  scenery is beautiful though . 
  found out our fuel price is made out of 60 % tax ... 
  even though we have the highest fuel prices in europe ( and probably the world ) we only use a little over 2 % of our income on it . 
  kind of wierd then how in norway it is the right wing parties who want to join the eu and the left opposes it . 
  eu is a capitalist dream . 
  the debt would still be in euros , and their new currency would be weak as fuck . 
   i 'm not sure why so many norwegians tend to think that frp 's only goals are immigration-based . 
  you know what , i totally agree . 
  people i know who voted frp does it because of lower taxes , better roads and so on . 
  very few does it because of immigration . 
   but its stance on economy , government involvement etc. 
  does and in what way does frp have a far-right stance on these issues ? 
  they are huge supporters of state financed welfare . 
  they even want to start up major state owned companies to build roads for example . 
  this just shows that many people have no clue . 
  frp is actually to the left of many labour parties in europe . 
  the social-democrats in denmark have many similar policies as the new conservative government . 
  sd and frp ca n't be compared . 
  frp was a party with origins in lower taxes and a smaller government , not anti-immigration like most far right parties in europe . 
  calling frp `` far right '' is just wrong . 
  labour in australia is much thougher on immigration than frp . 
  are they a far-right party because of it ? 
  the norwegian political spectrum is so small that the new conservative government gets called socialists abroad . 
  norway : - the progress party and the conservatives are going to form a minority government . 
  - our new government says that they will make professional boxing and segways legal . 
  also each municipality can decide if snowmobiles should be allowed to be used or not . 
  - ylvis - the fox is blowing up worldwide . 
  8th place on billboard and first in many countries . 
  13c in northern norway on the coast !, 
  no snow in sight , 
  not really . 
  all international connections like nato , eea and schengen will still be as before . 
  just like we avoided in norway then . 
  but since it was the left who was in power people went crazy saying we were stupid to vote them out . 
  and employ people in the public sector ... 
  considering these are money that could have been spent on improving public services and infrastructure , it 's a lot of money in the drain . 
  it 's the same in norway . 
  at the same time our state owned wine monopoly complains about loosing revenue . 
  i totally agree . 
  i do n't even know why labour is polling like 30 % after they have shown time after time that they do n't take responsibility . 
  one of the biggest tasks a state has is to protect its citizens , and they failed this task by far . 
  even after getting several warnings ahead that the security was n't acceptable at all . 
  eveytime they get confronted with something that does n't work they allways respond with either : `` it is n't as bad as it seems '' or `` no government has used so much money on this field '' . 
  why the fuck ca n't they just say `` i recognize the problem and i will make sure it gets fixed . '', 
  i also blame the opposition for not having balls after the 22 . 
  july report came out . 
  they should have voted to allocate the government in the parlament once it got known how bad it was . 
  even if they would get downvoted it would have showed that they cared . 
  the reason why labour keeps getting many votes is because of the large amount of people on welfare and public sector jobs . 
  we all know that if we reduce welfare benefits you will not win the election , even though it is needed if we want to have a welfare state in the future . 
  to put it simply , we are to dependent on the state . 
  the police effort that day was a discrace and should be more of a reason to vote them out of office . 
  they vary a lot on the polls . 
  last election they got 22,9 % but now it looks like they will get around 15-18 % . 
  in the end i can mention that breivik actually left the party because it did n't fit his extremist views . 
  the party does not support him or his actions at all . 
  well the taxi stunt turned out to be fake . 
  the `` passengers '' were paid to appear in the commercial . 
   i personally do not understand why the conservatives are gaining this much traction . 
  there are several reason for this . 
  first of all the sitting coalition has not actually talked about their own politics in their election campaign . 
  they have only talked about what things will go wrong if they are not in power . 
  now this card has been used for so long and still has n't worked . 
  they seem desperate to not loose power . 
  they also come across as arrogant , something we norwegians hate . 
  another thing is that they seem to have some political paralysis . 
  one year after the crushing report after 22 . 
  july the police say that nothing has changed . 
  they even admit that if it would have happened again they would not be better prepared . 
  also people see how the quality of public services does n't reflect a rich country that norway is . 
  the roads are bad , the hospitals are n't as good as they should be and the schools are old and worn down just to name a few things . 
  i am going to vote conservative myself this election just like a lot of people i know . 
  things may not change , but it 's worth a try . 
  one thing is for certain , keeping the sitting government is n't going to improve these things . 
  in the end i think that labour should be in opposition because they are simply so worn out and lack new ideas . 
   holy hell !!!!!, 
  what about if i just shopped at the cheapest markets ? 
  like fish markets and such ? 
  unless you are in oslo markets are hard to find . 
  but they say that it 's pretty cheap in immgrant owned shops . 
  fish markets is n't really common either . 
  be aware that the famous fish market in bergen is a rip-off . 
  the best advice i could give you is to stockpile on food in sweden , you can save up to 50 % . 
  by the way the estimate was including transport and accommodation . 
   this makes me sad :( i mean sure the fjords are worth seeing , but really , how much of a culture can you absorb without interacting with natives ? 
  that is the whole reason we travel !, 
  talk with different people , absorb the scenery , eat the food ... not even places like bergen or oslo ? 
  :( i want to be totally immersed in a culture if i 'm going to use my only 2 weeks vacation to go !!!, 
  if you do want to come in contact with natives i would arrange it beforehand . 
  just hanging out with randoms on the street would seem strange . 
  if you want to speak with random norwegians , bars and other places where alcohol is served is your best bet . 
  also in my experience you are going to have a harder time getting contact with natives in the large cities . 
  i come from the northern part of the country and we are in my experience much more open to strangers . 
   like no fooling this is not a myth ? 
  you got any ` murican friends ? 
  do they do alright with the lovely viking ladies ? 
  i 'd be lying if i said i have n't fantasized about some beautiful norwegian babes feeling my muscles in a bar  i think this is common everywhere . 
  the reason is because your more `` exotic '' . 
  also we have been fed so much american culture that seing the real thing is fascination to some . 
   fucking saved .
