  for most people a common job is just what they want . 
  most people actually do n't want to be a ceo or similar . 
  they just want to enjoy a middle class lifestyle . 
   of course , but it 's all relative . 
  there 's not reason for it to be so high in absolute terms . 
  the problem is just that the scale gets completely distorted at the extreme end . 
  so we should find a better way to express relative valuation , just like we use integrals to sum up certain curves rather than endless sums . 
  we 're using the wrong tools . 
  what tools should we use instead then ? 
  right now there is n't a lot of other things that are more tempting than money . 
  mostly because money can get you pretty much any other benefit as well . 
   the difference is that people who sabotage themselves will realize it themselves sooner or later , but the ones who are hindered by others ca n't always redress that injustice themselves . 
  you got a point , but there is always something you can do . 
  if you are not alone you can do a lot together . 
  whether this being wanting a higher wage or proper school equipment . 
   there 's always a biggest problem , naturally . 
  the fact that we reduced the death toll of the most important cause of death of last century , should n't stop us from working on cancer of cardiovascular diseases now . 
  likewise nothing should stop us from trying to remove the barriers to success that exist now , even if eg . 
  illiteracy is no longer an issue . 
  there is still a lot of research and development going on . 
  i think the biggest change is that most of these things are happening in advanced sectors within medicine and industry . 
  that means that the regular guy does n't really notice it . 
  it 's quite different from 40 years ago when regular household equipment were developing fast . 
   exactly , and that worked well . 
  so i see no reason not to try to repeat the success in other areas that are as privileged now as eg . 
  education used to be . 
  very true . 
  is n't unemployment figures seasonally adjusted though ? 
   there are plenty of skilled people . 
  they 're not all succesful . 
  the difference is luck . 
  no , i would n't say luck alone . 
  even if you have skills in one area you may not have them in another . 
  being a good carpenter does n't help when you start a business in the middle of a recession for example . 
   because the already succesful already have all they need . 
  we need to remove preexisting success as a prequisite for access to resources , by reducing the importance of networking , making requirements for capital availability more transparent etc. 
  so what do you suggest ? 
  that we seize a good chunk of their assets ? 
  what good would that do ? 
  established corporations growing bigger is absolutely something that benefits the majority of people . 
  tax revenues go up as well as employment . 
   there are plenty of people with similar education . 
  well , if they can afford it . 
  see , people who value education similarly but ca n't afford it are left behind . 
  so it 's not their value system ( or their implied moral superiority ) that matters , but their money . 
  despite what you think it 's not all about money . 
  schools like harvard and mit are free for people with low incomes and good grades . 
  also it 's not a given that you need a good education from a prestige university to succeed . 
  working your way up in the company is also another way . 
   by definition . 
  but why do they have good contacts ? 
  because when you run a successful business you get in touch with a lot of important people . 
  contacts are really important even if you like it or not , and always will be . 
  schools and internships are also good ways to get contacts if you are not of the wealthier kind . 
   so we should organize opportunities for people to show their worth previously , rather than relying on happenstance . 
  i am really curious on how you are planning for this to work . 
   i think they get the message at 10 million . 
  why would 11 million be more motivating ? 
  so what you are saying is that if you got to choose between a job that paid 10 million , you would choose it over a job that paid 11 million ? 
  i highly doubt that most people would do it . 
  people much prefer the higher number , it 's natural . 
   which gives you a convenient excuse to blame anyone for their situation . 
  what does `` really want it '' actually mean ? 
  pray hard enough ? 
  i do n't blame them , but you ca n't go around and blame everything around you . 
  i can understand how there is n't much you can do in impoverished countries to better your situation . 
  in western countries however , everything is set up for you in life . 
  if you want to succeed , there is not much stopping you . 
  the definition of success is also another factor . 
  i think most people would be more than happy to live a middle class lifestyle . 
  to achieve that is n't really that difficult . 
   by definition poor people have , at the very least , worse access to capital than rich people . 
  which is why public services in western countries are either free or subsidized so that everyone can succeed . 
  depends on fuel your car is running on . 
  with a diesel car i am sure you only need to fill up a few times . 
  filling up one tank will cost up to 80 pounds though . 
  that should do just fine . 
  that 's around a normal after tax income for a lot of people here . 
  just remember to bring a lot of money and pray for good weather . 
  northern norway is amazing in the sun !, 
   which is to a large extent a matter of luck . 
  so why the rush to throw money towards people who simply have been lucky ? 
  luck plays a part , but it 's far from all . 
  both of these things come to a large extent from skills . 
   things are too easy for people who are already successful . 
  we should make it easer for people who take new initiatives , not for the people who already own a lot . 
  why not make it easier for both ? 
   most ceo 's are recruited from wealthy families . 
  because these families value education more and has good contacts . 
   it 's all about `` relevant experience '' , i.e. 
  something that can be defined as desired so they can decide behind the screens who gets what . 
  sadly not every applicant can be tested before hiring . 
  that 's why those papers matter a lot . 
   does anyone need to ? 
  i would say yes since it encourages entrepreneurship and innovation . 
   poverty is relative , it 's more about opportunity than an absolute measure . 
  and the opportunities are there for most people . 
  i am convinced anyone can succeed if they really want it . 
   and always someone who has started a business and failed despite hard work . 
  i 'm a taxman currently , i do have an overview .
