  other than that norway is n't as expensive as people claim . 
  yes , in most cases even more . 
  basic income is not going to be implemented in the nordics first . 
  people are very much opposed the the idea . 
  it will probably be implemented in the u.s first and then the nordics come jumping after 10 years later which is always the case . 
  i make due on a little over $ 1000 here in norway . 
  i do n't think prices in switzerland are that much higher than here . 
  grass is greener etc, 
  yes i 'm very happy with it . 
  i am even able to save some money while studying , 
  as a norwegian i can get the $ 270 grant per month in addition to a grant from norway which is around $ 1060 a month . 
  so going on an erasmus exchange to a cheap country means you can live pretty good !, 
   you had to pay the semester fee for switzerland and norway which could be a lot and you were n't granted a funding for sure 2-3 years ago . 
  in norway that 's around $ 100 per semester . 
   so they were kinda like erasmus but were not . 
  idk if it 's true to this day . 
  i can go on erasmus exchanges and recieve a grant just like any other eu citizen . 
  in fact i am planning on doing it in the fall semester . 
  say goodbye to the numerous companies in kirkenes that does business with russia . 
   you pay the same bill as other european countries [ norway pays $ 1,73 billion over a period of 5 years ] ( http://www.eu-norway.org/eu/financial-contribution/#.vqvc_irhchc ) . 
  that is $ 347 million a year . 
  or a little bit more than slovenia pays . 
  the closest comparison in regards to wealth and population is denmark who pays [ $ 2,2 billion a year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#eu-28_contributions_.282014.29 ) . 
  which is more than 6 times as much as norway . 
   follow the sames rules as other european countries not in regards to fishing , agriculture and finance . 
   you do n't get a vote on it [ we have a veto which means that we do n't have to implement them ] ( https://www.regjeringen.no/en/find-document/dep/ud/reports-to-the-storting/20002001/report_no-12_to_the_storting_2000-2001/7/id193725/ ) . 
  this has not been used yet however as the efta countries usually end up finding a compromise with the eu if disagreements were to occur . 
   you do n't get help by eu funds we would have paid more than we would get if we were a member regardless . 
  so really it would have been a loss for us . 
  we have more than enough money in the bank . 
   only thing you get is that you can choose to not follow something that you do n't like . 
  is n't that a major point ? 
  also we are able to negotiate trade agreements as we want . 
  eu members ca n't do this . 
   they almost hinted at that norway is wealthy because they 're outside the eu , but in reality it 's more thanks to oil . 
  then they make the case about literacy . 
  really ? 
  100 % literacy thanks to not being part of the illiterate european club . 
  norway can decide to have better laws protecting it 's workers right , but we have similar laws here in sweden and we 're still in the eu . 
  i agree that these are some weak points if you are to argue against eu-membership . 
  on the other hand it does have an important argument in regards to fishing and agriculture . 
  major opt-outs in regards to norway where fishing stocks are very well managed and agriculture difficult due to climate . 
  other benefits of being outside of the eu is that you do not have to implement many of the eu regulations . 
  even though our governments have a tendency to do it regardless . 
  in addition we are free to negotiate our own free trade agreements . 
  lastly our contributions to the eu are tiny compared to other countries . 
  per year it 's less than what bulgaria pays . 
  many people point towards our politicians who often argue that we have no influence while having to implement regulations . 
  the thing is that it should be taken with a grain of salt as the two major parties ( conservatives and labour ) are very pro-eu . 
  they do n't vote to join however as the majority of people are against it . 
  i do n't know where they got the idea that agriculture is a key industry in norway when it contributes a full 1 % to the economy . 
  services and industry on the other hand is 40 % of the economy . 
  other than that i agree that the u.k should be brave and leave . 
  it would not hurt to have a larger partner outside of the eu . 
  in addition you do get more sovereignity , even though many people try to say that it 's not the case . 
  feel the same as a norwegian . 
  somehow i also think that this is very common in the nordics in general . 
  we have always been on the outskirts of europe and had to thrive for our selves . 
  a person living in belgium might not feel the same as they have numerous countries that you can reach in one day . 
  having an old airframe will cost a lot in maintainance . 
  both time and money . 
  i know the norwegian air force is struggeling to keep the jets operating . 
  as time goes by spare parts may also be an issue . 
  especially if partners decide to upgrade their fleet . 
  well it probably was before the internet was a thing . 
  oppland and hedmark is farmer counties . 
  so incomes are therefore not that high . 
  in addition these counties did n't have much to do with the oil industry in the first place . 
  it 's a few items that are more heavily taxed which makes them more expensive . 
  but for regular items the prices are n't that much higher . 
  so when comparing purchasing power it 's still higher here . 
  alcohol and tobacco are exceptions since they are more heavily taxed . 
  pretty much everything else is not that much more expensive . 
  clothes , electronics etc costs roughly the same in norway as they do everywhere else in my own experience . 
  in the case of mo i rana and mosj\u00f8en between 10 000 - 20 000 people . 
  i was more referring to their industrial capacity . 
  glomfjord does for example have 1000 inhabitants , but their have a fertilizer plant that have around 10 billion nok ( 1 $ billion ) in revenue . 
  that is also not the only factory in the industrial area . 
  the economy in nordland is highly diversified . 
  you have the fishing industry , mining , aluminium , silisium and fertilizers to name a few . 
  [ here is an article explaining the massive export growth ] ( http://www.tu.no/industri/2016/01/20/norwegian-crystals-startet-opp-i-asken-av-rec.-i-ar-forventer-de-overskudd ) . 
  major industrial towns include mo i rana , mosj\u00f8en and glomfjord . 
  things are booming in northern norway with real mainland industries . 
  also in eastern norway there is n't much trouble either . 
  it 's highly local at the moment . 
  right now we are actually withdrawing a few billion from the fund , but because the fund is so large the returns will greatly outweigh this . 
  this means that the fund is still going to grow . 
  also as our currency weakens , our foreign holdings get worth more and more . 
  when these people easily spends thousands of dollars to get here i 'm sure they are able to get some shelter . 
  now we just wait to hear why this is a bad thing . 
  [ what about the sami people that settled in northern norway ] ( http://imgur.com/kafsbzi ) ? 
  totally normal on the inlands . 
  about the same . 
   the state budget is only balanced because the government is taking ever increasing sums of money out of the oil fund . 
  it 's about 5 billion nok . 
  which is not really a bad deal . 
  considering that times like these are what the fund was made to handle in the first place . 
   ut it is increasing and is worse than we 've had in years . 
  it 's very local . 
  western norway is hard hit , but for example in the north the economy is still booming .
