  there simply is n't a responsible alcohol culture like we see in southern europe . 
  one could argue that the strict laws surrounding it could play part in this . 
  anything from 80-120 nok ( $ 9 - $ 13 ) in my experience . 
  maybe to a certain degree . 
  however it is no doubt that norway has traditionally been more developed than ireland , even if you go back a 100 years . 
  as for today you can still see how ireland is still not totally developed . 
  i visited dublin and was really surprised to see how run-down it was . 
  especially the northern side of the city looked pretty rough . 
  it 's getting better though . 
  you 're right . 
  norway , finland , iceland and the faroe islands did ban it however . 
  it 's not uncommon unfortunately . 
  it 's because of taxes . 
  svalbard is a tax free zone in norway and here the price of beer is similar to the rest of europe . 
   norway and ireland would have had similar historical economies . 
  [ in 1969 when norway found oil the gdp per capita of norway was twice as high as in ireland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_past_and_projected_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) _ per_capita #world _ bank_estimates_between_1960_and_1969 ) . 
   yeah can someone explain why it 's roughly $ 15 for a beer in norway ? 
  it 's closer to $ 9-10 for a beer . 
  it 's expensive because of taxes . 
  also the bars make a huge profit of selling beer at a three times higher price than the purchasing prize . 
   the prices are still absurd even in regular shops . 
  i wonder how much they are in clubs ... 
  i did n't dare find out . 
  it 's of course higher than in pretty much any other country , but grocery store beer is still 3 times cheaper than at a bar or club . 
  because we followed the u.s on their ban on alcohol in the start of the 1900 's . 
  after that the strict alcohol laws have stayed and is widely supported among the left-wing parties and the christians . 
   given that the median income is about $ 20k , that 's $ 4k in tax per annum . 
  that just confirms that the gdp numbers are not a good indicator . 
  the median income in norway is $ 53 850 a year . 
  more than twice as much as in ireland . 
  not really , as our currency would not fluctuate according to the oil price . 
  this means that when the oil price falls , the euro would end up increasing in value as most of europe benefits from it , norway however does n't . 
  so it would be cathastrophic for us . 
  if we look at average yes , but especially on the lower end it is much higher . 
  i talked to a polish girl that worked at a supermarket in poland . 
  she earned 8 pln per hour . 
  when i did the same job at a supermarket in norway , i earned closer to 80 pln per hour . 
  [ which puts ireland below the u.k and just above italy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gni_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) . 
  i does seem wierd . 
  however i 've heard that gdp figures from ireland should be taken with a grain of salt as the mulitnational companies have a tendency to skew the numbers . 
  i do n't find norway expensive if you have a norwegian wage . 
  for example are groceries , restaurants and services ( haircut etc ) about three times as expensive in norway compared to poland even though wages are a lot higher in norway . 
  also clothes and electronics costs pretty much exactly the same . 
  i would say that the the only things that are considerably more expensive is alcohol , tobacco and to a certain degree cars . 
  but that has more to do with special taxation on those items . 
  that 's interesting because some spanish company got kicked from a tunneling project in norway because they had no clue what they were doing . 
  we have ... coal ? 
  i wonder what kind of women you have met . 
  it 's nowhere enough to compensate . 
  i 'm surprised it 's that low for a country as wealthy as germany . 
  you can always make some more room . 
  the problem however is that most people do n't want to live with people or rent out to people that have chosen to be homeless instead of accepting the help they are entitled to . 
  i know for sure if i owned a property i would n't like to have heroin addicts residing in it . 
  pretty much every country in europe provides housing to the people in need . 
  yet many people do n't use it because they have issues like drug addiction or simply refuses to accept the offer they get . 
  that 's why you have beggars and homeless people in countries like germany , sweden etc even if they would get housing if they wanted . 
  at what point do we start blaming people themselves instead of blaming the rich or the state ? 
  but since you obviously feel strongly about this issue , why do n't you open your own home to the people in need ? 
  how is it the rich fault that people freeze in the winter ? 
  i agree , that 's why norway is great . 
  it rarely gets uncomfortably warm !, 
  very interesting indeed !, 
  i think a lot of people would be surprised about this . 
  people always bash the u.s for their `` red scare '' , but it kind of was alive and well here as well . 
  there is no thing such as bad weather , only bad clothing !, 
  because literally everything wrong in the world is because of the rich ... 
  if you freeze after a 5 minute walk you have n't dressed yourself properly !, 
  kind of off topic , but did n't sweden chase any of the communist at that time ? 
  i know that communists and socialists in norway got persecuted and put under surveillance by the government during that time . 
  people were very scared of soviet spies in the 50 's and 60 's . 
  we 'll , except for their vital fishing industry of course . 
  there is a reason why norway and iceland is n't in the eu . 
  i guess that explain it to a certain degree as houses are pretty large in norway and sweden too where land is plentiful . 
  although i would n't attribute all of it to that . 
  i do believe there is some culture differences as well . 
  yes they could join the u.k in shooting themselves in the foot . 
  iceland has absolutely nothing to gain from being in the eu . 
  it 's culture differences . 
  materialism is valued more in the u.s which is why they have larger houses , cars etc than in most of europe . 
  in the end it 's just a trade off and a choice that society has made . 
  yes the differences are pretty huge and puts things in perspective !, 
  for example does norwegian students get more in scholarship grants from the government than the average polish wage . 
  this really does n't tell a lot about the quality of the healthcare system . 
  i would rather get treated at a swedish hospital than a bulgarian one despite the latter having a much higher amount of hospital beds . 
  if the state did n't go around seizing businesses they would n't be in the mess in the first place . 
  many other countries that rely on oil exports does n't have the same problems that venezuela has where the people lack basic consumer items and food . 
  the oil crash would have hurted venezuela regardless , but they would not be in anyway near as bad of a situation that they are in now if it were n't for the incompetent leadership . 
  which is capitalism where everyone is free to start their own businesses and make as much money as they can without the state having a salary cap . 
  or just do n't propose stupid legislation in the first place . 
  i do n't see how the government should be entitled to more than 50 % of your income . 
  that 's kind of interesting as we keep hearing how people working minimum wage jobs in the u.k and western europe in general are really struggling to get by . 
  poverty is very relative indeed . 
  really impressive figures from czech republic . 
  they really must be producing skodas like crazy !, 
  would n't surprise me . 
  on all these houses and apartment blocks you can just see how dirty the smoke is . 
  it does n't look like it is burning very clean . 
  yeah poland is pretty cool . 
  being a norwegian means i can have a very good life here . 
  however i will only stay here for a relatively short time .
