  how much do you pay for a 0,5 l beer in bars and grocery stores ? 
  it 's not too bad . 
  a weak currency has made non-petroleum industries boom again . 
  sad for people that got laid off though . 
  but they have skills that we need in other sectors . 
  just look at norway for that . 
  rich country , worst roads in western europe . 
  is that even possible ? 
  wages in z\u00fcrich and geneva are really high though . 
  so 25 % is n't too bad . 
  the overall tax burden is still much lower than here . 
  this is even though you end up around 25-27 % effective income tax on an average income here as well . 
  we tax consumption a lot . 
  low taxes in switzerland, 
  it really depends on where you go . 
  tap water in new york was the same quality as here in norway . 
  in europe i 've only experienced drinkable tap water in scandinavia . 
  everywhere else i had to buy bottled water . 
  even in `` developed '' countries like the u.k , ireland , spain and germany the water was crap . 
  i 've also been to the u.s. good food , nice people , good roads , tap water not filled with clorine and not to mention i felt safe . 
  a lot of the things you mentioned i have experienced in the eu as well . 
  except daipers and electronics . 
  labour is the most conservative party in norway to be honest . 
  our current government is actually trying to change things . 
  but the people here hate change so that 's why they want labour back . 
  if i were to go to the us then colorado probably would n't be my first choice . 
  it 's probably a lot funnier than norway though where everything fun is either illegal , regulated or taxed to hell . 
  living on low income sucks anywhere . 
  a standard middle class job in the u.s beats most of europe out of the water when it comes to earnings and quality of life . 
  there is plenty of shitty companies in the eu as well . 
  it seems like you get all the news from reddit . 
  talk to real americans and i 'm sure they would tell you quite a different story . 
  so in other words it 's just like the eu ? 
  looking at statistics i would end up with less student debt in the us compared to here in norway . 
  healthcare i would get from my employer or pay for it myself . 
  would amount to less than i would pay in taxes over here anyways . 
  if i were to relocate i would choose the us or canada instead of those countries in a heartbeat . 
  austria , belgium and finland seems boring . 
  in norway you get 12 % and you can withdraw them at any time you like . 
  most people do it in the summer though . 
  because western europeans take freedom from russian influence for granted . 
  the us is much more progressive than a lot of europe . 
  because life really is n't any different here compared to other western countries . 
  also a lot of people find the conservative mindset and nanny-state laws to annoying . 
  you have read to much reddit if you think that is how the u.s is . 
  and europeans call americans ignorant ? 
  if i get a good job offer then sure . 
  i love the us and americans !, 
  implying socialism and taxes have anything to do with eachother . 
  well , the highways are allright . 
  it 's the other roads that suck . 
  and here i was thinking that europe were done with the socialist bullshit ... 
  not interested in joining eu so it 's not going to happen . 
  the uk is far from alone with this . 
  coming from norway i found the roads in britain to be superior . 
  that 's not the issue . 
  it 's rather an issue with politicians not prioritizing it . 
  money has gone to social benefits and welfare instead of infrastructure . 
  every country has good and bad roads . 
  free government handouts gain more votes than infrastructure spending . 
  this has changed in the last few years though and we are going to invest nearly 70 billion euros on rail/road/port / airport infrastructure the next 10 years . 
  airport and harbour infrastructure has always been good in norway . 
  it 's rail and roads where we are lagging behind . 
  a lot of it has to do with our main industries being located on the coast , where transport happens by boat . 
  norwegian infrastructure is a joke . 
  but clearly it does its job . 
  i think the net gain from the autobahn network is far greater than the cost . 
  i guess the fish in the gulf of finland would be able to join in on the fun !, 
  i can give an example from here . 
  russians who come here avoid getting treatment because of the costs . 
  it can cost up to 34 500 $ for treatment . 
  [ here is an article about it ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=no&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nrk.no%2ftroms%2fsyke-russere-vil-ikke-ha-legehjelp-1.7502049&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) . 
  i did read the article and am aware of this . 
  it 's a bad reaction by the insurer . 
  one could also argue that going abroad when being pregnant is n't the smartest idea , as incidents like this can occur . 
   they try to screw you out of money any way that they can . 
  you pay them for years , and then when you need them , they can make it hard for you to get any benefits . 
  it does n't always happen like that , but it can . 
  that 's true . 
  i 've personally only had good experiences with my insurance company though . 
  i guess the lesson here is to make sure you are properly insured . 
  if non-eu citizens have surgery or birth here in norway without insurance they would also get a massive bill . 
  it includes part time workers . 
  i would imagine the average full time worker works the standard 40 hour work week . 
  i 've found that if you have your papers in order and do n't travel with too much baggage it 's a very smooth experience . 
  never experienced any trouble . 
  which means us native norwegians work in sectors with even higher wages , 
  in other words if this goes through we have to chance to undercut eu tax rates . 
  is that even possible ? 
  i ca n't imagine there is so much money in circulation in romania to allow that to work . 
  would n't be so sure about that . 
  wages in typical low paid sectors ( retail , restaurants etc ) are twice as high in norway compared to the u.k. 
  we ca n't afford to drink a lot :(, 
  why not ? 
  the u.s is the second largest export marked for china . 
  they could severly fuck up their economy , which of course mean their currency too . 
  the u.s could ruin the chinese economy too . 
  your point being ? 
  someone better break the news !, 
  alright , seems like you are quite nordic in that way .
