  i think that counts for every country . 
  that being said i have n't heard swedes lacking respect for our culture , just some friendly joking . 
  to be fair we do joke quite a bit about eachother , but it 's all fun . 
  i wish the scandinavian countries would be better integrated . 
  i think that would benefit everyone . 
  i can imagine if we combine all the good things from each country we would end up being extremely close to perfect !, 
   yes , but still . 
  what if i were to travel to the us ? 
  travelling is different . 
  what matters is the cost of everyday goods . 
  if you earn $ 50k in norway and $ 25k in the u.s you can afford the same since the prices are twice as high in norway compared to the u.s.  hell , you 're from norway we get paid $ 1.000 + for taking an academic degree in anything . 
  lots of americans have something like $ 30.000 + in debt when they graduate . 
  the $ 1000 dollars or something a month are student loans though . 
  40 % of it gets turned in to a scholarship if you pass the exam . 
  that means that you will end up with student loans anyway . 
  even in public schools you can end up with $ 30k in debt if you study anything higher than a bachelor degree . 
  if you go to private school like bi you end up with even higher debt . 
  studying in norway is free , living however is not . 
   is there any more integration besides eating mysost and skiing that we swedes need to go through ? 
  you have to wake up every morning and look at this [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/myplqxg.jpg ) while singing `` ja vi elsker '' . 
  after you have gotten that routine you need to drive atleast 2 times a year to sweden to stack up on cheap alcohol and bacon . 
  the final skill you need to aquire is to complain about absolutely everything from prices , roads to nav . 
  once you got these three things in check there you are pretty much set . 
   at some times i find it to be more swedish than sweden over here in rogaland  it 's gotten pretty rediculous . 
  not that i 'm complaining as swedes are wonderful people . 
  we have plenty of them over here !, 
  it 's true that alcohol is extremely cheap in bulgaria , or everywhere else in europe compared to norway !, 
  if you want to relax on holiday greece is good . 
  eastern europe and places like ibiza are the best for partying though . 
  you need to keep in mind that everything is a lot cheaper in the u.s compared to denmark . 
  all the swedes have gone to norway already so integration should n't be too difficult , 
  i did n't like sunny beach at all . 
  crete is loverly in comparison . 
  i find greece to be one of the few places in southern europe where you do n't find annoying sellers on the beach and streets . 
   so , if a mod came here and started editing your comments would you find that okay if some third person vouched that the meaning was the same ? 
  it seems like you do n't understand what the problem is . 
  if they edited one word which meant exactly the same i would be puzzled , but in the end i would n't really care since the point would be the same . 
   i wo n't keep replying to your off-topic remarks about how the austerity is a good policy and all that . 
  feel free to check out my submission history if you want your opinion challenged . 
  i do n't think austerity is a good policy , but in greece it is the only option . 
   what makes you think it 's becoming better , or `` clearer '' as you say ? 
  i 'm not saying it has gotten better . 
  what i mean is that when the crisis came , it was pretty easy to see how the state had fucked everyone over , even before the crisis by living beyond their means . 
   a shrinking deficit still means your finances are becoming worse every year , just at a slower rate . 
  if reducing debt and living within your means is your objective , then greece is n't achieving any of that . 
  i 'm not going to discuss the economics of it in detail , it has nothing to do with the issue at hand . 
  they are slowly doing just that . 
  the point is to reduce the deficit so it turns to a surplus . 
  right now greece has a primary surplus so it 's going the right direction . 
   if it had the same meaning , why did they care to change it ? 
  the two words obviously do not have the same connotations and that 's why they censored one word and forced them to use another . 
  please do n't rationalise a serious incident like this . 
  censorship is not okay , even if you think the meaning is the same . 
  who are they to force us to use one word and not another ? 
  does it seriously not disturb you ? 
  maybe it was changed in translation . 
  there can be other reasons as well . 
  it would have worried me if the word that was changed had a completely different meaning . 
  but when the two words mean exactly the same i do n't really see the issue . 
   ah , the mythical impartial websites . 
  i 'm sorry , but there is no such thing in these matters . 
  again , the fact that a website is left-wing or right-wing has nothing to do with the validity of the presented story . 
  now , if the article was an opinion piece , then it would be a debate worth having but that 's neither here nor there . 
  there is actually some . 
  they may be a little biased , but they are able to look at things from both sides . 
   the level of mental gymnastics is off the charts . 
  if the state does n't exist by the people for the people , what 's the point ? 
  the state has fucked the greeks for decades already . 
  it 's just getting clearer after the financial crisis . 
   of course i can . 
  the deficit is almost as high as ever and thus the debt pile keeps growing . 
  greece has a 170 % debt-to-gdp ratio , you know . 
  bottom line : the country 's finances are getting worse and worse , but again , this has nothing to do with the issue at hand . 
  the deficit is shrinking with a primary surplus this year . 
  the bonds interest rates have gone down a lot and greece may be able to borrow from international markets again . 
  the debt to gdp ratio is high , but the u.k has had over 200 % debt to gdp ratio after world war two . 
  now , as far as i see it the alternative to austerity is to spend even more . 
  what would the debt to gdp ratio be then ? 
  again , you ca n't borrow yourself out of a crisis when you are heavily indebted beforehand . 
   so , censorship is okay if state finances are improving ( which they are not ) ? 
  gosh , good to know . 
  i do n't see how it 's censorship if the word that was changed pretty much have the same meaning . 
  how is it hiding anything then ? 
   just above you said that a government forcing a news agency to change a translation is not important because `` austerity is a good thing for greece anyway '' . 
  it 's a non sequitur argument : `` state finances being a success story '' ( which they 're not ) in no way justifies censorship and meddling with journalism . 
  again , the definition is pretty much exactly the same . 
   so what ? 
  people post right-wing websites all the time . 
  i do n't see you protesting about those . 
  i would react to those as well , but i ca n't protest against every link that gets posted . 
  i think it 's important that the sites i 'm getting my news from can look at things from both sides . 
   well , they are right : the greek media landscape is riddled with unprofitable companies that only exist to help the owners with their other businesses . 
  does n't sound like a good business plan to me . 
   the change is important because in the german psyche the word `` austerity '' is associated with the success of the agenda 2010 programme . 
  in greece the word is associated with the recent economic catastrophe . 
  sure , people like you might believe that it was for the best but it was a catastrophe nonetheless and people are associating the policy with the changes in their lives . 
  for most people the reforms are a catastrophe , but for the state it 's a success story . 
  i still believe this will benefit greece in the long run . 
   now , the government orders the news agency to remove the word because its own narrative depends on convincing the people that `` we 've done our homework and we are now a success story ; the need for austerity is over and soon everything will be sunshine and rainbows '' . 
  merkel 's wording inadvertently sabotages this narrative so the government decided that the media ought to lie so that their `` success story '' does n't get disrupted .
