  it should happen gradually . 
  a devaluation helps with this . 
  when the reforms are in place and productivity increases the currency should strenghten again . 
  of course having your own currency does n't solve all problems , but it can help a lot . 
  you can be more competitive without ruining your domestic market . 
  i feel a much stronger bond to my fellow norwegians than with some random italian . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is the case for most countries . 
  i think a country would have a better chance of fixing their problems if the population is educated and has practical working experience . 
  who wants to employ a 25 year old with no working experience ? 
  i 'm sure us norwegians have a problems since we use monetary policies to keep us away from recession as the oil price fell . 
  but i do n't know a single person that has no working experience . 
  pretty sure people are more happy with having a job and income instead of sitting unemployed at home and waiting for wage cuts and worse working conditions which would be the case if we used the euro . 
  it would mean that the rich countries would have to send billions of euros to the poorer countries . 
  people are generally not happy about seeing their tax money being sent abroad . 
  if the pound was strong other sectors of the economy must have contributed positively . 
  of course some sectors do n't like a strong pound , but a strong currency is a sign of a strong economy . 
  with the euro you have the same situation but with countries instead . 
  germany might be powering ahead strenghtening the euro . 
  but for a struggling economy this is very bad news . 
  especially if you have no fiscal transfers . 
  even if that means a lost generation of unemployed youth ? 
  you 're right , although i disagree with the claim that we are part of the eu . 
  as it says in your article norway only implements directives that are relevant to the eea agreement . 
  i get the numbers from this [ article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/03/06/what-if-britain-left-the-eu-and-could-be-more-like-norway/ ) . 
  `` while norway follows around three-quarters of eu directives , this is not the same as saying that norway obeys three-quarters of eu laws . 
  according to the report , norway has adopted 1,369 out of 1,965 eu directives , or goals . 
  however , there were also 7,720 eu regulations in force in 2008 , just 1,349 -- or around 17.5 pc -- of which were incorporated into the eea agreement . 
  this means that combined directives and regulations in force in norway constitute about 28pc of the total eu `` acquis '' - the body of common rights and obligations that is binding on all member states . '', 
  that would have been the case regardless . 
  when negotiating trade agreements you have to compromise . 
  but in the end both parties should be better off . 
  would n't surprise me to be honest !, 
  norway was a founding member of nato and has interests in staying in because of russia . 
  so in other words it was fully voluntary . 
  we could have stayed neutral like finland and sweden for example . 
  we have avoided making our industries uncompetitive during high oil prices since we have not exchanged the income into nok but instead invested it abroad . 
  so the argument that the eur would make the funds value more stable means little as it 's already dominated by usd and eur investments . 
  in fact the funds value in nok increased a lot because of it . 
  the weakened krone has been a great blessing for norway as the oil price have plunged . 
  this year tourist arrivals are at it 's highest and our mainland exports are having a great time . 
  the loss of purchasing power is n't noticable for most people as we still earn way above the eu average . 
  i do n't see how our other industries would be more competitive with the eur . 
  just look at finland and how they are doing . 
  nokia made wages increase and now the country is stuck with higher wages than what their industry could sustain . 
  during the oil price boom the average wage in norway was 41000 nok ( 5470 $ ) a month . 
  now the same figure is 43400 nok ( 4635 $ ) . 
  in other words it has become cheaper to do business here . 
  if we would used the euro our wages would be even higher since ez growth is picking up . 
  at 2013 levels that would have meant that the wages would have reached 5790 $ a month . 
  this would have been horrible for our economy as the oil sector is n't as profitable as it was and we would have been stuck with the highest wages in the ez . 
  who would manufacture anything here ? 
  the thing is that we do n't follow all the rules . 
  in norway 's case we are talking about only 28 % of them . 
  we are de facto not part of the eu . 
  norway has lots of cooperation with the eu and cooperates on different areas like education , development and trade . 
  but this is a voluntary agreement which is n't forced on us in any way . 
  norway is for example not part of cap which is 40 % of the eu budget . 
  what are examples of directives that brussels give a shit about which does n't benefit norway in any way ? 
  we already have control over our most vital areas . 
  we basically get the good parts of the eu and not the bad . 
  if we look at it we are the ones that should be more happy about the current situation . 
  having access to romanian doctors and labourers is good for us while bad for you in regards to brain drain . 
  the eu has n't forced us to do anything we would n't otherwise do . 
  so i do n't get your argument that they are bossing us around when that is not really the case . 
  we have a good relationship with the eu and will continue to do so in the future . 
  i am fairly certain that the regulations in regards to the market is something most people agree on . 
  having the same standards across countries is a good thing . 
  but as you mention we are free from refugee quotas and such , which would be very unpopular here . 
  so it 's a good deal in that regard . 
   you would get a say in making the regulations you already have to follow . 
  we already have a veto that we can use if regulation hit us negatively . 
  since we are such a small country we would n't matter in the eu except being a milking cow . 
  you 're right . 
  that 's what i was referring to . 
  only between the scandinavian countries . 
  the point is that free movement of people is n't something people are opposed to . 
  allthough it has had some bad effects in regards to social dumping and gypsy beggars on every single street corner . 
  funny how you would mention gas considering the eu gets lots of their gas from norway . 
  would it be bold to claim that the eu is prosperous ( it is n't really that prosperous tbh ) because of norwegian gas powering their industries ? 
   you are following all the eu rules while not having any say in making them . 
  [ `` all '' meaning 28 % of them ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/03/06/what-if-britain-left-the-eu-and-could-be-more-like-norway/ ) ? 
   even if you would , i doubt you could seperate you fully from the eu , because your economies are so entwined with the eu 's single market . 
  why would we want to seperate fully anyways ? 
  as long as we can keep the antibiotic meat away and keep our fishing industry we are happy . 
  there is very little to gain for norway and switzerland to join the eu . 
  the trust in public institutions is high and the economy is good . 
  we only need to implement those regulations that are relevant to the eea . 
  which means that in reality we only implement like [ 28 % ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/03/06/what-if-britain-left-the-eu-and-could-be-more-like-norway/ ) of all eu regulations . 
  we contribute much less than other eu states . 
  i 'm sure norway would be the top contributor if we were a member . 
  norway is very pro free trade so the single market is something we all agree on . 
  the scandinavian countries had free movement of people way before the eu even existed . 
  let 's not forget that we have control over our agriculture and fishing policies . 
  this is huge as our livestock has the lowest use of antibiotics in europe and our fishing stock is very well managed . 
  why would we want to ruin that for a tiny amount of influence ? 
  the eea agreement is a very good deal for norway . 
  most of europe thrives on low oil prices , while for norway it 's the opposite . 
  so how does create a monetary policy that can cater to both these interests ? 
  it 's simply impossible . 
  it 's exactly the same in norway .
