  to be more specific the following : - labor market interventions are policies and programs designed to promote employment , the efficient operation of labor markets and the protection of workers . 
  - social insurance mitigates risks associated with unemployment , ill health , disability , work-related injury and old age , such as health insurance or unemployment insurance . 
  - social assistance is when resources , either cash or in-kind , are transferred to vulnerable individuals or households with no other means of adequate support , including single parents , the homeless , or the physically or mentally challenged . 
  i do n't know if eurostat use this definition though . 
  it would be interesting to know . 
   that is so wrong . 
  does n't even matter what you look into , the quality differs a lot between the countries . 
  even the availability , some services like free pre school day care exist in only a few . 
  let 's take scandinavia that has pretty much the same services with similar quality . 
  how is it that norway and sweden use less money compared to denmark while at the same time getting the same services ? 
  they are more efficient . 
  it 's not worse being unemployed in sweden or norway either even though they use a smaller percentage . 
  in other words money get spent more wisely . 
  since pretty much all the countries in the map have the same public services , the chart is in a lot of ways telling us how efficient their public sector is . 
  in other words it 's better to have a low percentage because that means that the money is being spent more efficiently . 
  iceland and switzerland disagrees . 
  i was actually shocked to find out that in denmark the state taxes student stipends . 
  so i can imagine tax breaks will help private consumption quite a bit . 
  sorry denmark ... ca n't hear you over the noise of the oil rigs in the north sea !, 
  high five !, 
  rich mountain brothers 4 life !, 
  implying higher government social expenditure is a good thing . 
  it also means that u.s exports become uncompetitive . 
  it would rather make things more difficult since the population density makes it hard to build infrastructure that reaches everyone . 
  146 nok/hr in retail in norway if you are over 18 years old . 
  cmon , is n't str\u00f8mstad and svinesund enough ? 
  if we go by municipality the one with the lowest unemployment rate is utsira municipality with 0,3 % unemployment . 
  the highest is b\u00e5tsfjord with 7,9 % if we go by regions the lowest is rogaland with 1,8 % and the highest is finnmark with 3,5 % . 
  depends on what sector you work in . 
  the petroleum industry is more open to foreigners of they have the right skills . 
  service jobs however mostly require you to speak a scandinavia language . 
  and 3,4 % in norway . 
  thank you volvo shareholders for being stupid on swedens part :d, 
   gives it to your poor nordic brothers in iceland . 
  i wish iceland would join norway and we could again be one great nation under one flag !, 
  pizzabakeren is almost half the price . 
  he got ripped off . 
  that 's a lot . 
  i can get a large pizza delivered to my house for 19 pounds . 
  he must have been ripped off . 
  it 's mostly service products like restaurants that are more expensive . 
  other products are maybe 30-40 % more expensive depending on what country you compare with . 
  then you have electronics that are actually cheaper in norway than many other countries . 
  that 's why we have some of the highest wages in europe to compensate . 
  the average monthly salary is 41 000 nok ( 5030 $ ) which after tax equals around around 29 500 nok ( 3618 $ ) . 
  going abroad is pretty awesome to put it that way . 
  what to do with all this money ? 
  electronics in norway is actually cheap . 
  compared to norway it is !, 
  alcohol in sweden is cheap . 
  which is why we flock over the border to buy loads of it !, 
  or it will be medvedevs turn !, 
  yeah . 
  life is pretty difficult in norway ... , 
   sounds expensive !, 
  about $ 27 for a 0,5 l six-pack sounds about right . 
  does n't really hurt to be honest since the wages are so high . 
  we play beer pong with 4,7 % in norway . 
  another reason why we are better than the swedes , 
  indeed !, 
   how is something you pay taxes for ` free stuff ' ? 
  if the government pays for it via deficit spending you do n't pay for it . 
  also most people pay to the state than the amount they get back from it via roads , schooling , healthcare etc. 
  tax cuts and obamacare would pass on as free stuff in my opinion . 
  does n't every politican promise free stuff ? 
  that 's how you get elected in a democracy . 
  ah , i 'm so glad my country is not part of this mess !, 
  i can confirm that it sucks living on the norwegian coast in relation to the weather . 
  luckily i live on the east side of the mountains now !, 
  humidity is hell in the southern europe too . 
  pretty happy to live up north for that reason !, 
   i clamber out of my bed in the morning when it feels freezing , turn the heating on , jump in the shower and then pray that by the time i leave the bathroom my bedroom as heated up . 
  heated bathroom floor is a bliss here . 
  it 's so comfortable !, 
   living in northern europe is suffering . 
  i still would n't trade it for warm humid weather though  i find the weather here to be perfect . 
  summer from early may to late september where it 's warm , but not so much that it 's uncomfortable . 
  then you have the winter where it 's nice and cold . 
  in that season you can be inside and have it super cozy !, 
  in southern norway at this time of the year it can be 4c in the morning and over 20c in the daytime . 
  makes dressing up quite the challenge !, 
  to be fair , a lot of the roads in norway should n't be called roads since they are so horrible . 
  probably shipping etc. 
  we do not have polar bears roaming the streets and we eat pizza and taco 's more often than fish . 
  guess you will have to die then . 
  since you live in a capitalist country . 
  there are actually more americans with norwegian descent than norwegians living in norway !, 
  if you are in the chania area i would recommend taking the boat to gramvousa . 
  really charming island with a nice castle at the top !, 
  there is plenty of stores who use english . 
  for example is the word `` sale '' often used instead of the norwegian `` salg '' . 
  guess it 's a way to make it more hip and trendy . 
   did i mention the uk is on verge of a very bad recession , and soon the us too ? 
  wierd how absolutely no economic forecasts predict it . 
  what makes you know better than absolutely every central bank and organizations like imf and oecd ? 
  i form my opinion on facts and expert opinions , not some random guy on the internet . 
   because that 's what happen when you cut foodstamps and welfare . 
  clearly they have not cut enough seeing as how we are seeing a growth rate of 2,8 % and 2,4 % for the u.s and u.k respectively in 2014 . 
  let 's see how hollandes `` socialist '' france is doing . 
  0,9 % growth rate ?
