  sweden is building 8 times more road than us every year , and that without road tolls . 
  in norway new projects , which there has been more of , are mostly financed using road tolls . 
  railways are also something which we need to build more of . 
  right now it is the `` intercity triangle '' which is the most debated when it comes to rail . 
  this is a `` triangle '' of railroads that run from oslo to skien , lillehammer and halden . 
  they are planning to build double tracks on all of these streches , but it will take 10 years to complete . 
  this is a major discussion , how long it takes to build things . 
  mostly because of bureaucrats wanting a say in everything . 
  - health : there is a problem in norway with long waiting lists for patients . 
  some parties want to buy services from private hospitals to get rid of the queues . 
  there are also big problems with bureaucrats in the health sector . 
  the doctors say they use more time on papers than on operating patients . 
  - dependancy on oil and the country turning uncompetative : because of the oil , our wages have gone skyrocketing . 
  at the same time the taxes and other charges have increased , which creates a spiral of increasing costs . 
  norwegian wages are 60 % over the european average and this causes problems for sectors that are n't connected to the oil and gas sector . 
  - eu/eea and agriculture : there is of course some people that want out of the eea . 
  at the same time the two largest parties want to join the eu . 
  even though that is the case , most people want to keep it the way it is now . 
  even though that means we get no vote in the eu parlament and have to pay the same prize as eu countries while not getting the full benefits . 
  agriculture is also a popular topic . 
  the ruling coalition government has the centre party ( farmers party ) in it . 
  this party is not very fond of the eu and is very protectionistic . 
  they are the ones who added the 400 % toll on imported cheese and other agriculture products . 
  each year we use 2,5 billion euroes to subsidize agriculture which isnt profitable at all . 
  the cost goes to the consumers , which have to pay the highest food prizes in europe , and has the least amount of products in our stores . 
  if you are not in the city you only have 1 ( ! ), 
  brand of milk , which comes from the farmers cooperative . 
  in the cities you may get two brands . 
  - immigration : this is one of the hottest topics in our debate climate . 
  there is some resistance from the eu opposers which say that workers from the eu are `` stealing '' jobs from our youth and pressing the wages down . 
  the construction sector is now containing mostly eastern european workers . 
  some people question the qualifications these workers have and if they get payed a proper wage . 
  we also have the typical asylum debate . 
  a recent hot topic was about asylum seekers kids which have to leave the country even if they spoke norwegian and were integrated into the society . 
  in most of the families that get sent out the parents have given wrong information to the authorities when it comes to their identity . 
  this is also related to how long it takes to get an answer on the asylum application . 
  in other words , bureaucrats . 
  there has also been a roma/gypsy debate of what we should do to the ones who come here to beg . 
  some people want to try and help them while some people know it does n't work and want to get them out of here so we can rather help them where they come from . 
  - environment and drilling for oil outside the lofoten islands : the three largest parties want to drill for oil outside the lofoten islands . 
  many people are very concerned about what will happen to the environment in this area as it is a very large fishing area . 
  many people fear a large oil spill . 
  on the other end people want the oil age to last for a long time and think this is a golden opportunity for the northern parts of the country to bloom . 
  this is a region which have suffered a large population decrease as the young people want to move to the cities . 
  wow , that turned out to be a long text !, 
  these are the problems which appear the most in the media . 
  the life without oil is a problem which i think does n't get as much attention as it should . 
  other than that there is n't that many other problems which i can think of right away . 
  no problem !, 
  if there is anything else you want to know , just ask !, 
  if i am not mistaken , does n't the state pay the rest of the wage ? 
  i think i heard that if you are working in a 50 % job because of the troubled economy , you get the rest payed by the state so you get payed a 100 % job wage . 
  another thing you have to remember is how the unemployment and state finances are very stable compared to other countries in europe . 
  they have calculated that our state budget will go in to a deficit in about 10-15 years . 
  first of all the welfare will have to be reduced and the public sector will have to be shrinked . 
  the current government have no plans at all for what to do without oil . 
  the opposing parties want to increase spending on education , innovation and infrastructure . 
  i still think we will be able to get a smooth transition because the oil money will slowly reduce . 
  another thing you have to remember is all the engineers and highly educated people who work in the oil sector can be used to build up industry . 
  we also have a lot of energy and thorium that can export . 
  our state owned company statoil is also doing great abroad and can tax the money here . 
  i think we will do just fine , but i would like to see more focus on this issue in our politics . 
  it will have to lead to some unpopular decisions , but some of them will have to be necessary . 
  without the money from the oil fund , our state budget runs with a pretty big deficit , so public spending will have to go down , a lot . 
  yup . 
  actually a lot of companies are moving production back home as it is n't as profitable to produce in countries like china anymore . 
  also robots are helping the production here . 
  i know of one shipyard which moved from poland to norway as the robots were 20x more effective than manual labour . 
  not to mention generally the infrastructure in western countries is very reliable . 
  oil is a pretty nice thing , 
  i do n't understand how someone would complain about your infrastructure . 
  i am pretty sure it is the best in europe . 
  atleast us norwegians have a reason to complain about our infrastructure :(, 
  and does well , 
  in other words the same thing that happends in my country ? 
  but then it is of to overpaid jobs and benefits in the un system . 
  not to mention they do n't pay taxes either . 
  sounds like a luxury problem . . 
  there are companies who do import cars from especially germany . 
  you can get savings up to 9000 euros on some cars . 
  that being said , there are some problems when it comes to warranty . 
  and some of the cars are n't `` winter editions '' which lacks better batteries to cope with the cold in the winter . 
  the taxes are added when the car enter the country , which means you are relying on a low base price for it to be profitable . 
  a lot of the taxes are old ones which the politicians havent bothered to remove , mostly because they bring in a lot of money to the state , actually around 7,6 billion euros per year . 
  on the other hand only around 3 billion euros are used on roads , and a lot of it is road tolls . 
  i kid you not , some of the taxes are so called `` luxury '' taxes which were meant to hurt rich people since they were the only ones who could afford cars . 
  if i am not mistaken the norwegian public was allowed to buy a car without having to get permission from the state in the 1960s . 
  some swedish politician called norway `` the last soviet state '' , and when it comes to cars it really seems like it . 
  in the end i can tell you that the new vw golf base price is 30 877 euros !, 
  when you get to see norway in the summer with blue skies it is all worth it . 
  another perk with living here is that if you do get tired of the weather you can go on a cheap vacation and feel like a king abroad with all that purchasing power  since i live in the northern part of the country the winters get really tiring because of the darkness . 
  the fall is pretty shit aswell with lots of storms , but it makes things exciting . 
  the spring where i live is non-existent as the change from winter to summer happens in a few weeks in may . 
  the summers where i live is really tragic , right now it is around 12c and it stays that way for the entire week . 
  if you want consistent weather you got to go to oslo where you get 20c almost every day in the summer . 
  c'mon , in the summer it is n't that bad , atleast not in the south-easthern parts . 
  they just had the driest july in many years with many consecutive 30c days . 
  in the north we had a great may and june with temperatures around 25-30c . 
  in the winter though it is n't as pleasant , but that is just because it lasts for so long . 
  tesla has said they very going to put up charging stations in the largest cities in norway .
