  always suprises me how far behind a lot of western european countries are when it comes to small things like this . 
  i was a little mistaken . 
  there is no fixed fee in currency conversion , but there is a small currency premium . 
  there is a small currency premium , but i do n't really notice it since stuff is so much cheaper abroad anyways . 
  i have read up a little bit on the terms of the card i have . 
  it has no fixed fee on payment/withdrawal abroad , but they do charge a small currency premium . 
  but as you said , i do n't really care as things are so much cheaper anyways . 
  with cash it 's no problem though . 
  i always withdraw it in the airport before i leave . 
  usually when travelling abroad i have a little cash on me just in case , so it should be allright . 
  looking forward to it , definitely going on a bar crawl . 
  going to be fun !, 
  it 's pretty nice , 
  how card friendly is poland ? 
  going to krakow in a week and would avoid to walk around with too much cash if possible . 
  my card does n't have a charge for currency conversion . 
  i really do n't find it to be a problem . 
  but then again i rarely look at prices when buying stuff at home either . 
  i 'm rather suprised at how cheap things when going abroad , so i usually get a pleasant surprise when looking at my account movements afterwards !, 
  not if i decide to pay in euros instead of nok . 
  when paying in euros i get the bank rate , and not the store one which is usually higher . 
  that 's so wierd to me . 
  i ca n't even remember the last time i paid for anything by cash . 
  travelled to ireland a few weeks ago and it was no problem paying with card there either . 
  it 's just so much easier . 
  so the euro is much stronger ? 
  that is n't always a good thing . 
  i do n't understand the last argument . 
  when i travel abroad changing currencies does n't really bother me since i usually pay with card anyways . 
   i 'm sick and tired the way they talk down the scandanavian welfare state . 
  [ do they really though ? 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21571136-politicians-both-right-and-left-could-learn-nordic-countries-next-supermodel ), 
  or because people do n't want to be governed by a dictator ? 
  like european tourists then ? 
  a lot of europeans are ignorant about the u.s. also i do n't see how the family and mortage thing is exclusive to the u.s. 
   i 'd say surprising but it is a country with the lowest moral code possible when it comes to business so sure , good for them . 
  that 's a harsh claim . 
  i do n't think they have a lower or higher moral code when it comes to business compared to their neighbours . 
   excuse me for looking out for my own interest . 
  in what way does switzerland interfere with your own interest ? 
   they have n't yet done it but i 'm expecting them to do so so in other words they have n't broken anything ? 
   the `` free movement of persons '' is what they 've de facto broken by insisting to renegotiate it whilst the eu clearly is n't interested . 
  since when did renegotiating mean breaking an agreement ? 
   source ? 
  [ median wage ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_median_wage ) . 
  adjusted for [ cost of living ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=netherlands&amp;country2=switzerland ) . 
  you are in other words 45 % poorer than the swiss . 
   i only look to aspects that are relevant to me , my country and the european union . 
  i do n't care whether a country builds schools in africa or south-east asia , that does n't affect my judgement of them at all . 
  very egocentric views you have . 
   what i care about is how countries treat international agreements they 've not only signed but ratified as well for example . 
  can you give me an example of an agreement the swiss have broken ? 
  the netherlands is n't poor in it self . 
  but in comparison to the swiss you are . 
  their wages are more than twice as high . 
  norway is disliked by many eu politicians since we are very protectionistic , especially when it comes to agriculture and fishing . 
  regular people do n't really care about these things though . 
  i honestly see now reason why people should hate switzerland . 
  i do n't go around saying i hate the u.s even though they have done some stupid shit in the past . 
  i guess i could find something that would make me hate the netherlands if i wanted . 
  but i look at a country as a whole , and not small aspects of it . 
  they 're wealth comes mainly from their manufacturing industry . 
  i guess other europeans hate them because they are rich and successful unlike most of europe at the moment . 
  or they are n't as good when it comes using protection as the rest of europe . 
   they claim some gdp benefits but nothing that can be quantified for the average worker so ca n't see how it makes anyone better off why not ? 
  gdp rankings are a very good indicator of how wealthy the citizens are . 
  why would a gdp growth from ttip not bring wealth for the average person , while gdp-growth without it would ? 
   then you have the fact our markets will be opened to more american food standards which to me seem lower quality than that european produce . 
  if you have taken a look at the ttip website you would have known that eu standards will remain . 
  in many cases u.s standards are higher than eu standards . 
   i mean just go to the us and taste their food , vegetables taste like nothing , meat is crap , cheese is crap . 
  and then i will be the asshole asking every food establishment `` where they source their beef/chicken '' because i do n't want to be eating chlorine washed or steroid infused meat so yes that is how it will make peoples lives worse the food i got in the u.s was the same quality as i experienced in europe . 
  also again , if you take the time to actually read the ttip website you would know that your concerns have no place in reality . 
  read up a little yourself instead of blindly following the hivemind . 
  we are actually talking about an agreement with the u.s. . a modern first world nation that takes their standards seriously . 
  i would me more conserned if it were a free trade agreement with china or india where standards are way below what we have here . 
  i have no idea . 
  people who are bored i guess . 
  are those numbers before or after tax ? 
  just a little fun fact , if we would have had this conversation last summer the norwegian median would have been $ 70 500 a year . 
  the usd has increased 20 % in value against the nok since then !, 
  according to [ statistics norway ] ( http://www.ssb.no/en/inntekt-og-forbruk/statistikker/ifhus ) the median household income is $ 58 730 after tax . 
  implying you ca n't do that in the u.s too . 
  another thing , are you really taxed 50 % of your income ? 
  you are getting absolutely robbed . 
  i would n't count on that . 
  we probably earn more than the median american here in norway , but our prices are easily double . 
  in purchasing power they are without a doubt richer . 
  us real wages will and are already starting to grow now as the unemployment rate goes down . 
  just another nail in the coffin in relation to eu countries . 
  which does n't matter if everyone is poor . 
  in the u.s those who have a low income still has a pretty alright life . 
  i highly doubt you would want to be poor in romania , poland and greece in comparison to the u.s. 
  completely agree . 
  i knew / r/europe had a left-wing bias , but really ? 
  some of the arguments for the agreement is actually pretty reasonable , and people still downvote them since it does n't confirm their bias . 
  this sub really has gone to shit . 
  so it 's not ok if a person 's assets are seized abroad , but when a company 's assets are seized it 's ok since `` it ' t the best for the country 's people '' ? 
  how will ttip make people 's life worse ? 
  there is no point of talking sense in to their heads .
