  [ that is simply not true ] ( https://www.ssb.no/97014/median-inntekt-etter-skatt-etter-fylke-og-husholdningstype.kroner ) . 
  the poorest parts of norway is on the inlands ( oppland and hedmark ) . 
  even i as a norwegian is shocked at those tax rates . 
  straight out robbery !, 
  the ones i have talked to have earned around 8 pln per hour which translates to 16 nok per hour . 
  the lower cost of living is without a doubt a contributing factor . 
  when the norwegian krone was very strong against the euro you could basically buy luxury houses for quite cheap in southern europe . 
  to a certain degree . 
  for example does groceries cost around 3 times less here in poland compared to norway . 
  however a store employee in norway earns nearly 10 times much as one in poland . 
  aberdeen is the heart of the british oil industry . 
  a lot of highly paid oil workers . 
  yes our alcohol taxes are stupid . 
  people do n't seem to mind though . 
  the prices are steep , but most people just suck it up since they do have the money . 
  compared to what people earn you will not break the bank by buying it . 
  probably the reason why people accept it . 
  hopefully it will change in the future !, 
  well to be fair your location will probably increase prices because of transportation costs . 
  but i have met people that have visited iceland and said the prices were basically the same as here in norway . 
  exchange rates do of course have a lot to do with it . 
  but how do the wages compare to the prices if we look at local purchasing power ? 
  do they add up ? 
  pretty sure the uk does n't have the ip tax loophole that luxembourg has . 
  it will be different since mcdonald 's will have its royalties sent to the u.k and therefore taxes the profits there . 
  in google and amazon 's case they only had operations in the u.k and sendt the profits elsewhere . 
  assuming wages and vat is higher in denmark . 
  now how much revenue does the alcohol tax bring ? 
  i would assume it is more than what the nhs spends on alcohol related incidents . 
  what i find interesting in norway is the huge difference in retail vs pub price . 
  in the store you might find one of the cheaper beers at $ 2,8 per can . 
  however in the pub the same beer will cost you $ 8-9 . 
  that is actually higher than in norway where the alcohol tax is $ 2,33 per litre . 
  i guess in the long run that is better than being broke and unemployed . 
  i am glad norway is n't on that list . 
  it would make finland seem sane !, 
  do you have any arguments against it ? 
  now what if there is few qualified candidates to fill that position ? 
  in the global marketplace the people messing around with excel adds more value to the economy than the scientist that most likely is paid by public money . 
  now if that scientist makes a huge discovery and is able to provide the benefits to the marketplace by selling it through his own company he will be a multumillionaire too . 
  what if they are able to find work but the salaries ca n't compete with the west ? 
  it 's still need for them , but they ca n't compete with countries that are much richer because the money simply is n't there . 
  it 's not just to `` pay people accordingly '' if you do n't have the ability to have nearly as high of a revenue as you could if you had a business in for example germany . 
  take a doctor as an example . 
  how can the romanian state pay him the same amount as the german state ? 
  it 's simply impossible within the budgets that are available . 
  does that mean that romania does n't need doctors then ? 
   they were not paying taxes or contributing in any meaningful way . 
  what if they indeed did pay taxes and contribute , but they moved because the salaries could n't match those in the west ? 
  like is the case for many with higher education . 
  you do n't earn a lot of money by `` doing nothing '' . 
  people also seem to forget that physically working hard does n't matter if it does n't create a lot of value . 
  in the end work is valued after the value it adds and the labour supply . 
  that 's why a ceo earns more than a store assistant . 
  the ceo has much more responsibilty than the store employee and there is less people that can replace him/her . 
  you pay the same as you would when renting . 
  however you end up getting the added benefit of owning property that increases in value . 
  so you will pretty much be in a net asset position from the first mortage payment to the last . 
  also if you have dual incomes a mortage can be paid of reasonably quickly . 
  both h\u00f8yre and arbeiderpartiet supports eu-membership . 
  that is common knowledge in norway . 
  however the vast majority of the population is against membership so eea is the closest they can get the eu . 
  i think brende is exaggerating the commitment norway actually has to the eu . 
  it is correct that we have the four freedoms . 
  however it is wrong that we have to implement all directives . 
  we also pay very little compared to countries of similar size and economy . 
  it has to be said however that his party is very pro-eu so that is probably why . 
  centre-left would probably be a better description . 
  it varies greatly between different polls . 
  a little under a week ago this [ poll ] ( https://www.nrk.no/norge/malingen-siv-har-dromt-om-1.13254843 ) put frp at 16,5 % and the conservatives at 25 % leading to a majority for the current coalition . 
  now it will be exciting to see how this changes after the budget agreement . 
  it 's still some time until the election and things can change in one way or the other !, 
  that 's a result of not going full left or right . 
  scandinavian politics is so moderate and consensus based that it 's almost kind of boring . 
   actually , that 's largely because the tax burden has slowly migrated from the upper class to the middle class . 
  that 's not really true . 
  [ for example in the u.s the top 2,7 % accounted for over 50 % of total tax revenue ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/04/13/high-income-americans-pay-most-income-taxes-but-enough-to-be-fair/ ) . 
  meanwhile the bottom 60 % paid only 5,7 % of the taxes . 
   ( at least when it comes to economy ) i would highly disagree . 
  when it comes to economy they are conservative , socially they are more around centre . 
  for example has our conservative government in norway cut taxes quite significally . 
  our corporate and income tax rate stood at 28 % when they got into power . 
  now it is 25 % and getting lowered to 24 % next year . 
  the plan is to lower it further to 23 % by 2018 . 
  not to mention the shift from the public to the private sector when it comes to welfare providers . 
  it 's the exact same thing that happened in norway , and now our cities are suffering from it . 
  also too bad they are going to close down and\u00f8ya and move the planes to evenes . 
  it 's not like all the competence is going to follow the planes now that the employees are stuck with houses worth less than debt . 
  another blow to our maritime surveillance ... 
   that 's probably why so few people in europe will say : `` hey , let 's do british food tonight ! '' . 
  i do n't know . 
  tikka masala is pretty popular . 
  credit cards and mortages is n't something exclusive to the u.s. first of all credit cards are no problem and can actually provide a lot of discounts and benefits if you pay it off before interest . 
  also mortages means that people are owning their own houses instead of renting , something that is a much better position to have . 
  student loans are again nothing exclusive to the us . 
  i take a four year education here in norway and when i am done i will have around 27 300 euros of debt . 
  [ something that is actually higher than what the median american ends up with ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/research/the-typical-household-with-student-loan-debt/ ) . 
  sweden and the uk is also countries where student loans are common . 
  [ if we look at total debt levels , it seems like a lot of european countries are knee deep in debt . 
  ] ( https://data.oecd.org/hha/household-debt.htm ) denmark for example has almost 3 times as much debt !,
