  i would imagine that without subsidies we would see larger farms instead of the smaller ones . 
  production might as well have been the same . 
   in case shit hits the fan nobody will prioritise exports over local needs . . 
  it depends . 
  if shit hits the fan all over the world that may be the case , but most often it is n't . 
  the world is producing way more than it needs and i 'm sure that in the event of a food shortage it would end up going to the highest bidder . 
  the only really realistic threat as far as i see it is a blockade . 
  if it makes you feel better it would have been worse under pretty much any other system . 
  poverty is relative . 
  poor people in the western world do have access to everything you need to survive . 
  oh yes how the people of western europe and northern america suffer . 
   i 'll have my cheap , one of the best in the world health care systems in the world vs the us pandering to the insurance companies , any day of the week . 
  in norway i get to choose between mediocre public healthcare or if i want i can go to the private market and buy better healthcare . 
  it 's almost like the u.s where poorer people get their healthcare cost covered by the government . 
   i 'll take my cheap 500 euro per year education vs the us 40k per year education any day of the week . 
  any week of the year . 
  or if you are in the u.s you can choose to go to a cheaper state college instead of a top university . 
  the extra money and opportunities could of course make the extra cost of the private school worth it . 
  it 's the same here , i could choose the cheaper state school . 
  but going to a private school like the norwegian business school could give me better opportunities in the future . 
   so no , those two systems are not equal or equivalent . 
  you know this does n't have anything to do with capitalism at all ? 
  rather it 's a question of how the state prioritizes its money . 
  are you free to start a business in your country ? 
  are the corporations in your country owned by private owners for profit ? 
  can you live of capital in your country ? 
  if the answers are yes , then you are just as capitalist as the u.s. 
   food : need massive subsidies and state intervention to keep the supply steady and regular not really . 
  look at new zealand for example where they do n't subsidize farmers . 
  the reason why most countries do however is to ensure domestic production and because farmers are good at lobbying . 
   but when it comes to guaranteeing the pillars of modern life it fails miserably . 
  you have n't come to think that states themselves can be capitalist ? 
  the energy market in the nordics for example is very free with both private and public companies selling their energy on a common market . 
  for example nord pool spot for electricity . 
   making sure that everyone has what they need and we think for the future does n't pad quarterly profits enough . 
  are you really sure about that ? 
  if you go on the stock exchange you will find that companies are priced out of the expectation for future income . 
  that 's why pharmanautical companies and for example tesla is highly priced despite having low or even no profits at all . 
   and ? 
  if your leaders are less competent than you are , you 'll have problems at the horizon . 
  a lot of politicians nowadays are not really competent since they come straight out of a career at the youth party . 
  what saves them is a competent bureaucracy . 
   a lot of the right that is succeeding nowadays is talking about protecting workers from foreigners and cheap foreign labor . 
  that right is successful . 
  usually they advocate for lower taxes and a more business friendly environment as well . 
  that 's because people think that the difference is larger than it is . 
  in fact do many europeans countries have a more free version of capitalism than the u.s. 
  i 'm assuming the type of capitalism you find in every western country . 
   there 's no need to placate the poor anymore because they have no ideology to rally behind and therefore are no longer a credible threat to the ruling elite . 
  or because people have it so good nowadays that they do n't want to risk instability in return for ideology . 
   why would you demand for a left wing politician to be poor ? 
  well they do always talk about the working class . 
  ironically the working class have turned right as the left wing politicians seem out of touch with the problems their traditional voting base encounters . 
  a communist victory here would probably cause most people to question the sanity of their fellow citizens . 
  i think it works pretty well so far . 
  nothing, 
  you could argue it 's the opposite considering left wing ideas often goes against liberty and the right to have private property . 
  as someone who grew up in northern norway , you have no idea what bad roads are . 
  well , [ you could do like this guy ] ( http://www.tv2.no/a/3932409 ) . 
  i would imagine that speed bumps must not be so high that street legal cars ca n't get over them . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  as long as you stay south of trondheim that is . 
  it 's not like there are literally mountains of snow here ... 
  that is of course in combination with student loans and grants which are about 100k a year . 
  it has to be said though that if you work as a fisherman , 4 months is enough !, 
  you only need to work in the summers though . 
  it 's easy to earn up to 40k or even more . 
  then you have about 140k a year to live on , which is manageable . 
  living here is pretty cheap . 
   many young people are living paycheck to paycheck or wasting money . 
  my experience is that it 's not really the case . 
  pretty much anyone i know work in the summers or part-time and have plenty of money saved up . 
  i am a student and live pretty well , which means that i go in minus pretty much every month except the summers and the start of each semester . 
  but in the year as a whole i go in plus . 
  there are of course people that are not responsible with their money , but i do n't see how this is relevant when it comes to the financial crisis . 
  if you have a job it 's easy to save atleast 500 $ or more each month and still live comfortable . 
  if you live paycheck to paycheck it 's your own choice . 
  i can get a large warm lunch for 60 nok at my university cafeteria . 
  eating on a cafe is much more expensive though . 
  not really financially ruined here in norway . 
  to be honest i did n't notice much of it . 
  he 's right though . 
   the truth is denmark is much more socialist than america , but not pure socialist because pure socialism can only exist in theory , not reality . 
  even considering denmark has a more free economy and a better business environment than the u.s ? 
  it will be interesting to see what will happen when the loss of tax revenue from the ev incentives will be too much to balance the budget . 
  they do n't want to stay in the u.s anyways since they do n't get those welfare payments like they do over here . 
  i think he was referring to the antibiotic resistance . 
  why not ? 
  the norwegian government has run large surpluses the last decade so the excess money get put into the fund for investing . 
  it does n't get used on pensions either . 
  there are loads of different oil companies operating on the norwegian continental shelf including bp , exxon , shell etc. 
  the state owns part of statoil , but the rest of the shares are publicly traded on the oslo and ny stock exchange . 
  what would make norway socialist ? 
  it 's more similar than you think . 
   of course norway is one of the most capitalist countries , i know that . 
  that contradicts nothing that i said . 
  so you would argue that the u.s is also socialist ? 
  we ca n't afford it , that 's why we are a capitalist country . 
  norway is n't socialist though . 
  there is nothing socialist about private ownership of the means of production , market economy and being able to live of capital in it self .
