   who cares about the unemployment rate if poverty is on the rise and extreme inequality is on the rise ? 
  poverty is extremely relative . 
  `` poor '' people in the u.k have it better than most of the world . 
   with a lot of respect , it seems that the british elite have forgotten that . 
  so what do you think they should do instead ? 
  the state of the british economy is miles better than the rest of the eu . 
  wage increases will happen soon as the job market will strengthen . 
  that 's really awesome . 
  i 've heard that it has catched on in some countries , but that it 's so well known surprises me . 
  it 's great that we can help with weather forcasts to our fellow european brothers !, 
  really cool . 
  it 's probably the best weather website . 
  but i guess i 'm a bit biased since i 'm norwegian . 
  wait , croatians use yr.no ? 
  til, 
  i love denmark as well , too bad they speak with a potato in their mouths . 
  makes their women less attractive . 
  it 's true . 
  the members of our previous social democratic government had 16 times larger fortunes than the members of our current conservative government . 
  it 's very ironic indeed . 
  it 's not always bad . 
  the most important thing however is that you need competition . 
  privatizing a service without competition does n't make for a better service . 
  on the other hand privatisation in sectors with competition will almost always be benefitial . 
   tl ; dr conservatives can be cunts wierd how us norwegians have had a copayment which is over twice as much as 7 $ with over 70 years of labour governments ... 
  they 're not far of in oslo either . 
  houses go for several hundred thousand over rate before the bidding process has even begun ... 
  is n't that how things are everywhere with a multi-party system though ? 
  when voting for a party you are usually pretty aware of what other parties you indirectly support . 
   and who do they favour instead ? 
  other rightists . 
  liberalism is a right wing ideology , just like conservatism . 
  it 's just close to the centre . 
  socialism and social-democracy . 
   if you start portraying views that are actually left of centre ; more worker 's rights , stronger unions , worker ownership , and so on , you will get downvoted as a filthy , dirty soviet fanboy . 
  not in the main subs . 
  reddit circlejerks over europe , not the u.s to say it that way . 
   yeah man , she only destroyed everywhere that was n't south-east england , what a lovely woman . 
  as far as i 'm aware there is still plenty of economic activity outside of london as well . 
  but it comes to no surprise that a global city gets a lot of attention by national politicians . 
  the classic rural vs city debate is something we find all over the world . 
  it 's the same in norway where i live . 
  people from outside of oslo always complain about them getting all the attention and money . 
  large left wing majority ? 
  you 're shitting me . 
  are you really denying it ? 
  it 's crystal clear how much hate there is for conservatives in general compared to left-wingers . 
  just look at how much support abbot or cameron has on this site ...  thatcher got elected because that 's how the power structure of the uk is orientated . 
  anywhere north of london got fucked so hard in the ass , she 's the primary reason there 's even a debate on scottish independence . 
  it 's mainly northerners who are angry because of the mining subsidies that got removed . 
  it was needed though . 
   of course , the people that have n't seen the after effects of the massive dump she took on humanity do n't understand what she did . 
  she basically saved the u.k 's economy , what a disgrace to humanity !, 
  assuming she got elected 3 times in a row i would say that the majority of people were happy with her . 
  on reddit it 's different though since it 's a large left-wing majority . 
  [ denmark is actually one of the best countries in the world to do business in ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ease_of_doing_business_index#ranking ) . 
  quite the opposite of socialist actually . 
  i think an independent scotland should focus on renewable energy instead . 
  also remember that becoming independent would require some effort which means that i doubt you would turn a surplus right away . 
  the best years of oil production is sadly over . 
  it 's just too late . 
  another issue is that there is n't really a majority for turning scotland independent . 
  it will be interesting to see though . 
  i would say small towns that lie `` in the middle of nowhere '' . 
  typically with less than 1000 inhabitants . 
  i have relatives that live in a small town pretty far from any larger places that have fiber broadband . 
  this is despite the mountains and long distances . 
  it 's usually power companies who cooperate with isp 's to expand the network . 
  it 's a really good deal since it means that the government does n't have to spend tax money on it . 
   generally , small towns in latvia have fiber optic connection , the areas surrounding these town generally have decent internet connection . 
  does n't really surprise me when taking into account how small latvia is . 
  is there really that much to gain from it now though ? 
  our fund was created in 1990 which is quite som time ago . 
  our oil production is already declining as well as investments in the petroleum sector . 
  i do n't know what the situation is on the british continental shelf , but i ca n't imagine it being much different . 
   but it gives you a currency you can use far more easily in large amounts . \u00a8 we sell our oil in dollars so it 's not really something that we lack . 
  on the website of our sovereign wealth fund it also says this : `` the majority of the investments are in developed countries , with a high percentage of government bonds denominated in euros , dollars , pounds and yen . '', 
   but obviously norway does n't need to spend a lot of money at once so they have no real reason to invest in us treasury assets . 
  if we were to use a lot of money domestically we would use nok anyways . 
   define a rural area . 
  according to wikipedia : `` in general , a rural area is a geographic area that is located outside cities and towns '', 
  i kinda figured . 
  it 's ok , 
  they own tiny amounts of it though . 
  american debt is a very safe investment , but it does n't give high returns . 
  is n't really that tempting when you want good returns . 
  for the eurozone no doubt . 
  but in norway we already have 2,2 % inflation . 
   we also did the whole loop through brass dsl cables . 
  so ya 'll europeans are just lazy to give in to the optic fibre master race . 
  in the cities sure . 
  but what city in europe does n't have high speed internet ? 
  fiber in rural areas is where it 's at , and here us scandinavians are on par with romania , if not better . 
  #norwayproblems :(, 
   here in norway we could use the oil fund but what about the rest of europe ? 
  pretty sure that would n't be a good idea inflation wise . 
  you kind of have to built a lot from scratch when under 50 % of your population actually has access to the internet . 
  something like that yes . . 
  electronics , electricity and diapers are the only thing that comes to mind . 
  most other things however are pretty expensive ...
