  it 's much easier for you to address these flaws though . 
  ireland , luxembourg and the netherlands are leaving ? 
  which does n't make much sense considering some of the biggest tax havens are located in the e.u. 
  not necessarily , but the freshness is very different . 
  i really struggle to find it in poland i must admit . 
  maybe it will improve in the summer . 
  huh , i 've never had that happen to me . 
  my impression is that polish drivers are good at stopping on pedestrian crossings . 
  [ petroleum and electronics it seems like ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/nor/isl/show/2015/ ) . 
  like people want socialism , but also want to keep their macbooks ? 
  definitly true . 
  i often skip buying vegetables here in poland because often it is just plain rotten . 
  good quality fruit and vegetables is something i really miss about norway . 
  in capitalism no one claims you are equal with everyone , quite the opposite . 
  the scandinavian countries are some of the most capitalist countries in europe though so i would disagree . 
  in norway it 's pretty easy if you have a valid reason to do so . 
   yeah i guess if you can build anything anywhere it 's good for companies but who wants a chemical factory as a neighbour ? 
  just because the procedure is fast and easy does n't mean you can just build a factory wherever you please . 
   not being responsible for anything is great now ? 
  the whole point of starting a limited liability company is to limit the personal responsibility for the shareholders . 
   i 'm surprised they do n't take into account the ease of firing employees and do n't give negative points for high salaries . 
  it 's pretty easy to fire employees in scandinavia and we score pretty high . 
  denmark is even known for their `` flexicurity '' labour model . 
  high salaries is n't a negative thing for businesses if the productivity of the worker exceeds the cost of hiring them . 
  if i am not mistaken these industries was dying anyways . 
  i do think the u.k is better off with their current service industry . 
  kind of impressive considering you have the second highest taxes in europe !, 
  belgium does n't have universal healthcare coverage ? 
  the only way for them to get away from poverty is to produce and trade . 
  what do you expect ? 
  to pay them $ 20/hr just out of the blue ? 
  as opposed to being a farmer getting paid less and being one bad harvest away from starvation ? 
   but then i hear about how terrible the fruit is there not really . 
  honestly one of the things i miss from living in norway is actually having good quality of fruit and vegetables . 
  the quality here in poland is absolutely horrible in comparison . 
  in norway it is profitable but at the same time subsidized . 
  so i guess it adds up . 
  because it is impossible to enjoy your job and be happy about your pay ? 
   yes , but they 're not the top brass , are they ? 
  depends what you mean with top brass . 
  for example has my dad worked in the military for over 30 years and he is n't even being affected by the cuts , yet he is amazed how stupid the management is . 
  there is a culture in the military of people being afraid of voicing their opinion . 
   are they complaining about their jobs or our strategy ? 
  the strategy . 
  if the choices made actually would have made sense they would support it . 
  i do for example think people with 20 + years of experience working on the p-3 orion aircraft would have the necessary competence to question the move to evenes , which if you have ever flown into yourself would know is not ideal for military operations . 
   i agree that there are clearly negative aspects and consequences , but i have to trust that the leadership is looking at the bigger picture . 
  how can you trust the leadership in the military when they show their incompetence time and time again ? 
  \u00d8rlandet is billions over budget , olavsvern which cost millions to build was sold for pennies to the russians , frigates with outdated technology being used for spares and last but not least the nh90 helicopters which should have been delivered nearly a decade ago ? 
   sorry , that 's just silly . 
  is it though ? 
  the parliament voted for moving gil ( generalinspekt\u00f8ren for luftforsvaret ) to bod\u00f8 , yet it is still in rygge and looks like it will be in the future too . 
   i 'm not sure having them in the north would help us much . 
  let 's just let the north burn again should we , just like ww2 . 
  sadly people living in the south is pretty ignorant in this subject . 
  what is an army without helicopter support ? 
   if the russians attacked they could hammer us from the air and sea far too quickly . 
  if we still had coastal batteries and anti-aircraft systems we could put up quite a fight . 
  remember norway , and especially the north is a hard place to occupy . 
  that 's how norway resisted the nazi 's for 3 months . 
   having the helicopters in the rear [ and undamaged ] could possibly be a wise move ? 
  at least we would be able to move troops and equipment where we need it . 
  there already is helicopters in rygge , why do they need all of them ? 
  according to the lawmakers it 's so they can support the police . 
  but they are barely used for that as things are now . 
  [ from april 2013 to the summer 2016 the helicopters in rygge has been dispatched on police missions 15 times . 
  in the same time the helicopters at bardufoss has been dispatched 182 times to a variety of missions ] ( http://nordnorskdebatt.no/article/la-helikoptrene-fa-bli-pa ) . 
  they play a crucial role for the civil readiness in the north , and now the politicians just wants to tear it down without any replacement . 
  and for what ? 
  to support the 5 missions a year ? 
  do you need 18 helicopters for that ? 
  as you can see i am very passionate about this topic . 
  i grew up in a region that has always been close with the military , and it really saddens me to see more and more installations being abandoned . 
  the most frustrating is that when you argue against it you get responses back saying that we only want to keep it because of the workplaces ( district politics ) . 
  the abandoned towns is just a sad side effect , the real effect is vastly reduced combat capabilities . 
  the people i know that works in the military in the north are not happy at all . 
  evenes being chosen as the sole base in the north will be a massive mistake that will cost the tax payers billions . 
  the generals are hanging out in the south though and i guess there is no surprise why they want all the bell 412 helicopters stationed at rygge which leaves the army in the north without helicopter support . 
  does n't work to have equipment when you do n't have bases to operate them from . 
  i still struggle to see the logic of basically eliminating the defence capabilities in the north where they are the most needed . 
  i do think that is the exception rather than the norm . 
   enemy will have to spend an extraordinary amount of resources just to create a campaign . 
  it certainly was the case before the iron curtain fell . 
  the strategy was basically to fight for a couple of weeks and hold the line until reinforcements arrived . 
  something that we probably would have been sort of able to do if we used all our capabilities . 
  today it is only for putin to drop a few green men in central locations and he would pretty much have taken the country with ease . 
  not really familiar with government employees being paid minimum wage . 
  we spend so much money on equipment that we ca n't afford actually using it when we get it . 
  like the brand new frigates that are being used for spare parts . 
  i ca n't speak for germany but i know that for norway this is n't really true . 
  our military today is pathetic compared to back in the 80-90 's where we actually had quite the power compared to now . 
  loads of coastal batteries , an actual navy and airforce in addition to an army that actually had manpower and artillery . 
  now it 's nothing and it just gets worse and worse as time goes by . 
  the politicians claim that is getting better , but the military does n't agree . 
  how does raising the minimum wage require the government to spend money ? 
  in the private sector it kind of is . 
  no company will waste millions of euro/dollars on a ceo that does n't provide them with results . 
  the rest of europe needs to step up their capitalism game !, 
  i can assure you that a ceo works more than a normal worker . 
  while the normal worker goes home at 4 the ceo often has to work longer and be on standby at any time .
