  thanks for that link , that was a gorgeous little mental vacation . 
  i would really recommend it . 
  landing on small 800 meter runway is an experience in it self . 
  just imagine how it is in the fall and winter when the storms starts rolling in !, 
  seeing norway from the air , especially when it 's nice weather is amazing . 
   just come to southern california and tell them your norwegian , and they 'll never leave you alone ill make sure to remember that , 
   so let 's say a murican wanted to spend two weeks in norway . 
  how much realistically would a typical day cost if you only used hostels , public transportation , and cooked most of their own food ? 
   and to be honest , i 'm more worried this than i am about prices . 
  most people have lots of trouble meeting people who are n't natives : / estimating a price per day would be difficult . 
  it depends on if you are doing the exploring all by yourself or if you go on tours . 
  actually cooking your own food is a good call , as eating out is very expensive . 
  be aware however that food can be expensive even at grocery stores . 
  prices on public transport can differ a lot . 
  if you want to see the most of the country you have to go by plane . 
  a great deal is to buy the [ wider\u00f8e explore norway ticket . ], 
  ( http://www.wideroe.no/en/tickets/explore-norway-ticket ) if you are travelling locally there are plenty of options , atleast south if trondheim . 
  between the large cities in the south there are both train and bus connections . 
  if you want to see the scenery ( which i assume ) this is the best option . 
  train tickets can if booked in advance , cost as little as $ 33 . 
  i do n't know the prices on hostels , but they are a good choice because hotels can easily set you back 130 dollars per night . 
  i would assume hotels give you atleast half the price . 
  if you do cook the food yourself i could see around 100-160 dollars per day being realistic . 
  if you want to know the price of a specific item or food , i can try to find it out for you . 
   and to be honest , i 'm more worried this than i am about prices . 
  most people have lots of trouble meeting people who are n't natives : / well , if you are travelling you are most likely not going to be interracting with the natives as much . 
  that being said small talk is pretty much non-existent . 
  we do love tourists though and if you have any questions most norwegians will be happy to answer them for you . 
  almost every norwegian speaks great english , so it should n't be a problem . 
  to be even more liked , make sure to compliment something about our country , we love to hear what foreigners think !, 
   if you really want to get to know the natives , go somewhere with alcohol . 
  that 's where we open up . 
  another good thing for you is that your american accent get 's the ladies   so true , my viking friend . 
  mexican women are dynamite ( the thin ones at least ) , which is why i want more undocumented workers here !, 
  i must admit to have a little soft spot for latinas aswell , 
   really ? 
  i always imagined nordic women to be just as attractive as swedish women . 
  maybe it 's a `` grass is always greener '' thing . 
  i have to be honest here . 
  most norwegian women are just as pretty , but more pretty women does n't hurt , right ? 
   you should come and visit one day , just remember to bring with you a lot of cash . 
  norway is very expensive . 
  when i say that , i mean that nyc prices did n't bother me at all . 
  actually most things except real estate are cheaper there . 
  but seriously , swedish people are awesome , not to mention their women !, 
   but we are quite naive . 
  i 'm sure that 's what happens when you live in a sheltered corner of the world with a high quality of life and peace . 
  i would n't mind . 
  the majority of swedes are very kind people . 
  maybe that 's what got them in to trouble in the first place . 
  i actually have no idea what went wrong . 
  for a long time sweden was a country we looked up to because of their innovation and good solutions on problems . 
  now it 's become an example of what not to do . 
  i wholeheartly agree . 
  luckily for us over the border things have n't gone so wrong . 
  i actually get scared when i look at swedish newspapers , they are so politically correct . 
  you ca n't even criticize the immigration policies without being labeled a racist and right-wing extremist !, 
  funny thing is how people are still wondering why people vote sverigedemokratarna !, 
  that may be the reason why they are predicted to fall far behind on the [ human development index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_future_human_development_index_projections_of_the_united_nations ) the next years . 
  i bet stoltenberg would be pissed !, 
  haha , i think it 's pretty well known that our state treats us like kids , 
   a fluke story which said that the eu were going to ban licorice pipes because of the association between candy and tobacco , caused an 18 fold spike in the sales of licorice pipes . 
  lacorice pipes are actually banned in norway ... 
  i like the way swedish has this smooth flow about it . 
  it 's very comfortable to listen to , so it has to be my favourite !, 
  aww :d, 
  not even in the top 50 ... 
  are they really ? 
  take a look at the unemployment figures and state finances for example . 
  election on the 9 . 
  september . 
  pretty much the only thing being wrote about on the news . 
  political debates pretty much every day . 
  i figured , 
  something like that ... 
  exactly !, 
  `` local purchasing power in netherlands is 1.80 % higher than in norway '' clearly that does n't make us richer ... 
  maybe you do n't . 
  but i think several people are interested in seeing the different cost levels around europe . 
  just like someone compared the netherlands to germany . 
  no need to get upset . 
  [ haha , we have it even worse !, 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=norway&amp;country2=netherlands ), 
  my friend who works as an intern in oslo pays almost 950 pounds for a 1 bedroom flat . 
  and that was one of the cheapest in the whole city . 
  yeah , life is though in sweden ... . 
  oh yes , us norwegians have no problems at all with our trains . 
  and the railroads are very well maintained aswell . 
  it is n't like some stretches are closed for several months at a time because the railroads are in such bad shape ... / s, 
  but i want to be able to wear shorts and a t-shirt in the summer :(, 
  the finnmark inlands can get pretty hot in the summer though . 
  kirkenes and kautokeino comes to mind . 
  i live on the coast in the north and hate the climate . 
  i think the climate in oslo is perfect for my liking , atleast the summers . 
  ( not too hot , but not cold ), 
  i can start off by saying that despite what people think there are some problems in norway aswell . 
  these problems are more about how public services are run . 
  since there is an election in one month ( 9 . 
  sept ) these are the things the parties want to fix : - infrastructure : the infrastructure in norway is in need of a serious upgrade . 
  there has been a few reports that have stated that we will have to use around 77 billion euros to get the roads to a decent european standard .
