  and there will always be that way . 
  it is n't all about hard work , it 's also being there are the right time and providing a good product . 
   building a business from scratch into one of $ 10 million revenue is exceptional . 
  feel free to document otherwise . 
  it is , but there is a lot of those businesses so it is far from impossible . 
  but once you have a good and established position in the market you can expand much more easily . 
   so you agree that his earnings depend on his position , rather than some virtue on his part ? 
  i do n't see how you can shift the responsibility to people , saying `` you could have such a job , if only you were talented enough/worked hard enough/were savvy enough to lick the right arse '' . 
  that 's not true , there is a limited amount of job openings for ceo 's - it 's a zero-sum game , so the usual counterargument against inequality is n't even possible here . 
  but you have n't considered that it takes a lot of work to actually aquire that position ? 
  most people in high paying positions have a high education or is very good in their field . 
  you ca n't expect someone with mediocre grades with an art degree to aquire a ceo position after a few years . 
  but does everyone need to be really rich ? 
  people have it very good in most western countries . 
  the standard of living for the poorest should be the correct measurement . 
  and despite what reddit wants to believe , it is very high in the u.s. . that does n't mean that there is n't any issues with poverty and the like , but things really is n't as bad as people think . 
   rags to riches stories are exceptional . 
  feel free to document otherwise . 
  that 's because people only talk about the super rich . 
  even if you live in a smaller town there is always someone who has started a successful business . 
  if you start a business which have $ 10 million in revenue you would still be pretty rich . 
  there is a lot of these businesses . 
   and what about the people who did work hard but did n't become rich ? 
  sadly being rich does n't depend on how hard you work , but what responsibility and value you create . 
  when a decision a ceo makes affects thousands of employees and billions of dollars it is no suprise how he is paid more than a employee at a retail store . 
  so a decisions that involve risking thousands of employees and large profits are not worth more than a factory worker ? 
  they are far more than you think ... 
  most rich people do n't flaunt their wealth though . 
   i have many friends who are between $ 40,000 and $ 80,000 in debt after a bachelors degree . 
  that 's 239000 nok to 479000 it 's not totally unrealistic to have the same amount of debt when you graduate here as well . 
   and most likely , you are going to be working a low end job that pays between $ 8.00 and $ 15.00 an hour if you only have a bachelors . 
  i bet it depends a lot on which degree you have . 
  you will not get a super high paying job here either if you have a degree in something that has no demand . 
  then you end up with a job that has no relation to your studies while having debt . 
  it sucks . 
   and i have been to norway . 
  your roads are just as bad as the shitty freeways and surface streets in most of california . 
  and yes , it is much cheaper for us to own cars , but in ca , we need them . 
  we have virtually no public transportation . 
  and our urban sprawl is hilariously i highly doubt your roads are just as bad . 
  i have been to the u.s and the roads are much better . 
  i have n't been to california , but i find it hard to believe how they can be much worse considering there is n't any `` winter '' there . 
  also it is only in the two or three largest cities you can rely on public transport here . 
  even there it has a hard time coping with rush hour . 
  i live in a smaller town in northern norway and you absolutely need a car here . 
  distances are long and public transport is pretty much non-existent . 
  the funny thing is that those places that have good public transport , usually have decent roads as well . 
  the rest of us have to deal with the worst of both worlds . 
   we also have waits for the doctor . 
  my brother has hepatitis c ( his liver is damn near dead ) , and he ca n't get a doctors appointment until august . 
  if it 's true then it is quite sad . 
  but this does n't really seem to be the norm . 
  americans who come here are often shocked that they ca n't get an appointment the same week . 
   only the poorest of the poor get any kind of scholastic financial aid that is n't loans . 
  and for those of us who are lower middle class ? 
  those loans carry about a 6.8 % interest rate . 
  i find it hard to believe you have to pay 6,8 % interest . 
  the fixed interest rate have gone down the last few years . 
  if you have a floating loan i assume the interest ca n't be that high considering the low interest rate the central bank has set . 
  not to mention student loans are very risky to lend out and the terms are extremely flexible . 
  this means that if you have trouble paying them of you can get a really low monthly payment . 
   we do have tax brackets here , but the middle class pays about 25 % . 
  most people i know here who earn middle class wages pay around 36 % tax . 
   and we also do n't get much assistance from our government for things like school , parental leave , etc. 
  does n't this vary a lot by state and employer ? 
  norway is very good for workers rights no doubt . 
  but in the end we pay a lot for it . 
  owning a car here is a good example . 
  it 's expensive as hell . 
  you pay $ 2.66 a liter for petrol and a regular family car with a small engine and almost no extras will set you back $ 50k . 
  when you take in to consideration that we have the worst roads in western europe it hurts especially bad . 
  then you then factor in the cost of real estate you understand why we have some of the highest household debt in the world . 
  for young people to enter the real estate market is pretty much impossible without help from parents . 
  also people must stop thinking everything is free here . 
  school is free until highschool , but when you start studying you have to take out student loans to handle the high cost of living . 
  healthcare is another thing that is n't free . 
  you have to use more than $ 350 a year on healthcare to get it free . 
  also the healthcare is pretty average and there are long queues for simple treatments . 
  i had to wait over a month for a doctors appointment for example . 
  after that i had to wait almost two months to get the treatment at the hospital . 
  sure enough it was n't a serious procedure , but it 's still very annoying . 
  especially considering the amount of taxes we pay . 
   yeah , but norway is also one of the most expensive places to live in the world . 
  you have much higher wages to help balance that . 
  for me , $ 150 is about 3 days wage after taxes . 
  we have to pay that as well as much higher taxes . 
  that 's what i think is silly . 
  also the wages are n't really that much higher when comparing purchasing power . 
   income in norway is quite a bit higher than us income ; only after purchase parity adjustments are they comparable . 
  as such , if you 're paying as much in nominal money for your surgery , you 're paying a lower portion of your income , and thus the treatment is effectively cheaper than in the us . 
  sure but it 's not much difference . 
  but one would think that paying for healthcare would n't be needed seeing as how we pay a much higher tax rate here to get these services . 
   indeed . 
  i had to have an ingrown toenail lasered off . 
  between the surgery and anti-infection ointment , it cost me $ 150 . 
  does n't seem too bad . 
  had the same problem in norway and still had to pay a similar sum all in all . 
  2,33 $ for a 0,5 l bottle of coke in norway ... 
  we pay 2,33 euros for a 0,5 l bottle in norway ... 
  the funny part is how people have no problem with 80 km/h speed limit on a mountainous and narrow road , but they are totally against 110 km/h on nice and wide motorways ...
