  and let 's face it , since it 's france there are also large mansions etc where the rich live . 
  every country has poor areas . 
  poor people often have other problems that makes them poor in the first place . 
  but if we look at incomes there is no doubt that a `` poor '' american is much richer than a poor pole . 
  being poor in the u.s still makes you rich in poland . 
  are you seriously implying that the poor in poland live better than the poor in the u.s ? 
  poor americans probably have the same standard of living as the polish middle class . 
  i live in norway . 
  roads are in very shitty condition . 
  well and the swedes of course !, 
   seems like the world bank report is about the presence of infrastructure , not so much on the quality of it . 
  clearly because otherwise norway would be waaaay down on the list considering rail and roads are in bad shape . 
  the u.s has better infrastructure than here generally . 
  norway has always been one of the richest countries in europe ... 
  sounds interesting as my experience living in scandinavia is pretty much the polar opposite . 
  they get them from the u.k ? 
   nicer clothes are air dried , your more regular clothes you put in the dryer . 
  i am guessing norway is similar because of low population density ? 
  because it seems like europeans from benelux region do n't bother with dryers at all . 
  do n't know exactly why this is the case . 
  however scandinavians tend to be more `` americanized '' than europeans further south . 
  when it comes to living detatched housing is the norm , especially in norway . 
  we do have more space so houses tend to be larger over here than in benelux . 
   is it more common for norwegians to live in houses or apartments ? 
  [ according to statistics 7 out of 10 norwegians live in detatched houses ] ( https://www.ssb.no/en/bygg-bolig-og-eiendom/statistikker/boligstat ) . 
  you should come to norway . 
  sounds like something you could do with no problems !, 
  using both racks and a dryer is common here in norway . 
  the rack for clothes that need finer treatment and the dryer for clothes that can handle it ( underwear etc ) . 
   electricity is the least common source of energy for heating as it 's the most expensive one so i would n't attribute electricity usage to house insulation . 
  electricity is the most common source of heating here in norway . 
  but then again electricity is cheap over here . 
   finland in its infinite wisdom thought that it would be a good idea to sell state run infrastructure to private investors . 
  and now people are paying the bill with these fucking monopolies . 
  do n't think that it would be any different with state owned companies . 
  in norway most power companies are run by the municipality . 
  over the years they have payed billions in dividends to the municipalities . 
  now the infrastructure is getting upgraded and since the companies have not been able to save equity , they have to put the burden on the consumer through the transmission fee ... 
  that 's brutal !, 
  when it comes to space you get quite a bit for your money over here . 
  however it will depend on location . 
  a 200m2 house with good standard will vary from # 125k in a rural area to # 850k in the oslo suburbs . 
  must be very difficult for british youth to enter the housing market i imagine . 
  even over here where it 's reasonable compared to the u.k housing costs have risen quite a bit making it harder to enter . 
  that depends here in norway as well . 
  the apartment i 'm renting at the moment has water and internet included in the price . 
  electricity comes extra , but it 's only between $ 25 - $ 50 a month depending on the season . 
   houses above 200m2 exist in the nordic nations but they are not common . 
  detached houses usually have that size . 
  the house i grew up in was around 210m2 and it was similar to the rest in the neighborhood . 
  however in cities most people live in apartments or row housing . 
  i assume that this is not that common in the u.s considering the urban sprawl . 
   but on average land is much cheaper in the us as its still so abundant.so housing by price is still very cheap . 
  yeah it used to be this way in norway too . 
  now a house will cost an arm and a leg . 
  i do n't want to see european electricity bills . 
  i pay 0,036 $ / kwh here in norway . 
  but then again the transmission costs makes the price double ... 
  do n't you dare to take the wooden houses away from us !, 
  to be fair houses in central europe is in general quite small and many people live in flats . 
  the houses in the nordics are more like the ones in the u.s and canada . 
  houses over 200m2 are pretty common . 
  so it depends on where in europe you are located . 
   in norway they even have government employees patrolling the bars and expelling if your ` party factor ' is too high ( i.e. 
  to drunk ) . 
  never once come across one of these government employees . 
  it 's usually the bar staff that get rid of people that are way too drunk . 
  that 's the case in most countries i have been . 
  so mostly it depends on the bar . 
  some of them are very strict while some do n't give a fuck . 
  wow , that 's actually worse than here in norway !, 
  guess they are more used to it . 
  i worked as a cashier at a supermarket here in norway and i dreaded everytime someone payed with cash . 
  i 'm sure 9 out of 10 people paid with card . 
   paying with plastic is also more time consuming . 
  that 's interesting as that is one of the reasons i do n't like to pay with cash . 
  you end up with the cashier having to count the right amount of money , and then you have to handle it with coins more often than not ending up on the floor . 
  i guess that really depends on location . 
  most people use debit cards here in norway , but credit cards are in no way rare . 
  many people use them to get discounts in certain stores etc. 
  depends on your definition of socialism . 
  cause it 's pretty despised here in norway atleast . 
  scandinavia does n't have a socialist system so i do n't see what your point is . 
  same here in norway . 
  even my grandma pays for everything with card . 
  looking at the night sky must be awesome in north korea though . 
  no light pollution !, 
  yet people are somehow ok with that ? 
  in the winter i have a consumption of around 800-900 kwh per month . 
  i would have been ruined as a student if i had to pay danish prices !, 
  taxes i agree with . 
  but paying a little more in transportation is n't always a bad thing as having a reliable energy grid is crucial in a modern country . 
  that 's brutal . 
  i pay 0,8 nok or 0,08 eur per kwh here in norway . 
  consumption taxes hurt the poor more than the rich though . 
  not cheap to build dams either yet we have half the amount of tax . 
  at the same time we have a decentralized country which leads to a higher transportation costs . 
  still electricity here is dirt cheap . 
  especially in the north where it 's tax free . 
  yes , we would have to pump in loads of money in to the economy to keep it artificially floating .
