   isds is about suing for violations of the trade agreement , particularly for perceived ` lost profits ' , i.e. 
  countries implementing regulation that companies claim would negatively affect their profit . 
  no it 's not . 
  read the quote i posted earlier . 
  if this is what you genuinely believe then it 's no wonder why you are against it . 
  too bad it 's wrong . 
  i was just saying that in isds it 's always the company suing the state , so counting settlements as ` in favor of the company ' is perfectly reasonable . 
  obviously it is as government suing a company would happen through national courts . 
   germany is very efficient , but competing with america will not end well . 
  they already are competing . 
   we can compete or fail but either way prices will be forced lower . 
  maybe even below production value . 
  germans and western europe in general already competes with countries that have much lower production cost . 
  for example is it 80 % cheaper to produce goods in poland compared to norway . 
   right . 
  as someone with a degree in an economics-related field i can also tell you that most economic academics are full of shit . 
  good argument you have right there . 
   most of them obsess over mathematical models to the point where they disregard real-world data . 
  you mean real world data like wages , wealth and productivity ? 
   western europe is capital-rich , labour-poor , so they expect wages to go down and interest to go up , from increasing free trade . 
  how can that be the case when wages have increased in western europe as well ? 
  in fact i would argue that it 's the free movement of labour that 's the biggest threat to wage increases , not the movement of goods . 
   so , how is this good for us again ? 
  more wealth , prosperity and freedom for the consumer . 
   this man is unlikely to be on government payroll except in cases like this , while he is extremely likely to end up on corporate payroll , especially since they keep lawyers on retainer . 
  so ... you be the judge . 
  and the lawyer hired to argue for the state is paid by the government . 
  is n't it logical that the lawyer fights for the party that hires them ? 
  what would be your alternative ? 
  genuinly curious . 
   it might not be as much as they wanted , but they still got more than they had before the case . 
  let 's say we 're talking about an expropriation of a privately owned factory . 
  the factory is worth 200 $ million but the government decides to take it without compensating this amount . 
  if the company gets a settlement of 100 $ million it 's not exactly `` ending up with more than they had '' . 
  rather that 's 100 $ million that has to be depriciated in the company 's accounts . 
   also , keep in mind that countries do n't sue corporations in isds , but in court , so all settlements in isds are countries paying to corporations . 
  countries are free to sue corporations using their own legal systems . 
  in fact , it happens all the time . 
  how ? 
  by importing more from it making it an even larger fish ? 
   i 'm saying it 's a conflict of interest that he works specifically in the field that he is supposed to be objectively judging . 
  could n't you use the same argument when it comes to the host country choosing their own lawyer ? 
  is n't that a conflict of interest ? 
   a settlement is not in favor of the state , it 's still in favor of the company . 
  not really considering the settlement ends up being a compromise . 
  for example if the company gets much lower compensation than it originally wanted . 
   i 'm all for a big free trade agreement , but not at the cost of national sovereignty . 
  welp , you 're already in the eu so that has already happened . 
   if they want my support , do n't do secret negotiations behind closed doors . 
  then you are against most agreements i assume . 
  the same way political parties can call themselves socialist while running a capitalist platform . 
  why will it be too late to change it ? 
  like any other agreement or legislation it has to be open for a public hearing where the public can comment on it . 
  after that these concerns will be adressed and changes made before your national government votes on it . 
  when it 's done it will probably take months or even years before it 's done going through 30 different governments . 
   to be honest , i 'm not sure if `` never getting a trade agreement '' is such a bad thing . 
  it 's a wide consensus among academics that trade agreements are beneficial for a country . 
   i do n't see much benefit for europeans in these deals , mostly just benefit for corporations ( including european ones , yes ) , but that wo n't ` trickle down ' . 
  i 'm sure eastern europeans would disagree with you on that . 
  wages keep on increasing . 
  the same in china and developing countries in general . 
   do you believe this lawyer , who specializes in corporate and business law , will find work after judging a case in favor of a country ? 
  first of all . 
  is n't it a good thing to have a lawyer that knows the laws in question ? 
  why would a company be subject to other laws than corporate and business law ? 
  second of all , there must me a lot of unemployed corporate lawyers running around considering the [ majority of isds cases goes in favor of the host state ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/investor-state_dispute_settlement#modern_practice ) . 
  very interesting considering german exports would thrive under this deal . 
  how can they hide something that does n't exist yet ? 
  [ it 's only germans and austrians that are opposing it . 
  ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/files/2015/01/ft_15.01.20_ttip_420.png ), 
  [ looks like you are in a minority ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/files/2015/01/ft_15.01.20_ttip_420.png ) . 
  why european citizens in particular ? 
  considering the eu is a massive export power i would assume it would be the opposite . 
  i also find it funny that you somehow believe capitalism is n't just as alive and supported in europe as in the u.s. we 're the birthplace of it god damnit . 
  and i assume you have a source ? 
  if you did i would be very surprised considering it 's not even finished yet . 
  reddit is heavily anti-ttip so it does n't prove anything . 
  i do n't see how isds will change much . 
  first of all states can be sued by companies already , which is fair . 
  at the same time you have eu courts that already impose fines on states because they treat companies unfairly . 
  fair enough . 
  i would still argue that it 's highly subjective . 
  you can have a pleasure cooking , enjoying and sharing hamburgers for example . 
  ate one yesterday actually . 
  god tier hangover food !, 
  good food = good cuisine though . 
  implying pizza and pasta is n't the greatest food in the world . 
  maybe they should stop attacking their employees and rather work together with them like we do in northern europe . 
  instead of creating an `` us vs them '' situation . 
  denmark has really flexible labour laws and they do just fine . 
  i totally agree . 
  there was a report released today actually by the military that showed what they had to do to keep running with the low budgets . 
  basically three strategic military bases in the north are proposed shut down . 
  it 's a fucking joke that all governments since the 90 's should take responsibility for . 
  ironically our previous pm is the leader of nato now and encourages us to reach the 2 % target . 
  under his government our defence spending went from 2 % of gdp to around 1,5 % where it has been sitting for the last 10 years . 
  that 's because people have a tendency to leave out huge parts of europe like op did here . 
  scandinavia and european russia are huge parts that are left out . 
  when you only show half of europe it is n't really that surprising . 
  it 's really funny how they call denmark socialist considering your telecom market is so competitive that the companies struggle to make money !,
