  it 's high compared to what we 're used to , but in comparison to other countries we 're doing pretty good . 
  not to mention it 's mostly centered on the west coast . 
  in the county where i live ( troms ) the unemployment rate is 2 % . 
  or low oil prices ? 
  unemployment is dropping in most parts of the country and the general unemployment rate is expected to fall the next few years . 
  taxes and regulations in the `` city of london '' are the same as in the rest of the u.k. 
  not really an issue in norway as most jobs pay well . 
  also most people do n't care much about these tax returns , only the media does . 
  and the media hype dies after a few days of it being published . 
  we grow salad in greenhouses in the arctic here in norway . 
  even more so in the south . 
  is it not a thing in sweden ? 
  it shows income after deductions . 
  so you do n't get a good look at the actual income . 
  it could be 10-20k eur higher than listed for all you know . 
  does n't show deductions in norway either . 
  it only shows income ( after deductions , so very hard to know the exact income ) , wealth ( net wealth , so most people are listed at 0 wealth since primary homes are only valued at 25 % of market value ) and taxes paid . 
  so all in all you do n't get much information . 
  american candy is pretty popular in norway . 
  skittles , m&m 's etc. 
  they are made in europe though . 
  so is the eu market . 
  try being an african farmer trying to sell products to the eu . 
  happened to me in krakow . 
  when my ride ended the price suddenly spiked making it more than double . 
  i pointed it out though and he put the price back down . 
  no tips for him though . 
  do n't see how their eu membership status would change their membership in esa . 
  we 're in esa without being part of the eu , something i would guess most people support . 
  countries like hungary that has actually built a wall ? 
  there are plenty of lunatics in the eu so i think we 'll be fine . 
  russia borders the u.s to the west . 
  also the u.s has political and economical interest in keeping europe stable and safe . 
  doubt that eu members that are part of nato would resign in droves if an eu army become a reality . 
  especially in the east where the us is popular because they have shown willingness to defend their countries . 
  because there are non eu-countries that are part of nato . 
  in addition it 's wrong to say that nato 's problems is only european ones . 
  i doubt it would . 
  there are non eu members that are part of the alliance . 
  if it came to an all out war i would trust the americans to support us rather than an eu army . 
  why would the us have to choose in the first place ? 
  the us commitment to nato will stay the same . 
  luxembourg has a very low tax rate for intellectual property income . 
  so it 's a very popular transfer pricing destination . 
  well if only italy had a serious enemy maybe it would be . 
  so much for european unity i guess ? 
  depends on what part of the country . 
  in the south-east where most people live it 's nice and warm . 
  on the west coast it 's rainier and slightly colder . 
  in the north it 's usually shit but it can get pretty warm some places . 
  agreed , that 's why summers in scandinavia is so great . 
  around 20 degrees every day . 
  how is it a `` problem '' that people look at the eu in a critical way ? 
  it 's healthy and should be encouraged . 
   sweden , for example , sometimes feels threatened by russia and might be more open towards the idea of an european army , as an alternative to joining nato sweden is already cooperating closely with nato . 
  i do n't see how the alliance would just watch sweden getting occupied in such a scenario . 
  especially considering it is close to important nato installations in the baltic and norway . 
   also , they are more community-minded than uk in general . 
  they have created one of the best welfare states in the world . 
  how would they like to hear from an italian politician that they need to do things differently ? 
  i think you underestimate how proud scandinavians are of their societies . 
  i do n't see sweden and denmark opting for more integration either . 
  kind of wierd considering they are not the only ones sceptical of the eu . 
  how are you going to fund your country with a massive deficit that the english are currently covering ? 
  does the state subsidise it ? 
  in norway the national railways has a profit of $ 216 million , but it does n't show that the tickets are heavily subsidised . 
  that 's nice and all , but how does it lead to a `` european '' culture ? 
  it looks like it 's the opposite . 
  me as a norwegian can feel a certain relation to the other scandinavian countries , but that 's about it . 
  i would n't call myself scandinavian as even between our countries there are differences that one ca n't ignore . 
  but what does it mean to be european ? 
  southern european countries and northern european countries are different in so many ways so how can it be merged into one european identity ? 
  good management , rule of law and efficient administration does n't come by itself . 
  even though people disagree with how things are being done , there is a pretty wide concensus among how the country should be run . 
  we are also united in the fact that we were not truly independent before 1905 . 
  that 's one of the major reasons why we are so opposed to any union . 
   not op either . 
  think about it as moving from a state to another in us . 
  pretty sure that moving from one state to another is way more similar than it would be to move from for example norway to greece . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i felt more at home in america than in southern european countres . 
  that 's why feeling european is very foreign to me . 
  i 'm sure most nordic people would agree . 
  but what does it mean to feel european ? 
  i assume that varies a lot between country . 
  if i speak about my country i have never met anyone else that did n't identify as norwegians unless they had immigrated here . 
  considering how well we are doing here most norwegians are also filled with pride because of what we have achieved . 
  the vat is kind of a revenue tax to be fair . 
  what are european values in the first place ? 
  does anyone actually feel european over their own nationality ? 
  the whole idea of that seems very strange to me . 
  internet in southern europe is generally shit . 
  probably affects the average quite a bit . 
  it 's usually the slowest package deal you get with fiber in norway . 
  to get better speeds which the fiber supports you need to pay more . 
  i do n't see the u.k or the eu try to negotiate a bad deal just to spite eachother . 
  that ' a just bad business which benefits nobody . 
  probably because the panic period is over and businesses look at actual developments instead of feelings . 
  there are deductions in countries with lower rates as well . 
  [ it does n't ?
