the czech catholics i 've met say they try to be fairly quiet about their faith in public . 
  they are n't ashamed to fully believe it and practice it , but they sometimes cop it when people find out that they 're not atheists . 
  they 're less popular , but many of us see their value and use them . 
  interesting , thanks for the post !, 
  my girlfriend has been telling me we must go to czechia -- she went last year and has n't stopped talking about it since . 
  when have they had any effect on the life of the average irish person ? 
  good to see you here too !, 
  putting in a grand effort . 
  god bless . 
   sure , if you redefine every alteration into a ` development ' . 
  do you think that the early church ordained women , married people of the same sex , followed medieval catholic liturgical traditions , or even read the bible , which are all things that the danish state church does ? 
  if the way roman catholicism has developed is heretical , how is folkekirken any more legitimate ? 
  even martin luther would despair at the sad state of european lutheranism in 2017 . 
  i live in australia , where the branch of lutheranism is very modernist , and conservative . 
  what do you think about confessional lutheranism ? 
   false , that 's the lutheran church . 
  the catholic church was charged with the corruption of mankind by the devil himself . 
  what is your opinion of the eastern orthodox churches , or high church anglicans ? 
  they do n't submit to the roman pontiff , but they still preserve the same traditions of veneration of saints , and adherence to bishops . 
  western catholic traditions are just evolved , regionally-flavoured expressions of eastern traditions . 
   the rock of the church is christ , not any human . 
  the scripture you linked does n't prove your point . 
  it is indeed ` built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets ' -- matthew 16:18 , ` and i say to thee : that thou art peter ; and upon this rock i will build my church , and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it . ', 
  to deny the legitimacy of the roman church is to deny christ 's own words . 
  he promises to us that hell will not prevail against the church that is [ built on peter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_popes#chronological_list ) . 
  do n't you trust his promise ? 
  peter went on to become the first bishop of the roman section of the church , and [ early church writings ] ( http://www.americancatholictruthsociety.com/docs/ecfpapacy.htm ) show us that even in the second century , the church in rome was viewed with particular importance over the rest , due to its history with peter . 
  this shows us that the bishop of rome 's authority is not self-proclaimed ; it was recognised across christendom even well before the great schism in 1054 . 
  of course , christ is at the head of our church -- the pope does n't save man or exist to his own end . 
  his position exists only to serve man by continuing the role that peter had as the leader of the apostles . 
  the current situation is that the rest of the church has fallen away into pride and self-governance , and refused to submit to the church christ prepared to serve us . 
  if your lutheran bishop changed their beliefs to be in line with the pope , and opted to be reordained , then your diocese would be a full part of the original church again . 
  yay !, 
   luther followed in the steps of christ and ejected the whoremongers and moneylenders from the temple . 
  are you saying christ was wrong in cleansing the temple , and that the true followers of christ should bow their heads before simony and pedophilia because the pope is above them ? 
  i thank and respect luther for doing that . 
  but i do n't believe that corruption in the church 's administration can change the inviolable truths for which it stands , nor break the promise made by our lord . 
  i 'm reminded of a joke that i was once told :  there were two italian men who were best friends , one catholic and the other jewish . 
  they often engaged in religious debates , but both respected each other 's beliefs and remained good friends . 
  one day , after a particularly long debate , the jew proclaimed that he would visit the vatican , and if he liked what he saw , he would convert to christianity once and for all . 
   so the next day , the jew left to go to the vatican . 
  he returned a week later , and met with his catholic friend . 
  ' i entered saint peter 's square , ' he said , ` and there i found a hundred priests running about , threatening people for their money , and cardinals openly having sex with young male concubines through the windows . 
  it was the most disgusting sight i had ever seen ! ', 
   ` suddenly , ' continued the jew , ' i was chased by a priest into st peter 's basilica . 
  there , i was confronted with the pope , lying luxuriously on the altar , drunk on wine , with his fat belly spilling out of his cassock . 
  countless beautiful young women were feeding him fruit and wine and tending to his needs . 
  the vatican was the most repulsive place i have ever visited , and the corruption horrified me . ', 
   of course , the catholic was distraught . 
  ` so needless to say , you wo n't be converting to christianity after all . ', 
   the jew responded , ` of course i will !, 
  your church is so obscenely corrupt , yet has still been able to run effectively and deliver solid doctrine across the world for two millennia , with no signs of slowing -- god * must * have his hand over it ! ', 
  the moral of the story is that corruption in the church does n't mean it 's false . 
  similarly , luther ended up becoming a repulsive antisemite , but that does n't make his arguments wrong , does it ? 
   protestant nations have flourished ever since luther proclaimed his theses , great britain , germany , and the united states became the engines behind civilization and human enlightenment while catholic nations languished in poverty and filth . 
  the monarchs of protestant nations sold their souls to the world and inherited material wealth . 
  that 's nothing to be proud of . 
  worldly power and success is n't an indicator of spiritual wealth , as we know . 
  european protestants countries have now washed up as largely irreligious , secular lands governed by atheists , where very few people actually go to church regularly . 
   there 's a reason why god punished those beyond the pale for their wicked irishness . 
  since when is punishment for sins dealt in the earthly life ? 
  god does n't work through noahic floods -- our inescapable punishment awaits after death , from which worldly power and wealth will not hide us . 
  the idea that god rewards good christians with wealth sounds like something an american megachurch preacher would say . 
  god calls us to shed ourselves of worldly possessions , not be burdened and distracted with more of them . 
  besides , if worldly success is an indicator of protestant spiritual grace as you say , then there are a whole lot of african countries that ought to be much wealthier . 
  i presume you 're a regular attendee of danske folkekirke . 
  is that sort of anti-catholicism still so widespread amongst danish lutherans ? 
  i must confess , i have done a lot of research into the nordic lutheran churches , and i 'm quite fascinated by the practices of den danske folkekirke , such as the priest celebrating mass while facing the same way as the people , and receiving communion while kneeling at a rail . 
  they 're things we used to have in catholicism , but it 's all been watered down in the past fifty years or so , and are now rare . 
  i also really like pibekraven -- i 've quite strongly discerned becoming a catholic priest , and i think those collars could be good to incorporate into liturgical vestiture , perhaps on particular feast days . 
  i 've also come to appreciate many of the hymns of danish writers such as n. f. s. grundtvig , such as ' [ den signede dag ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtnscujcnwo ) ' and ' [ vidunderligst af alt p\u00e5 jord ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tncsrqmnf3c ) ' . 
  anyway , i 'd strongly encourage you to pay us a visit at / r/catholicism and start a thread . 
  it might help you to at least understand the reasons why catholics believe the things we do , such as purgatory , the papacy , and marian devotion . 
  a broader understanding could n't hurt !, 
  my apologies for what has becoming an extremely long message . 
   john howard 's redefinition of the marriage ace in 2004 ( where the marriage act was re-defined as between a man and a woman ) took the power away from states to grant their own same sex marriage laws ( look at the act having it for a few weeks for example ) . 
  that 's false , marriage has always been a federal power ( \u00a7 51 of the constitution ) . 
  act 's act , and i believe a recent south australian act , were overruled because they were in conflict with the federal law , and hence unconstitutional . 
  john howard 's law was introduced because they did n't want legal celebrants doing them , because if it got taken to court , there was no way the government could argue against it , and a legal precedent would have been established that legalised it . 
  it 's just that nobody had tried it before then , because i suppose nobody imagined the existing law could be interpreted differently . 
  out of curiosity , does ` gud ' take a capital letter in danish in the same way it does in english ? 
  it originally surprised me that demonyms do n't have capitals in danish and other similar languages , e.g. 
  i was always used to them being proper nouns in english . 
  is that right ? 
  same sex marriage does n't exist in australia , and last i heard ( please correct me if i 'm wrong ) , the uca does n't officially support it either . 
  also , just to note : it does n't have priests -- as a merger of the presbyterian , methodist , and congregationalist churches , they just have ministers who are n't believed to be sacramentally ordained . 
  as catholics , we must remember that our faith is not based in the bible . 
  it 's based on the tradition handed down from the apostles , of which the bible is a part . 
  in other words , catholicism was n't contrived after somebody sat down and interpreted the bible -- it 's a continually developing tradition that predates the existence of the new testament , and is not bound by the bible alone . 
  protestants hold the bible up and idolise it as an authority in itself , whereas we retain the early church 's system of bishops having supreme authority in their diocese , with respect to the bishop of rome . 
  protestants have separated themselves from this continuation of the early church , out of pride in their own fallible thinking or interpretations . 
  basically , the idea that ` christianity = bible ' is a protestant concept that did n't exist before the 16th century . 
  if nobody had ever protested , it would be ` christianity = bishops ' . 
   the papacy is so holy that it has been sold by the pope the pope is n't muhammad , he 's still capable of sin as much as any human . 
  the amazing thing is that despite there having been popes as corrupt as that , the catholic church has n't altered any established dogmas . 
  lutheranism is only five centuries old , and already has clergy who openly deny the resurrection . 
   the infallible pope shows the world what catholics consider infallible behaviour yes , and john xii is often considered the worst pope in the history of christianity . 
  not surprising , since he was elected through corruption and not through the church 's own processes . 
   sola scriptura means faith in christ and christ alone . 
  the catholic church takes idols beside christ and worship them .
