  in truth , it is nothing but the unholy church of satan . 
  for a group who think the pope is literally the anti-christ , lutherans sure love the roman bible . 
  except the parts they happen to not like . 
  peter was explicitly given authority by christ himself , which is attested in matthew 16 . 
  he was tasked with building a church , against which the gates of hell would not prevail -- the roman catholic church is the legacy of that interaction , still alive right before our eyes . 
  men fredens gud skal hastelig knuse satan under eders f\u00f8dder . 
  teaching authority was left with peter and the rest of the apostles . 
  they were still capable of sin , but that does n't change the fact that authority lies with them through the holy ghost and christ 's instruction ( both what was recorded , and not recorded in the gospels ) , not with the bible or anything else . 
  in short , idolising the bible as being more authoritative and holy than the church christ actually built to fulfil the purpose of serving the faithful is just prideful . 
  christ sent authoritative apostles to serve his people , and with that authority they created systems to continue that lineage . 
  the roman catholic church is the living legacy of christ 's own word . 
  martin luther , and the king of denmark decided they had greater spiritual insight than 1500 years of apostolic tradition and theology started by men who knew christ in person , hence danske folkekirken and other national protestant churches exist now , but they 've stopped idolising the bible and started idolising humanism . 
  because lutherans apparently think the bible just appeared on the ground in the desert at the time of the ascension . 
  i 'm saying that societies that opt for sexual openness tend to experience social problems with it . 
  nobody in history has deemed it necessary to show porn to teenagers in the public sphere , but suddenly that seems like a good idea ? 
  i 'm not a muslim or whatever , i just do n't buy the assumption that such sexual openness is a positive , liberating , and necessary path for a culture to take . 
  i 'm not a feminist , but i do agree there is a huge problem with unashamed sexualisation in western culture , especially ( though not only ) of women . 
  it has had many effects on society , but i disagree that showing pornography to teenagers is a decent or helpful way to tackle the problems they experience because of it . 
  i think it 's even worse . 
  i wish western society could work harder to solve the root issues with the hyper-sexualisation of women , and the impact pornography has on people 's body image , before stooping to this level . 
  well , the pope issued a statement on it . 
  i live in australia and i 'd been keeping up with the story on / r/catholicism . 
  [ here is a video ] ( https://youtu.be/c32brxxx5k8?t=7m21s ) of a traditional chanted mass , for reference . 
  gregorian chant is the traditional style of christian plainsong in western europe ( whereas different styles developed in byzantium and russia ) . 
  here are a couple of examples of gregorian chant : [ dies irae ( commonly sung at traditional requiem masses ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucbm2p6dnvu&amp;list=pld7jt5252jfln-p8sx1tyvw5alkeuevng&amp;index=1 ) , and [ salve regina ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bj4-c3bwsgs ) . 
  / r/catholicism is the closest thing to a vatican subreddit !, 
  i know this is an old comment , but have you ever seen a traditional latin mass ? 
  it 's a much older form of catholic mass , which originated around the 6th century , around the same time as the byzantine divine liturgy celebrated by the orthodox church . 
  it was the standard mass across the catholic church from 1570 until 1970 . 
  i 'm not old enough to remember any of those things , and i do n't recall experiencing much of immigration to ireland , and i 'm not a pvv supporter . 
  the point i was making is that if wilders is a closet racist who uses ` nationalism ' as a cover , i do n't see it . 
  the discussion was about czechia , and you shifted the goalposts by conveniently talking about marine le pen . 
  so i only commented on the one pertinent detail you actually said . 
  i agree with what you 're saying about her , but it 's entirely irrelevant to the topic at hand . 
  the fact is , this whole post is pointless -- if czech right wingers do n't care that the party leader is of a mixed background , why is / r/europe making it into a thing , as though it defies expectations ? 
  it should n't , unless you 're an ignorant person who thinks all nationalists are racists . 
  the people here who are implicitly saying that right wing parties should not have mixed race leaders all seem to be left wingers . 
  the qur ` an is an unquestionable authority in islam though . 
  in catholicism and orthodoxy , the bible is not an authority in itself -- authority is held by bishops . 
  in catholicism , interpreting the bible and treating it as a total authority is actually heretical ( sola scriptura ) . 
  unsavoury things in the bible have no risk of being put into action , except by protestants who do believe the bible has ultimate authority . 
  i think the simplest answer , without mentally gymnastically jumping to conclusions , is that eastern europeans stopped being as much of a problem , and islamic ideologies started to become a problem as more people brought them in . 
  i do n't think that 's suspicious , and it makes sense that a nationalist party would aim to address external forces that affect its citizens . 
  if anything , it proves that it 's not race he cares about . 
   well , maybe not in czechia if it means nothing to czech people , why is it a surprise that a czech nationalist has part asian ancestry ? 
  the only irony i see in the situation is that nationalists apparently do n't care about racial homogeneity , but / r/europe expect them to , so they construct a nationalist strawman that does . 
  i was responding to a statement that the french republic does n't want anything to do with monarchist symbols . 
  the white part of the tricolour is a monarchist symbol , right there in the middle of the national flag . 
  i know france was a constitutional monarchy for a short while , but it is n't anymore , which is why monarchist symbology is apparently frowned upon in the first place . 
  so if the republic is so rabidly opposed to royalism , why do they keep the white strip on their flag ? 
  what about the white part of the french flag ? 
  its origins are in the blank white flag , representing the house of bourbon . 
  they tacked on some symbology of ` liberty , equality , fraternity ' as an afterthought . 
  interestingly , throughout history catholicism has often thrived in places where it has been under persecution . 
  ` martyrs are the seed of the church ' . 
  so it could be argued that the death penalty being used against catholics has helped the church grow . 
  it 's not an opinion . 
  the catholic church itself is the authority , as it is purportedly the organic development of the apostles who were given authority by christ himself . 
  the new testament is a scriptural tradition * of * the church . 
  nobody considered the bible a comprehensive encyclopaedia of christian teachings , nor the sole , supreme authority in itself , until 1517 when martin luther came to that conclusion . 
  until then , nobody disputed that bishops had an inherited right to make doctrine , as long as it was in line with the bishop of rome , and the existing course of church doctrine . 
  the catholic church is not , and has never claimed to be rooted in scripture . 
  the bible was n't just found one day in the desert -- the early church predates the bible , and created it and declared the sacred canon with its own authority . 
  so the belief that the book 's authority is higher than that of the apostles and their successors ( bishops ) is considered heresy , and incompatible with catholicism . 
  catholicism is n't meant to be bible-based , it 's administered by bishops . 
  you 're thinking of protestantism . 
  given what ended up happening , the first revolution is probably the worst example you can possibly use to argue that revolutionaries are n't arseholes . 
  casting aside british values for british disvalues . 
   we can leverage those patterns into more effective policing if you want complaints about police unfairly targeting ethnic minorities , you can certainly do that . 
   is n't it a basic christian principle to differentiate ecclesiastical and secular matters and for pope to not interfere with the latter ? 
  no , not at all . 
  read pope leo xiii 's 1888 encyclical entitled ` libertas ' if you care to know the catholic position/prophecy on liberal and secularist ideologies . 
  since atheist secularists decided that it 's what christ would have wanted . 
  or free the pope from italy !, 
  let 's renegotiate the lateran treaty and retake the rightful papal states !, 
  i do find it interesting how old churches like this one always look historic , and have done since the day they were built , but they will never actually look dated , even after countless generations worth of presence and active use on that spot . 
  meanwhile , houses that are built today look dated and replaceable after twenty years or so . 
  well , brexit was his only motivation in entering politics . 
  once that goal had been achieved , there was no need to stay in . 
  does the fact that he became one really matter ? 
  either way , he is still remembered by history as a man who wanted jews ' homes to be razed and their religion banned , among other things . 
  i did n't say it was uncommon , but luther 's writings on the matter are among the most prominent . 
  that statue was knocked down by the bombing initially . 
  i think it 's quite symbolic , since he was an infamous raging antisemite . 
  he 's also responsible for pushing abortion in ireland . 
  very few irish people wanted it , as has always been the case , but then unpopular pro-abortion campaigns suddenly began to get all this money from shady overseas groups linked to george soros . 
   i wonder why pope francis has not kicked him out of the church . 
  antisemitism should be a no no in the church , and even more in poland :( he 's not a priest anymore . 
  his bishop took action against him and he chose to leave . 
  does anyone know if there any romanov pretenders today ? 
  i know the french throne has a bourbon pretender , who is a member of the spanish royal family . 
  those sassy , condescending headlines piss me off so much ...  `` trump just said his cabinet is ` capable ' . 
  uh , guess again , donny . '', 
   `` republicans have a longstanding problem with pandering , and trump eating a burrito proves it ''  `` twitter users explode with memes and jokes in protest of trump 's latest slip-up ''  `` that settles it . 
  trump is the worst president we 've ever had '' imagine a 1960s tv news reporter starting a story with that bullshit . 
  it 's not news , it 's selective , partisan trite . 
  i 'm not even a trump supporter , but reddit leftists give me the shits . 
  i notice lots of washington post articles as well . 
  it 's suspicious that they rely on the same selection of papers , which happen to be known for their leftist bias . 
  ha , that 's beautiful .
