excellent way of making a joke of yourself . 
  australia wants to cut its ties with us ? 
  please . 
  australia and new zealand are the countries that respect us the most because of the anzac . 
  stop talking out of your ass little fella . 
  lmao , lovely how you speak about assyrians as ` they ' while you are an assyrian as well . 
  are you so butthurt about the whole scenario ? 
  if your people are being genocided nowadays by isis , then take all of your lazy friends all scattered through europe , hoping to live somewhere where you have to work as little as possible for as much money as possible , get your ass back over to syria and iraq and fight for your land . 
  but no , that would be too much effort for people like you , who can just point fingers to other countries . 
  man up . 
  right . 
  because we could threaten the us with economic sanctions . 
  besides , if the genocide happened , it happened 100 years ago . 
  why would the turkish government get into deep shit caused by people who lived 100 years ago in the ottoman empire ? 
  it would only result in lots of costs and maybe paying money for something ancestors from a few generations ago did . 
  no single individual in his right mind would accept it because it does not have any benefits for us at all and the current government ca n't be blamed for something that happened long ago . 
  back to your shitcave mate . 
  well i beg your pardon for speaking the truth then . 
  assuming you are from the uk , i can assure you i have seen plenty of those refugees in turkey to confirm the general opinion of the users here at / r/europe . 
  okay , you think it 's no problem at all to have them in your country ? 
  by all means , we 'll pay the train tickets if you can get all those refugees living in your country . 
  no way you 're gon na lose man . 
  we were already crumbling down a bit against the end of the fourth quarter against germany and serbia is in top shape as always . 
  i 'd be surprised if anyone in this group can get the two points from serbia . 
  no , please , i 'm kinda sick of them . 
  i visit turkey ( mainly istanbul ) a lot for holidays and work , and in my experience most refugees are real cunts . 
  most of them did n't care about being safe , they want a decent job while we should be taking care of unemployment of our own people first . 
  children beg for money and insult you if you do n't give them any and most men are n't really interested in working for a somewhat decent salary . 
  you 're a refugee ffs , not a citizen of the country and you should n't be in istanbul but in a refugee camp . 
  do n't get me wrong , many of them are okay , but things certainly take an interesting turn now . 
  western countries shat on turkey for the past couple of months while we took in  2 million refugees , i 'm kinda glad europe can deal with the shit we already dealt with , the efforts of the turkish people did n't really seem to be appreciated by other countries anyway . 
  genuine question , not like a ` oh yeah ? 
  prove it !, 
  ' , but because of curiosity , as this would give you a point : do you have a source about this ? 
  and therefore you decide to blame turkish intel ? 
  as bad as that intel may have been , at least you got information from a country that reddit likes to call a dictatorship and in bed with the beard guys from the desert at our border . 
  i expected people to at least be a little embarassed and say something like ` well , turkey got bombed by is , and they sent us intel about someone from is and warned us and we did n't do anything about is ' , but instead we get ` muhh intel from turkey bad ' . 
  fucking fuck off , it 's time and again fascinating to see how many people make statements without knowing anything about the situation of turkey . 
  please do n't talk shit about things you clearly do n't know anything about . 
  time and again erdogan mentions how turks and kurds are brothers , and the pkk is trying to divide them up . 
  the national channel trt is available in kurdish as well . 
  so no , kurds are by all means not an oppressed minority . 
  but hey , if you 've never been to the country , it 's very easy to crap about it , is n't it ? 
  edit : seriously , which idiot here downvotes facts ? 
  or , you know , you should take your responsibility . 
  turkey sent intel to belgium before about him , and they let him go . 
  when shit hit the fan , it 's quite easy to say turkish intel was flawed , but at least we had any intel at all on him , in contrast to belgium and the netherlands where they 're busy shitting on their turkish counterpart . 
  you 're kidding me right ? 
  turkey can shut all its borders if it does n't want the shitstorm . 
  but they do n't , which means those people come to turkey . 
  meanwhile they believe that everything is better in the western european countries , so they all leave turkey again . 
  like it or not , it 's turkey who has the balls in its fist at the moment . 
  ` fuck all they can do ' ? 
  all they have to do is ignore the illegal boats that leave the country , and it 's either the burden of europe as a whole , or greece , but aside from a humanitarian aspect , turkey does n't have anything to worry about . 
  everyone i know does it because it is considered unthankful if you touch food and then your ass without washing your hands in between . 
  same reason for not putting your legs on the table if there 's bread on the table . 
  food is considered a pretty big deal , especially bread and flour . 
  you should n't step on bread or on flour if someone spilled it while he/she was preparing a meal or something . 
  i 'm not sure where the habit came from , but i know that people in the netherlands with turkish origin and most people i know in turkey try to live by it . 
  no , no , no , what did you do man ? 
  do n't you know people in this sub are their own source ? 
  and if you do n't like that , come with me so we can go back to istanbul , our camels are waiting at the border so we should be back at home for prayings within an hour . 
  yeah , blame us for a geological location that offers us a grewt advantage but also implies a big risk in the border on the east . 
  meanwhile , we 're good allies of the usa and very important for nato and the western countries are trying to make a deal with us . 
  but by all means , keep believing that we 're as big of a shithole as the country to the east of us , while you 've probably never been to turkey . 
  that 's the southwest , 
  chp with a leader like demirtas . 
  if i was forced to vote , i 'd vote for chp , but they need to make some improvements to make me think they have an actual shot at winning the elections . 
  that 's certainly true , the southeast is much less modern . 
  northeast is okay , cities like trabzon are okay , but not entirely to my liking . 
  just one of them on each visit , my wallet is not that thick unfortunately , 
  the amount of halal hotels is very small and the government has no saying in that policy . 
  it 's just that we are some kind of cheap version of places like dubai and abu dhabi for people who come from arab countries and the touristic exploitants adapt to that . 
  i was in antalya last month and i could n't see more then 5 people wearing a headscarf on the average day . 
  i 'd highly recommend to check it out for yourself , 
  that 's mainly because the last years we get a lot more tourists from northern africa and some qatari 's as well and everyone tries to make a buck out of that . 
  for every single halal hotel , you can probably find at least 50 hotels where i could get drunk every afternoon . 
  i would n't worry about it for more than a second . 
  turkey has a very bad image on reddit for some reason , but especially the western parn of the country is very western minded and everyone i know who has been to turkey agreed that the people are very friendly . 
  as for this matter , as much as i hate erdogan , the guy is at least not an idiot in international matters imo . 
  sure , he started with a lucky hand of cards because of our geographic location , but our international policy is decent , which is an important part of his popularity . 
  whether you visit turkey this year or within five year , you 'll always be greeted with hospitality in a country where an ottoman-based culture is combined with the modern western world , 
  not that i know . 
  i visit antalya/bodrum/fethiye / izmir every few months , but i 've yet to see segregated beaches . 
  the general population of the touristic hotspots would n't like that kind of tourism anyway , as those touristic cities in the western part of the country always vote for chp ( highly secular and aiming to have close ties with the western world ) . 
  there 's some islamic tourism in istanbul , with people from countries like egypt/algeria/morocco who want to see the blue mosque , the cistern basilica and a belly dancing show while smoking a hookah . 
  that 's an important appeal of istanbul , as a place where one can get a taste of the ottoman culture and some history of islam while still being in a very west-oriented city where you can walk to a burger king or starbucks within 5 minutes after having left the blue mosque . 
  i 'm happy that we can have that kind of tourism , but those people either go to touristic beaches wearing a bikini or they do n't go at all . 
  unlike our government partially does , the majority of people really do n't want the country becoming more religion-based  even the die-hard erdogan supporters i know are n't happy with the price of alcoholic drinks . 
  they vote for his policy in general , not because of a religious agenda . 
  stuff like the underground of istanbul , public transportation availabilities , playing the refugee-game quite cleverly by having some leverage on european countries ( where they want visa-free entrance to european countries in exchange for taking in refugees who are already in europe ) , that kind of stuff . 
  so by all means , feel free to visit istanbul , ankara , izmir , fethiye , antalya , bodrum , kemer , to enjoy a country which is much more western-minded than reddit likes to make you think , where you can enjoy a weihenstephaner/budweiser/efes / singha while listening to tarkan and watching our turkish ladies on the beach , 
  / r/turkey tends to be toxic at times as well . 
  they are strongly against erdogan , to the degree that someone who says ` well , there are some things he did correctly ' gets downvoted to oblivion and where you ca n't have a normal discussion if you do n't support chp . 
  i posted a topic there about a month ago i believe , where i said that i do n't support akp , but wanted to get the opinion of others about the political climate . 
  suddenly the amount of people responding was much lower than normal , and when i checked the most upvoted comment was ` tldr ; muhhh islam ' . 
  like the average turkish person , you ca n't talk about politics unless you have the same view as they do . 
  if erdogan is a step back ? 
  in my opinion , yes , but i highly doubt that any other person would have done a better job . 
  erdogan is the president .
