  `` what , me ? 
  nooo ... '' . 
  they keep walking but the one still feels the smell , so he asks again `` dude , are you sure you have n't shat yourself ? '', 
  `` you 're kidding ? 
  of course not ! '' . 
  but the smell persists , so the first one suddenly pulls down the pants of the other one and of course there is a huge brown-green piece of shit entangled his ass hair . 
  `` i knew it , you shat yourself ! '', 
  i thought you were asking about today . '', 
  '' , `` co ja ? 
  '' , `` no co ty , nie . '' . 
  we ( poland ) used to be bffs with them , then we fucked up . 
  i 'd probably pick one of the canaries or madeira . 
  i get a massive `` winter depression '' due to lack of sunlight in poland in the autumn and winter months and summer heat waves are not that much better . 
  from a few trips i can say that climate there would suite me quite well and with some remote work agreement i think i could continue my current job , so yeah , that 'd be it . 
  yeah , we used to have that stuff again and again in poland . 
  i frequently think political situation of ukraine is a lot like poland 20 years ago ( with poland instead of germany ) and russia used a lot of such strategies against poland , so i am not exactly surprised by this . 
  expect gas price hikes to come next . 
  in the memory of late george duke ( died on 5th august ) - rush hour/road rage : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nleezonltpw, 
  linus torvalds , assembly , second reality , demoscene in general , janne ahonen , finntroll , finlandia vodka , sahti , perkele , nokia . 
  yes please and some vienna symphonic library . 
  sometimes on the internet if it is relevant to the discussion and the predominant view in the specific forum is that everyone is american . 
  for example if someone asks why the hell am i using metric system or euro prices . 
  heh , i asked a friend who is into that sort of thing and apparently there are professional polish rugby teams . 
  this one is probably the best this year : http://lechiarugby.pl/strona/, 
  oh , one more thing . 
  i am not in the dating scene right now , but afaik no , it did not leave us at a number disadvantage . 
  a friend of mine , who studies sociology told me that overall there are more women then men in poland and if you consider only the young educated urban population the disproportions are huge . 
  no , i live in warsaw . 
  they used to have it at one shop i knew , but they stopped selling it - at 5 euro it was probably too expensive for most people . 
  since then i have not been able to find it anywhere . 
  true . 
  and sadly that 's probably the better option of the two . 
  failure to modernize and general dissolution of political system in late xvii and xviii centuries . 
  going from this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:truce_of_deulino_1618-1619.png to nothing in 150 years . 
  if i were to pick one particular harm against other nations , i would probably pick the polish - ukrainian relations as a whole . 
  i love halloumi cheese , i ate tons of the stuff during my trip to the canaries , but it is near impossible to buy in poland . 
  there are probably several reasons . 
  first of all , although polish women are rather attractive , polish guys on the other hand - not so much . 
  i am one myself , so i know . 
  we generally do n't take care of ourselves , are often overweight , badly clothed and many consider the buzz cut to be the pinnacle of male hairstyle . 
  combine that with economic disadvantage and frequently poor or non existent language skills and you see that picking up an irish girl would have been quite a challenge , even if some polish guy wanted too . 
  also many male migrants are actually married and go to work in other countries just for a few months a year - construction worker 's pay in western europe is still 3 times that in poland , so you can go to france or ireland during construction season and live of that for the rest of the year . 
  naturally guys who do that are also less interested in romance . 
  still , courts are bending over backwards to not enforce the illegality , deciding that swastika is an ancient indian symbol of happiness and that `` heil hitler '' raised hand sign is a roman greeting . 
  and in the 90 's he tried his hand at recording funny songs in the disco polo genre . 
  it tastes kind of like polish moonshine , so it 's not up everyone 's alley . 
  i think it is beautiful in its own way - a festival during which everybody can get as publicly shitfaced as they want without any repercussions or shame . 
  i wish we had something like that in my city . 
  it has not entered into the mainstream public discourse yet , however ... our current ( conservative ) president in his campaign promised 500z\u0142 for every child in the family . 
  in a typical 2 children family this would pretty much constitute a rather low , but basic income - for comparison my brother in law survives with wife and 2 children on 1300z\u0142 salary . 
  so i suspect polish public would be quite positive about the idea . 
  pretty much the founding myth of iv rp . 
  coasters  probably the most country specific food would be bread with lard ( or schmaltz ) . 
  in one bar i used to frequent in lublin they gave you a slice of bread with lard and hot pepper with every beer , which made you buy another beer to wash it down , which came with another slice and so on . 
  obviously you can also get more fast foody stuff - peanuts , salted sticks , potato chips etc. 
  we will consider it . 
  right now the bid is in a very early stage - we are just sending questions to producing countries whether they would be willing to sell us such weapons . 
  the bid is expected to only be decided sometime in 2017 . 
  the jassm purchase has taught us that one has to start such purchases well in advance . 
  what was a giant failure ? 
  he perhaps meant kidnappings of other romanians/romas . 
  it is often mentioned wrt begging women that they are either kidnapped themselves or that their bosses ensure their obedience by taking away their children and holding them hostage . 
  there is this thing i call `` the myth of a normal country '' . 
  essentially , for the 45 years of communism , there were a lot of absurd peculiarities - like the constant shortages of toilet paper , regular shortages of meat , sugar , 20 year waiting lists for cars or flats . 
  all of those things were grouped under an umbrella term `` in a normal country that would not happen '' . 
  nobody knew what this normal country was supposed to be , most probably they assumed usa or western europe . 
  still the idea kept strong and over the years , even after the fall of communism , every possible nuisance that bothered polish people was added to the set of things that `` would not happen in a normal country '' . 
  today this all has built into this `` myth of a normal country '' - a country in which all the infrastructure is in perfect shape , but no one ever has to suffer due to this infrastructure being built or repaired ; a country where all medical services are free or cheaply available , but there are no waiting lists for them and you do not have to pay any expensive medical insurance to get them ; of course the country has a super effective and strong police force , that is not bound by unnecessary laws so all the criminals fear it , but this police never , ever abuses its powers ; the country also has a powerful military that all the countries in the region must respect , but the upkeep of this military does not drain the country 's treasury ; all of this is financed through a super low taxation and the country has no budget deficits or public debt ; that is possible because bureaucracy and the government are very small and have very low salaries , obviously those low salaries somehow do not contribute to the risk of corruption and despite the small number of bureaucrats every citizen 's need or request is attended to immediately . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  of course , i understand the allure of utopia , but one should recognize that it is utopia . 
  polish people on the other hand do not think they want utopia - they think they only want to live in a normal country . 
  so if you ever wonder why your polish friend is always complaining about something , that is the reason - is living in a normal country too much to ask from life ? 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  a lot of fuss about something that is basically a minor update of the law to make it match current situation . 
  poland used to have a conscription based army , which means in theory all able men and in practice a significant portion of able men have made military service . 
  and we already had a law that allowed those men to be called in for training - not that it happened too often . 
  a few years back we have resigned from conscription , but the law in question was not updated accordingly and became more and more mute , as the younger generation did not made any military service and as such was not covered by the outdated law . 
  of course the timing of the update is dictated by the international situation but for polish people the change is very minor . 
  i for one did not even know about it . 
  the big news of the day is the request to american congress about the tomahawk missiles . 
  probably in that all the stations are transmitting the same placeholder material instead of actual news . 
  thanks for writing those comments in two languages , my french is very dusty and i appreciate this occasion to refresh it . 
  i understand a bit of german and i could n't even split what i was hearing into words , which reminded me of the french liaison pronunciation - perhaps that is why i thought it sounded french like . 
  portugal - cars stopped to let me pass the road even if i was just standing on the sidewalk thinking where to go next ; i felt obliged to pass even if i did not really want to . 
  italy - the guy from whom i was renting a flat on the final day did not even come to check if i have left the place in a reasonable condition , just told me over the phone to leave the key on the table and shut the door ; people passing the street while the red light was on right in front of the policemen ; scooters everywhere ; what i consider a full meal , they consider just the first course ; pizza looks like no pizza in poland ; i 've ordered lobster at a restaurant and they first brought me a live lobster and asked if it looks good enough ; france - rubber-tyred metro !, 
  also how huge the eiffel tower looks when you look at it from up close ( i admit and regret i had only one evening for sight seeing , so no more surprises ) ; switzerland - swiss speak german in a way that sounds like french - i 've actually asked if they were speaking german , because i could not figure it out on my own ;, 
  no , they wo n't . 
  but if you do change the lighting you may give someone comfort at a time when they need it . 
  and that is a nice thing to do . 
  i remember how after smole\u0144sk plane crash people were doing similar gestures for poland and it actually felt good . 
  shit , i wrote quite a tl ; dr , sorry ... you are largely correct . 
  during the 90 's and early 2000 's the main axis of conflict in polish politics was post-communists against post-solidarity ( anti-communist opposition ) . 
  generally with the post-communists assuming the role of a social-democratic party and the post-solidarity parties assuming a more neo-liberal and conservative or centrist positions . 
  in the first free parliamentary elections in 1991 post-solidarity parties won , but they were very fragmented - in total ~ 28 non-post-communist committees had representatives in the sejm and then they started fragmenting even further . 
  in result there was constant in-fighting , several changes of government and finally early parliamentary elections in 1993 . 
  also , election threshold was introduced to avoid the mess from 1991 . 
  still , in those elections post-communist ( now called sld ) easily won against the fragmented and disgraced post-solidarity parties . 
  they ruled relatively calmly ( in comparison ) till the scheduled elections in 1997 . 
  the economic situation was still very poor and the bigger post-solidarity parties managed to consolidate into aws ( solidariy electoral action ) that won on the promise of making huge reforms . 
  the reforms did not go very well and in the final year of aws 's term a huge unpredicted budget deficit was discovered .
