what few people , especially in poland , realize is that by the time poland got around to the whole colonization thing ( 1920 's ) the best colonies were long taken and the ones that were left were mostly unprofitable business . 
  the drive for colonization in pre-war poland was born of more nationalistic megalomania than of economic calculations . 
  still it is funny how some modern nationalists like to talk about how we `` almost '' colonized madagascar . 
  i am quite surprised the newspaper did not mess up any polish names . 
  in poland it is legally impossible for a private person or organisation to own `` flowing '' water - essentially rivers , sea or any bodies of water connected to a river . 
  as far as i know there are no plans to change this . 
  yes , that 's the one . 
  why is he popular requires a bit more explanation . 
  the short version is that he is one of the last politicians still pushing the neoliberal economic views and such views are very popular among some parts of the population , like the well educated young . 
  many of them are willing to turn a blind eye on his more ridiculous ideas for the promise of lower taxes . 
  he has especially many sympathizers among the it workers and for that reason has a very strong presence on the polish internet - kind of like ron paul in the us some 6 years ago or so . 
  this of course has a bit to do with the fact that polish people are not really that progressive . 
  many of us hate the clergy , we do not want anyone to interfering with our sex lives , we like the freedom of speech , but this is as far as it usually goes . 
  feminism , ecology , tolerance - these are some ridiculous whims invented by bored western europeans . 
  mind that the rate of cultural change in poland has been staggering . 
  many of my peers were beaten by their parents as kids , so an argument like `` my father used to beat me and i grew up ok '' will send many heads nodding . 
  argument like `` women 's place is in the kitchen '' will do so as well , since many people still remember their own mother 's spending whole days in the kitchen . 
  that 's why i wrote `` weak backstop '' . 
  i am not glorifying them . 
  still the preamble looks better than what the rightists wanted at the time and the concordat was signed in 1993 by the right wing parties - the 1998 signing by the president was mostly a formality . 
  this is a very complicated issue . 
  generally speaking polish people are slowly but surely getting more and more atheistic and fed up with the church , however this probably wo n't result in any political change against the church . 
  the reason is that these sentiments do not have any solid political representation . 
  and the reason behind that is a bit of long story ... those pro church laws were introduced by the right wing parties , originating in the anti-communist opposition ( solidarity ) . 
  it used to be that the post communistic left party was more secular and they served as a weak but always a backstop to clergy 's political ambitions . 
  for that reason church influence has weakened in the late 90 's . 
  however some 13 years ago some weird stuff happened . 
  first , the right wing party split into two . 
  two years later , the left wing party went down in giant corruption scandal that it has not recovered from ever since . 
  in 2005 the two right wing parties ( pis and po ) won , but instead of ruling together they became bitter enemies . 
  this situation continues to this day and the result is that both the coalition and opposition is to some degree pro church . 
  the current ruling party ( po ) tries to be a bit secular , but they have many very pro church politicians in their own ranks , which makes it difficult . 
  the opposition ( pis ) , which is likely to take over in a year , is pretty much directly controlled by the church . 
  as i said , the post communistic left ( sld ) is merely a sideshow and the modern , actually anti-clerical left ( ruch palikota or tw\u00f3j ruch ) is weak and might not be represented in the next parliament . 
  the new force , supported my many young people , is the insanely conservative knp that is run by a lunatic who `` privately '' is a monarchist and believes in the absence of a king poland should be ruled by the primate of the polish church . 
  some information is missing from the article . 
  the doctor not only denied to perform the abortion of a fatally damaged fetus . 
  he also failed to direct the woman to another doctor that would perform the abortion , to which he is obligated . 
  he also demanded unnecessary extra medical tests and deliberately stretched the procedure to the point where the abortion became illegal due to the late stage of pregnancy . 
  what is more , he is the head of a public hospital and it turns out he informally forced the whole hospital to deny abortions , despite it being contracted to perform them by the state . 
  the law changed 20 years ago and in the opposite direction than you assume . 
  in 1993 poland introduced one of the strictest abortion laws in europe . 
  before that abortions where more or less available on demand - in fact the doctor in question in those times performed tons of abortions and apparently it did not bother his conscience too much . 
  so you think the status of a disabled person is a reward ? 
  do you really believe anyone actually wants to be obese ? 
  do you believe anyone will become obese because they will think `` it 's so cool , i will be able to use disability privileges , it 's totally worth shortening my life '' ? 
  i think obesity is a physical disability caused by mental health issue . 
  you say that obese people can diet and exercise - that is true . 
  but this fact does not change their current condition in any way . 
  and there are other types of health issues , like broken legs , that are curable but while they persist we consider those suffering from them to be disabled . 
  vodka !, 
  yes , but those children generally stay in the uk , so i do n't think they are the point of the discussion . 
  i am also from poland , so just a few words to add . 
  in the communist times supply of beer was limited and its quality was poor so the preferred drink was vodka . 
  after the transformation polish breweries have quickly modernized and started heavily advertising . 
  since advertisement of vodka and other strong spirits on tv has been prohibited this caused a gradual shift in consumption . 
  today beer is considered a recreational drink that is ok to drink in front of a tv , with a meal or in a so called `` beer garden '' in the street . 
  vodka is reserved for special situations , like a birthday or a wedding party or when one wants to get quickly intoxicated . 
  vodka in poland is drunk straight and you are expected to down a shot glass in one go . 
  seeing how poland and romania are among those with the least motivated unemployed i would guess that one of the issues more important than level of benefits is the scale of long term unemployment . 
  when most people you know are unemployed for many years , becoming unemployed yourself is just falling into the line . 
  actually the statement by arcbishop j\u00f3zef michalik mentioned in the last paragraph was part of the official statement of polish church position on the subject before it was clumsily retracted after a public uproar . 
  well i 'll be damned you actually do know what i 'm talking about . 
  your nick does not sound polish , but then neither does mine . 
  where are you from ? 
  it probably wo n't tell you much - poniatowa . 
  city is probably too big of a word , as it 's a very small ( < 20000 ) town in eastern poland . 
  during the 80 's there was a huge scare in poland about satanism and some group from poniatowa got notorious when they sent a letter to the rector of local church vowing to kill kids preparing for the first holy communion and to sacrifice their hearts to satan . 
  nothing of the sort happened of course , but indeed there was a group of satanists in the town and the legend kept living well into the 90 's . 
  that 's pretty accurate . 
  as you probably know in 1989 poland transitioned from being a communist state to being a capitalist democracy and rapidly opened to the west . 
  for kids growing up in the 90 's ( like me , although i might be a bit older than beck2012 ) sudden availability of western and western-like products was the defining experience of our childhoods . 
  for me those would be : * commodore 64 ; * turbo bubble gum ( turkish ? 
  ) ; * kinder surprise ; * chips !, 
  * matchbox cars ( and their chinese knockoffs ) ; * chinese converse knockoffs ; * disney ; * smurfs ; * sailor moon ; * south american soap operas ( e. g. muneca brava ) ; * various old anime played on polonia 1 ( e.g. 
  captain tsubasa ) ; * coca cola ( and other colas ) ; * canned sodas in colorful cans - every boy had a collection of those ; * mountain bikes ; strictly polish stuff would be : * lech wa\u0142\u0119sa and solidarity ( hey i was a kid but i still remember the emotions ) ; * wigry 3 bike - it had a foot ( torpedo ) brake and you could use it for drifting ; * plastic water guns and syringes we used water battles around easter - in accordance with the tradition of \u015amigus dyngus ; * disco polo - a polish imitation of italo disco music style ; * prince polo , polo cocta and other * punk and satanism - i grew up in a punk city with a satanistic movement that at a time was famous in the whole poland and even in the primary school this was noticeable ; * swimming in a lake - that 's how i spent most of my summer break ;, 
  here is a photo of the `` brook only about four meters across '' : http://wyborcza.biz/biznes/51,100896,14839343.html?i=0 this is a mountainous terrain and after a rain or when the snow melts the brook can quickly turn into a river - that 's why such an expensive bridge was planned . 
  alpine bau actually estimated the cost of building it at 120 mln z\u0142oty 's , then undercut their own estimates by almost half when bidding . 
  after alpine bau went bankrupt , a polish company was hired to finish the construction . 
  the bridge is currently 98 % done and is supposed to undergo first endurance tests later this year . 
  underbidding the competitors and then renegotiating contracts to get the actual price used to be one of the most common methods of rigging the public biddings in poland . 
  the government decided to crack down on the practice . 
  i am not even sure whether this companies got hurt as a collateral damage or whether they planned to use this trick and are now angry because it failed . 
  yep ... this one is from the awfully sweet family . 
  omg ... where to start ? 
  in poland there is a ton of shitty cheap beers , but something somewhat unique is perhaps the `` strong beer '' or `` mocne piwo '' . 
  these are fortified with spirit to 7 % or more and are quite cost effective compared to other beers . 
  they are also almost always shitty - either with a strong aftertaste of the added spirit or disgustingly sweet to mask it . 
  i do n't even wish to mention them by name and i do n't know which one is the shittiest , so instead i will mention two major strong beers that are quite good - `` okocim mocny '' and `` le\u017cajsk mocny '' . 
  the traditional way to get drunk on the cheap in poland is to drink `` jabol '' . 
  this is a cheap fruit wine made of the worst fruits available , using a `` cost optimized '' production process and a crappy sprirt for fortification . 
  they are legendary for their insane creativity in naming and labeling : http://joemonster.org/mg/album,166, 
  french is an interesting language to learn . 
  the weird number system , the `` qu'est ce que c'est '' and other weird expressions with every second letter pronounced , the liaison . 
  great conversation topics at a party , even if you are just starting to learn . 
  also for a polish it 's interesting when you start noticing how many words , expressions or concepts in polish language have been borrowed from french , but are now so ingrained you can hardly tell . 
  plus , you suddenly understand latin !, 
  yes !, 
  loose translation : two friends are walking down the street when one of them smells something foul . 
  so he asks the other one `` hey , have you shat yourself ? '',
