  it 's just cyprus that should be united and turkey wanting a solution that will get it to keep cyprus under turkish influence . 
  reducing a dispute to butthurtism means you probably do n't have a clear view on what 's going on . 
  not really the point of this discussion though . 
  there is [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4aimwr/fyrom_or_macedonia/ ) thread from yesterday , which might help you understand . 
  if you want to . 
  it was bound to happen at some point . 
  fyrom is mentioned again and again during this refugee crisis . 
  it was a mistake and he apologised for it . 
  sure , a greek minister saying macedonia instead of fyrom is a big no-no in greece but having him resign during this whole mess seems like a wrong move to me . 
  especially since he 's doing a decent job . 
  way better than the previous one . 
  i agree with you on tha last part . 
  listen to the interview for the war part though . 
  it 's taken out of context . 
  he later clarified by saying that what he said about a war was a figure of speech . 
  he said that since we ca n't go to war we have to find a solution through diplomacy . 
  [ source in greek ] ( http://www.enikos.gr/politics/375872,dieykriniseis-toy-marda-ston-real-fm-978-gia-thn-dhlwsh-toy-sxetika-me-thn-toyr.html ) either a minister fuck-up or a case of greek media blowing things out of proportion once again . 
  or both . 
  edit : ok , it 's media bullshitting once again . 
  it 's pretty clear that he meant talking things out with turkey is the only option . 
  [ here 's the radio interview sound clip in case any greek is interested ] ( http://www.enikos.gr/politics/375866,mardas-me-thn-toyrkia-kinoymaste-diplwmatika-diaforetika-polemos.html ) . 
  if everything was predetermined , all those `` negotiations '' between the troika and the greek government would be done before the bailout agreement . 
  on meeting the fiscal targets for example , it 's supposed to be up to greece where to get the money from . 
  the troika has to make sure that what the greek government does , does n't hurt the economy ( although looking at the tax rates , those guys approved the death of the greek middle class in the past 5 years ) . 
  same with the pension system reform . 
  greece made a draft and sent it to the institutions . 
  they 'll make sure it 's sustainable , if not , they 'll propose changes , then the greek government will either accept or make new proposals . 
  from what i get ( greek media up until now , but as i see this article kinda comfirms it ) the imf is making its demands way to harsh , which creates disagreement with the ecb and the ec . 
  of course , it could all be a good cop - bad cop act . 
  and just to add something on this :  greece have still not implemented the pension reforms which they have agreed to in every bailout for the last 5 years the greek pension system , according to new democracy , was sustainable up until syriza fucked up . 
  if you choose to believe that the previous bailout was working , then there 's nothing greece needed to do on that front . 
  the greek pensions have already been sliced 12 times the past 5 years . 
  i have my doubts though . 
  how can a ( national ) pension system be sustainable in the long run when there is such a high unemployment , young people that are leaving greece forever coupled with the low birth rates that greece will have for the years to come ? 
  it 's impossible . 
   has been held up by disagreement among the ** lenders ** over how much more athens needs to save in public spending, 
  interesting to see someone whose perspective is n't the usual : `` the past is in the past , get over it '' . 
  sure , moving on is what led europe to prosperity but moving on should n't mean `` erasing '' the past . 
  i 've seen us greeks being ridiculed many times for being too stuck on our history , but it 's not just ancient history . 
  most greeks take great pride in modern greek history . 
  wwii was long ago , but not that long ago in order for greeks to completely move on . 
  i mean , every greek family had ( or still have ) grandparents who lived through the german occupation . 
  we sure fucked up , but having germany ( and a germany-led europe ) pointing its finger at greece , demanding no mercy while at the same time presenting itself as a `` saviour '' showing the utmost solidarity by lending greece money does create some `` discomfort '' , to say the least . 
  imo , it 's not that weird . 
   a first review of economic reforms under the bailout plan agreed last august , which greece wants concluded fast to move on to debt-relief talks , has been held up by disagreement among the lenders over how much more athens needs to save in public spending , notably on pensions . 
  guess whose fault it 'll be in the end . 
  how do they define a taxpayer ? 
  i know young people that have no job but they still file a tax statement ( not sure this is correct in english ) . 
  of course they pay 0 tax . 
   100 % of the tax as a deposit for next years tax so twice 26 % do n't forget that the deposit for 2014 was set at 55 % . 
  people thought they would catch a break the next year but for 2015 it was raised to 75 % and now ( 2016 ) it 's going to be 100 % . 
  so it looks like it can be raised indefinitely . 
  what is essentially the state borrowing money from business owners and the self employed every year . 
  good luck man . 
  ouzo with croc tears for everyone !, 
  more deaths , probably . 
  but i do n't think it will deter migrants from trying . 
  they 're prepared to take such risks . 
  it could also give more freedom to smugglers . 
  is it even legal to try and stop them from moving around in greece ? 
  i mean , police preventing registered refugees from moving around is n't like stopping greek citizens from moving from one place to another ? 
  even staying in hot-spots is voluntary . 
  some accept it , others just move on towards the northern border . 
  edit : changed `` through '' greece to `` around '' in order to avoid misunderstandings . 
  show them where part of all those borrowed money was spent . 
   they wo n't allow others to police their borders they wo n't allow turkey to police their borders . 
  there 's a difference . 
  also , the greek - fyrom border was the wrong border for frontex to guard , do n't you agree ? 
   greece has always been just a transit country . 
  no , it did n't . 
  before the syrian refugee waves , you caught anyone who managed to move illegally from greece to europe , and shipped them back to greece ( or italy , or any other `` entry '' country ) . 
  entry countries had to deal with them and other eu countries could avoid any respomsibility because `` it was not their problem '' . 
  the only thing that changed recently is the numbers . 
  some countries saw that doing the same and sending them back to greece would ruin it , others still do n't care and the only solution they can think of is doing whatever they did in the past . 
   the price look quite a bit inflated unfortunately , that 's the biggest problem with those `` shady '' deals . 
  it 's not the millions that corrupt politicians took for signing those deals . 
  i 'm afraid those are nothing compared to what we lost from paying way more than we normally would . 
  well , some of the greek people played by the same rules ( taking advantage of the same corrupt politicians for many types of `` favours '' ) and while i can see not yet born-greek people still paying for it in the future , those who got more than a job in the public sector or a higher salary/pension are getting away scot-free . 
  i understand what you 're saying but i just have to whine about it . 
  it 's the only thing i can do after all . 
  i totally get what you mean . 
  i just wanted to make it clear for other people reading your post thinking : `` oh !, 
  the greeks do n't even make the effort to keep them outside in international waters '' the `` outside '' are turkish waters , so mindlessly crossing is a no-no . 
  just like your approach on the migrant crisis , your knowledge about the eu is lacking . '', 
  [ membership negotiations can not start until all eu governments agree , in the form of a unanimous decision by the eu council , on a framework or mandate for negotiations with the candidate country . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/steps-towards-joining/index_en.htm ) '', 
  or we can go even less years back in time and vote against slovakia joining the eu . 
   once they are in the boats in international waters it 's not even international waters . 
  they 're either greek or turkish territorial waters . 
   your conflict with turkey does n't interest us much and both of you are irredentist dicks as far as anybody else is concerned . 
  turkey might be bigger dicks but that 's just because they canm if the relation ( size wise ) was reversed i have no doubt that greeks would be the bigger dicks . 
  if it does n't interest you , do n't comment on it because you obviously do n't know what the fuck you are talking about . 
  there 's a casus beli for greece claiming its own territorial waters according to international rules that almost every single country in the world follows . 
  that prevents us from setting up an eez . 
  also , i could say that if poland had more power you would be some kind of fascist scum-10xrussian moron who would put a claim on the whole world and start expanding . 
  does it make sense ? 
  because no chill . 
  even when greek families are mourning dead people . 
  anyway , it 's nothing new and no one takes them seriously anyway . 
  they can claim whatever they want as long as it 's in their head .
