[ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/qr6ifxlf_wm ) a video of `` rouketopolemos '' . 
  edit : there 's already one in the article . 
  brain malfunctioned and i somehow missed it . 
  too much wine and lamb probably . 
  was that a problem 20 years ago ? 
  would the european economies be that screwed if germany collapsed ? 
  is it just a matter of germany dragging everyone ahead , so anything achieved from that point on was based on germany 's success ? 
  i just ca n't see it . 
  although i 'm not knowledgeable enough to make such assumptions . 
   greek leaders have furiously rejected the notion of any european ** and imf ( strictly ) technocrat ** control over their budget . 
  also , do n't forget that the imf admitted it fucked up the first 2 bailouts . 
  and it was n't because they did n't have control over the greek budget . 
   if our economy goes down , the whole eu economy goes down . 
  so you can see what the problem is . 
  so ... payback time ? 
  revenge ? 
  proving them right for not trusting germany post-wwii ? 
   i suppose this may have caused the greek banks to become insolvent themselves it fucked the banks and pension funds pretty good, 
  the debt is in euros so it 'll be impossible to repay in such a scenario . 
  defaulting every 4 months will be fun though . 
  we got a pretty good headstart . 
  we 've been stacking wealth for decades . 
  even before the whole `` borrowing money and slacking '' stereotyping . 
  the fiscal policies get all the attention . 
  from the transcript :  but it is very simple it is the pension reform , income tax credit , vat and the wage bill . 
  pension reform --  cuts for existing pensions ( for the 13th time the past 5-6 years ) , in order to make it less harsh the greek government wants to raise the contributions as well . 
  shitty future pensions for people working atm , if they ever get any . 
  if nothing changes , it 'll probably be a small `` allowance '' for the elderly . 
  income tax changes --  the destroyed middle class ( in whatever form it exists ) gets fucked once again . 
  the limit for getting taxed gets a little lower . 
  that 's for salaries and pensions , the self-employed get to pay a 26 % on their whole income plus 100 % in advance . 
  vat --  rises in some goods . 
  the `` negotiation '' is n't over yet so we do n't have a clear view on how big the `` bill '' will be , but mr thomsen made it clear : '' i am not going accept a package of small measures . 
  i am not . '', 
   `` everyone gets a gun '' - nobody has said that even if regulated , it becomes easier to obtain one using illegal means imo . 
  for it to be completely safe , there should be perfect regulation . 
  if something could be perfect though , we 'd be able to prevent any crime from happening and the need for guns would be obsolete anyway . 
   `` will normal people carry it around '' - um . . sometimes ? 
  they 're weapons , they need to be carried by a person to be of any use . 
  mostly they 'd be locked up in a proper gun-safe though . 
  if they are really needed they should be carried around though . 
  allowing guns to be sold to citizens but making it illegal to carry them around is like giving an advantage to those who do n't mind breaking the law , the criminals . 
  and even if it was legal to carry them around i can hardly see the majority of people walking around carrying guns . 
  someone intending to commit a crime will always carry one though . 
  and in case of a criminal attacking someone 's home , he still has the advantage . 
  he 'll be ambushing people anyway , not hard to win . 
  but he 'll most probably have a gun because it 'll be easier to get his hands on one . 
  he 'll be way more `` effective '' and lethal with a gun . 
  i know criminals may have guns now , but the probability of one having a gun skyrockets in a gun-free ( even heavily regulated ) scenario . 
  no matter which way i look at it , i would be on a disadvantage facing a criminal when we 're both armed . 
  both us having guns does n't mean we 'll be on equal terms . 
  the criminal would be `` initiating '' whatever he 'd mean to do , be it a blind attack or a threat to rob me . 
  i think the same goes for most normal people be it men or women . 
  i 'm surprised that people against this ( citizens owning guns ) are being downvoted . 
  easier access to guns means easier access to guns for everyone . 
  criminals are sure to have a gun when guns are easier to find . 
  will normal people carry it around ? 
  in the case of some criminal barging into someone 's home , will that `` normal '' person have it ready to use ? 
  as ready as the criminal ? 
  do n't forget once it 's pointed at someone , it 's done . 
  sure unstable people wo n't have the chance to get a gun legally , but when guns are everywhere , getting your hands on one illegally becomes much easier . 
  do you guys feel that threatened by people around you that you feel the need to own a gun to `` protect yourselves '' ? 
  just imagine now that all those people you feel threatened by have easy access to guns . 
  you 're not familiar with greek politics . 
  anything will be used or blown out of proportion to gain some votes . 
  i mean , a minister , probably after hearing `` macedonia '' a thousand times the past few days . 
  makes an one-time mistake and calls fyrom , macedonia . 
  what 's so dramatic about it ? 
  is he a bad minister ? 
  is he a bad politican ? 
  he 's actually not even a pm or part of any political party . 
  he was appointed as a migration minister from the current government . 
  is the current government incompetent for appointing him ? 
  is the current government incompetent ? 
  yes , for far more serious reasons . 
  are you talking about turkish cypriots or turkish settlers ? 
  there are going to be talks again . 
  whether there is a solution or not , is up to turkey . 
  i mean , cyprus is the one who will reject any proposal that involves turkey having power in any way , but that 's only fair . 
  cyprus should be a sovereign country . 
  it 's not such a big deal actually . 
  1-2 days and it 'll be forgotten . 
  you 're wrong if you think the greeks can forget their problems with just some minister calling it macedonia instead of fyrom . 
  the greeks are worrying about their future , their survival . 
  they 're worrying about any new tax raises , salary or pension cuts . 
  being unemployed or getting fired . 
  losing their homes . 
  there 's nothing that can distract you from such problems . 
  a naming dispute ca n't take up much space in a greek 's mind . 
  the occupation of cyprus is an ongoing thing . 
  it was back in the 70s , sure . 
  the 70s are not that far back . 
  a big part of the cypriots , greeks and turks lived through it . 
  the children learned about it from people who lived through it . 
  many had relatives die from it . 
  it 's not something happening in a place far away from them . 
  it 's their country , [ it 's right there ] ( https://www.google.gr/search?q=cyprus+buffer+zone&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=979&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0ahukewirq8dgwmxlahxivbokhe84bfwq_auibigb ) . 
  there 's no need to use it as a distraction . 
  it * is * a distraction . 
  except that we live in 2016 , no one wants to displace the turkish cypriots .
