  another reason which i believe makes the greek people distrust the nato , is the fact that it takes a neutral stance on the issues greece has with turkey . 
  the whole `` we do n't involve ourselves in disputes between allies '' makes sense , but when one of your allies is bullied by another ally and you do nothing about it do n't expect the greek people to back nato with all their heart . 
   of course , greece was primarily responsible for the mess that necessitated its bail-out in 2010 , and when a country has unmanageable debt and an excessive budget deficit , it must adjust . 
  but design failures from the first two financial assistance programmes exacerbated greece 's falling gdp . 
  thus the responsibility for the failure of the first two financial assistance programmes falls both upon greece and official creditors , as is argued in this article . 
  did n't this satisfy you ? 
   lend greek people money where 's my paycheck ? 
  edit : you 're right edit2 : holy fuck 2017 is pay-year, 
  it 's not a new loan . 
  it 's an installment in return for further `` reforms '' , taxes , cuts , privatisations as it is agreed in the 3d bailout package . 
  and as soon as we get it , it 's going towards paying what we already owe , ~ ~ so it 's just going back to you . 
  no need to stress yourself out mate . ~ ~, 
  i 'm sorry that our governments were reluctant towards becoming an official protectorate . 
  is taking complete control of a member 's government part of the eurozone rules that you germans seem to be so fond of ? 
   they 're not gon na agree to a deal that involved giving up sovereignty actually we 've already agreed . 
  3 times . 
  the imf believes the greek debt is unsustainable and will skyrocket in the next decades , and wants a substantial debt relief . 
  it also believes that the 3.5 % primary surplus target set for 2018 will not be achieved , asking for a lower target ( 1.5 % ) . 
  if the europeans are not willing to lower their primary surplus target , the imf is asking for about 4bn worth of extra austerity measures in order to achieve the 3.5 % primary surplus target . 
  the europeans are not willing to accept a substantial debt relief for greece or lower primary surplus targets , believe that the 3.5 % primary surplus target is realistic and they are optimistic that it can be achieved without extra austerity measures . 
  they have no problem though with greece implementing the 4bn austerity measures in order to satisfy and keep the imf as a part of the greek programme . 
  the greek government claims that the 3.5 % primary surplus is achieveable without more measures , but would like to lower it in the future . 
  it also wants debt relief and is unwilling to take more austerity measures for 2018 and 2019 which it believes will hinder growth and are not needed to meet the surplus targets . 
  greek media are reporting that we 're heading towards a compromise where the greek parliament will pre-emptively vote for the austerity measures but will only implement them if they are needed . 
  if the imf and the eu agree with that . 
   why should you be the eu 's special snowflake ? 
  because your media says so , obviously . 
  like ~ ~ many ~ ~ some germans , you 're too focused on how greece got to the point it is today , ignoring the `` how to fix it '' part . 
  you 're just coming across as someone who does n't care about the latter , but draws satisfaction from the consequences of the former . 
  if things keep going the way they are , you 're condemning future generations for the sins of their ancestors . 
  germans were fortunate enough to not get that treatment , but here you are , advocating the destruction of greece for the acts of the past . 
  fun fact :  on 23 april 2010 during a visit at the island of kastelorizo , papandreou issued a statement to the press that he instructed finance minister papakonstantinou to officially ask the eu partners to activate the support mechanism . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/4pc_d1m82uq ) the video . 
  ask him what he thinks about the western and russian influence in greece . 
  i dare you . 
   let us not pretend that there is anyone at fault for the situation in greece except for greece i agree , but you should also stop pretending that you 're `` helping '' . 
  unfortunately , the word `` reform '' has lost its meaning for a big part of the greek people . 
  it has become a synonym of cuts or taxes . 
  if i remember correctly , the target required for the 2017 primary surplus is 1.5 % ( it 's at 1.8 % in the budget voted ~ ~ some months ~ ~ less than a month ago ) . 
  we already have 2.5 b in tax raises that will take effect in 2017 , i do n't know how they will affect the growth that 's expected for that year . 
  the fun starts in 2018 , in which we 're expected to have a 3.5 % primary surplus . 
  we 're also supposed to keep getting 3.5 % primary surpluses indefinitely ( until the lenders allow us to lower the target ) . 
  it 's 40 years of puppet governments actually . 
  i can see how it could be an emotional topic in many poorer eu countries , but think about this , specifically for bulgaria : there are thousands of greek businesses which have moved to bulgaria and greek money invested in bulgaria since the crisis hit us , on top of those that already existed there before the crisis . 
  in a way , greek austerity is fueling growth in bulgaria . 
  the thing is though , that if something happens in greece , like a default , a big chunk of them will be gone , so bulgaria will take a hit as well . 
  therefore , at this point , greece doing good is in bulgaria 's interests . 
  oh , you 've been to basically every restaurant in greece ? 
  or maybe your country 's media have been on every greek restaurant and did a really trustworthy report ? 
  of course you should n't give a fuck bro . 
  your opinion does n't matter anyway . 
  you 're not part of the eurozone . 
  the programme is there to make greece stand on its own feet , grow and eventually be able to service the debt on its own . 
  we exceeded the target dictated by the programme , which means that an unnecessary ammount of money was removed from the greek economy , thus hindering growth . 
  if , i assume you agree with me on that , the aim is to enable greece to pay back its debts in the future , greece needs to grow . 
  so the right thing to do , is pour those excess money back to the greek economy . 
  was giving them to poor pensioners , school lunches in a poor area , and choosing not to raise the vat on the islands hit by the refugee crisis in 2017 the right choice ? 
  the money could 've used in a better way to maximize the effect on the greek economy . 
  is it a populist move ? 
  sure , as far as the tip to the low-pensioners is concerned . 
  but think about this . 
  is n't advocating this 600m of excess surplus go to service the debt ( like many people here are saying ) populism ? 
  it is populism as well . 
  it does n't serve any purpose , and will definitely contribute negatively in the success of the programme . 
  it will only make some people feel nice , and morally superior for `` making greece finally pay something back to us '' , the worst kind of populism imo . 
  edit : minor tweaks . 
  why not illegally print a couple of billion euros like a certain country did in the past ? 
  that 's the thing . 
  greece did meet the surplus target , the government implemented whatever austerity measures were asked from them . 
  the problem is that they decided to use the money that exceeded the surplus target for whatever reason they see fit . 
  i do n't really know if our government is doing something that goes against the deal . 
  the previous government ( new democracy ) did the same by the way , but our previous government was part of the european people 's party , so maybe that 's why they were allowed to do it , right ? 
  it 's kind of infuriating tbh . 
  unless it 's specifically stated in the agreement that whatever extra revenue is generated beyond the ( 0.5 % for 2016 ) primary surplus target should be used as the troika sees fit / `` pay debts '' / saved ( which would be infuriating in itself anyway imo ) , this shit is pure punishment . 
  sure , tsipras decided to use it to get some votes in the next elections . 
  how well the government uses this money is debatable , but that 's up to the greek people to decide , not the troika . 
  there are already agreed upon measures for 2017 ( 2.5 billion in direct and indirect taxes ) plus the new possible `` reforms '' that will be required for the second review ( there 's been rumors on the media about more pension cuts and possible public worker wage cuts in some sectors ) . 
  i 'm no expert , but they seem as recessionary measures to me . 
  there 's also the 3.5 % primary surplus target for 2018 that probably ca n't be met without more austerity . 
  if i remember correctly , it 's 360 euro plus 10 % per kid . 
  if one is living alone or has a family it 's definitely not enough . 
  if it 's a young person living with his/her parents it 's ok i suppose ( if the parents have a job ) . 
  a friend of mine used to be on unemployment benefits , and he never mentioned late payments . 
  you do n't get any unemployment benefits if you quit your job , only if you 're laid off . 
  my grandfather gets a pension of 480 $ , soon to be 360 $ . 
  just hang on , we 're getting there . 
  i hope you 'll get to like our rich , lazy asses then . 
  this time it 's not about austerity . 
  greece has already implemented and voted on the austerity measures . 
  some minor reforms are left to be completed which , from what i understand , are agreed upon and it 's just a matter of time until they 're implemented . 
  the problem is that germany wants the imf to participate in the programme but does n't want to talk debt relief but the imf demands a debt relief plan in order to participate . 
  they 're essentially delaying the second review conclusion ( which releases the funds so we do n't default in july ) while arguing , damaging the greek economy in the proccess . 
   nobody ever `` finished '' a home in greece because of the finished tax i do n't really know where you got that from . 
  in order to get electricity/water etc , one has to have a `` finished '' house . 
   which explain why all greeks house in the country have a yet-to-be-done floor building a house was like the `` ultimate '' goal for most greek families . 
  that 's why many people started building one , got the first floor where the family would leave in , and had got a permit for more floors so in the future the children , with the help of the family , would build another one-two-three floors ( depending on how many children there are ) . 
  this way the parents felt like they left something behind for their children and it also kept the family together . 
  so what you saw was either ugly design , or a `` finished '' floor , with floors waiting to be finished piece by piece , gradually over the years through savings that , in many cases , meant having a shitty car or maybe not going on vacation . 
  these homes are now taxed like there 's no tommorrow . 
  the only way for greece to get access to qe is by completing the second review .
