a lot of poles considers hungarians their brethren . 
  czech and slovak are basically the same , too . 
  i have recently read an interesting article about polish immigrants to different countries ( mainly england but not limited to ) . 
  the fact that most polish immigrants come back once they earned some money used to be true but it is diminishing . 
  more and more of those who left and then came back to poland decide to leave permanently once they come to realise their lives were better . 
  the positive thing , in my opinion , is that those who decide to immigrate try to blend in the countries they immigrate to . 
  this applies especially to younger couples , who decide to have family there , raise their children as natives but not completely alien to their history and legacy . 
  they pay their taxes there , they spend their money there too , they become more and more regular citizens instead of those who come here , grab some quick cash and get back to their own country . 
  i 've talked with few acquaintances from different countries ( mainly ireland , england , netherlands and switzerland ) and they basically had the same thing to say . 
  they honestly prefer eastern europeans that immigrate to their country simply because they tend to be hard working people in comparison with the rest of the bunch . 
  just my two pennies worth of thought . 
  you mean we 'd get annexed to ussr like we basically did ? 
  yeah !, 
  both of our tanks are mobilised !, 
  i was so bummed out at the end of it :(, 
  solaris is based on a short story by stanis\u0142aw lem with the same title . 
  even though the film is good ( not even talking about soderberg 's version , it was a blasphemy ) it 's not as good as the book . 
  i think you 've hit the nail on the head . 
  we 're allies ? 
  great !, 
  if we 're in need and you help us , we 'll be really grateful !, 
  if not , nothing new has happened , that 's how our history basically looks like :(, 
  they mean different things in polish and czech , meanings pl/cz : will fuck/malfunction , monastery/law , robbery/idea , shop/cellar , cellar/beer house , wheel , circle/bicycle , foot/mark of a foot on ground , hot girl or cane/love it takes time to get used to it . 
  and so is calling romanians gypsies , poles plumbers , czechs freaks , finns vodka addicts , french smelly people and so on . 
  cheer up !, 
  sweden : * meshuggah * wolverine * in flames * soilwork * opeth * dark tranquility * arch enemy * the haunted finland : * amorphis * korpiklaani * children of bodom * finntroll norway : * celtic frost * emperor * satyricon * dimmu borgir denmark : * illdisposed * mercenary * volbeat * mnemic germany : * kreator * blind guardian * sodom france : * gojira greece : * rotting christ england : * too many to list , basically entire classic prog rock and nwobhm, 
  and if you like this , you must like vader and behemoth as well , 
  as a pole living in brno all i can say is that it 's more and more indifferent . 
  the `` hate '' and all that starts to dissipate as most people tend to realise no one should be held responsible for the sins of our fathers . 
  i do sometimes get this `` thanks for ' 68 '' approach , but more often than not everyone is friendly and we can talk about our common history and all good things that came from that . 
  funny thing not many czech people know and something that i find interesting and funny : the equivalent of czech sentence '' \u0161pan\u011blsk\u00e1 vesnice '' in polish language is ` czeski film ' ( czech film ) because it all sounds familiar but you just can not make any sense of it :p, 
  find it and show us how it was in . cz !, 
  if you remove the people , probably yes . 
  but with the crowds that are there during the summer , jesus christ it 's unbearable ( for me ) . 
  i do n't live in cesky krumlov per se , but living in the czech republic could be considered ` comfortable ' as long as you have a good job ( i guess as anywhere else ) . 
  i 'm working in a narrow field of it and it earns me over the double of national average . 
  thanks to this i can comfortably rent a reasonably priced flat somewhere not-that-far-from-centre of brno as well as go out quite often and enjoy my life . 
  the prices in restaurants for food/drinks are lower than surrounding countries , it 's pretty much a custom here to go out for lunch to a restaurant . 
  such lunch will cost you anywhere from 75 to 125 czk ( 3-5 eur ) including a drink . 
  food in shops is priced similarly to poland/slovakia , i.e. 
  it 's cheaper than in western europe albeit often of the same quality , especially in supermarkets . 
  renting varies vastly , but i think it 's in the same level as other eastern europeans countries . 
  people here are very nice , night life is rich and you can meet new people quite easily , if you want to . 
  there are certain areas that are known for young people to gather in summer time to spend their evenings ( especially parks , squares , etc. ), 
  and despite what i was afraid of , i have yet to see someone get beaten up or even have an angry exchange . 
  ( such views were common for me in other countries , even when i was just visiting , looking at you krakow ) . 
  czech people are well known for their sporty life , so it 's not an uncommon view to see people who go hiking , play sports outside , mountain climb , boulder and so on . 
  the main problem i 've seen so far , is that it can become very comfortable and may cause your unwillingness to change , stagnation might creep up on you because you just got used to it  also , despite what many people fear . 
  it is not , by any means , a junkie festival over here . 
  since the decriminalisation of many drugs there are places where you can `` legally '' smoke and people who you see smoking are just some ordinary students or other young people enjoying their night out . 
  so far i 'm very happy that i live here , but i guess this is a subject to change if you end up on the wrong end of the spectrum and earn below the average . 
  i guess this is true for a lot of places . 
  believe me when i tell you pictures can not express how great the view is when you kayak into the city in the summer . 
  jaw-droppingly awesome !, 
  of course there 's a polish food store ... 
  that 's how i still eat it . 
  especially when i make my own pizza . 
  sauce made from passata underneath and ketchup on top ... 
  i like it that way ... 
  i 'm polish living in czech republic , surprisingly often people mistake my language for russian . 
  when i was in us it was usually ' i do n't know , russian maybe ? ', 
  so yeah , russian . 
  she had french citizenship . 
  she was born and raised in poland , moved to france at the age of 19 . 
  if you moved to another country at that age , eventually marry a native of that country and become a citizen of it , would you consider yourself french or your original nationality ? 
  i guess it 'd be mostly correct if i wrote `` polish and naturalised french scientist '' , but i reckon polish will also suffice . 
  at least both polonium and radium were discovered by the same person , polish scientist maria sklodowska-curie . 
  so at least that ? 
  heh , i got similar with second being :  why are the british called poms i do n't even know what the hell are poms , this is so strange to me . 
  interestingly that statement would n't be as confusing if / u/de _ facto used apostrophe around ` the polish question ' . 
  as it stands now it can be interpreted that ` why is british flour so strange ' sounds hitler-y, 
  we do that ( sleep in high temperatures at night ) , fortunately in our case the heap lasts for few weeks rather than months . 
  so far none of them cared, 
  i got my foreskin chopped off when i was 9 . 
  it was n't because we 're jewish ( we 're not ) or because it 's better for hygienic reasons . 
  my foreskin was simply too tight and i had troubles urinating and if i went into puberty with it , it 'd most likely hurt like a motherfucker whenever i got a boner , too . 
  so circumcision can be used as a medical treatment . 
  not everyone who is circumcised have been mutilated because ... reasons ... 
  also , the best fighter in famous 303rd polish fighter squadron ( with 17 confirmed kills ) was no other than [ josef franti\u0161ek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/josef_franti%c5%a1ek ) , a czech pilot that happened to fly with us . 
  he 's well known and respected in poland . 
  ehh , czechia feels forced somehow , i still use czech republic and probably always will as long as the country exists, 
  i hear that montenegro is on fire as well . 
  i mean parts of boka kotorska are on fire and airport on tivat is closed and also airport near dubrovnik . 
  is that true ? 
  i 'm going there in 3 weeks to visit my inlaws ( in herceg novi ) and i really hope everything will be fine on both sides of the border !, 
  it 's quite nice . 
  the country itself feels similar to poland , but the main difference is people and their culture . 
  i moved from warsaw , so it was a huge cultural shock for me , to come from a gigantic city to a city that has a population of 400k . 
  czech is quite similar to polish , but the endings make your head spin . 
  i 'm still not sure sometimes if the ending for that verb that i used is polish or czech . 
  thankfully i still can be easily understood , 
  holy shit the comments ... 
  i remember watching this many years ago , shortly after i have arrived in brno . 
  i watched it now , and oh my god , the text is hilarious yet accurate portrayal of moravian people reaction to people from prague , 
  [ apparently poland is now # 6 country in the world in beer consumption per capita ... ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_beer_consumption_per_capita ), 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1675434/ imdb says otherwise , 
  i live in czech republic and i must say that their banking system is quite awful as well . 
  it 's not inherently bad , it 's just worse to what i was used to previously . 
  bless you . 
  and i 'm yet to meet a czech guy who does n't say ` ty vole ' , going back from a club one night i started counting how many times those two lads next to me say ` vole ' in my 10 minutes commute back home .
