  it 's the # 1 stereotype about belgians we have in the netherlands, 
  i live right near the main shopping street in my country so have to deal with street salespeople quite often . 
  my go to is to just tell start saying nonsense in spanish , so they think i 'm a foreigner . 
  i 've never heard christmas music before sinterklaas, 
  a 3 hour train trip is nothing when you 're on a 3 month tour of europe . 
  op will have to make many way longer train rides . 
  train definitely  bus in this case, 
  lol please , it 's like 3 hours from amsterdam . 
  it 's called de vliegende hollander in dutch . 
  please do n't . 
  i 'm not a hollander and i would prefer not to be called one . 
   probably klunen as well , but that is frisian . 
  is n't klunen gronings ? 
   dauwtrappen : to get up very early and do some walking in nature never heard that one . 
  anyway : kletspoot - when you step in water and the inside of your shoes and your socks get wet you have a kletspoot . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  sorry for the ambiguity . 
  fair enough . 
  half of those pictures have the girls ' faces obscured by sunglasses though , how can you tell that they 're prettier than doutzen ? 
  are you kidding ? 
   there is commercial push for it really ? 
  i have n't noticed, 
  i think talinn has the most beautiful old town that i 've seen in europe . 
  vlieland is great if you 're into nature . 
  it is the only of the wadden islands without any of the land being used for agriculture so the entire island is quite beautiful . 
  depends on how you categorize ` speaking ' a language . 
  most know some phrases and things in a handful of languages but are only fluent in two . 
  i think 3 or 4 languages is above average . 
  i personally speak 3 languages fluently ( plus dabble in another 3 or 4 ) but most people know dutch + english and what they learned from german or french in high school and that 's it . 
  agreed , i also do n't recognize the picture that / u/jadedpenguin paints . 
  sint maarten is still extremely popular where i live , far more than halloween . 
  in fact , i do n't know anyone who celebrates halloween apart from a handful of students who just use it as an excuse to party and get drunk . 
  is that the same as our drop ? 
  even better with peanut sauce and diced onions, 
  dutch , english and spanish fluently/well enough to hold in-depth conversations french and german good enough to have basic conversations latin i 'm still learning , got the basics of portuguese i can kinda/sorta understand but not really, 
  i 've been to both ukraine and turkey and would recommend both . 
  beautiful places . 
  vriendje/vriendinnetje ( little friend/little female friend ) is the usual word but people also say `` mijn vriend/mijn vriendin '' rather than `` een vriend/een vriendin '' ( my friend/my female friend as opposed to `` a friend/a female friend '' ) . 
  and yes this does sometimes cause minor confusing situations . 
  specifically a half worn-down omafiets spraypainted in funky colours that makes noise when you drive it over cobblestones . 
  i 've been as far north as jostedalsbreen but would love to visit the extreme north of your country . 
  so beautiful . 
  it looks like the other dutch cities but it has a more small town atmosphere imo . 
  because of the high percentage of students the average age is really young and life feels less rushed and more relaxed , fun and carefree . 
  i 've also been to all 12 provinces ( and the 5 wadden islands that are freely accessibly for the public ) and none of the oversees territories or ex-colonues . 
  how do they die ? 
  inadequate preparation ? 
  and why is it associated with czechs ? 
  you forgot bitterballen, 
  english as most of my uni courses are in english and there are a lot of international students at my uni . 
  then spanish . 
  macaco from spain ( though their members are from several different spanish speaking countries ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pva5aomsnsa https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4tuv0lcscy, 
  thanks < 3, 
  there 's crazy people everywhere unfortunately . 
  i 've visited turkey , bolivia , peru , brazil , argentina , chile , panama and i lived in colombia for a year . 
  i had a great time in all of them . 
  especially colombia is a country that is very close to my heart now after having lived there for a year . 
  south america in general is a great place that i loved a lot and i ca n't wait to go back there to explore more of it . 
  i loved the natural diversity there and going on multi-day hikes through the andes , the rainforests or other beautiful natural places that we do n't really have in my country . 
  [ de nieuwe wildernis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irqomdtt8g0 ) is pretty good, 
  this or snert ( really thick pea soup ) with rye bread with bacon . 
  i had four different english teachers and they were all dutch, 
  i 've traveled around south america for four months and lived in colombia for 13 months after that so i think it 's save to say that i love south america . 
  the ardeche in france , i think . 
  it was beautiful . 
  the river , canooing , walks through the mountains ( first time i ever saw mountains ) and the general vibe on the campsite , playing with other kids there every evening ... 
  i went back there many times since and it was always amazing . 
  definitely one of the most beautiful places in europe imo . 
  `` prefun '' sounds like a word that could exist . 
  `` thank you '' in dutch is `` dank u '' which is pronounced almost exactly the same as `` dans cul '', 
  asian countries like the usa ? 
  why not drink tap water ? 
  the vast majority is red though so it 's a good rule of thumb regardless . 
  what 's wrong with public transport ? 
  i have traveled by train and bus extensively when abroad , never had any major problems . 
  we do n't , typically . 
  on the 11th of november we go door-to-door with homemade lanterns , singing songs and getting candy though . 
  it was a joke, 
  it 's just that we 're better than them , which they perceive as arrogance , 
  instead of blonde jokes we tell belgian jokes . 
  i actually do n't know why exactly , pretty sure it 's just friendly banter . 
  the german bikes thing comes from wwii when the nazis confiscated bikes in the netherlands , which is pretty much the worst thing you can do to us, 
  belgians are stupid germans need to give back our bikes, 
  the most annoying to me is :  hey , where 're you from ? 
  i 'm from the netherlands ? 
   oh really ? 
  smoke weed errday 420 blaze it !, 
  definitely . 
  my city hosts many exchange students and i have yet to meet more than a handful who did n't enjoy it here . 
  it 's clean , friendly and laid back with a great student culture and the university has good quality education . 
  obviously it depends on what specifically you 're looking for but overall most people would definitely enjoy studying here in the netherlands . 
  top tier , pretty much . 
  ca n't really complain . 
  spain because i speak spanish and i like spanish people a lot . 
  official language : dutch official regional languages : frisian ( in friesland ) , english ( on saba and st. eustasius ) and papiamentu ( on bonaire ) official regional dialects : limburgish ( in limburg ) and several variants of low saxon ( in the north/eastern parts of the country ) . 
  i dated a colombian girl who was living here for a while , that was a pretty good experience . 
  la haine is awesome . 
  cassel is such a great actor . 
  everyone smokes weed . 
  actually the % of people who smoke weed is lower here than in many western countries .
