  it 's not a dick measuring contest anymore . 
  in this case , they would basically be the same thing with different settings . 
  education happens in a classroom and is for students , activism is out on the streets for people of all ages . 
  so instead of being ` against gay adoption ' , people should be ` for gay education and acceptance . ', 
  this will fix the problem . 
  i hate it when kids of gay parents bully other kids of gay parents . 
  indeed it is , especially for asians who want the `` classics '' like paris , london , rome , and have n't heard of the `` hidden '' gems like croatia and czech and other smaller countries . 
  hence , this term was coined : [ paris syndrome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome ), 
  farage v boris no armor . 
  maybe may is just punishing him before axing him ? 
  punishing him might be a good way for her to gradually improving relations with the eu . 
  ooh what ? 
  care to explain ? 
  i do n't follow dailymail and the sun . 
  do you have some examples ? 
  so what made them switch ? 
  other than gove announcing his candidacy , how exactly did he backstab boris ? 
  nope , did n't realize that because you did n't mention it until just now . 
  good save . 
  so that invalidates my point about machinery , but my points on training , language barrier , and translator costs are still relevant . 
  you refuse to look beyond your hatred for refugees and continuously focus on making their lives miserable , even though it will hurt germans . 
  manual labor replacing automations will lead to unemployment of germans because agricultural machines will not be sold . 
  manual labor provides low crop yield . 
  training people on manual labor or even using machinery takes time and language barriers will make it difficult . 
  want a translator ? 
  you bet your ass he 's gon na charge you a good amount of money . 
  i bet you ca n't see it , but your proposals will hurt , not help , germans . 
  you propose these stupid ideas based on your idiotic beliefs . 
  is your goal to hurt the german population ? 
  it is the same far-right nut jobs you vote for who will one day say `` syrians cause low yield in agriculture , prevent sales of machinery , and unemploy our people . 
  we must deport them . '', 
  the post was an article about a really nice event and the first thing you do is question the state of being of the refugee rather than acknowledge that something nice is possible from the people you do n't like . 
  your inability to see into the future is a problem not only for you but for others around you . 
  for the good of your countrymen , i hope you never run hold a public office , 
  you 're looking at this through a `` i hate refugees '' lens , and not a pragmatic view on what is best for germans . 
  filth and disease spreads , and will spread to the local population . 
  you ca n't control the spread of disease with tents . 
  plumbing , sanitation , walls , and such infrastructure helps prevent the spread . 
  if they commit a crime against a german citizen , then all actions following that is reactionary and does nothing to solve the issue . 
  on top that , a german citizen has been hurt or killed in the process . 
  it is much easier to take a proactive approach and prevent the crime happening in the first place so germans do not get hurt . 
  as for your indentured servant option , i 'm not sure how mechanized germany 's agriculture is but i would assume it would hurt more than help because there is a good chance the farmers rely on the benefits and efficiencies of agricultural engineering ( tractors , plows , sprinklers ) . 
  it would be against the interest of german farmers and economy to go back to an inefficient system . 
  edit : typo, 
  tents lead to sanitary issues , increased theft and other crimes . 
  these problems can easily become problems for german citizens , so it 's best for germany to keep the refugees out of tents . 
  one underpaid , disgruntled intern who does n't care about the vote . 
  or an aunt who just learned to use word . 
  essentially he gave his car the hitler stache, 
  or greek . 
  who knows . 
  i 'm american . 
  just looks like a colloseum to me . 
  this looks like roman ? 
  what 's that magenta between switz and germany ? 
  * ems telegram intensifies *, 
  looks like something from elder scrolls oblivion . 
   the problem with merkel is that things are n't going anywhere . 
  that 's both good and bad , but people are n't feeling it . 
  it 's not like she super duper mismanaged or anything like that , but people need to see things move forward . 
  merkel did n't deliver that to a degree that is satisfactory enough , and that naturally creates an opening . 
  it 's weird . 
  this entire post sounds like something anyone from any country could say about any politician . 
  could you explain this in detail to an outsider ? 
  i hope someone will stylize europe as robbie rotten . 
  bosnia fails to keep doctors as they head to germany . 
  needs more squat . 
  ca n't you see , sir_goodwrench is saying their singing caused the brilliant tactics and technological advancements which helped with the occupation . 
  so you would also blame the army 's janitor for bringing pain to east europe ? 
  is n't it illegal or at least alarming for foreign banks to invest in a sovereign nation 's political system ? 
  there 's no law preventing it ? 
  i always thought she was in the far right , and opposed socialists ? 
  literally every girl i know posts a picture of them on a high elevation overlooking the roofs of the city . 
  `` chocolate croissant '' in american . 
  what 's the bad ass flag next to france on the left ? 
  s h a f t _ t i p, 
  everywhere : very attractive women . 
  if you want artificial , i present to you , the former first lady of france . 
  they have denounced you . 
  ( this is not a deceleration of war ! ), 
  god : abraham , kill your son . 
  but first , fuck his dick up . 
  any time an american says european food is gross , just remind us that we have a ` burger ' where the buns were replaced with fried chicken . 
  this is one of the coolest map types i 've ever seen . 
  what 's it called ? 
  eli6 : what are the differences ? 
  eli5 : what are austro-germanic , napoleonic , common , and scandinavian laws ? 
  due to the authoritarian secular assad regime over the past decades , syrians are very moderate . 
  most syrians are not the flag-burning or burqa-enforcing types . 
  and educating them - more children = / = more money for the family in the future . 
  also educating them about the value of better education and integration to the local culture = =  better job prospect = =  stability . 
  `` pay my respects to the gaddafi . '', 
  what factors make him most/least popular among his supporters and haters ? 
  his economic plans ? 
  his nato/russia plans ? 
  his views on gay marriage ? 
  something else ? 
  oh yeah forgot about this iconic scene : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmfqpogzohi, 
  is home alone poland 's national defense strategy ? 
  averages dont signify anything valuable if the data is n't statistically normal .
