americans value individualism and independence more than group mentality and team work . 
  as a result , it is normal for members to have unhealthy rivalries and try to come out on top . 
  my experience of ( western ) europe is that they value societal and communal progress more than individualism and independence . 
  a lot of american companies do n't care about environmentalism , something i care deeply about . 
  europe is much more concerned . 
  look at the trump threads in r/europe . 
  one of the highest comments is immediately about how trump 's views and policies on the environment will impact us . 
  most companies here also do n't have a co2 or nox tax . 
  certain fundamental rights ( healthcare , education ) are luxuries for an exclusive class ( my university tuition fee was $ 40k / year ) . 
  i 'm one of those exclusives but i do not endorse this broken and money-grabbing system at all . 
  instead of healthcare , education and environment , more people get passionate about guns . 
  the 2nd ammendment ( `` a well regulated initial having the right to bear arms '' , more or less ) was meant as a way to protect the country from the british empire and french empire . 
  this is outdated . 
  gun bearers are not well regulated militias , and the us government can overpower civilians with drones , tanks , choppers , etc. 
  this stupid right pulls everyone 's heartstrings near every election season and it 's fucking archaic as system of government americans rebelled against . 
  but to an american , healthcare and education are n't rights . 
  guns are . 
  edit : # 5 : except for tech companies along the coasts founded by young people , american companies have a pyramidal structure with ceo on top , department heads below , supervisors below them , etc. 
  this leads to lack of communication down the line , up the stream , and difficulty for cross-functional teams to respect each other . 
  my experience with europe is that the companies tend to have a more lattice structure with more sideways and multidisciplinary communication . 
  latvia came up in this subreddit , so i was curious what it has to offer . 
  nothing is stopping me . 
  i 've looked into the netherlands in the past as well , and do so occasionally . 
   they all have the same values and that is returning max profits to shareholders . 
  period . 
  the end . 
  either your understanding of american corporations and american culture is limited or you are doubling down on your original statements to still be ` correct ' in an online argument . 
  period . 
  the end . 
  i 'm not from america . 
  i live in america . 
  i 'm from a much poorer country than latvia . 
  money is n't everything . 
  american businesses lack certain values that european companies have . 
  dangerously interesting fact : his vp , mike pence , can hold a 10yr presidential term if trump is somehow no longer president ~ ~ after ~ ~ ** before ** 2 years into his term . 
  this allows the vp to hold a 2yr ` fill in ' president term , and another 4 +4 year of regular presidency . 
  pence is a shitbag . 
  strongly against lgbt and women 's rights , and wants to enforce creationism into the school curriculum , and get rid of evolution . 
  edit : before 2 years , not after 2 years . 
   you have no reason to move there i 'll decide that . 
  how hard will it be for a mechanical engineer to find a job there ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  we 've played call of duty . 
   bernie would have done even worse . 
  source ? 
  reasoning ? 
  how can you budget space ? 
  space is so big and empty . 
  it 's at least like 3 times the size of the earth . 
  i got berlin . 
  oh the things i would do to get a job there !, 
  better version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owgzdynpaso though i would be in full favor if they wanted to adopt this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqyn2p3e06s, 
  assembled by ikea . 
  that adds more problems because they will have to go through the bosphorous , historically held by the ottomans . 
  so either get blocked by ottomans or pay whatever tax the ottomans demand . 
  this was one of the reasons russia joined the holy league - russia is n't even trying to spread catholocism or protestantism , but getting their hands on the bosphorous would allow them to use the black sea paying bosphorous taxes . 
  the other option would be to bypass the black sea and go and have a port in the balkans . 
  something this video does n't include is russia 's campaign for a warm water port ( a port that wo n't freeze in the winter ) . 
  this would increase russia 's trade capacity . 
  this is a main reason why russia is expanding westwards for centuries , and not so much eastwards . 
  foreign forces = poles , romanians , pakistanis and indians . 
  brought to you by the lying bastards of brexit . 
  i do n't disagree , but you make it sound like the ottoman empire was unique to this phenomena , except it is n't . 
  example : alexander the great 's macedonian empire . 
  lot 's of empire making , not a lot of empire building . 
  case in point : if you want an empire , consider the mongols . 
  none of this would 've have happened if they kept having gladitorial games and so thus had to maintain the building . 
  fixed it . 
  is that royalty and aristocrats and that group ? 
  soon we 'll have more in common  neither of us will be in the eu :(, 
  to all americans , here is a short translation guide . 
  wait for the movie to come out . 
  did n't realize it was sarcasm . 
   plus name a business that is disallowing gay clients that is n't being shutdown or harassed to shutdown in the us ? 
  that is irrelevant . 
  no business would ever need to face this if the root cause of the problem never happened . 
  a business shutting down because of this does n't make it less of a non-issue . 
  it is not a non-issue in the us . 
  changing the law does not change behavior . 
  changing the law does not change the hearts . 
  there are still many people who assault gays , and many businesses who disallow services to gays . 
  gays have a difficult and arduous screening process when adopting babies . 
  i used to live in switzerland ( french part ) and visited austria once . 
  i thought it would be just like switz , but it was quite different . 
  it is very posh , art and music is very well integrated into society and history , and i went to a little orchestral concert which i did n't think i would enjoy ( not a fan of orchestral music ) , but it was actually quite amazing and humorous ( the percussionist fired a hunting pistol and scared the crap out of the conductor ) . 
  this was in vienna . 
  would love to live there . 
  beautiful country , fascinating history and culture , breathtaking landscapes . 
  happy national day , 
  i wonder if this has anything to do with the fact that poland employment has hit the highest level in decades . 
  commit genocide against vegans and people who upload  1 meal per day on instagram . 
  whose the savior now ? 
   how will he get his porn now ? 
  he can turn on cnn or fox news to watch two grand parents fuck an entire nation . 
  the launch code is hunter42, 
  my answer is not about cutting internet lines . 
  it is on why reuters does n't report directly on the content . 
  because the content damages hillary , and they do n't want to do that . 
  they want to discredit wikileaks and assange . 
  what if i was a pleb ?
