  china and us are good examples . 
  lots of billionaires than most other countries , and lots of poor people . 
  it 's somewhat similar to to taking the data points for romania , the data points for uk , and averaging it to say it represents europe . 
  i expect the data shown for sweden to have more meaning than any other group shown . 
  that 's what * we * said ... 
  thanks , obama . 
  really makes me miss the good ol' days of 1914 when we had classic militarism , with a hint of imperialism , a dash of nationalism and pinch of an alliance system . 
  nothing bad ever happened back then . 
  those were the days . 
  are there significant advantages and disadvantages to having a mixed left-right ( / center left-right ) cabinet ? 
  love those uniforms on the horsemen . 
  so much artisan mastery and culture in just one piece of clothing . 
  venexodus sounds like a badass gaulish name , up there with vercingetorix and dumnorix . 
  i 'm pretty sure his kids are planning on exploiting daddy 's inexperience . 
  this is based on my experience living i europe , ina city with 40 % international population , of mostly other europeans . 
  i 'm assuming you 're european . 
  when your in the woods , it 's hard to see the trees . 
  palestine country size : 6020 km ^ 2 * ** as of original publication date . 
  we are all joseph guillotin on this blessed day . 
  we are all eastern europeans on this blessed day . 
  what 's it called ? 
  we typically get have to leave the hospital the day after giving birth , unless there are complications with the mother or child . 
  for people without money set aside , they have to save up before giving birth so they can afford to take 2-4 vacation days . 
  so that means if they are allowed 20 vacation days , about 16-18 days will be left for actual vacationing . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  it looked like they were grabbing random women but i suspected they staged with professionals . 
  * erection intensifies *, 
  just googled it . 
  there 's no way it 's real , right ? 
  german language : sexiest language i 've ever heard . 
  german accent : sexiest accent i 've ever heard . 
  dutch and flemish people : i ca n't tell if you 're trying to talk to me or clearing your throat . 
  slavic women : gorgeous . 
  bonus slavic : czech republic : beautiful women !, 
  scottish people : hearing you rant is music to my ears . 
  also shoutout to r/scottishpeopletwitter, 
  i meant some people 's feet get stinky while wearing shoes . 
  i guess the solution is to bring an extra pair of socks . 
  how does one disrespect bread ? 
  but what if it was jrhnbr ? 
  what if i have stinky feet ? 
  edit : guys i was n't talking about me but thanks for the support . 
  i was curious cuz i know some people get smelly feet and what the protocol is for that . 
  i 'm in the us and normally we do n't take our shoes off :p, 
   if you 're male : starting a conversation on tinder . 
  weird , i know . 
  this is why we 're dying out and girls prefer foreigners . 
  hold my beer while i move to latvia . 
  why ca n't you get in your head that the discussions are about european 's experiences of turkey and not about turkey being a european country ? 
  they 're individual items . 
  protestant reformation and englightenment were year 9 . 
  year 10 : coloniztion of americas and american independence year 11 : french revolution to unification of germany and italy . 
  year 12 : foreplay to great depression year 13 : great depression , ww2 ( i forgot to add this ) , cold war . 
  there were 3 classes in every year , and each class would focus on either russia , middle east , or china , for years 12 and 13 . 
  this was in switzerland , at an ib curriculum school ( higher level history , if that means anything to you ), 
  * protestant reformation * enlightenment * colonization of americas * american independence * french revolution * revolutionary wars * napoleon * congress of vienna * crimean war * industrial revolution in europe * unification of germany , of italy * 1871 - 1914 foreplay period ; militarism , alliances , imperialism , nationalism in europe * serfdom * fall of imperial russia * rise of communism in russia * ww1 * weimar germany * rise of fascism in italy and germany * great depression * cold war ; korean war , cuban missile crisis , detente , salt/start treaties , vietnam war , decline of detente , china , fall of ussr some of the other classes skipped on communism and russia/cold war topics , and did middle east or china in the 20th century . 
  this would be a great question to for r/askhistorians the dictator of the 20th century ( mussolini , hitler , stalin ) is not what rome had . 
  roman dictators were a constitutional office for 6-month terms used to bypass the complicated and arduous senate . 
  it was often used for emergencies , like when hannibal was destroying the romans left right and center . 
  caesar basically had an indefinite amount of 6-month terms lined up , and we do n't really know if he wanted to abdicate or go back to the regular consul system . 
  what we know is that he did not absolve the senate , so imo , he was planning on going back to the usual consul position after he got more of his people in the senate . 
  caesar was a `` good '' dictator , if you are a pleb/regular citizen , and `` bad '' dictator if you were an aristocrat . 
  he pushed a lot of land reforms where the senate would give land to the people and veterans so they can farm and generate wealth ( you really do not want angry veterans in rome ) . 
  some of these reforms lasted for 300-400 years because they were so effective and necessary . 
  these reforms would also happen again in europe during the industrial revolution ( one way to look at it was that caesar 's land reforms were ahead of his time ) . 
  caesar was also part of the populares party , the `` people 's party '' , and pushed to increase the wealth of the average citizen . 
  aristocrats and their relatives/descendants were employing slaves to do a citizens work . 
  this meant a citizen did not get paid , and slaves obviously did not get paid , so the aristocrat kept all the money to themselves . 
  this was choking the roman population so caesar wanted to reduce slave employment and employ more citizens . 
  the senate labelled caesar 's war on gaul as ` illegal ' , and that 's also a bit murky . 
  why did n't they do it at the very first year of war ? 
  why did they way so long to declare it illegal ? 
  why did they wait until caesar kept earning land , loyalty of the troops , and money ? 
  it 's very likely that the senate got jealous and tried their best to mark caesar as evil . 
  after caesar 's death , the people revolted and wanted the conspirators dead or exiled because they loved him so much . 
  he was arguably the first pragmatic senator/consul to bring popular reforms , and the first consul to bring land reforms to veterans . 
  in dante 's inferno , brutus is burning in the deepest layer of hell , and in gulliver 's travels , he is a hero for destroying an `` evil '' dictator , so these are two famous opposing ways to view caesar . 
  dont forget tarquin , mate . 
  edit : but brutus also killed the guy who killed caesar so maybe he was n't such a bad guy after all . 
  i love this channel !, 
  i watch an episode every lunch break at work !, 
  huh another til . 
  i do n't know anything about ludendorf after the war . 
  huh . . til does that also apply to scientists and musicians ? 
  not being german , i can be totally wrong about how the modern view towards them is . 
  but if i abandon my personal modern opinions and put myself in the prussian zeitgeist ( imperialism , militarism , honor , `` war is a necessity '' ) , and look at the situation they were given , they had some great victories and often tried to make the best decision out of whatever crap they inherited ( eg . 
  falkenhayn inheriting von moltke 's failed schlieffen plan and rape of belgium , ludendorf inheriting an alliance with austria that drained german manpower from the eastern front , etc. , + basically everyone inheriting an alliance system that forced a two-flank war ), 
  so austro-hungarian ? 
  kafka was czech . 
  there are heroes depending on what part of culture , history , or impact you look for . 
  fritz haber , heisenberg , frederick the great , red baron , goethe , ludendorf , hindenburg , falkenhayn , karl benz , adenauer come to mind . 
  of course , past all heroes have controversy . 
  thanks !, 
  do you have a link to the list ? 
  to add to that , there 's a long list of famous french people with heritage from abroad . 
  sarkozy ( greek/hungarian ) , carla bruni ( italian ) , napoleon ( corsica/italy ) , a ton of black and middle-eastern players from the french football team throughout the years . 
  i surprised it did n't include turing . 
  i 'm also surprised it had cromwell over kitchener or montgomery . 
  also , to all the brits here , do n't forget sir david attenborough !, 
  then why even make this post if you wo n't contribute ?
