  is there a tour of the plebian bedroom that also doubles as a bathroom ? 
  holy crap that 's gorgeous . 
  i bet the view is even prettier with the snow !, 
  everyone seems to comment on the disaster that is the euro ( of today , not the euro of possibly 2002 ) . 
  however , i can only assume that everyone is embarrassed to talk about the real disaster that is eurovision song contest . 
  high effort , low reward . 
  for installing more `` defense systems '' in e europe . 
  no we use us dollars . 
  a british pint is 20 floz , and american pint is 16 floz . 
  get off your high horse . 
  how about you ditch the pound for the kilogram ? 
   exactly will the dutch government ask of the more likely : do research/investigation right now , and get eu/nato backing . 
  we had to use miles and not km because of the space race . 
  it takes fewer miles to go to the moon than it takes kilometers . 
  this was the only way we could beat the russians . 
  america 's history shows the groups they help with military intervention eventually turn on them . 
  it 's only a matter of time before nato countries band together to declare war on the america 's way of life , such as feet , inches , and pounds . 
  we are all mexican on this blessed day , 
  indeed . 
  continental europe uses kilograms , and britain uses # . 
  it might look harsh to you right now but this is probably how the voters saw it . 
  when snowden first revealed prism , the nsa talked about how they used the program to stop threats and gave a few examples . 
  i remember hearing about some examples i never heard of , because nsa kept it a secret . 
  then the boston bombing happened and my facebook was partly full of knee-jerk sympathy `` thoughts and prayers '' , and others said `` how did nsa not catch this ? '', 
  we do n't know how often prism worked because it 's so secretive and the dod does n't want to reveal their methods . 
  we can only see the times it failed , and prism 's failures also it fit our confirmation bias . 
  democracy only works when your side wins . 
  because the public voters believe ` living a safer life with background surveillance that does n't interview with your daily life '  ` no surveillance and being dead ' now , i understand i summed up what went through most voters ' minds , but for some magical reason , reddit likes to shoot the messenger . 
  liberty = freedom . 
  you are still free to look up whatever you want on your computer . 
  they are not preventing you from being free . 
  a security company installed surveillance cameras for my front and back doors . 
  have i/the company removed anyone 's liberty ? 
  mandatory * anschluss * of the day . 
  it will inspire swiss to join eu . 
  what 's the story behind that ? 
  the only reason i keep fb is because my spotify ( premium ) is linked to it . 
  i know google music exists but i already have so many songs and playlists in spotify ; i ca n't be bothered to populate my gmusic playlist . 
   it 's also very rich . 
  but it 's a pain in the ass to learn how similar is it to `` ancient '' greek spoken in the alexander the great era and the ptolemaic egypt era ? 
  also , in this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0h7p6r0i0pa - is he speaking the type of greek alexander would have spoken ? 
  or is it a modernized version ? 
  to be fair , it all started with the american invasion that destabilized a regime in iraq and america 's lack of care in creating a stable regime to the run the country , and the vacuum being filled with whoever had more guns and men . 
  ( and possibly american influence in trying to overthrow the syrian regime from the inside . 
  who knows at this point ? 
  all important people are being killed or censored , and important docs are destroyed ), 
  casus belli : ponytail mathematician on youtube said we are doomed if we do n't . 
  u/mikatom i went to a little town/village in czech . 
  it had a haunted village story . 
  something about a priest killing her daughter by walling her inside his church because she wanted to marry some guy and the father did not approve of him . 
  now all shops and restaurants close earlier than usual because the ghost of the woman is looking for her ` boyfriend ' and apparently abducts all men who are out in the middle of the night . 
  our trip started from prague , we made a stop at sedlec ossuary , and at kutna hora , and then arrived at this town . 
  i forgot the name of this place , but maybe you know what i am talking about ? 
  if the law kills him , then expect the number of lone wolf attacks to increase . 
  silencing him removes his ability to spread the message and stops him from becoming a martyr . 
  edit : wording . 
  if he was killed by the law , he would go down as a martyr . 
  i think this is a nato/anti-russia measure . 
   eu employees enjoy perfectly sized bananas with a crying boris johnson in the background is ... is the perfectly sized banana a europe thing ? 
  mechanical engineer and supporter of finding easier ways to educate the youth on the sciences , so this goes to leibniz . 
  in my opinion , leibniz 's notation ( * dy/dx * ) is far superior to that of newton 's ( * f ' ( x ) * ) because leibniz 's is much more intuitive . 
  leibniz 's notation is extremely useful when doing 3d things like the [ navier-stokes equation ] ( https://www.grc.nasa.gov/www/k-12/airplane/images/nseqs.gif ) and every equation that comes from this ( like the heat wave eqn ) . 
  immigrant , did n't speak the language , did n't know anyone in the us , and managed to tell ford to shove it up his ass . 
  ford was actually scared of tesla and tesla 's discoveries like x-rays and ac current . 
  what i meant to say is i can understand hindi when i hear it , and i can read most of the letters . 
  it is very similar to another language i know . 
  on the other hand , urdu looks and sounds alien to me . 
  urdu and hindi are not the same language . 
  source : i understand hindi . 
  i do n't understand urdu and ca n't even tell it apart from arabic . 
  spain was also a hotbed of multicultural mingling and very accepting of other cultures . 
  source : the loading screen of civ v when you play with spain . 
  so you know . 
  most of africa did n't want to host brits but hey , here we are . 
  this is cool . 
  i had no idea iran is this advanced in medical sciences . 
  reminds me of the futurama episode where fry 's dog is waiting for him . 
  thanks !, 
  op , can you avoid the clickbait title and tl ; dr or / r/savedyouaclick ? 
  edit : typo on subreddits link, 
  it 's a real shame someone forced you to click on this thread / s, 
  could norway/leichtenstein/switzerland / turkey/isle of man/teutonic order / [ insert anything for views ] be a model ? 
  more realistic : uk does its own thing , and becomes a model for future exiters/members looking to join . 
  it could be because ` they want it ' too actually . 
  i just assumed they 're salty about wasting their turns on building something i already finished . 
  when you hold the cursor over their disposition ( like guarded or friendly ) , it says `` they covet a wonder that you built '' in bright red . 
  yes . 
  it might take around 25 turns to build a wonder like stonehenge . 
  whenever you build any wonder , there 's a good chance someone else was in the process of building it and a bunch of turns got wasted . 
  it also permanently tarnishes their relation with you . 
  conversely , they can also build wonders and up to 24 of your turns for the stonehenge may be wasted when it could have been used on another wonder , or building an army or a building . 
  when someone else builds a wonder , you can no longer build it . 
  in civ v , the eiffel tower gives you a significant happiness bonus ( necessary for generating healthy amount of science and for keeping your troops strong during a war ) , and also a culture and tourism bonus ( necessary for a cultural victory ) . 
  http://civilization.wikia.com/wiki/eiffel_tower_ ( civ5 ), 
  you might as well apply for russian citizenship then . 
  russia ca n't into poland if poland can into russia first !, 
  it 's so strange to think that for most of human history , everyone lived in black and white . 
  only recently did color television change the way we see things . 
  `` leaked report ** warns ** '' as long as they treat each other like enemies , they will behave like enemies . 
  nothing to `` warn '' about .
