i sleep like a baby , thanks . 
  i rather enjoy the notion of impending doom . 
   how is russia supplying the ukrainian separatists any different from us supplying the syrian rebels ? 
  it is no different at all , but we 're not discussing syria right now , we 're discussing the possibility of a completely valid reason why media are possibly showing a slightly less than gravy view of russia . 
  it 's not quite relevant to the post , but i neither support russia destabilizing eastern ukraine and annexing crimea , nor do i support arming the fsa , soi , peshmerga , or any other force in the middle east , as it 's never turned out well , for anyone involved . 
  i was merely playing devil 's advocate and pointing out a fact . 
  whataboutism is fine though , if you want to retort with it , but just know , i support no one in any of these conflicts , because i 've seen enough to realize that no matter who is fighting who , it 's all a fucking waste . 
  let 's not deny that the last few years , sinse putin has decided to go a bit loopy , we 're slowly entering what seems to be a slightly less severe cold war ... did we ever truly leave it , or has it been somewhat like the korean war ? 
  both america and russia are still flexing their muscles to one another , they always have done , and i 'd imagine , while they 're both able to , will continue to do so . 
  it 's fucking stupid , because it 's not like there 's much of a reason to anymore . 
  all nations send planes into each others airspace on a regular basis . 
  russia , usa , the uk , denmark , sweden , the netherlands , france , you name someone , they 're doing the same . 
  it 's an intelligence prod , to get an accurate response time from the target nations scrambled jets . 
  sure , russia is a big bad scary bear who wants to eat your children , but do n't try to point out something they do , without realising your self , that many others , including your own , do this too , even if they keep it under wraps . 
  [ spanish fighter jets fly into british territory ] ( http://www.globalaviationreport.com/2014/10/05/spanish-fighter-jets-intrude-into-british-airspace-over-gibraltar/ ) [ us fighter jets intrude into sri lankan air space ] ( http://www.sundaytimes.lk/110807/news/nws_01.html ) [ forum post about sir lankan intrusion ] ( http://defence.pk/threads/us-fighter-jets-intrude-into-sri-lanka-air-space-breaking-news.123578/ ) [ usaf b-52 bomber flies over chinese air space as a direct threat ] ( http://online.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052702303281504579221993719005178 ) [ america breaching pakistani airspace ] ( http://www.dnaindia.com/world/report-american-fighter-jets-intrude-into-pakistani-airspace-1325421 ) [ in 2001 , a us jet got into a bit of a scuffle on china 's border ] ( http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/world/2001-04-01-collide.htm ) [ indian jets enter pakistani air space ] ( http://www.geo.tv/12-14-2008/30638.htm ) double edit : i kind of expected the downvotes , so i 've provided evidence to my claims . 
  well , they did just go walking into crimea with tanks and shit , and actively try to escalate tensions in eastern ukraine ... 
  trying to convince eastern europeans or finland to be scared would make more sense than sweden though ... 
  personally , britain , as a unified entity under the union flag represents to me the coming together of the three kingdoms of england , wales and scotland . 
  an end to the years of fighting and the start of all kingdoms as one , working for the greater good of the island of britain . 
  together , english , welsh and scottish worked together to drive forward scientific and industrial advancements , many of which would have likely not have been made for a while , without the collective wealth of knowledge and power shared by all . 
  another example , really ... 
  when we think of the world wars , we do n't look at the individuals contributions of each separate country , we look at the combined efforts of the united kingdom , both british and irish men and women working together as one , to protect one another , as allies , as neighbours , from outside aggressors . 
  there 's more to it , such as the fact that , i think the union flag is one sexy ass flag , but i hope you get the gist of it . 
  i like the idea behind not seperating each other with arbitrary borders on a small island that we all inhabit together . 
  it 's 3am and i should get some sleep , if you have any more questions , feel free to ask . 
  so , it 's a win - win for everybody , except hopefully the tories . 
  this is my reasoning for not using the st george 's cross . 
  i love my country , but i 'm more proud of my british identity than !, 
  english . 
  i think the edl etc. 
  play the biggest part in my dislike of my englishness , but never mind . 
  if your desserts are dry , you should probably make them in a more temperate environment . 
  i hear making desserts in a desert will make any dessert dry . 
  bonjour my amigo , shoot das wee petite cunts , will you ? 
  the nords also settled into york ( jorvik ) and ireland , which , by your logic means that england and ireland have a right to be a part of this nordic union . 
  that 's cameron for you . 
  family man # 1 - `` unless it 's got bubble wrap around every surface possible , i 'm banning it ! '', 
  it 's like playing ck2 at x10000 speed, 
  i did n't get the jooke either , until i read it through a few times and noticed the flags . 
  because the only way people will respect hordes of people entering their country illegally is by playing the `` think of the women and children '' card . 
  why do you think there was front page headlines with a picture of a dead kid ? 
  it drums up emotions . 
  play a video of an isis firing squad , or a street beheading in the middle of raqqa though , images of men being slaughtered , no one gives a fuck unless it can be spun into a national issue , as in the whole western journalist beheading incident . 
  but remember everybody , we live in a patriarchal society where men are deified and only women and children get killed every day fighting for their freedo - ... * / sarcasm *, 
  so ... they 're in a nation that is not at war and has one of the highest social happiness indexes in europe , and we 're to believe they 're still trying to escape war torn syria ? 
  it 's a choice made from greed ... but do n't forget , lads . 
  dead baby boy !, 
  argh !, 
  let them illegally cross into the nation of their choosing because if you do n't you 're morally bankrupt . 
  i wonder when we 'll see the homeless forcibly taking up residence in other people 's homes . 
  i ca n't wait to hear people guilt homeowners into accepting the homeless in . 
  so you believe that we should just throw our hands up and stop trying to create protective solutions against those weapons ? 
  here 's a sad fact for you . 
  no matter how much you want to stop weapons , weapons have always been a driving force in humanity , and will always be so . 
  i would like to live in a world where we do n't have to walk around with the possibility of being shot , it would be fantastic , would n't it ? 
  it 's not going to happen though , and it honestly does n't matter how much you shout about `` celebrating '' the arms industry , people are always going to be fighting for one reason or another , and those fights will inevitably involve weapons of any sort . 
  fists , clubs , swords , guns , vehicles , nuke , you name it . 
  i 'm more than happy for others to want to bring solutions to the market that can save lives against these weapons . 
   because better armour leads to better guns leads to better armour etc. 
  unfortunately it does n't quite work that way . 
  cave men did n't decide to start making spears and mallets because their rivals were walking around with stone body armour , you have your chicken and your egg reversed . 
  the uk and us navies are n't developing autonomous [ phalanx ciws ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilcvt9p7cug ) , or [ rail guns ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eobepuhvyaw ) because modern rifles are n't strong enough to penetrate kevlar anymore , they 're developing them to provide a more accurate , more powerful weapon to use should the need ever arise . 
  the entire thing is more complex than `` we build armour and they build guns , '' there are a multitude of different reason weapons are made , not just armour . 
  also , downvotes are meaningless , but if it means anything at all , i 've not done so , because it 's pointless trying to censor those you disagree with . 
  in what way is reinforced armour celebrating the arms industry ? 
  this stuff is designed to stop you being killed by arms fire ... is it not therefore against the use of deadly force , given that its intentions are to protect people ? 
  you 're treading on sticky ground man - / r/europe is up to it 's neck in americans , proceed with caution . 
  so we send over politicians , military personnel and aid workers to africa to curb the warlords , build schools , establish working , governmental structure ... then they declare independence , start a civil war , oh wait , that already happened post ww1/2 and started a lot of the mess in the middle east . 
  the west ca n't help , because every time we try , we get called imperialist aggressors , trying to steal wealth from natives , etc. 
  having just read the article fully , he appears to have blown himself up in a bakery * presumably owned * by the former culture minister . 
  perhaps it is some attempt at a political statement ? 
  hopefully we can get a little more news on this in the coming weeks . 
  sounds like an odd way to commit suicide ... why that particular fashion in that particular bakery ? 
  now reverse subjects in the title . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
  i despise what is represents as much as anyone else , but when you fight barbarism with more barbarism , it does nothing but fuck shit up more and further fuel their hatred of the `` infidel '' . 
  woahwoahwoagwoay trigger warning ?!?!, 
  while you are sort of making a point , would n't it win you more favours if you just posted a link to your rape statistics in sweden ? 
  did it for you < 3 yeah , i see now , bit of a mistake . 
   problematic people yep , knew i 'd see that phrase somewhere in this thread, 
  romans ? 
  slavery and animal abuse ... 
  guess we should knock the colloseum down , too . 
  even juicier , is one of the co-founders has cultural roots with the zulu . 
  guess which pre-colonial tribe went on a genocidal spree in zimbabwe and south africa before any colonists showed up , and massacred 2 million people ? 
  holy shit , i love it . 
  i recall when i was a kid , back maybe 15 years ago , when the media kept spouting this `` nasa to have a moon base by 2020 ! '', 
  and `` nasa , men on mars by 2010 ! '', 
  - same thing , different continent . 
  all that has been done , is a few hundred scientists express their wishes , and show plans that they think could work for the deployment of a habitat on the moon , and nothing more . 
  there has been no discussion of their funding , there has been no confirmation from the eu that they will allocate funds for the project , at this very moment , it 's simply a pipe dream and nothing more . 
  when i see governments take it as seriously as jfk did , when i see them give funding to the esa to make this work , i 'll take it seriously , until then , it 's just another bit of sensationalist media hype to rake in the clicks and generate ad-revenue off of a discussion by experts . 
  there , wonderful , . 
  was n't too hard posting a comment with more value than , `` fucking cess pits , shut them down , '' was it ? 
   attacked because i posted a link to a stupid remix of an edl guy having a hissy fit over islam , as you were ? 
  referring to islamic schools as a , `` cess pit , '' implying that those that attend them are disgusting degenerate people , and you do n't consider ** that ** bullying ? 
  huh , strange , i was n't aware that knee-jerk reactionism was rational . 
  also , i was hardly bullying you . 
  i just saw your attitude , and thought it was fucking hilarious , and it reminded me of the nutty edl bloke . 
  `` fucking muslim schools are scum , cess pits , fully of dirty arabs abusing human rights ! '',
