time for that referendum . 
  yes , we do n't want that eu virus on reddit . 
  another reason to leave the eu . 
  well , at least it stops it happening on british streets ... . oh wait . 
  it is giving away power . 
  plain and simple . 
  i see your point , but people in the uk do n't want this . 
  we 'd rather keep our own power than share it with the rest of europe . 
  keep our own government than give our governments power away yet still have a ` state government ' . 
  no federal europe . 
  you 've not convinced me in a federal europe . 
  why should we ? 
  what would be the benefit ? 
  why would our government just give away it 's power to someone else ? 
  does the russian pm even have power ? 
  i just assume what ever happens in russia is putin 's will ? 
  doubtful . 
  in the uk it depends on your local police force . 
  the uk ca n't help being so desirable . 
  we are the ` us ' of europe . 
  british newspapers are like us tv news channels . 
  awful . 
  italy . 
  it is a beautiful nation . 
  the americans are just angry that they are n't selling ships etc to russia . 
  it 's all business baby . 
  but he converted . 
  i ca n't see ed converting to anglicanism . 
  he 'll be the first non-christian or rather the first person not to pretend to be christian to be in charge of a church . 
  if the labour party wins the 2015 uk general election , the uk will have an atheist jew as prime minister . 
  this will be interesting as we still have an official christian church where bishops sit in the upper chamber . 
  of course it 's toxic . 
  it 's where parliament sits . 
  it would n't surprise me if current politicians get named bringing the british government crashing down . 
  the italians should turn the boats around and take them back . 
  all schools should be secular . 
  it 's that simple . 
  soon . 
  we 're just waiting for our referendum and we 'll leave after that . 
  they will be pushing their agenda at next years general election in the uk . 
  it 's more than a protest vote for ukip . 
  some people in the uk really want out of the eu . 
  de-central . 
  you need to put a stop to the islamic rise before turkey becomes like iran or saudi arabia . 
  things change . 
  nothing . 
  they 're not interested . 
  i do n't have an economic view . 
  i wish politicians stopped forcing their disagreements on us . 
  if i want to drink russian vodka i 'll drink russian vodka . 
  i just woke up :p mainly i describe myself as a raging liberal . 
  i 'm pro-equal marriage . 
  anti-nsa spying etc. 
  do you mean nationality ? 
  mainly british . 
  sometimes english . 
  it gets confusing . 
  i was british for the queen 's jubilee . 
  english for the euros . 
  they british for the olympics . 
  then so be it . 
  that video was utter crap . 
  democracy , 
  it 's also my democratic right not to vote should i not wish to . 
  it works both ways . 
  i also have a democratic right not to vote . 
  i just hope a party appeals to me at the general election . 
  yes . 
  if i was to vote for a party regardless of what they do , they would n't change . 
  if they want my vote they 'll try harder to `` speak to me '' . 
  i was joking about the weather . 
  not in this weather , 
  i decided not to vote . 
  i know i will get downvoted for saying this , but it is because no party really speaks to me currently and all i would be doing is picking at random , which i think is a dangerous way to vote , so i decided not to vote . 
  i blame the education system . 
  i had to teach myself grammar and correct spelling , and i still get it wrong occasionally . 
  i thought we always vote on tuesdays in the uk ? 
  shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders . 
  just english . 
  it 's the only language you need . 
  democracy !, 
  are n't the czechs very euro skeptic ? 
  i did n't realise it still existed . 
  talk about a non-country , 
  pass . 
  so we should become a federal europe because we 'd compete with the us as top dog ? 
  pass . 
  nationality . 
  i never identify as european . 
  i 've never needed to . 
  the uk restricts sales of alcohol to sunday hours ? 
  if this is true , oops . 
  they should be a united states of europe , but eu states should choose to join it rather than all eu nations automatically joining it . 
  this way skeptic nations do n't have to worry about being swallowed up by a federal europe while not slowing down the nations that do want a federal europe . 
  if russia invades an eu country the eu will be forced to do nothing . 
  just english will do . 
  i think it does n't exist . 
  i do n't want kids . 
  i do n't like them . 
  just stay open and call their bluff .
