from the lancet and showed in a french newspaper : http://www.lemonde.fr/planete/article/2014/05/29/pres-du-tiers-de-l-humanite-souffre-d-obesite-ou-de-surpoids_4428302_3244.html, 
  split personalities ? 
  the other guy also pretends he 's some hot blonde girl living next door and looking for no string attached hook ups, 
  no , and no one got prosecuted , except the building concierge , for lack of security . 
  later , the case got dropped with a ` non lieu ' , ` never happened ' , or you could say ' ca n't be proved ' i 've dug up the story since it was 20 years ago , it was no more fresh in my mind . 
  during the protest , some fishermen did throw ` rockets ' they use to send leach between boats . 
  a couple of them ended up on the building roof . 
  it did set fire later that day . 
  because police was not able to tell if it was intentional and because the government was trying to cool things down , they focused on the civil servants that where responsible for the security . 
  and later , dropped the case . 
  now , the general consensus about it is that fishermen did it on purpose, 
  a pic of the place , it now have been restored http://www.ouest-france.fr/incendie-du-parlement-20-ans-apres-un-hors-serie-retrace-cet-evenement-1853705, 
  i 'm a cultural mix , mother is english , father is french . 
  i ca n't count how many times i 've been in a situation where my english culture where you try to respect other citizens , and respect the society in general is struck by french culture where letting people get away from misconduct is a national sport . 
  one example , there was this guy on new year 's night that was driving , completely drunk he had almost smashed a couple of cars . 
  i was following his car , then i saw 2 police patrolmen , told them about it , like `` maybe you should check if he 's fine ? '', 
  their answer : `` in 1942 , i bet you 'd been with the occupation forces ... '' the fact that this guy could have been a danger for someone else did reach their brain, 
  20 years ago , fishermen strike , 2 crs wounded by rockets you use to send leach from a boat to another . 
  one lost his leg . 
  that 's why they now wear armors . 
  also , some protesters did set on fire historical building , ... with people inside ... one of my friends is a crs , stories i heard showed me it can escalate quickly . 
  one of my friends is in the police you send when there 's demonstrators . 
  the crs , he explained me once . 
  since 1968 incidents , french people do n't want dead people in protests anymore . 
  also , they think people are entitled to protest . 
  so , when there is no immediate danger , they let people protest , make their little tantrums and wait till they calm down . 
  now , if it becomes dangerous for any party , they arrest and charge protester . 
  not to mention one thing , there 's people supporting theses people without protesting . 
  typically , the so called ` man of the street ' . 
  treat protester bad , and you turn theses people from little annoyance to ` martyrs of some cause ' . 
  that what happened to anti gay marriage supporters , when they started to get arrested , photos and videos of police brutality was everywhere . 
  nothing about protesters violence ... nowadays , image is important . 
  my friend is not the last to go for a fight , but for him , a good day is when nobody got injured and people where able to use there right to protest, 
  here in france , for a awfully long time , benny hill consider one of the best contribution to humanity from the english . 
  sarkozy did n't get the memo, 
  in france they have similar laws since quite a while . 
  i guess it 's because we had more population from parts of africa where it 's still a ritual . 
  in the cases a woman or kid needs a reconstruction , it fully taken in charge by our nhs . 
  they also get psychological support . 
  before that , french doctor pierre foldes specialized in genital reconstruction , found a way to ` repair ' women and used to do it for free . 
  https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_foldes we could say that this only happened in africa , but for a while , it was not totally uncommon to be done to french or english women that churches or doctor 's felt they were too easy, 
  this , we also had communist in the first post war government led by not at all communist de gaulle . 
  til that france has far more people considering themselves christians than people going to church . 
  so tell me why you can optionaly pass regional languages in the state run baccalaureat ? 
  http://etudiant.lefigaro.fr/orientation/actus-et-conseils/detail/article/l-alsacien-langue-regionale-la-plus-prisee-au-baccalaureat-2720/ the real reason why theses languages are dying is simple : you do n't get a job by speaking a regional language most population do n't speaks anyway . 
  while english , japanese ... 
  yes you get courses at school and there 's private schools for people that want the full `` minority '' stuff . 
  but let 's stay serious , it 's nice and all , but if most people do n't go to theses schools , it 's because it ' quite worthless . 
  my mother is english and we almost always lived in france ... 
  in a house . 
  that 's something that puzzled my ex wife , she was from brazil , there , poor people live in houses , rich , in big buildings , mostly for security reasons, 
  they are not illegal , though , you must ask a judge to get a paternity test . 
  and if you refuse it , judge can decide you 're the legitimate father . 
  this is what happened to a rich guy , ex of rachida dati , formerly in charge of the justice minister here in france . 
  now , concerning the offspring below a story about a guy i knew ... life is not all simple there was this guy i knew in the 80 's , he was living in the street , in paris , he was from glasgow . 
  once he told me his story and how it went downhill . 
  so , he was the 4th kid in the family , his father was always distant with him . 
  the next day of his 18th birthday , his father said `` you 're not my son , you 're an adult now , so get out of here , i wo n't pay for some bastard ! '', 
  what pissed me off with his story was that he never asked for anything , he was born because of his mother 's actions , and he was the one to pay the price . 
  when i met him , he was feeling he was some kind of pest, 
  there was this guy i knew in the 80 's , he was living in the street , in paris , he was from glasgow . 
  once he told me his story and how it went downhill . 
  so , he was the 4th kid in the family , his father was always distant with him . 
  the next day of his 18th birthday , his father said `` you 're not my son , you 're an adult now , so get out of here , i wo n't pay for some bastard ! '', 
  what pissed me off with his story was that he never asked for anything , he was born because of his mother 's actions , and he was the one to pay the price . 
  when i met him , he was feeling he was some kind of pest, 
  france was quite blamed on an international level for its ban on burkas and its want to keep all religions at bay . 
  england felt they could let communities do what they wanted , they had bombings , belgian did let them do what they wanted too , bombing . 
  and of course , france did fight and took its share of pain , but if we have to face terrorism , at least , let 's try to keep our values . 
  people coming in should adapt , not because we 're not tolerant , but because some of their values are too far away from ours and there 's no reason why we should go back in time and forget centuries of philosophy and our modern social rules . 
  the problem is , they 're pushing their agenda and the nice multi culturalism does n't really work when the other part just want to crash your way of living . 
  turkey used to be a model in the region edit : in the nineties when it was getting closer to europe, 
  ok then , schwarzenegger or conchita wurst ? 
  no , no you ca n't ask for mozart, 
  you 're right , we should kick out pensioners from south of france , portugal and spain , they do n't even bother speaking our languages and they use and abuse of our funded nhs . 
  let 's welcome tiny weenie britain , used to be called great britain, 
  people that wanted the uk glory back will have a difficult wake up soon . 
  england is turning to a geographic midget . 
  quite sad, 
  so you mean that most of the economic reasons given by brexiters against eu will backlash with stronger tories, 
  let 's see some positive points , no more english people winning the european lottery , now , if we could get rid of the spanish too , they tend to have a lucky hand, 
  that 's how you can spot courageous `` fighters '' ... 
  these data are pretty accurate and i feel sorry for you guys !, 
  based on the kind of porn films germans produce , i 'll pass . 
  in corsica , a french island between italy and france , they are known for their proud insular behavior , in other words , if you have a house there and do n't live their during the year , do n't use inland work forces or are not from the island in general , they just blow up your house . 
  since they are `` nice '' people , they check if you 're not inside before the fireworks . 
  you can avoid such local particularity by paying a bribe . 
  they are doing it less often since a couple of years , i guess it 's because they made their point clear ... 
  some parts in paris are turning like this too , slowly but surely , airbnb is doing its fair share, 
  dirty jokes are a way to distance ourselves from atrocities . 
  no , just a nice path with not many cars , i have to train during my vacations ... 
  cool , if i can get good info  any option for 10k running ? 
  did n't think about the stromboli , but it will surely make souvenirs for my kid !, 
  well , sort of , she 've spent a month here : http://www.unjourencaledonie.com/baie-de-kanumera-ile-des-pins/ technically , it 's supposed to be ... france, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll check these places . 
  we 'll be with my teenager , she 's not yet in her `` lazy and bored mode '' so i feel we 'll be able to move around ... 
  wow , i think it 's where i 'll go in 2 weeks , gf planned all for us ... 
  anything around worth seeing ? 
  fars as i remember , he said once that he never used any .
