unfortunately , for the first one , it 's best to keep that info to yourself unless you really know who you 're talking to . 
  you will be the living incarnation of the world 's problems . 
  esp if you look well off and the person you 're talking to is n't . 
  i bet it 's similar if you go to some other countries . 
  just not many ppl know it about russia . 
  i 'm sure . 
  no hard feelings , i loved the country . 
  well , i guess i had an uncommon experience ? ) ) ), 
  one time it was stewardess in the plane to mandrid . 
  she spoke english because she made announcements in english with no accent . 
  i would talk to her in english asking for coffee/whatever and she responds something speaking quickly in spanish . 
  it went back and forth for a while . 
  eventually she ignored me and left . 
  ignored me for rest of flight . 
  second time was while ordering tapas . 
  maybe seller drunk ? 
  i do n't know . 
  we started speaking english first and he had an accent but understood what i was asking . 
  2 sentences in he switches to spanish and seems to understand what i 'm asking because he 's preparing exactly what i ordered . 
  when i 'm almost done ordering , he puts all ingredients back and says something quickly in spanish . 
  then i ask him what is wrong etc and he does n't respond and shoos me . 
  i 'm asking what happened ? 
  and he gets a little more aggressive and does the hand shoo gesture . 
  it kinda escalated from there a little more and we left . 
  i 'm still not sure why he was upset or what i said . 
  it seemed like portuguese a lot more friendly towards english speakers compared to madrid people for whatever reason even when they do n't speak it . 
  my partner speaks spanish so i ask her and we got tapas in other place ) ) ) ) after that , she talked to locals instead and everyone was super friendly . 
  but yes , i only had 2 experiences like this so i might be completely wrong . 
  on a second thought , you 're right . 
  `` my favorite champagne is from spain '', 
  i got into my fair share of arguments/borderline fights for these : * while in barcelona : `` i thought catalonia is part of spain '' * while in portugal : `` would you say portugal is a lot like spain ? '', 
  * while in madrid : insist on speaking english with someone who is replying to your english in spanish, 
  this one is more estonian than russian . 
  while visiting estonia as a russian , start speaking to a shopkeeper in russian . 
  `` finland beat ussr in the winter war '', 
  * `` i am jewish as well '' * ( while in st. petersburg ) is moscow the cultural center of russia ? 
  * stare at policemen * sit down in the bus outside of the bigger cities when there are older people standing, 
  `` i 'm ok with ukraine joining nato '', 
  sure , i agree if we talk about france or spain/portugal or something as a point of comparison . 
  ok , good night . 
  it 's been a pleasure to have a constructive discussion . 
  ireland + finland : http://www.ijesd.org/papers/29-d438.pdf, 
  that would make sense if there were arabic muslims in western europe the whole time . 
  there were n't any . 
  finland was 0.02 % muslim until recently . 
  finland + ireland 2 . 
  pretty sure most people in denmark have n't seen a single muslim person until recently . 
  also it has nothing to do with postww2 rebuilding . 
  it happened in the 90s and later . 
  did they have the same `` unrest '' in the 90s ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  also , they were n't the same muslims . 
  most of them came from bosnia where the culture is very different . 
  that 's not true . 
  france/germany/whatever had the same low/nonexistant population as czech republic . 
  finland had 0.02 % until recently . 
  no it 's not . 
  it is not in the far east . 
  it is about the same distance as going to turkey which is the closest arabic country to them . 
  there is absolutely no reason why they could n't have traveled there if they wanted to . 
  the point we 're talking about is not how jolly the life was in ussr . 
  the question is whether czechoslovakia was isolated from islamic cultures as compared to western european countries . 
  my point is that they were not more isolated than western countries and that the iron curtain has nothing to do with current intolerance of refugees from the middle east except for economical reasons . 
  almost everyone within soviet union could travel all over the place . 
  i know my grandparents did back in the 50s . 
  people in western soviet republics did n't like the incoming russian tourists that much but that 's another story . 
  edit : i did n't know this , but in fact it looks like you could travel all over the place even if you came from a western country : http://retours.eu/en/39-intourist-ussr-posters/ not sure where you guys are getting the information . 
  i 'm not advocating for murdering of 100 civilians . 
  the reason they attacked was that they just were n't sure if you guys were going to leave the union and defect to nato or whatever . 
  losing czechoslovakia would have been huge loss if war with nato was to happen and a lot more people would have died . 
  regardless , i 'm glad things are improving for you and that everything 's much better than in the 90s . 
  for russia it 's worse , but we are responsible for it ourselves . 
   invaded their country you mean saved them from the nazis ? 
  please remember that hitler wanted to kill all slavs at some point . 
  in '46 they voted for commies themselves . 
  in '48 there was a coup by the party they elected and that was about to lose . 
  maybe it would n't have succeeded without soviet backing . 
  maybe it would . 
  nobody knows . 
  yeah their economic conditions were less than ideal for 40 yrs . 
  i do n't think anyone died from starvation . 
  they could n't get nice fresh fruits or quality meat various other luxuries . 
  yes , there was constant propaganda and some people who had publicly voiced dissenting opinions got sent to ` education camps ' in siberia . 
  but let 's keep things in perspective . 
  by the '80s when andropov came to power , things were n't that bad and now they had 20 yrs to recover . 
  let 's not blame everything on the soviets . 
   i 'm just saying that they isolated us from the rest of the world . 
  that 's true . 
  however , you guys could travel to ussr via intourist . 
  i do n't think many people wanted to though since the conditions in ussr were much worse than in most central europe . 
  if one wanted to though , they could easily see lots of people of various ethnicities within soviet union ranging from slav russians to bashkirs ( turkish ppl ) in the southwest to chechens also in sothwest to georgians , kalmyks , etc. 
  i mean there are buryats people who look like this https://transformsiberia.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/dsc_0057_2.jpg and who are buddhist and here are muslim tatars in ukraine : http://islam.in.ua/sites/default/files/field/image/dsc_0134.jpg so yes the economics conditions were shit for you guys compared to what it is now , but you could travel a huge part of `` eurasia '' and see all the various people in the glorious motherland . 
  edit : overall , my point is that you guys have been exposed to muslims no less than western europe . 
  generally , i think if we are to blame anything , we should blame the culture/economic conditions . 
  germans are tolerant because they still feel guilty about all the nazi history . 
  the scandinavians are tolerant right now because they have it really good - a very strong social safety net for everyone and low corruption so they feel guilty that others do n't get the same goodness . 
  former soviet bloc countries do n't feel like they should be nearly as tolerant . 
  the people there went through shit their entire lives , struggling through corruption and hustling their way to laughable wealth by western standards . 
  and now they 're asked to welcome a ton of refugees from war torn countries because america started shit there . 
  of course they 're gon na have a problem with that .
