   pool in resources we already do , it 's called the eu budget and they spend billions on infrastructure . 
  maybe instead of being arrogant they should have protected their borders . 
  still not even mentioning the ongoing terror on the continent where terror suspects are able to travel through to different countries even after committing atrocities , see abdel . 
  you still did n't explain how it was our lack of schengen which caused the problems . 
   there are ways to facility cooperation between each member so why did n't they already do it ? 
  why do we need to be a member to stop it ? 
  just sounds like you want us to be in schengen so all of the illegals can come here and be our problem , then pretend you fixed the problem . 
   illegal immigration will happen regardless of schengen and yet , calais is proof that not being in schengen is quite good at preventing quite a lot . 
   i am not pretending that schengen is perfect no , you a pretending it would prevent illegal immigrants arriving on the uk 's doorstep and you have n't bothered to explain how . 
   that level of expertise is valuable oh yes it is . 
  always good to have a man on the inside , worth every penny . 
   if the uk was in schengen we would have stopped them instead of doing nothing yeah , right . 
  uk not being in schengen only stopped them going further . 
  the problem stems from schengen member 's inability to cooperate or secure their borders , if the uk was in schengen they would have simply crossed into the uk . 
  like brushing dust under the carpet , it 's not solving the problem . 
  edit : a downvote is no more an argument than the nonsense you wrote . 
  it did n't create calais , the schengen members who allowed those people to illegally enter caused the problems in calais . 
  the reason calais exists is because we are preventing them from entering , which is exactly what we want . 
  it 's what schengen members should want too but they seem entirely incompetent when it comes to security so i would n't want open borders with them anyway . 
  so what project did we benefit from that we did n't pay for ? 
  still waiting . 
  such as ? 
  you realise when we joined the eu was just called the common market ? 
  there was no political union . 
  you realise notting hill carnival is an afro-caribbean carnival ? 
  it 's majority black people and you are calling them animals in a zoo ? 
  not very european of you tbh . 
  cazeneuve just agreed to it , that 's what the article is about . 
  not enforcing what ? 
  ok then . 
  you are not a country though so you do n't have to deal with the realities of political negotiations . 
  you have to be a dick sometimes to counter when your opponent decides they might be a dick . 
  you made a strawman , i pointed it out and you decide to call me dumb . 
  i did n't make any argument either way . 
   did i lied * did i lie since we are talking about dumb . 
  no just the trade war part , ca n't remember who mentioned visas but it might have been a hypothetical . 
   not giving you all the benefits without any of the downsides that 's incredibly simplistic . 
  if you want to talk about taking away benefits do n't expect us to to not do the same . 
  trade war or blocking uk citizens from travelling visa free for example would be pretty clear signs of vindictive sabotage . 
  german ministers have already threatened such action prior to the vote so nothing is off the table . 
   something called keeping my word well that all depends on how much the eu keeps it 's word during negotiations . 
  when we agreed the eu was n't actively trying to sabotage the economy as some have now suggested they would in order to punish the uk . 
  only an idiot would agree to keep funding regardless of what the eu is doing to us . 
  i 'm sure mutually beneficial projects will be fine , but we need to accept the realities of negotiating . 
  i do n't care for your dismissal of the argument , i did n't make it anyway . 
  my point is you are arguing in bad faith and calling people idiots for pointing that out wo n't get you very far . 
   nowhere except on anglo media  quelle mauvaise foi , c'est dingue , 
   would have less debts when they change back to the drachme do people actually make that argument ? 
  is n't the argument that they will be able to become competitive with a weaker currency and return to growth much faster ? 
  sounds like a bit of a strawman to me . 
  [ le monde ? 
  i think i 'm just going to block you . 
  i 've had enough deranged brexit obsessed eu fanatics messaging me for one day . 
  give it a rest . 
  [ nowhere ? 
   you ca n't have access but you must also pay some people just want all of the benefits without the consequences  cherry-picking . 
  he died from his injuries yes , but that does n't mean they set out to kill someone . 
  big difference , especially legally . 
  are you really comparing teenagers beating a man to groups with ak-47 committing a massacre ? 
  fair enough , i still think it 's ridiculous . 
  15 year old nationalists killing people ? 
  most likely reason is a bunch of idiotic teens found two drunk guys and decided to give them a kicking , would n't be the first time . 
  is this a parody ? 
   someone passing me a note saying `` go home polish vermin i really wonder why the bloke who made those laminated cards only bothered to hand one of them out . 
  seems like a bit of a waste . 
  maybe the police could have found the person responsible if we had more than one . 
  i 'm sorry but i really do n't take anything you say seriously . 
   potentially proud white nationalists yeah , white nationalists killing white people ... you realise `` white nationalism '' actually transcends borders and only cares about skin colour . 
  incidentally poles are heavily represented in white nationalist movements and even have their own polish groups fighting against non-whites . 
  why do you sound so smug and pleased with yourself over a man being killed ? 
  no , i wo n't bet on it or try to use it push an agenda in absence of the facts . 
   where racial motivation where is the evidence for this ? 
  i really think some people jump to conclusions way too soon on reddit . 
  i seem to recall a lot of hand-wringing over some `` racist '' attack on romanians when it turned out the romanians and pakistanis were actually fighting over drinking alcohol on the street . 
  of course it does ... too little state haha , the eu , too little state . 
  when flanby was elected . 
  because they set the low tax deal for a reason . 
  look at the current irish gdp , they sustain themselves by attracting corporations from the uk and now the eu . 
  google apparently do all of their advertising sales in the uk from a small office in ireland instead of their huge office in london . 
   which flaw in my logic read my first response dumb dumb  and how did i go off tagent read your fist response to me dumb dumb you completely misunderstood my point and started going off on brexit . 
  i 'm not to going to summarize the entire exchange it 's there for you to read . 
  this is almost painful even by this subs standards . 
   mate i 'm perfectly calm some of the ridiculous things you have said in response to me pointing out a flaw in your logic suggest otherwise . 
  you have completely gone off on a tangent . 
   i 'm also not a bigot . 
  highly unlikely . 
  i gave you a counter and you went on a tangent about how much you hate brexit and everybody in the uk . 
  wow . 
  seek help , you are way too worked up over this . 
  the `` little '' btw is another way of saying precious nothing to do with actual size and great is a reference to the fact that great britain is the largest of the british isles does n't actually mean great . 
  btw i am australian and french , so you can stop being a danish bigot . 
  looking at your downvotes you seem to be firmly in the minority here . 
  thankfully we , unlike you , are n't going to infer some ridiculous stereotype on all danes or europhiles based on your rantings . 
   arguing for your lost cause if you think you have convinced anyone you are deluded . 
  all you have done is repeat yourself about 50 times and sound slightly more upset each time . 
  just let it go . 
   ca n't even troll right from the looks of your posting in here it looks to have worked a treat . 
  take a break and go pray to the eu or get some eu sanctioned fresh air . 
   what did you expext maybe they expected that while shitting on us they would n't claim our medals as their achievement ? 
  can you follow a simple sentence ?
