the other part of the definition is effectively void now . 
  no it is n't . 
  neither is the part of the definition where this is a use for it :  i do not sanction this it has n't simply evolved because of reddit . 
  russians listen to lbc ? 
  must be a really boring job . 
  or have shittier cars . 
  my experience in france is they are way more tolerant of old cars running on the roads . 
  you need to pass mot every year here . 
  it is n't a news story here . 
  do n't know if you have noticed but most print journals have begun stealing viral videos to boost their traffic . 
  they just re-hosted a video that was huge on reddit a few days ago . 
  the last time i saw a polish news report they were talking about a big beetroot that some guy harvested so maybe you are right about them being behind the times . 
   that grant refugees certain rights you need to apply for asylum to receive those rights and be considered a refugee . 
  penetrating europe 's borders does n't automatically grant immunity . 
  i know most people do n't speak english as a first language and that `` sanctions '' is usually only used in context of economic blockade but it actually just means punishment or rather a penalty . 
  there are plenty of ways the eu can impose sanctions on member states . 
  the important thing is it was only a threat over the use of a border fence . 
  were n't they threatened with sanctions for the little control they did try ? 
  seems slightly disingenuous . 
  it 's the largest wealth transfer in history , you ca n't deny that . 
  well the second largest net contributor is about to leave so it might not be so much soon . 
  what hypocrisy ? 
  it 's peterborough , it 's already over 50 % eastern european , the recruiters paying recruitment agencies are probably romanian at this point . 
  so it not only sounds delusional , you actually are . 
  at least your comments shed light on why so many eastern europeans are feverishly pro-eu , and it 's not only for the shed loads of cash , some twisted jack booted fantasy where you finally get to be the boss ( but only in your heads ) . 
   either they bow down and have their gchq become an open book to the eu or a cold war between us and them starts out the moment they try to make `` global friends '' lol well as the only nato member outside of the us who actually fulfils defence spending as required of the pact , i highly doubt a rag tag group of countries who do not uphold their duties to nato will dictate to others in matters of security . 
   i know it sounds very obnoxious , but this is how the sausage is made . 
  no , it sounds delusional . 
  the difference between 48 and 52 is 4 , not 2 . 
  the fact that so many people seem to make this mistake , especially pro-eu folks , makes me doubt some of their claims of superiority over brexiteers . 
  i know it 's not , that was my point . 
   having the ability to unilaterally remove itself from any agreements means it has sovereignty ah but now having sovereignty needs to have un seats too , i see . 
  this is one of those flexible definitions that is n't actually written down anywhere . 
   i 'd say it 's relatively irrefutable that the uk is independent oh so you should n't have a problem with leaving the eu then ? 
  since we already have supreme authority over all of our affairs and govern without interference . 
  wo n't make a difference . 
  the mere fact that we can extricate ourselves from the eu does n't erase the facts . 
  scotland can legally vote for independence , so could the falklands , does that make them sovereign ? 
   sovreign  ( of a nation or its affairs ) acting or done independently and without outside interference . 
  well that one is n't true . 
   independent  free from outside control ; not subject to another 's authority . 
  and neither is that . 
  whether or not you want to remain in the eu , the fact that eu law supersedes national law is pretty irrefutable . 
   voting for brexit is strongly correlated with having a negative view on immigration and foreigners in general even it was true ( it 's not ) , wanting to control immigration does n't mean you hate foreigners . 
  i have a feeling you do n't really care for the distinction and would rather argue in bad faith . 
   you seem to assume that the fact that there are `` a lot '' of foreigners ( 25 % ) means that the town is more tolerant of foreigners . 
  it 's more than 25 % now actually . 
  no , i 'm assuming , or rather telling you because i actually know , that this is flat out wrong :  i guess that reactions to foreigners are not the same in chatham ( population , 76k ) than in london, 
   but stuff like this can and does happen yes , even in london , thanks for proving my point . 
  i got robbed and attacked in paris and in new york . 
  i was responding to someone implying that anywhere that is n't london is some ignorant shithole . 
  refuting that does n't make me ignorant but thanks for trying to tell me about where i live . 
  if some drunk guy spilling wine on you is the worst thing you experienced then it ca n't be that bad . 
  because the european union = foreigners now ? 
  there are many aspects of the debate that seem to be ignored in favour of a narrative . 
  i pass by there all the time , it 's full of foreigners already and i would not call it a `` small town '' , only 10 minutes to london suburbs , suburbs that are 80 % foreign in some cases . 
  maybe if the place was 0 % english they could be called accepting of foreigners , ah we can only dream of such a tolerant place . 
  chatham is very close to london and less than 75 % ( in 2011 ) english already . 
  people talk like it 's full of hill-billies who have never seen a foreigner before . 
  staggering ignorance . 
  way to get butthurt about a joke . 
  protests against labour law changes typically are . 
  they take sunday and monday off , and a 2 hour lunch break . 
  well the poorest 20 % of the uk are still much richer than most of romania so it worked better than whatever happened over there . 
  wealth inequality is a meaningless statistic that can be twisted to whatever you want . 
  yes , there are lots of rich people like russian oligarchs and saudi royalty in london . 
  if they left that would n't make me richer but it would make the inequality lower . 
  you still did n't explain how that makes someone entitled . 
  people can argue against the wealth transfers ( which are currently the largest in history ) or desire them to be smaller without that making them entitled . 
  like i said , there are poor regions in western europe which could benefit greatly from some of the investment . 
  it comes across as incredibly undignified . 
  i do n't think `` entitled '' is the right word here . 
  the definition is  believing oneself to be inherently deserving of privileges or special treatment that is the pretty much eastern europe in this instance , whether you want to admit it or not . 
  it sounds really bad when the person asking for money calls you entitled . 
  the reality of the situation aside , there are many poor and deprived regions in western europe too . 
  i fix a lot of things , surface mounted chips and smart phone processors are n't one of them . 
  25 % is way better than nothing . 
  sometimes the price of fixing your phone is more than getting 25 % towards your next phone . 
  knowing that can mean the difference between being rich or poor . 
  25 % for something that is worthless to you sounds pretty good . 
  inheritance tax only stops the somewhat poor and middle class building wealth . 
  you talking about markus meechan ? 
  he did n't go to jail 2 . 
  he said `` gas the jews '' not `` hitler '', 
  it 's not an either/or situation . 
  the risk of dying in a car is still present when you introduce other risks . 
  your risk is everything before plus the new european `` normal '' . 
  it 's a really poor argument . 
   british politicians ought to take their job seriously yes , take it seriously by handing monetary and border control to the group of politicians who have failed at every single challenge they have faced . 
  bravo . 
  down with populism , onwards towards retardism . 
  jesus the obsession with the uk is going places . 
  con home is an obscure blog for conservative consultants and members to argue policy . 
  they have a tiny readership . 
  this sub is 80 % uk/brexit with most of it hardly even news , `` some blogger said a thing i do n't like about the eu '' . 
  you should try to arrest this guy , he 's not a journalist though so it might be tough . 
  http://www.tfa.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/finalversion2.0-1.pdf here are some more people to arrest . 
  oh well close enough . 
  i reckon if he did n't support it the no vote might have had a bigger share . 
  wow putin looks incredibly short against average students .
