  if you can actually point to one thing incorrect in the article you would have a point . 
  and if so fill out the complaint form or i will do it for you . 
  peace from what side ? 
  do you think shias will want masses of sunni to return ? 
  people keep thinking the middle east is just like any other region . 
   more relevant than political capital ??? 
  because this discussion is about money . 
  the argument is about paying money in exchange for money that was paid to benefit us . 
  hello ? 
   the hardest investments into the eu were always political , never monetary . 
  and those are only relevant to the politician who made them . 
  many british politicians used capital to ratify the endless treaties of the eu , do we get that back ? 
  you are actually suggesting the uk should continue to spend millions on eu projects because some german politician made a hard choice ? 
   the americans paid good money to re-build europe , that is true . 
  yes and we only finished paying them back 5 years ago . 
  how pathetic . 
   and the other coal-and-steel union countries paid the price for that in the 1950s , not the uk . 
  and ? 
  do we benefit from it ? 
  if you are trying to argue the benefit we are getting is that germany can not destroy europe for a third time , that is pretty ridiculous . 
  i mean that 's really nice of you to sacrifice yourself like that but you should n't do it for the sake of others . 
  yes we benefit from germany not declaring war , i think it 's mutual . 
  i will just assume there were no massive eu projects we benefited from once joining that we did n't ever pay for since you seem to scraping the barrel for dregs . 
   then it was as soon as a new pm was appointed . 
  then it was in september . 
  then it was by the end of 2016 . 
  then in early 2017 . 
  no it was supposed to be when the new pm was appointed in september . 
  those are n't two different dates , it just so happens that the opposition decided to support theresa so she could be appointed earlier than september , when there was supposed to be a vote . 
  you are either wilfully misrepresenting the situation or are ill-informed . 
  yep , still sounds childish . 
  nothing to do with my feelings , i did n't take a position either way . 
  i grow tired of people saying `` muh '' in front of anything their opponent says . 
  it seems rather childish way to dismiss something , especially when most things usually hold some merit . 
  muh supremacy of eu law ayyy lmao, 
  oh good . 
  anyway , tyrone and his nephew sound like twats , 
  those damn immigrant hating , gun toting mountain dwellers . 
  we should form a mega banking union and derestrict gun ownership . 
  in the metaphor you created at the start , the uncle would be solely held responsible , should such a thing take place in the real world . 
  yes , the apple situation is unfolding like that . 
  in my opinion that is wrong , but politically convenient for the eu . 
  the law was broken by the irish gov. 
  when you swapped ireland for tyrone you did n't make your point , you made mine . 
  since that 's not how things work for landlords/tenants , and it should n't be for corporations/gov . 
  not while juncker is prez , although i hear he is likely to put the eu above his own country . 
  we are in this scenario  town has a law that says ** landlords ** can not give lower rental prices there is no law that you have to pay a certain amount . 
  i 'm not arguing how it should be i 'm arguing that is how it is . 
  i do n't deny any of that and i disagree with the tax deals apple has been using . 
  i just think people claiming they `` clearly '' broke the law are n't taking into consideration the actual law that was broken . 
  it is quite ingenious how it has played out but i 'm no fan of the precedent this sets . 
   not if ireland is in single market . 
  spoiler alert : it is . 
  not what ? 
  the law absolutely is a law against local governments . 
  it 's a law to stop local governments supplying state aid . 
  i have a feeling you did n't understand what i said , which seems to cause 50 % of all arguments on this sub . 
   rent he owes he paid the rent he owes . 
  he never agreed to live there for any other amount than the contract he signed . 
   uncle tyrone and his nephew had found around the jonesville law was for the nephew to pretend that he was only renting the apartment 's broom closet , while occupying the whole apartment , and uncle tyrone closing an eye on that . 
  all of that sounds like uncle tyrone broke several laws then . 
  better take him to court and revoke his permit . 
  because you said so . 
  that is n't how any law actually works . 
  if you sign tenancy agreement with a landlord it 's the landlord who broke the law , they are the one 's who have to follow landlord rules . 
  in reality uncle tyrone would be fined or his landlord licence taken from him and the nephew would need to find a new place to live . 
  yes pay the bill to the person who actually broke the law , while uncle tyrone gets nothing . 
  you said yourself the law was against landlords , not tenants . 
  by punishing the tenant/nephew ? 
  uncle tyrone is getting a pay day . 
  sounds like uncle tyrone is the one breaking the law in this case , 
  the ruling by the eu that it was illegal is because they deem the deal given to be state aid , the one who broke the eu law in question was the irish gov. 
  the law exists to prevent favouritism , it 's a law against local governments . 
   did decide to open shop in ireland  gov says well they opened shop in ireland perfectly within the laws of ireland and arbitrated by the irish government . 
  in my opinion it 's a terribly poor precedent to set . 
  well if you rule the tax rate illegal then retroactively charge for it then they definitely have n't been paying it . 
  this is a bit like your landlords ' wife deciding the rent you paid since you moved in 10 year ago was n't enough and you 'll have to fork out to make up the difference . 
  pretty convenient that the bank with the most crappy debt wants everyone to merge . 
  too big to fail . 
  sounds a bit like one of those perpetual motion machines . 
  yeah well i knew most of that but that seems to have been the case for a while and i could have sworn it was around 7-8 % before . 
   330k i 'm pretty sure it was more than that , once people looked at eu citizens applying for insurance numbers the government understated that number by quite a lot . 
  answer is , economy is growing and we have pretty relaxed labour laws regarding employment contracts . 
  it 's easier to be considered employed but that does n't mean it 's quality employment . 
  it is n't clearly defined but it was clearly in response to people who want :  another referendum  allow parliament to override the referendum  people suggesting staying the eu but with slightly different terms  people who want eea membership and free movement, 
   hardest political fights about how much sovereignty should be given up or retained had already been resolved well they clearly had n't since the issue is ongoing . 
  political fights or political capital is n't money though is it ? 
  we are talking about forcing us to keep paying for eu projects as `` payback '' for benefiting from projects funded before we joined . 
   the neutralization of german armament and nuclear capabilities oh jesus . 
  we paid enormous amounts of money neutralising germany . 
  not to mention troops for half a century and rebuilding industry after the war . 
  what a cop out . 
  why is it so high in france ? 
   it is simple really the problem could be dealt with in the first schengen country rather than dragged through europe so , again , why did n't they do that ? 
   the opt out facilitates how does our opt out of schengen facilitate it ? 
  facilitate means make easier , it does n't make crossing the whole of europe easier . 
  it actually makes it harder since , you know , there is an actual border . 
   arrogantly juggle having another immigration system yes , how very arrogant . 
  seems to me in retrospect abolishing borders and not protecting the peripheral countries was pretty arrogant and the uk is looking to be one with the only sensible solution . 
  there is a reason germany started passport checks with austria , hint , it 's because it makes it harder not easier .
