  1984 , anybody ? 
  i think he would have lost against merkel but because of his personality gotten into a pretty decent second place . 
  i believe i remember one time in the 90ies in germany . 
  but 2011 in wisconsin . 
  very high . 
  i travel a lot and trained myself . 
  i think it 's beautiful and politically troubling . 
  new york city or chicago . 
  elaborate . 
  why do you say that ? 
  how ? 
  i just proofed the answer is `` yes '' . 
  i have a 40 hour/week middle class job and travel europe . 
  why yes . 
  i live in a shared apartment , wear second hand clothes , cook instead of eating out , use public transport and save more than 1000 each months to travel . 
  as i stated , i do travel to an european city every other weekend . 
  stockholm has an airport . 
  that 's all one needs to travel across europe on weekends . 
  what you do is : you take a bus friday night , arrive saturday morning , get to see hamburg all day , sleep in a hostel , see hamburg all sunday , take a night bus from sunday night to monday morning , go home , take a shower and then off to work . 
  why ? 
  amazing . 
  i get to see so many beautiful places and meet wonderful people from all over the world . 
  astonishing architectures , stunning landscapes , great food , fantastic public transport . 
  why london and paris ? 
  there are so many more beautiful cities in europe . 
  get an interrail pass which lets you use trains almost anywhere and go from lisbon to barcelona to muehlhausen to salzburg to kalambaka in greece . 
  i am a female solo traveler who has been to 4 continents and 25 + countries including the middle east by myself . 
  meteora in greece . 
  i went to miami and it was alright . 
  liked the beach and the ocean , had a super yummy yogurt with berries for breakfast and met a transsexual at the supermarket . 
  did n't like the clothing style that was promoted though . 
  we have turks and russians . 
  asia does n't begin in china . 
  we are not a fan of the political system of either country but the people are usually alright like with all human beings . 
  yes , it is . 
  it 's what i do . 
  every other weekend a different city . 
  no , they can not . 
  my job requires me to be in contact with german-speaking people from switzerland and not all of them are able to speak standard german . 
  just because you had something in school does n't mean you know how to use it . 
  but they do n't all speak it so we do n't understand . 
  reunite with spouse . 
  my husband is american , i am german . 
  as far as i know no country would allow you to stay right away . 
  you would have to apply for a visa . 
  nank you . 
  everything . 
  different political system , different currencies , different social systems and most of us do n't understand each other language wise . 
  names with n that work in english and german . 
  north east . 
  i lived in the mid west and east coast . 
  i love iran . 
  its people are smart , critical , open minded and the most friendliest people on earth . 
  even if you think they do n't have much , tell still share they food with you . 
  if you ask for the way tell take you in their car . 
  the architecture is simple beautiful , the food delicious , public transport is great . 
  i think you are mixing up german government and german people . 
  it does n't sound like you 've actually lived here . 
  how does it manifest itself ? 
  we do n't like small talk and are direct . 
  but that 's not arrogance . 
  both . 
  not believing in ourselves . 
  i do n't like bavarian but saxon can sound cute with a word here and there . 
  there is a difference between too much and not at all . 
  i also feel like we spent way too much time with wwii . 
  yes . 
  world war ii every other semester . 
  still messes with my timeline . 
  it feels like dinosaurs - war - roman empire - war - bismarck - war etc. 
  that 's exactly what i am thinking . 
  i li e in bavaria and the venice movement made the news so why do people argue the movements arent big ? 
  this is so weird to me . 
  you need two foreign languages to be able to graduate from high school after 12/13 years . 
  there is also 1 , 1 - , 2 + , 2 , 2 - , 3 + ... in school . 
  and during university it goes somewhat like 1,0 / 1,3 / 1,7 / 2,0 / 2,3 ... 
  the question is if we are celebrating fallen soldiers . 
  which we do n't . 
  celebrating has such a positive connotation to it and soldiers/veterans , who are/were willing to kill other people , should not be celebrated nor honored . 
  we remember them so war wo n't happen again . 
  definitely somewhere in the mid west . 
  i enjoyed living there more and the people than at one of the coasts . 
  exactly . 
  one shall not glorify war , weapons , violence . 
  i work out 5 nights a week and i shower afterwards . 
  same here . 
  it 's true for germany . 
  we just do n't like war and rather put the money in educating our people for free and offer universal health care . 
  yes . 
  i demonstrate against nazis , . a costly education system etc and i had tear gas in my face at least once . 
  more and more people move into munich but not enough housing is built so rents go up with each move . 
  and munich is already the first or second most expensive city in germany . 
  yes . 
  i 'd always try to learn the language/s of the country i live in . 
  i believe there are much more brunettes than blondes in germany , a lot of blondes are fake blondes . 
  yeah well . 
  we hate that . 
  it takes one google search to find out we have 16 states and what gerls like 160 different cultures and traditions . 
  a state . 
  the texas of germany , to be exact .
