  homes for refugees . 
  most people are accepting of refugees but do not wan na have a house with refugees next to them because they fear internal fights because they are from so many different countries and cultures . 
  agreed . 
  i am a female solo traveler who has been to four continents and always gotten around with english . 
  i never thought about learning phrases of the other language , until a person i met in a hostel told me it 's rude and i should at least learn `` thank you '' . 
  i 've tried since then , but i like talking in english and am happy when i can speak it to foreigners traveling to germany . 
  i do not expect them to learn phrases . 
  sometimes i do not understand them because the pronunciation is different and then i just feel awkward . 
  staying with english is more enjoyable in my opinion . 
  since iran is not an option , i 'd go to qatar . 
  as much as you want as long as you work for 8 hours a day . 
  i was going to say ... 
  i 'd put the philosophers on the top of the list as well . 
  except when it 's oktoberfest time . 
  then i put my grandma 's on for two weeks and feel fine . 
  but outside of it it feels like carnival . 
  when i was in china i wanted to try it but it was hard to find and my friends did n't wan na try it . 
  so i ca n't say if i like it or not because i 've never had it . 
  i do n't view exploring cultural differences as small talk . 
  it 's sociology , there are learnings and a deep meaning and understanding behind it . 
  it 's boring , tiring , not efficient and a waste of my time . 
  i 'd rather have deep meaningful conversations than little chats . 
  monday . 
  i 'd never agree to this and i hope others feel so too . 
  that 's the american version . 
  we do n't do that in germany . 
  really any bigger city in germany . 
  as human beings . 
  i now know how news articles are written . 
  faust by goethe , nikomarian ethics by aristotle and harry potter . 
  2 years ago i would have agreed but now i work with the business editors of these publications and it 's not always pretty . 
  three of my friends are volunteers and i 've met a bunch of nice , interesting and fun people through them . 
  dipped into chocolate or vanilla ice cream from a fast food chain . 
  salt and paprika powder . 
  when trump was voted into office many european countries made a video making fun of him , other nations and their own country . 
  everysecondcounts is the websites name that collected all the videos . 
  what if the name that was chosen is wrong ? 
  not based on true history ? 
  not everybody sees it as a crisis . 
  it 's just a word chosen by politicians , nazis and/or media to make you gasp in fear . 
  there is no crisis . 
  we are doing fine . 
  we should stop the panic . 
  it is common for my grandparents and parents but no longer for me . 
  i 'll have to switch jobs every other year to speed up my career and payment . 
  yes , it does need clarification . 
  * barcelona : city + beach * frankfurt : skyline + culture * kalambaka ( greece ) : landscape, 
  no , i do not believe in god and left the church . 
  my husband is catholic . 
  agree . 
  english ( it never stops ) and bavarian and swiss german - not to speak it but simply to understand . 
  i would have gone with bismark . 
  but yes , it can get confusing when it comes to germany . 
  a lot of dialects , for example [ manisch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manisch ) . 
  i am watching it right now . 
  next to soccer cups it 's the only time i watch tv . 
  there is always made a big fuzz about the possible candidates , the choice and the evenings themselves . 
  i am not sure about it , but i would n't wan na live there either . 
  which laws would not affect the uk positively ? 
  please elaborate . 
  discriminatory based on ethnicity and skin color . 
  cuz we do n't believe in race . 
  the uk just partly split from europe cuz they are afraid of strangers and dont wan na take in more refugees . 
  i wouldnt wan na live there as black or white person . 
  nope . 
  my former boyfriend went on a vacation trip to ee with his friend who happened to be adopted from ghana and the racism was noticeable everywhere . 
  also all sorts of nuts . 
  we do n't . 
  some germans do n't even know that german immigrants were part of the beginning of the us as it is now . 
  most know some immigrants left but know nothing more about them and we do n't cover it in school . 
  hence : majority does not care and they certainly do not affect the character of our country - but of the us ? 
  yes . 
  especially in the mid west . 
  sources ? 
  chauvinism does not seem to be used in that term here . 
  sources ? 
  agreed . 
  i do n't . 
  i talked about a rather fair and healthy distribution . 
  interesting thought . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  it does not . 
  normal and nationalism do n't go together . 
  while patriotism means i love my country , nationalism means i love it above anybody else 's , hence i 'm okay to defend it , fight a war . 
  our grandparents and parents are afraid to have a flag up , be proud of germany or say i love germany . 
  wwii took it away . 
  but immigrants and the younger generation do n't share the history , upbringing , feeling of shame . 
  this movement is partly do to our soccer tournament successes . 
  which money , which benefits , which taxes , which success ? 
  compared to the eu there is non but credit card debt and military spending , terribly expensive health care and less vacation days plus no parental leave . 
  and almost noone wants to pay taxes for free education . 
  the us is a terrible example . 
  terrible joke . 
  it 's on my list !, 
  me too . 
  it would be an example for other countries and eventually continents to follow , showing that boarders are unnecessary if we distribute work force , money , goods , time and benefits more equally . 
  thank you for your tips . 
  i 've been to the navajo territory in arizona and new mexico and loved the landscape and beauty of the land . 
  is this an ad for nc ? 
  because i wan na go there now .
