  so ... what then means `` cold '' to you ? 
  i choose italian and latin instead of french . 
  france . 
  i ask in english , person answers in french . 
  so this would n't be fun in the long run . 
  i was a book worm so i would read up to a book a day . 
  mostly about boys , girls and animals on adventures and as a teenager i started reading books about couples and love . 
  i used to live close to a us base too , which was closed 10 years ago and is one of the biggest refugee camps in the state . 
  i live in bavaria now and ca n't recall the last time i saw military vehicles . 
  barcelona and by the north sea of germany . 
  there is no regular lunch as far as i 'm concerned . 
  everytime i compare my lunch to that of my colleagues it 's so different . 
  some will opt for salad , soup and sandwiches while others have pasta , meat , etc. 
  daily . 
  i live in munich , one of the biggest cities in germany . 
  every time i come back from a trip to the us i miss having so many around me . 
  but every time i 'm in the us is miss having so many turkish immigrants around me . 
  it 's wild . 
  in germany , your parents are supposed to pay for your first degree or preparation time for a job . 
  if they do not earn enough money to support you , you can apply for baf\u00f6g which will be up to around 700 euros per month . 
  after you 're done with university you 'll eventually receive a letter by the government asking you to pay back half of your student loan but never more than 10.000 euros . 
  i did n't get any money from my parents but was not eligible for baf\u00f6g . 
  i had a job to pay for my tuition fees of 350 euros per semester and 200 euros rent per month in a tiny dorm room . 
  i got a $ 16.000 scholarship to study one semester at a private us university . 
  not a fan : /, 
  do daughters get a car too ? 
  i do n't own a car and most of my friends do n't own one either . 
  we all live in shared apartments or apartments . 
  there has n't been one spot where i could not go with public transport . 
  even if it sometimes means walking for 30 min or so . 
  brussels . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm a lefty but i 've always liked angela merkel . 
  partly because she is a woman . 
  feminism is a political issues too . 
  merkel is in office since i was a teenager and having her being one of the most influential people in the world always motivated me and made me feel strong . 
  they are our fun party . 
  quite left . 
  it 's called vorgl\u00fchen in the city . 
  curiosity . 
  usa . 
  but as of the current political situation , only because my husband lives there . 
  otherwise i might have moved to singapore . 
  do not spend 3 days in santorini . 
  spend 1 day in santorini and 2 in kalambaka/meteora . 
  same here . 
  can confirm . 
  it would n't break up families and relationships . 
  that alone should be reason enough to stay . 
  love . 
  depending on the size of the supermarket there may be some of the other spreads mentioned , possibly in the vegetarian/vegan or bio section . 
  in english we may call it cross-cultural relationship . 
  it is , but most people mix it with carbonated water . 
  i 'd guess so . 
  most things that are popular in the states will be popular in germany too . 
  especially when us as well as german brides use pinterest to put their wedding together . 
  once upon a time a lot of germans used to watch formula 1 too . 
  because i travel a lot and the euro makes it so much easier . 
  lots of gossip potential . 
  and waste of money . 
  i went to greece a year ago and people were super friendly . 
  meteora is one of my most favorite regions in the world . 
  clearly you 've never been to hesse , especially frankfurt . 
  \u00c4bbelwoi - we do n't call it cider , cuz it 's much stronger - is really popular and you can either get it traditionally with sparkling water or the modern mixes with coke , fanta , berry juice etc. 
  out of a can . 
  some places in switzerland do . 
  * der baader meinhof komplex ( movie ) * der schuh des manitu ( movie ) * fack ju g\u00f6hte ( movies ) * hannah arendt ( movie ) * t\u00fcrkisch f\u00fcr anf\u00e4nger ( series + movie ), 
  * africa festival in w\u00fcrtzburg * bavaria 's medieval re-enactment festival * bonn videonale festival ( german festival for art and experimental videos ) * hurricane festival in scheessel ( mainstream music ) * international dixieland festival dresden ( jazz ) * lollapalooza berlin ( alternative rock , heavy metal , punk rock , hip hop ) * munich opera festival * oktoberfest * richard wagner festival ( bayreuth festival ) * rock am ring and rock im park * southside festival in neuhausen ( alternative music ) * thuringia bach festival * wacken ( heavy metal ) * wave-gothic festival in leipzig, 
  i do n't mind if people correct my english if i 've made a huge mistake . 
  my family and friends however , who are native english speakers , should correct every mistake i make , because they have the ability to catch a quiet moment and tell me without embarrassing me in front of others . 
  i stick to the same rule when i talk to non-native speakers of my mother tongue . 
  it makes me laugh and sad at the same time , makes me roll my eyes . 
  i would n't really care if there were n't so many americans believing that phrase . 
  my facebook wall is constantly overloaded with american acquaintances sharing the notion . 
  and i ca n't even really blame them . 
  with 2 weeks of vacation a year one can hardly travel to other `` free '' countries . 
  it probably makes sense to learn what effect alcohol has on you before you learn how to drive a car . 
  in my hometown we are 13 or 14 years old when we confirm our belief in god , have lunch with our families , then meet in front of the church and go from home to home to get drunk for the first time . 
  after that we are considered old enough to consume alcohol at local events . 
  yep , was going to say the same . 
  omg yes , d\u00f6ner , of course . 
  topped with fried onions . 
  while for the american resistance movement we would use the english term `` resistence '' , we use the german term `` widerstand '' for our resistance movements , hence a mix up is impossible and most people would not evene make the connection . 
  hence , the usage of the word is fine . 
  i agree . 
  bottled water is a waste of money . 
  no offense , selters ;-), 
  how would you describe that problem ? 
  i guess some fans get their soccer club tattooed which can be linked to heritage . 
  nothing . 
  my apartment already came with furniture ( bed , desk , chair , closet , shelf ) . 
  comes in pretty handy when i move again . 
  can confirm . 
  the first time i traveled to portugal i was surprised by all the russian tourists until i understood they speak portuguese . 
  yep , i get the same . 
  was asked once if i could do a sexy voice in german . 
  did not disappoint . 
  me too . 
  in germany , we use lentils , too . 
  if you google `` german lentil soup '' you 'll find different recipes .
