  i 've been to over 30 states . 
  it 's my experience . 
  i 'm absolutely late compared to other germans . 
  not true . 
  when people asked me how are you i answered green and nobody cared . 
  that 's neither social nor willingness to talk . 
  i looked it up to make sure but women can simply ask their doctors to do it . 
  in my city teenagers , students , homeless , low income people get tests for free and others pay like 25 per test . 
  there are different way to do it depending on your state and city . 
  there are centers , universities with doctors , hospitals , doctors offices etc. 
  how would the us be the number one when it comes to social things ? 
  they are superficial friendly and it needs a lot of small talk to make friends . 
  in general there are positive ( music , movies , food ) and negative ( gun laws , war , trump , health care , education , patriotism ) aspects of the us so in the end it 's neutral . 
  no , not at all . 
  race is biological while ethnicity includes culture . 
  americans call obama their first black president when really he was of mixed race . 
  and to european he is just another american . 
  we do n't see skin color like you do . 
  makes people fall asleep and cause accidents , actually . 
  most europeans do n't believe in race but ethnicity . 
  gypsies is not a good term to choose anyways but being sinti or roma is not a race . 
  when we say americans have a race problem it 's not just caucasian , asian , hispanic , blacks , natives but the notion of race we are criticising . 
  that does n't mean discrimination does n't haven in europe . 
  i ca n't talk for other people but i simply get regularly tested . 
  with the speed limit ? 
  it baffles me . 
  the autobahn has more curves than us high ways yet the speed limit slows one down when it 's just going straight for hours at times . 
  i 've spent 2.5 years in the us and i 've been to over 30 states . 
  i traveled via amtrak trains/greyhound bus and in cities like la , chicago , nyc and miami i used public transport within the cities . 
  but outside of metropolitan areas , the public transport systems and bike lanes too suck . 
  the us could be connected so much better with less pollution and healthier people . 
  i started learning it in school when i was 10 and went to the us when i was 16 . 
  my view on news today : i always had a little bit of a guilt feeling in the back of my mind and traveled to israel two months ago . 
  i was n't treated very nicely because i had been in a muslim country before . 
  in general the people in the muslim country were nicer to me so j list my feeling of guilt . 
  jews are n't special to me anymore , they are just like ither human beings . 
  in general they were still pretty nice and the historical buildings and landscapes were interesting . 
  yes , i did 5 , they are very common in germany . 
  i did 3 during my school time , each for 2 weeks . 
  later i did 3 and then 6 months during my time as a university student . 
  every european country has there own clothing style . 
  in germany those shoes are a no go and considered lower class when worn in public . 
  ok for garden work . 
  when the state of hesse introduced student fees of 500 euros per semester the students demonstrated until they were gone after a year . 
  liberal/socialist in american terms ? 
  yes , together with german and math english formed the third part in the priority classes . 
  as far as i know germany does n't allow it yet so we go to switzerland to die in peace . 
  spoken 9/10 , written 8/10 ( with automatic text correction ), 
  the comics are big within the german comic family . 
  technically i was n't an adult yet ( bit old enough to drive in the us and old enough to drink in germany ) , but when i was 16 i spent a year in the us attending high school and after 12 months americans could n't tell that i 'm a foreigner . 
  i love it . 
  germans are sacastic . 
  so sarcastic that people ca n't tell if they are joking or not . 
  that 's why a stereotype states germans have no humor . 
  when really you just do n't get it . 
  may apply to british people too . 
  all the time . 
  i have been everything , from us american and mexican to spanish , french , italian , czech , polish , russian . 
  i am german for generations but my colors and features make me international . 
  oh god please read a variety of news with recent studies . 
  it is nowhere near as terribly , horrible and often . 
  minimal terrorism has always been part of europe , sexual harassment too . 
  most europeans have n't even been affected in their daily lives . 
  we still all walk around during the day and night . 
  i 'd call you racist for your prejudice . 
  please get educated before you come here and i hope your visit here to do the rest to convince you that you 've been biased . 
  especially in bigger cities where we have lots of immigrants and tourists from all around the world , nobody will even notice you . 
  but please take some time to fact check your knowledge on what you call an immigrant crisis , recovery and violence against immigrants . 
  because that might have helped you answer your question on your own . 
  the majority of europeans have not been affected by the recent migration waves and violence comes from nazis mostly , in germany , towards them . 
  i agree . 
  probably found in bigger cities where us soldiers used to be stationed at . 
  i mostly dated and am married to a man from a different ethnic background . 
  the guys were from all around the globe . 
  however what they had in common were dark hairs and eyes . 
  [ north sea ] ( https://www.skr.de/fileadmin/_processed_/nordsee_urlaub_3da2d2b550.jpg ), 
  me too . 
  i was there last spring and loved it . 
  it is on my top 5 list of favorite spots . 
  no regulations . 
  just to try it once and set an example . 
  thanks for pointing it out , should have said tour through africa . 
  i am thinking about a round trip through africa . 
  i do n't mingle much with ignorant people that is true . 
  but i do travel a lot outside of my country and it is consensus that gypsy does not describe them well . 
  its like saying the n-word to black americans , indian to native americans etc. 
  groups can be asked how they wan na be referred to and we should listen . 
  wikipedia : '' ... the word is sometimes considered derogatory because of its negative and stereotypical associations . 
  the council of europe consider that ` gypsy ' or equivalent terms , as well as administrative terms such as ` gens du voyage ' ( referring in fact to an ethnic group but not acknowledging ethnic identification ) are not in line with european recommendations . '', 
  gypsy is an old term for nomadic people . 
  roma , or romani people , are one ethnic group among them , while sinti are a group within the roma . 
  no , we do n't . 
  not officially in the news . 
  and i went to the `` documentation and cultural centre of german sinti and roma '' and talked to some and they do not identify as gypsies themselves . 
  it 's more serious . 
  we do n't call them gypsies . 
  apparently a sinti or roma `` mafia '' in cologne , dusseldorf or dortmund . 
  i agree . 
  i just went to israel in april and it felt weird driving through all those gated communities to get to the dead sea . 
  yes .
