  heritage means almost nothing to us . 
  my grandma 's brother moved to the neighboring town and suddenly used a different word for hen . 
  there are so many dialects just within a state , it 's unimaginable . 
  the younger generations do n't know much about them anymore though so in two or three generations it 's all gon na be the same . 
  interesting ideology , not executed well . 
  i have met a couple of them as my mom raises them , my friends teach them german and my roomie is part of an intercultural gay group . 
  they have interesting stories to tell and are fun to be around . 
  my husband is us american and i am about to move to the states . 
  people pick on me . 
  while the 2015 did not affect me negatively at all , it was the opposite : i made new friends . 
  poland . 
  eastern europe in general . 
  the very religious ones where divorce is drones upon but a lot of people are unhappy but still remain in the marriage out of fear and shame . 
  i would smile but depending how good he or she speaks still answer in english cuz i like practicing it . 
  as knowing two foreign languages is normal to most of us my guess is that most eont be surprised because they do n't know americans do n't do that . 
  for me it 's a sign of intelligence , studying a foreign language when from the states so i would be happy for them . 
  yes . 
  in the states . 
  never had plaued before so obviously i easnt going to make it to pro . 
  but i bevame the captain of my team . 
  not yet . 
  moving to the us soon so within the next 2 years i will have been there . 
  english , latin , italian . 
  i refused to learn french and there were no other options than latin and italian . 
  today i would pick spanish . 
  yup . 
  i wi\u013al check out a couple of clinics , thank you , kind stranger . 
  i live in munich and the best procedure costs 4.800 for both eyes . 
  it 's not possible to go blind . 
  1 in 200 need a second procedure . 
  i am thinking about getting it done in bratislava for 2.500 . 
  lisbon and porto , barcelona , ibiza , amsterdam , rimini . 
  weird . 
  we have your bread plus more . 
  talking unesco list . 
  can confirm . 
  in writing , with presence at demonstrations etc. 
  i do not . 
  i have not evolved . 
  i have always been left and fought nazis , conservatives and people earning too much because no human being is worth a million salary . 
  at least 66 percent of the books i read are in english . 
  its just part of my daily life and job . 
  well , grade 5-7 or even 8 might be described as middle school . 
  high scholl does n't start that early . 
  i would only call gymnasium from 11 to 13 grade high school as it allows you to go to university . 
  grades are from 0 to 15 points , not 1 to 6 or a to f. 
  i wear flip flops , my sibling socks and my parents slippers . 
  and over 24, 
  he is us american , i am german and my green card takes approximately a year . 
  it 's weird that countries keep married couples apart for so long . 
  the us . 
  because that 's were my husband lives . 
  20 years ago it used to be formula 1 . 
  or apple wine . 
  because it mixes so well with apple juice . 
  true . 
  however , i think most people wouldnt care . 
  many people know 21 is an age restriction somewhere . 
  yup , right after italians , germans carry the largest amount of cash with them in europe . 
  obama was respected , not much to make fun of . 
  traveling from madrid to barcelona . 
  less than 100 . 
  2500 euro , i share it with 4 roomies . 
  mutual respect . 
  we can not respect trump and his handshakes . 
  i do n't know , but my guess is at least 4 generations . 
  i became the migrant who moved away . 
  most germans i know go once a year and insurance covers one cleaning per year . 
  axel honneth . 
  it is not hated but those people who have had it ( one can get it at some very big supermarkets and some gas stations ) do not like it . 
  im nit a fan of floats either . 
  very well description . 
  obviously you ca n't read studies right , we have had numerous threads with scientific proof that you are wrong . 
  could happen / happens everywhere . 
  not middle east specific . 
  plus friends and acquaintances , facebook groups , and , if you 're smart , newspapers . 
  because elderly people who are not a fan of the internet will still insert there , usually pretty cheap . 
  `` if you do not eat all of your food , it is going to rain ! '', 
  - my grandma . 
  `` wishing somebody happy birthday before their birthday is bad luck ! '', 
  - germans in general, 
  cairo and giza . 
  i checked out the country to see if i like it and i want to return for luxor etc. 
  before the revolution ? 
  i was there in april and fine . 
  racist . 
  it 's not germans . 
  it 's me . 
  i live in a shared apartment , i wear second hand clothes , i cook and do n't eat out more than once a week , i use public transport . 
  not much more . 
  2.300 in frankfurt and berlin , 2.400 in smaller cities and rural areas but i 'd probably move into a bigger place and still stay between 2.200 and 2.300 . 
  can not confirm . 
  i do n't know why you get downvoted . 
  some people clearly have no idea how other countries work . 
  when i entered israel ... well , when i tried to enter israel and had to spent 5 hours at airport security , morocco was in fact considered the middle east . 
  not to me . 
  the middle east includes a vast variety of countries so what are the reasons ? 
  i 'd do shiraz and kashan instead of tehran . 
  why ? 
  what do you think will have changed in iran in a couple of years ?
