  what makes you ask this question ? 
  very good . 
  i am a female solo traveler , i have been to 4 continents , 25 + countries and over 30 states in the us . 
  i look at maps all the time . 
  i was wondering the same . 
  like huh ? 
  a lot . 
  i spend much time in the us and just ca n't listen to it anymore . 
  but on the outside i am patiently explaining how i experience europe . 
  i am interested to hear them and waiting too . 
  are you reading fox news from 2015 ? 
  trump is unhappy with the eu and refugees , some politicians and citizens are unhappy but not the majority . 
  going to university or not has not just to do with intelligence . 
  high intelligent people may be bored in school and not do well . 
  others may be lazy teenagers but striving adults . 
  besides relying on our retirement system i save money on my own . 
  i support immigration no matter where they come from . 
  european cultures have and will always develope . 
  the cheapest hotel i found was 60 bucks a night . 
  fueled by hollywood movies such as the hangover , las vegas is one street full of colorful hotels and churches where people get unbelievably shit faced , watch a show , gamble away their money and more and then marry a person they barely know - either in las vegas or at home after their bachelor/bachelorette party ( and after cheating in vegas , of course ) . 
  i 've been there and went outside the strip to get a different view . 
  you can finish realschule , go to fachhochschule , do an internship for one year and then go to university . 
  at least in same states . 
  yes . 
  i am a fan of internations an online and offline community of expats and i met a lot who do not speak or are not fluent in german and have very decent jobs . 
  frankfurt am main is so import and and big , it does not need the am main or ( m ) . 
  the rank within germany 's ranking is more important than any international ranking because most germans will visit a national university . 
  they are constantly fighting for `` clusters of excellence '' and try to be the best in certain prestigious subjects like medicine , law , business . 
  just curious what you believe is the reason for this . 
  came here to say the same thing . 
  their money flow should not be mixed with our flow . 
  i had a similar thought in mind . 
  the eu is criticized for all kinds of things . 
  the eu was founded based on economical profit and banks play a big role in the economy so it comes to no surprise that they are criticized as well . 
  taxes are included , i tip up to 10 % depending on service . 
  i also see them every day but instead of living with a police man i just live in a big city where all kinds of stuff happens : wrong parking , speeding , accidents , etc. 
  at least , they are the most widely read newspapers in germany ( bild obviously does n't count ) . 
  lynda , now linkedin learning , was founded in austria or switzerland . 
  same in germany though , a lot has changed when it comes to paying for bags in the last two years here too . 
  when it comes to deportation : same in the us , there is no difference . 
  there are not left alone . 
  they live in constant fear to be discovered and deported . 
  because i know what it means : positive discrimination . 
  like girls day . 
  you seem to have the wrong understanding . 
  google sources provided by universities and learn . 
  i have no idea where you are getting at . 
  i did not state i like a policy or not and i know what affirmative actions are . 
  positive discrimination . 
  like girls day . 
  i states that . 
  look up information provided by universities ans learn . 
  i know . 
  still do n't want ts to miss out on anything so wonderful . 
  it 's not . 
  i love the city and wanted to recommend it . 
  europeans usually have a knowledge of cities they like outside of their country . 
  explain yourself better before you make such judgemental statements with no proof . 
  that 's not radical . 
  we have positive discrimination like girls day in germany by the center . 
  what would be radical left wing by european standards ? 
  only a single point or person again . 
  simplification is key as that 's what society observes and recognizes . 
  it is clear that when everybody thinks this way your third parties will never rise to power . 
  if you are from the us you live in a way more dangerous country due to gun laws than the eu countries ever will be . 
  supported by part of a left wing party . 
  it 's not big but it 's there . 
  anarchists are present at anti nazi and anti capitalism demonstrations . 
  made me smile . 
  true story . 
  i abandoned the idea of austria too so france it is . 
  i learnt english , latin , italian and today would chose spanish , which was n't available when i went . 
  online abuse is taken seriously in germany . 
  there are teachers in school who show children how to be respectful on the internet , there are social media experts monitoring feeds of popular media and business websites etc. 
  and there are police officers and judges who deal with the first view cases and try to set examples for laws . 
  the majority of europeans do not believe in race but ethnicity . 
  the devision caucasian , asian , hispanic , african american , nativa american makes no sense here . 
  people discriminate based on heritage , religion , etc. 
  what comes closest to white surprimasists in germany would be the old and new nazi party . 
  how ? 
  not trying to be rude but how can this come as a surprise ? 
  you may be right . 
  i never noticed nor focused on his age . 
  it is not about one person or one point but about the sum up of the party . 
  going through this thread you will see it holds true for every single nation claiming the us left is the european right . 
  even voting for one of the two parties may mean close to nothing as clinton had the popular vote and did not become president . 
  if you look at the table another user posted , the republicans are as far right as the nazi parties in germany . 
  it shocked americans to see how far right on the left spectrum sanders is . 
  oh no that does not count for uk politics only that 's the truth for all of europe . 
  your left wing party is our right wing conservative party . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i do n't go to mc donald 's . 
  their stuff tasted good as a kid but since i learnt how to cook i avoided it . 
  but the technological development interests me . 
  i 've also seen a bk branded bike with someone on it who brings you your order to your home . 
  how many times have we had this . 
  as soon as something happens politicians take out their ideas for more security , meaning controlling every step we take , online and offline . 
  i am sick of it . 
  we tried it in germany and it did n't change anything , it does n't minimize risks etc. 
  hence i am not a fan of another controlling idea .
