  no , they do not . 
  all these articles are discussing and defining our culture . 
  you 're right in the middle of it , you see the signs but deny it - why ? 
  i can . 
  i feel we as a people can and do as well . 
  and my trip to tibet does not help me with tibetan culture . 
  it 's usually just stereotypes after a couple of days in a country . 
  i travel a lot . 
  but traveling helps me define german culture . 
  cuz you suddenly understand what you are missing . 
  you just described a nation being perfectly fine about talking what defined and defines them . 
  how do we as a people deny our culture ? 
  clearly , you have never seen a video of germany winning the soccer world cup in 2014 in brazil or you would n't ask about a unified identity . 
  since we do n't believe in race most of european prison gangs are probably depending on ethnicity . 
  we started of with biblical stories , in middle school we talked about the world religions but in high school it got really interesting : philosophical questions such as how can bad things happen if god is good , should you be allowed to end your own life with help once you are old , what does it take to be happy and we even meditated . 
  yes . 
  at my school one could choose evangelical , catholic or ethics class . 
  some german schools offer philosophy . 
  ( 2 x 45 min ), 
  my husband is american . 
  i lived in the states for over 2.5 years but we still stumble upon cultural differences once in a while . 
  like him eating burned pizza and me screaming at him in shock because i was taught eating something burned causes cancer . 
  when i drink an energy drink it 's the other way around . 
  13 - the tradition in my village is that you confirm your belief in god and then you are officially old enough to get beer and cider at local events . 
  und d\u00f6ner macht sch\u00f6ner ( kebab makes you more beautiful ), 
  salsa and japanese udon noodles . 
  not together . 
  friends of friends or online . 
  it 's the same in germany . 
  the kids who left the urban areas to study in big cities will stay like 2 to 4 years before moving on while our parents may have changed once or twice in their lifetime . 
  licher . 
  i 've never been so insulted in my life ;-), 
  we start off with the weather or a complaint that the train is late again but 5 to 10 minutes later it can be politics already . 
  international relationships and families may be split up . 
  can confirm . 
  about 70 percent of my clothes are from my grandma , second hand stores like oxfam or flea markets . 
  nazi ? 
  i think 5 percent are blond but one sees it a lot more often because a big number dyes their hair blonde . 
  i am an atheist but i know many religious people . 
  in general the whole grandparents generation , most parents and even some my age . 
  i 've also traveled to see temples , synagogues , churches and mosques . 
  just got back from israel , egypt and qatar . 
  i always talk to religious people to figure out what they believe and why . 
  can confirm , my family has one : black , red , gold , white/silver with eagle wings . 
  not a fan of boarders , not a fan of nationalism . 
  with one exception , i must admit : i become a false and humorous nationalists for 4 weeks during the european or world soccer cup . 
  nope , i do n't live with my family . 
  i get to see them every 6 to 9 weeks . 
  but i 'll move to the states soon and things will change . 
  i plan to visit them every 1 to 2 years . 
  i believe one can get kinder chocolate , but not kinder eggs . 
  because something other than food within chocolate is forbidden so kids do n't choke . 
  can confirm . 
  i always went to the shopping district of munich after work where a lot of fountains and poke stops are . 
  i sat down with up to 100 other people and just played for hours . 
  we 'd sit there , get to know each other , share our power banks and have the time of our lives . 
  the first time i went to the states was almost 15 years ago . 
  since then , mountain dew , rockstar , reeces , skittles , lays and more have all become popular in germany . 
  i wish the us would import more german beer , bread , sausages and kinder \u00dcberraschungseier ( chocolate eggs filled with a toy ) . 
  also hoping for more d\u00f6ner in the future . 
  one of my great-grandfathers ( i am not able to go further back than 3 generations ) was religious , strict and had 10 children . 
  he passed away and people had fond memories of him . 
  last year , the 10 children received a letter that their sibling had died and they 'd inherit some money . 
  but none of them had died . 
  turns out my oh so religious great-grandfather had an affair with a nurse in a big city 1 hour away from our home town . 
  she got pregnant and had a daughter , which passed away last year . 
  and the 10 half-brothers and half-sisters , which she did not know of , are her only relatives alive . 
  hence the letter telling them they inherited some money . 
  i am in love with mustangs and i planned to import one , pay for all the changes necessary such as color of light bulbs etc. 
  i think since 2015 mustangs are available in europe too for about 60.000 a piece . 
  now i 'm not sure i want one because everyone can get one now . 
  and most european countries believe in ethnicity rather than race . 
  onions . 
  nope . 
  i can get used to hotter or colder weather pretty easily , i only struggle a bit with humidity . 
  apple wine from frankfurt , germany, 
  meteora , greece, 
  and go to der verr\u00fcckte eismacher to try some crazy ice cream flavors . 
  if you are in munich , go eat at der verr\u00fcckte eismacher ( the crazy ice cream maker ) . he has flavors like kebab , salmon , noodles , cheese , beer etc. 
  not me . 
  plus acknowledgement of human rights . 
  to a certain degree . 
  i 'm going to the gym lifting weights ... 
  this could be one of our most hurtful , racist threads yet , based on stereotypes . 
  i have traveled to many european countries and found smiling , helpful , interesting , beautiful souls everywhere . 
  my german grandfather was captured during wwii and brought to a prison in france . 
  he never said anything bad about this time , he 'd mention swear words he knows in french and that was it . 
  yet when my brother and i were 12 or 13 years old and had to chose between french and latin as our third language , we both choose latin . 
  i hope it was free will and not some undiscovered hate being transferred . 
  german with turkish migrational background . 
  dutch with turkish migrational background . 
  that is in no way an argument for homeschooling - or against abuse . 
  first of all we do n't know the whole story . 
  did the inventors face other problems like social skills missing , only doing well in some subjects , etc. 
  second , we do not know if the would have not invented these things anyway , attending public schools . 
  i went to greece a year ago and loved it . 
  it was like 20 to 25 \u00b0 c and the people asked me if i 'd come back in the summer time . 
  me : `` in the summer time ? 
  this is summer for me ! '', 
  i would have not been able to leave my room during the summer .
