  only , if you claim hessian accents to be silly . 
  i do think so too . 
  not even my tooth paste is mint flavored . 
  but my german friends love it when i bring them mint flavored stuff . 
  such an insult ;-), 
  m&m s with peanut butter and with mint filling . 
  thank you for posting the links . 
  that 's a terrible association . 
  confused how the wolf got connected to germany in the first place . 
  it gets on my nerves . 
  my husband is american and i spent 2.5 years over there and got called nazi , asked if my children will be born with hitler salut and what not . 
  depending on the outcome of our election , it could be the percentage of the new nazi party and how many voted for them . 
  oh god , france . 
  i ask in english , they answer in frensh . 
  not when it comes to public places and parks and such . 
  pretty common , i 'd say . 
  even if the woman looks like she 's all natural she may wear mascara or foundation or powder or lip tint . 
  a lot . 
  i am a frequent traveler . 
  i 've also been to 40 us states . 
  two . 
  studied four . 
  i spent more than 2.5 years in the us . 
  i married my american husband and am in the process of emigration . 
  my friends think i 'm nuts , moving to the us when trump is president . 
  i 'm educated and plan on spending some of my retirement time back in good old europe . 
  not at all . 
  except every two years for four weeks . 
  omg , i just noticed it 's the link to the columbus farmers market . 
  duuude , i used to live in florence-roebling and went there to get my fake air 's in the 2000s . 
  based on which presumption ? 
  i was going to say the reunification but i do n't remember it while i certainly do remember 7:1 . 
  may be inside or outside , may be free or cost entrance fees , may offer everything or for example just kids stuff or bikes . 
  question baffles me to be honest . 
  we had it twice in one month . 
  what do americans think is going on in europe ? 
  it is unusual cold and rainy in bavaria . 
  pro tip , love it . 
  african american , native american and hispanic culture . 
  i 'd love to see even more diversity in europe . 
  also taco bell . 
  do n't judge . 
  they did n't make it in germany once and now are lost forever . 
  such a sad story . 
  well , i 'm in the process of moving to the states and i like english , so ... but my husband is learning german to be able to communicate with my parents plus he does n't want me and the kids to have our secret language . 
  you are using nazi rhetoric and fake news . 
  i would n't want to live in a country without social services applying to me in case of an emergency . 
  but there are more countries than germany or sweden offering it and so refugees are not just coming here . 
  might be the state of the moment but as stated above , it will change . 
  source ? 
  it could be the state of the moment , but traumas need to be worked through , languages need to be learned and children be born . 
  look how many offsprings of the gastarbeiter now have a high school degree and go to university . 
  i am happy that english is taught , understood and spoken in so many countries . 
  it makes traveling easier while at the same time meeting more interesting people and staying in contact with them . 
  i wish more countries would show movies in english like portugal and sweden does on tv . 
  learning english allowed and allows me to be in an intercultural marriage with english as our go to language . 
  they are a little extra . 
  the texas of germany . 
  own political party , high society ( schickeria ) , feeling superior because of their educational system , different beer , hitler loved munich , so lots of old nazis used to live / are living here on and with property that belonged to jews , and it does n't help that the rest of the world thinks oktoberfest , maib\u00e4ume and dirndl/lederhosen are german traditions when they are bavarian/southern german traditions only . 
  every german region has their own traditional fests and clothes etc. 
  um thanks for stating the obvious , i guess ? 
  i experience . 
  vacation maybe . 
  oktoberfest maybe . 
  i moved here 1.5 years ago and my family and friends do not visit me . 
  every person i meet who is not from baw\u00fc or bavaria tells me they would never move here and are glad they can go back . 
  i will leave in 6 months too . 
  it is used as an insult . 
  i am not concerned about low birth rates . 
  overall people are more concerned about having to work until they are 70 and then not receiving any rent by the government . 
  migrants and refugees who stay are often young and good for us . 
  but bavaria is more different than the others . 
  they agree and call the rest of germany preu\u00dfen while the rest of germany does n't wan na go there . 
  because my master degrees cost me less than 5.000 euros and i did not need to save up for university . 
  or what do you spend the money on ? 
  also , i 've never had a car . 
  no , salaries do not make up for it - and for 800 euros you get a single apartment ( 20 square meters ) . 
  got caught, 
  living costs , especially rent . 
  the less houses a city builds , the more expensive the ones that are there are . 
  we pay 2.500 euros in the city center for less than 100 square meters . 
  munich decided against skyscrapers so the city can only expand its outer skirts . 
  other german dialects and languages based on ( some ) german : bavarian , austrian german , swiss german , dutch , afrikaans , ... latin and italian were my second and third foreign languages in school . 
  helps with spanish a bit . 
  i also dated a german with turkish migrational background and understand the most common turkish words . 
  munich is the most expensive city in germany . 
  beer can be 5 euros , long drinks and cocktails more than 10 , shots 4 . 
  so you do the math . 
  austria , slowakei , qatar , turkey , israel , egypt . 
  am not . 
  i ca n't remember anything besides wars . 
  i have heard it is amazing . 
  super good public transportation , some of the most friendly people in the world , stunning architecture , great food . 
  the ones i have n't been to yet . 
  i 'm a solo female traveler who 's been to 4 continents - and 7 countries this year alone . 
  see the context on the sign ? 
  it 's not against germany or german culture . 
  user splits people into classes instead of cultures , probably communist , i mentioned this before . 
  that are anarchists or communists , a small part of our culture ( ! ) . 
  not the majority that define big parts of it .
