  this could help against discrimination , sexism , racism , help against all the wars and for a healthier view on taxes and family . 
  instead most us americans stay ignorant towards a better world for themselves , their kids , and everybody else . 
  and nobody likes ignorant people . 
  if it 's a fest , probably . 
  but if one goes to 1 spring fest , 2 beer fests , 2 kirchweihen and 2 oktoberfest weekends that 's still only wearing your tracht 7 times during one year . 
  my husband is us american , i am german . 
  my husband was brought up with violence and sees it as normal in us society while my parents , especially my mom , was absolutely against it . 
  so it 's weird you call a non violent upbringing american . 
  the us is not really known for non violence besides martin luther king . 
  i do n't . 
  bavarian here . 
  i only ever see them during spring fests , beer fests and oktoberfest . 
  like 7 or 8 weekends a year . 
  only during traditional dress days once or twice a year and during festivities like oktoberfest in september for two weeks ( if one goes there daily ) . 
  also tracht used to be super out of style in the 1990ies and only made its comeback a couple of years ago for bavarians going to the fest . 
  everyone else is just a tourist . 
  whatever the trending german song of the current european or world cup is . 
  politics is one of germany 's favorite topics but never have i heard somebody bringing the religion of a candidate into it . 
  not even in the small village my parents live in . 
  their stories . 
  i took a train each week for 60 minutes to visit my grandparents and now that they 've passed away i visit their siblings on holidays and i have flown across the world to meet some of their friends in the us . 
  they were a wild bunch with many partners and sex . 
  my husband and i own a small , three year old , white , poodle who does n't get a poodle cut and [ looks like a toy ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/b5/a3/2a/b5a32a1cd04f0ad42b6d5d583224e038.jpg ) . 
  there is no crisis . 
  but the us could start accepting more refugees in general . 
  my grandparents , their siblings and friends did it in the 1940ies . 
  we do n't . 
  there is nothing to celebrate about the us at the moment . 
  i am for it . 
  i always ask my partners to do it and i do as well . 
  there is a stigma including poly and / or promiscuous people but to me they are the best tested in the country . 
  oh god you 're the reason why the world finds americans uneducated . 
  afghanistan , iraq , ... and you 're only fighting the good fights ? 
  hope you do n't reproduce . 
  oh please . 
  you are already using automated planes , drones and more . 
  you also have a lot of homeless and / or untreated soldiers . 
  please get a ( free ) education in europe and get acquainted with less biased news . 
  most jobs will soon be automated anyways , they do n't need em and should rather be looking for a new niche . 
  i dont hate the us . 
  my husband is us american and i used to live there . 
  but to improve what you love you have to reflect upon it and see it 's weaknesses . 
  do n't be blind or nothing will change . 
  there are no superpowers . 
  and you are not the world police . 
  you can stop fighting wars and putting all that money into the military and rather spend it on affordable health care and education . 
  a superpower is socially great too . 
  the us is not ( yet ) . 
  strive for improvement instead of spreading hatred towards europeans . 
  huh ? 
  the us is not a superpower . 
  it puts a lot of money and lifes into war but it 's gun laws are dangerous , it 's health care and education system is a disaster , it 's economy based on credit card debt etc. 
  how do you define a superpower ? 
  i think hawaii would be well with it 's income through tourism . 
  i feel like they could grow as a people as well as economically , socially , politically . 
  our punk is now a lawyer . 
  another one is aiming for the un and i got a job offer in san fran and nyc . 
  i think it 's a beautiful place with it 's own traditions and cultures and should be independent of the united states . 
  i hope it 's not just for the blue rooftops , because there are only a handful there . 
  do n't be blinded by the pictures . 
  it 's always the same three churches . 
  can confirm . 
  my us american husband just visited me and i expected troubles with \u00e4 , \u00f6 , \u00fc but he really stumbled upon the ch a couple of times , like in `` ich m\u00f6chte '' . 
  super cute . 
  just a trend . 
  well i learnt latin and italian so i went to italy two times to see naples , rome , vatican , florence , venice etc. , visit important places , historical sights , have a look at the architecture and experience daily life . 
  well , why do n't you wan na talk about it ? 
  yes . 
  my us american husband just came to visit me and each day somebody would bring the topic up . 
  but not ask about it , rather state their opinion . 
  not that common , but not dead . 
  is europe moving to the right ? 
  yes . 
  should you be concerned ? 
  you might hear cringe worthy and questionably things on the news but compared to the us for example europe is really safe . 
  i needed to learn two foreign languages in order to get my high school diploma . 
  i learnt three . 
  but i 'd aim for different ones , if i could choose again . 
  like spanish . 
  i am a female solo traveler who has traveled the middle east . 
  most men , women and children were really wonderful , the food was delicious , the architecture stunning and the public transportation system well . 
  we should never forget to differ between a people and the government . 
  nope . 
  correctness  superstition . 
  language . 
  a person from the far north doesnt understand a person from the far south if the speak in their dialects . 
  continue to travel the world . 
  i actually have never seen one . 
  but we do n't wear a lot of shirts with team or activity descriptions like they do in the states anyways . 
  after i got back from my high school year in the us i had 22 new shirts by my high school . 
  agreed . 
  they are neither important nor influential nut i do n't know what would have been if they did n't exist . 
  quite a few especially older germans find it important that politicians are married i guess . 
  i do not know any family of my friends who worked like this and i do not view it as desirable . 
  id say its very though . 
  i am a female solo traveler who has been to over 25 countries including the middle east . 
  i trust individuals regardless of culture . 
  why ? 
  the majority prefers a house over an apartment - but most people ca n't afford it any longer . 
  yes .
