to add to it , it 's been in the news - especially how trump is criticized all over the world for not using the terms right wing and nazi because they support him . 
  never heard of it before but it 's an interesting word . 
  yes it is . 
  i was going to write the same word . 
  no doubt about it . 
  you can use it with friends for example . 
  i get it . 
  in which document are they included ? 
  i am looking for a name of a source . 
  i understand , but where does it state that ? 
  where does it state that ? 
  mexican , followed by vietnamese and japanese . 
  not that i know of . 
  but even if it were - there are always ways to work around it . 
  this adds to my arguments and contradictions nothing i wrote . 
  so yes , agreed . 
  sexism is a huge problem almost anywhere . 
  men and women face discrimination . 
  it 's men and women who act sexist based on being conditioned by society as a whole - by men and women . 
  women have a choice but base their choices often on what they have been taught . 
  sources are easily found online . 
  is there a specific nation or region you want to look at ? 
  you can start by having a look at the references and external links of the wikipedia page , for example . 
  yes , that is what i am saying : a female doctor makes on average 6 % less for the same job with the same educational background . 
  not because she is stupid . 
  she does not know how much her male colleague makes . 
  she may not be bold and self-secure enough to ask for a higher pay and argue why she earned it . 
  she 's taught not to brag . 
  sexism then also comes into play when explaining why in the world we do n't all hire women then if they make less money : because that would mean they leave the company when pregnant . 
  just another discriminatory reason not to hire women . 
  sexism is to blame for it , not choice . 
  before you are old enough to make choices you are brought up in a society that teaches girls and boys to take on specific roles and like specific tasks . 
  which influence the choices we make when it comes to life decisions including career path . 
  i specifically stated same career path . 
  not doctor compared to a nurse . 
  same job . 
  unfortunately , this is not true . 
  due to the gender pay gap , many families decide together that the woman stays home solely because the husband makes more money . 
  that decision changes everything . 
  it only makes those men happy that always hoped to provide for a spouse and those women who always dreamed of being a stay at home mom . 
  for everyone else it causes trouble , puts pressure on men to keep their job to provide for the family and for women not to take a took long break because it effects their career negatively . 
  you 're welcome . 
  think about it , it puts pressure on everyone . 
  on man to be a provider , on women to juggle career and kid and the kid wo n't see his/her dad much and always run to mom when something is wrong . 
  it 's unhealthy for everyone . 
  everything . 
  a lot . 
  even with the younger generation . 
  we have come a l9ng way but we still have a long way to go with closing the gender gap ( ~ 6 % ) and falling back into traditional roles after moving in together ( chores ) and having a child ( dad has fun , mom takes kids shopping and to doctor 's appointments etc ) . 
  i do n't notice how beautiful a city is until i move away and i notice i need to go and see places . 
  portugal and greece . 
  still warm and enjoyable . 
  some conservative , sexist , racist fool , i think ? 
  well ... 
  i grew up in a different state that i live in now . 
  being proud is connected to patriotism , which is a small way away from nationalism and nationalism did n't work well in germany . 
  being proud of germany was a big fuck up for germans . 
  so we are not proud of our country anymore . 
  i live in a big city now but i grew up in a town with 5.000 people . 
  please just stop . 
  that 's my thought on americans and their many different weird bonds with europe , knowledge of foreign politics and heritage . 
  black flip flops . 
  as germans have a very hard time to be proud of their country and winning a world cup is something our grandparents dream of for us to experience it is one of the greatest feelings in the world . 
  it feels like a once in a life time experience and you get to share it with all of your fellow countrymen and women . 
  it definitely brings us closer together for a moment . 
  people are proud and happy , honk their horns on their cars and party . 
  that we are like drunk tourist on oktoberfest : in dirndl and lederhosen with a beer in our hand . 
  the bavarians themselves did n't even wear much of their traditional clothes in the 90ies and go to the fest . 
  it 's just gotten hip the last two decades but it could change again . 
  must be tourist who hear anout the stereotype . 
  i have never seen a german without a child wait . 
  i watch it , because it is secretly very political . 
  came here to confirm . 
  bavaria , germany * oats or cottage cheese * sweet potato , chicken , vegetables * bread with ham and cheese * i snack on fruit, 
  mexican . 
  followed by japanese . 
  our english is a bit better so international companies settle here first . 
  r/longdistance r/marriage r/polyamory, 
  what is your question ? 
  my husband is us american and i am currently waiting for my green card . 
  i apologize . 
  my parents had two children and i would like three because i am about to leave my country and my sibling will be like a single child even though he or she might like a sibling around so i want three in case one comes after me and wants to move . 
  god no , that 's way to heavy for a work week . 
  we eat noodles , sandwiches and salad ususally during the day . 
  the weather and the deutsche bahn , let me tell you ... 
  no , that 's at 8 or 9 i think and then again at 16 . 
  protestant . 
  i have lived poly all my life . 
  in my home town it is a tradition that when you are 13 or 14 and you confirmed your believe in god you were seen as adult and able to by beer and cider everywhere . 
  no bending machines necessary . 
  cigarettes could be bought at 16 so you only needed to know someone a bit older . 
  and we all grew up to be decent adults . 
  no joke though . 
  god no , this is askeurope , not askanamerican . 
  skiing and swimming ? 
  best combination to see all of germany . 
  for skiing travel to the south of germany ( alps ) . 
  for swimming , take the train up north and go to the north sea . 
  in face germans dislike it very much when an american shows up and claims to be german when he or she does n't understand the political , economical and social values and does bot speak german . 
  we simply view americans as americans .
