  where and how is it not safe for your wife ? 
  yes , i do . 
  last time i went there was in april . 
  i met amazing people , had great food , saw fantastic landscapes and public transport worked well . 
  i am a female solo traveler who has been to 25 + countries on 4 continents . 
  i 'd oppt for iran . 
  i live in munich , the most expensive city in germany . 
  i do n't . 
  that 's why i am saying it is about the meaning , not the word . 
  we invented d\u00f6ner for us , when you share your knowledge afterwards , it does n't change our name nor meaning . 
  you have to think like a german . 
  it 's not about the word but it 's mean8ng and how it is culturally understood . 
  same in germany . 
  every week there is another neighborhood where everyone needs to leave their houses because a bomb that did not go off was found during construction work . 
  it 's weird thinking we walk on so many bombs daily . 
  true story . 
  i was a foreign exchange student at a us high school and i met some hoomeschooled kids on my soccer team and they all came from very religious families . 
  nazi . 
  language mistake on your side . 
  d\u00f6ner is the sandwich , d\u00f6nerfleisch the meat . 
  so we claim the sandwich with cabbage to be our invention not the meat or the sandwich with just lettuch and tomato . 
  : young consumers return from netflix and co. to tv - for convenience ; source : german marketing media outlet horizont, 
  in my experience people who do not drink are being judged in germany . 
  no matter if you are a teen or adult . 
  i am , my colleagues are . 
  i live in munich and it is weird . 
  i get judgy looks and comments when i do n't wan na drink alcohol ( because i plan on going to the gym ) . 
  same with my colleagues . 
  no , not respected . 
  but allowed . 
  i lived in the us for almost 3 years and studied it . 
  depends how big the loan is . 
  a small one , yes , a bigger one for a car or house , probably not . 
  yes , it 's the same here . 
  hipsters started it and now they are everywhere . 
  nice climate and beaches , friendly people but not my style of clothing . 
  with a contract and a signature . 
  you are on to something there . 
  it 's disgusting how you try to play down my experience . 
  you are ignorant . 
  turns out i 'm not german after all . 
  it 's so comfortable knowing that if i miss a connection the next subway or bus will be there in less than 10 minutes . 
  i communicate in english because i like to practice my english while some of them chose to speak in german . 
  it is hurtful not getting taken serious , especially when i got shot at , which is a traumatic and violent experience . 
  my boyfriend was black . 
  our combination was not too well liked by everyone . 
  talking about getting shot at, 
  i love them . 
  some of my best friends . 
  i met them during inline skates night . 
  they moved there for a job , some are happy and stay some leave after a couple of years . 
  they are neither better nor worse migrants . 
  just human beings . 
  there is a protest march from ankara to istanbul and more and more people are joining on the way so it will be a massive protest once it arrives in istanbul . 
  or river . 
  as white who spent a lot of time in harlem , i find you 're comment ironic . 
  germans are on time . 
  not when taking public transport . 
  you 're welcome . 
  and let 's not forget racist . 
  never is a strong word . 
  i 'd never agree to you . 
  yes . 
  that does n't make the land russian . 
  there are many migrants to claim to be this or that . 
  it does n't change the territory . 
  how do you define something being russian ? 
  ukraine better be getting krim back . 
  i dont know what it is with americans but every time i 'm in the states they want to take me to a german restaurant and it tasts nothing like the german food i ever had . 
  i mean these people probably came over 100 years ago and that 's how old their list of ingredients is too . 
  a surprise was german pizza though : pizza topped with sauerkraut . 
  tasted good . 
  i live in bavaria . 
  and bavarians would never claim sp\u00e4tzle as their own . 
  i want to mention that most europeans are not a fan of these regulations and laws . 
  if you do not speak the language , if you do n't know much about society , politics , economics and culture you 'll be viewed as alienated american , not as european . 
  please be aware of this . 
  it 's not just universal health care and education and parental leave , vacation days and a strong passport . 
  uhhh the wadden sea that 's my favorite . 
  there is nothing like it . 
  this is such a close minded , narrow opinion . 
  probably based on the education system and how one is thought to think . 
  we live in a globalized world . 
  what affects me affects you . 
  i used to live in the us and have friends there , i also work in an international company and it breaks my heart when pregnant women go to work until the day of their birth and have to go back after 4 weeks and the dads do n't get much more than a week of vacation days they had to take . 
  they 're not happy about it and i 'd rather be surrounded by happy colleagues and friends . 
  who grow old and not regretting not having enough time for their families . 
  because this is how most western people die : with the thought of having worked too much and not spend enough time with their loved ones . 
  just exchange the word in my text then while reading it . 
  it 's no major point but a side note . 
  then think of me writing hillary got the plurality . 
  i see franfurt as our best option . 
  the flower island mainau in konstanz , germany . 
  48 hillary , 46 trump 6 others . 
  48 percent is the largest groups , the majority . 
  i am married to an us american and i have spent almost 3 years in the us . 
  in europe , where most receive universal health care and education more and more people really wonder how us americans could vote for a sexist , racist president ( though hillary got the majority vote ) , how us americans do n't want to spend taxes on health care and education but rather be in credit card depth , ruin their economy slowly , believe in subduing the earth and spreading democracy by spending enormous amounts on military , starting wars and trying to be the global police no one wants them to be . 
  europeans also do n't understand why so many us americans do n't watch their health and become so obese , especially when your health care system does n't cover you . 
  another point are your number of vacation days , some do n't get sick days and there is no law for parental leave . 
  many us americans are just so absorbed by capitalism and national news that they do n't get to travel , see the world , learn another language , get to know other people and views .
