  i was going to say the same . 
  all . 
  the . 
  time . 
  fab !, 
  people hate them . 
  you have to get up early to pull a number and if you get there after 10 am you sometimes are too late and there are no more numbers . 
  you then have to wait for up to five hours . 
  germans hate it , because sitting around is not efficient and we call the people who work there lazy . 
  they get paid pretty well but do n't seem to do their job with the enthusiasm they should have . 
  that 's the general view . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's gotten so much easier . 
  while my parents live in a village and changed their job ( not career ) once , i live in one of the biggest cities in germany and in some careers it has become normal to change jobs every other year . 
  so in order to keep people , some companies now offer you to change your career path within your company so they do n't lose you and your knowledge . 
  sad as in we talked about world war two such much that we barely touched the unification you are talking about and i have never heard of prussia outside of bavaria and i do not know where father prussia is . 
  possible . 
  but i dont view it as sad . 
  it makes sense to me . 
  you are not familiar with the theory of how we become one . 
  one does not `` lose '' boarders . 
  i find this so weird . 
  when you ask people about historic events , technologies etc most will say `` i did n't think it would ever happen . 
  but it did '' . 
  you realize that no boarders means that there are no countries ? 
  yup . 
  i live in the most expensive city in germany . 
  * coffee : i do n't know * beer ( 0.5 l ) : 3.50 * milk ( 1l ) : 0.55 * bread : i do n't know * transportation : 1,50 per day * eating out : 25,00 ( dinner ) * movie ticket : 11,00 * rent : 18,00 per day, 
  no boarders , no limits . 
  * 1-4 or 1-6 depending on state : primary school * 4-9 or 6-9 or 4-10 or 6-10 : secondary school * 10-12 or 10-13 : high school * or or or ... 
  i learnt british english but when i went to the us as a foreign exchange student i learned american english . 
  i do not , because i do n't understand it . 
  not really . 
  i have been to anti nazi demonstrations where they circled us and used tear gas . 
  but no pulling weapons , kicking you in your back and such things . 
  coming from someone who has berlin in their name this genuinely makes me smile . 
  feel correctly represented . 
  which one was a clear cut success ? 
  germans still pay taxes to make the former east as economically successful as the west . 
  and europe has its hiccups too . 
  more than 150,000 . 
  this makes germany the home of the fourth-largest jewish community in europe . 
  yes . 
  i 've spent 2.5 years in the us , forgot about the ice cubes , went on a flight with united to the us and could n't drink my drinks because they were to cold because of the ice cubes . 
  the roman empire is still the roman empire and not the italian empire . 
  names hold truth to facts . 
  high german , hessian , saxian , bavarian , austrian german , some swiss german , dutch and afrikaans . 
  plus english , some italian and spanish . 
  i walk for 10 minutes , take the bus for 10 minutes , walk for 5 minutes . 
  viewing someone in a good light does n't mean one wants close ties . 
  why are you looking at numbers from 2012 if we have current ones that happened during the presidency of trump ? 
  the majority did n't go vote in protest . 
  many are not satisfied with the current status . 
  that 's why 77 percent of the population did not go vote . 
  puerto rico does not want close ties with the us !!, 
  to me puerto rico is its own nation and if you look at the 2017 referendum only 23 percent voted because the opposition and those in favor of sovereignty asked people not to go voting because it is a farce . 
  i love it . 
  it interesting and curious . 
  it 's colorful and tasty . 
  it 's educational and mind opening . 
  i do n't do summer vacation . 
  i do n't like the concept of it . 
  during the summer it 's hot in germany and i can relax , get a tan and swim in the ocean here . 
  i do n't need to go somewhere where i 'll burn . 
  i go on vacation in april and november . 
  went to texas , marocco , egypt , israel , quatar , greece , portugal , hong kong etc. 
  and it 's still 15 to 25 degrees everywhere . 
  so i get summer and sun three times a year . 
  soon i hope . 
  i wish they were joking . 
  i just saw a political poster of the csu claiming `` bavaria first '' . 
  americans , not english speakers . 
  me too . 
  i stated i understand the mening of how are you as a simple hi without real interest in an honest answer . 
  nope . 
  i know what it 's supposed to mean . 
  that 's why i am arguing it 's superficial . 
  nobody is really interested in how you are . 
  bullerb\u00fc , yes . 
  books and movies . 
  not for school . 
  nope . 
  no one shall reject without consequences . 
  once the refugees that stay become european citizens they can move freely . 
  these people knew me . 
  plus i 've been to more than 25 countries and never experienced it so intensely than in the states . 
  in addition not every country has the how are you . 
  in short : i disagree with you . 
  oh god no . 
  i answered green when people asked me how i am to check if anybody listens or cared . 
  did not . 
  so that was definayely superficial . 
  it was teachers and peers and what not . 
  i had answered them honestly before i changed my answer . 
  i started off by answering honestly . 
  after noticing nobody cared i did n't either . 
  hence i view it the other way around . 
  but when i traveled and met the poorest of the poor , i had some of the most meaningful and deep conversations . 
  i lived there over 2.5 years , went to high school , college , university , my relatives , friends and husband live there . 
  it 's not a stereotype .
