  i know the currencies and the exchange rates . 
  i am a female solo traveler though . 
  most europeans would probably only been able to state us dollars . 
  middle . 
  testing is not particularly big in national news but local newspapers may show a picture of the people who graduated that year . 
  this just proofed all of our points showing that the us is one of the most violent and dangerous countries in the western world . 
  woran hat was gelegen ? 
  of course they are rare . 
  no right to bear arms . 
  police officers are taught to deescalate . 
  shooting someone is the last straw and only used during national danger . 
  there is also not a lot of gun violence in general and against police . 
  especially compared to the us . 
  how is this not known ? 
  what did you think police was like in europe ? 
  stuff like in the states with police wrongfully killing someone and then not getting prosecuted is unheard of for years . 
  same here . 
  i had to watch it twice before i started to like it . 
  also a fan of monument men . 
  we read maria stuart . 
  `` faust i '' by goethe . 
  can you rephrase that please ? 
  i think its absolutely fine . 
  just because it is not the case does not mean it should not be this way . 
  speaking a countries language and being familiar with culture , economy , politics and more is usually how europeans define if someone belongs or not . 
  i do not feel good about them . 
  if one is german citizen but does not understand the words merkel and other pliticians speak , ca n't understand newspaper articles about economics , wo n't understand a german play or song and ca n't laugh about the interviews german soccer players give after a game they are just not truly german to me . 
  because language is an important part of culture and ethnicity . 
  do you understand what each more citizen means for a country in a national and international context ? 
  i have no idea why italy or any country gives passports away like this . 
  i am not convinced . 
  communal wellbeing over individual wellbeing . 
  i do n't like it and i do not support it . 
  you do n't speak much italian , you do n't know much about current cultural traditions , politics , economics , sports so you are not considered italian and hence should not get a passport . 
  why obtain something positive of you are not willing to really learn the language and be part of italian society . 
  both . 
  it depends on the question . 
  chancellor angela merkel called the internet `` new '' a couple of years ago . 
  fire ( ger ) and tornado ( usa ) . 
  good ones . 
  my seat neighbor in middle school was kurdish , later i dated a german man with turkish migrational background and met his family in istanbul . 
  they were super nice , made amazing food . 
  i know . 
  i grew up in an apple wine ( not cider ! ), 
  region . 
  * licher energy * becks ice * sour beer ( no certain brand yet ), 
  love your comparison . 
  fast food restaurants , hamburger places and soft drinks everywhere . 
  same here . 
  i feel a strong bond by now and it 's growing . 
  i live in bavaria and it 's always three degrees colder than in the middle of germany . 
  i like to stay warm and hot rather than freezing - i guess it 's time to move back . 
  no , not to mine . 
  but i can not speak for others . 
  i love my life , i live in a shared apartment , wear second hand clothes , cook instead of eating out and take public transport . 
  i have been to 25 + nations , i am now moving to my us husband and i like my job with it/tech . 
  i might work in silicon valley soon or move to singapore . 
  life is full of adventures . 
  us american . 
  i just feel at home and at ease when i am with americans . 
  i am not big on our history , i studied us and greek history . 
  i am 100 % percent german for generations but i do not look like it so people are often trying to figure out where i am from . 
  and beer . 
  not really . 
  their gum law is famous . 
  german politicians talk about south korea and japan when it comes to technology and public transport . 
  we discussed if we should pay our former colonies . 
  south vs. north on slavery and more . 
  north won . 
  some racist rednecks still got the southern flag up . 
  how hot it is during the summer and how cold it is during winter . 
  i do n't view it as huge compared to right wing ir religious terror . 
  just look at data available . 
  which war ? 
  which terror ? 
  terror has always played a minor role in europe it 's absolutely contraproductive to start surveillance and wars - especially in wars like iraq when the terrorists of 9/11 are n't even from there . 
  embarrassing . 
  and american traditions based in the bible like subduing the earth aka start a war are not ? 
  i do n't like this argument , because americans do not accept islam as teenager compared to christianity . 
  data insights . 
  germans do not feel guilty about the war . 
  we are taught what happened , which decision and action led to what but we are taught not to feel guilty about it but that we can be proud of germany as long is we make sure it never happens again . 
  and the us wars you chose makes me smile . 
  how about recent ones in iraq , afghanistan etc. 
  the us has lost soo many wars and still does not learn . 
  at least europe stopped going to wars mostly . 
  of course not . 
  every time a terrorist attack happens they take a piece of our freedom and exchange it for surveillance . 
  yet it has never stopped terrorists . 
  i go to the gym or i fall asleep . 
  i do not believe in death penalty so prison without parole or psychic ward . 
  of course . 
  we believe in crucked small roads and public transportation . 
  portugal , switzerland , austria or greece . 
  exactly : nothing . 
  same here , we simply have fans in the office . 
  the trick is to open it at night and close windows and shades during the day . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  yeah , i was going to ask the same thing - which air condition ? 
  our new global boss just visited us and she said : `` oh , i thought germany would be more industrial !,
