  bavaria = germany, 
  both are spoken in northern and middle germany so no . 
  my husband is us american and i 'm moving there soon . 
  hey now . 
  the only things that stands out about the us are negative like military spending , educational system , health care , parental leave , vacation days , sick leave etc. 
  so if americans wan na be proud of their exceptional underachievements ... go ahead . 
  it proofs the point of ignorance over open mindedness . 
  there is an english wikipedia entry on kevinism . 
  i 've been to over 30 us states and is say somewhere in the midwest , maybe illinois . 
  formerly michigan with its car city detroit . 
  same here . 
  1980ies kid . 
  i like the way you think . 
  it would be decided over a soccer game . 
  how about bavaria and austria unite and the rest of germany teams up with the netherlands ? 
  two or three times a year . 
  i 've been to the us and the middle east this year . 
  both . 
  it 's good that people learn english and can watch additional movies and listen to more music . 
  but the impact and pressure on our economy can get frustrating ( for example blue chip companies not paying taxes , data security , ... ) . 
  my husband is american , i am european and we basically had to get married to be able to live together . 
  we did it in a court house . 
  i do not believe in god and hence do not need a wedding at a church . 
  our sam 's last name will come in handy when one has to go to a hospital though . 
  now that makes an interesting case . 
  has he adapted to norwegian culture ? 
  does he live in norway ? 
  how come he did not learn the language ? 
  what language does he use to communicate ( to your mom ) ? 
  yes . 
  sometimes i consider speaking the language and embracing the culture , too , in my definition of a nationality . 
  i , for example , spend almost 28 years in germany and will now move to my husband in the us . 
  if i intend to stay , i will be first generation german american or simply us-american with german migrational background . 
  though i hold two passports . 
  it is not ( just ) a blog . 
  there are scientific papers , works , researches , studies , talkes etc. 
  about it . 
  i would leave out zurich too and go to salzburg in austria instead . 
  to me you are norwegian . 
  your dad is norwegian with danish migrational background . 
  i live in munich too . 
  in the inner circle ( city center ) . 
  our apartment for 5 people has less than 100m ^ 2 and costs 2500 euros rent each month . 
  sounds about right . 
  you make them yourself , of course . 
  they do , that 's fairly easy to look up if you have n't experienced it yet . 
  it may differ from state to state but where i am from , that 's what we do too : one apple ring in the middle of the pancake . 
  seems somewhat legit , but they put a lot of stuff - even cheese - with it , so i 'm still sceptical . 
  do not trust american pancake houses , even if they offer german pancakes . 
  just google it . 
  no , the opposite . 
  please read my comment again . 
  the attitude is that education should be cheap and we gladly pay taxes to allow master degrees below 5,000 dollars . 
  attitudes in students vary . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  i used to live in the states for 2.5 years and i 've at least been watching superbowl since then . 
  exactly , thank you . 
  as a german i find your devision to be an insult . 
  our pancakes are not crepes or crepes style . 
  but there are also not american style with syrup . 
  ewww . 
  they are in the middle . 
  oktoberfest culture . 
  rarely . 
  once or twice a month . 
  my husband is american . 
  we have been arguing about the size and thikness of pancakes for over 10 years . 
  just because it happens to both genders does n't mean it 's not sexist . 
  it is . 
  it does not matter what you and i think . 
  what matters is the association most people have . 
  look up right extremism . 
  nazis hurt and kill way more often . 
  and do n't forget `` gesamtschule '' were you can get your degree after 9 , 10 or 13 years . 
  calling her mutti is sexist . 
  she is a career woman and calling her mother is not doing her work justice . 
  am a fan . 
  and i am a lefty who does not vote for her party nor her . 
  new york city , washington dc , miami , vegas , la and sanfran are . 
  depending on if one wants to go shopping , to museums , to the beach or party . 
  nazis are the problem , not migrants . 
  thank you for your comment . 
  i agree . 
  life is better in germany than the us but our problems are n't the refugees but the nazis . 
  no , not at all . 
  we do not depend on the us . 
  in fact we can not use us content at all , because in the us everything is always the best , amazing , wonderful , fantastic and german editors need facts , numbers and the negative as well as the positive to create neutral news . 
  actually kevin was really common in east germany because it was viewed as american name and america stood for freedom back than . 
  [ `` the strange german disease called `` kevinism '' : can a lame name mess up your life ? '' ], 
  ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/discoblog/2012/02/01/does-a-lame-name-make-you-more-likely-to-be-a-smoker-with-low-self-esteem/#.wsfmyczctiu ), 
  not a fan but if i had to choose probably roma . 
  i am a cosmopolitan . 
  i travel a lot and adapt what i like . 
  same counts for germany . 
  i have hardly head about discrimination based on a name - except if you 're named kevin or jacqueline . 
  democracy . 
  always . 
  not much . 
  i work with business and it journalists and know how the news are made .
