  finland is not real, 
  pretty much , when they do n't see the people they are hurting as fellow citizens and more of `` us vs them '', 
  that picture does n't look like its even from this century , the cars look way too old, 
  lol - nyc, 
  that place is a cesspool, 
  ohio is near pennsylvania and michigan while wyoming moves up one box, 
  vermont in the north east the other north west, 
  why is ny in canada ? 
  vermont and new hampshire are switched in yours, 
  wow you 're literally the living version of reddit, 
  we 're trying man, 
   leaning ftfy : learning also i started learning english 10 years ago and i am still learning, 
  so when do they sacrifice the virgin , before or after the meeting ? 
  come on down to the states when you get a chance and you 'll know what bad roads are, 
  they 're just kids man stop it with your hate, 
  wait you guys have that problem in europe too ? 
  i thought that was our thing, 
  i am pretty liberal but this is just way too pc , it has come to a point where it is harming people, 
  should have been ` could n't ' , it was 5 in the morning when i made the comment, 
  they 're a fringe group most indians could n't care less, 
  damn that last one looks like my parents neighborhood , first thing my dad bought for the house was one of those flag poles . 
  we can make it american if you guys want, 
  katy freeway deal with it everyday here, 
  did america do something better than europe ? 
  wait really ? 
  any links to back it up ? 
   ceylon as a sri lankan , do people refer to my country as ceylon ? 
  because i kinda like the old name and my parents still use it . 
  head back to / r/european, 
  that 's good to know, 
  i truly hope that regular europeans do n't think like this, 
  good luck bud, 
  seriously nothing big is at stake for us , but for the europeans this is probably gets the ball rolling for an american style capitalism, 
  i used too but i am still excited about this news, 
  maybe there is still hope, 
  dude go look at the numbers for gay marriage approval for people under 40 . 
  that generation is more than happy letting gay people get married, 
  50 % of americans already support gay marriage , the other 50 % quickly dying off ( literally ) . 
  la angels fan confirmed, 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  really catchy song, 
  well russia was always there for india , while america only chose to play `` politics '' with our problems, 
  no jobs nothing to steal, 
  and here i thought we were alone, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr-lagj_dlq totally does not have any fascist tones, 
  speak for yourself , it 's a big deal in the northern states, 
   usa ( apparently no longer in north america )  canada ( not to be outdone , also no longer in north america ) american and canadians under the age of 23  europe any european hockey player not from czech republic , finland , russia and sweden, 
  well they 're having fun but that white shirt dude in the back is throwing the whole thing off, 
  well if you been to english cities you would know india and pakistan are slowly taking england as a colony, 
  go to / r/worldnews or / r/news and watch us americans talk about europe , it 's even worse, 
  do n't fuck with my winter plans iceland ... 
  please ? 
  as a brown guy who has to go through tsa a lot this is too real, 
  whole idea was stupidly done anyways , you say woman are forced to wear that thing and so you forcefully make them take it off, 
  you looking to start something yurop ? 
   stand against islam by lawful means and spreading public awareness that is not what they did, 
   i can disingenuously edit a video in america for people wanting theocracy . 
  you do n't even need to do that in certain parts, 
  whatever helps you sleep at night, 
   it is almost always easier to get a higher growth rate if you are a less wealthy country as someone who lived in india that is true, 
   denmark has over a decade had almost zero growth in gdp and has 4 years of negative interest rates . 
  damn did n't even know, 
  i am sorry did these people accidentally step into rio ? 
  so you agree that people with user name like his who have been pushing toxic ideology in this sub, 
  i do n't know i am not european, 
  almost feels like a person with that user name is pushing an agenda, 
  this again, 
   do i want a sensible immigration policy so enclaves are less likely to form and people with an immigrant background are more likely to integrate ? 
  yes . 
  that 's what i want to , because as child of immigrants i do n't people to be scared of me, 
   born to an immigrant with a different culture , so you ca n't say it has nothing to do with immigration even if they are homegrown . 
  just following the comment stream where people suggest deporting people and you blame the kids of immigrants and immigration so i assume you want to deport anyone that 's not ethnic european, 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  deporting people who live in europe for 30 years +, 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  deporting people who live in europe for 30 years +, 
  damn bro that sucks as someone that grew up in a jewish neighborhood in nyc this feels surreal, 
  i do n't think so , this sub-reddit has been going downhill since the migration crisis began, 
  it comes from a sanskrit word arya, 
  anything that pushes people to the right is a victory for them no matter the cause, 
  well in india where the word aryan comes from , it is used by people to call someone from the persian empire, 
  saints among men ? 
  is n't sd / r/europe 's favorite party ? 
  well its been 9hrs so a lot more than 1, 
  i agree with what you said , but as child of refugees from sri lanka i just fear the backlash against immigrant that are already living here like what is happening post brexit uk, 
  also true, 
   it 's should be fine as long as you 're not a disgusting male . 
  20 + years of being male here, 
  well the people that have been using that statement all over reddit seem to hold that view , as if the new alt-right will `` save europe and bring back the glory '' . 
  a lot of people on reddit including this sub justified these types of attacks when it happened in germany and sweden, 
  just a brown guy passing through the comment section , do n't want any trouble, 
   the regressive left cause we all know the right has infallible ideas, 
  same is true in america, 
  i am gon na enjoy the next couple of years of brexit, 
  is there some optimism i see there ? 
  just giving 2007/08 a run for its money you ca n't blame us this time though, 
  as a sri lankan american i am just going to assume you are either stupid or you do n't actually understand how americans actually treated different european immigrants, 
  not since the whole refugee crisis there has been a rise of euroskepticism in this sub, 
  reminds me of this sub and its users for the past couple of years . 
  as a brown guy is that a welcome sign u got there,
