good to know florida 's reputation is known world around, 
  you talkin shit about nyc ? 
   allen wrench allah wrench ftfy, 
  the party is just getting started for those two . 
  did you have 4lbs of steak in one sitting when you were in austin ? 
  agree with you , and the downvotes prove that, 
  in the end putin wins, 
   christ , if he represents the hippy dippy liberal left in russia , what the fuck is left for the right wing parties ?!, 
  you do n't want to know, 
  its just a meeting not actual debates why is everyone freaking out in this thread ? 
  it brings all the boys to the yard, 
  they 're immigrants do n't you know they are not suppose to have those things ^ ^ ^ / s . 
  that 's just here in the us , i hope europe does n't fall for that bullshit, 
  every immigration thread is like that, 
  ^ son of sri lankan immigrants totally agree , once you start speaking english americans see you as an american, 
  nope nyc still on top , houston just beat chicago, 
  they will never see it coming, 
  wow your 're 11 days deep into / r/europe, 
  my parents were sri lankan refugees i wish they had those kind of conditions when they were in a refugee camp . 
  missed something ? 
  here : \\ \\, 
  i agree with you, 
  ah the ny state guards, 
  are you really ready to live in a world where you have to make that comparison ? 
   idris elba he is john luther *, 
  finally dr.king is recognized for his fight for civil rights , good on ya vatican city . 
  then who will you ( europe ) compare yourselves too ? 
  god dang children, 
  well i think the indian gov ' t would disagree, 
  so why sweden of all countries ? 
  i ca n't say no to that mustache, 
  that 's true, 
   persecution of ( other ) religious beliefs which they then did to the natives, 
  i want to know is it really that bad ? 
  do you guys see major changes around where you live ? 
  as a child of immigrants to america i want to know, 
  talking about the puritans specifically, 
   use most of the immigrants are muslim . 
  and we here in yurup do n't feel like having shiara law . 
  because that means we ca n't get drunk . 
  most of the immigrants that came to america originally , held a similarly strict religious views too, 
  agreed why do n't we just invite / r/european over i am pretty sure everything will be just ` hunky dory ' in this sub from now on . 
  hey look they have their own jerry springer * wait a minute ... *, 
  i like how american-centered these are , i can relate to them, 
  we are not last yay !, 
  got to be good at math to pass those classes, 
  varies state by state here in america, 
  it is no winning with you guys, 
  except when they decide to make memes, 
  damn that got you downvoted bad, 
  also true, 
  we went there as country twice without visas, 
  there is a middle ground between full on bluntness and full on tumblrina , is that too much to ask ? 
  cause the other side is so perfect, 
  no they 're just being assholes both at home and abroad, 
  well if they want to enjoy the immigration and economic rights that comes with being part of the continent then they should also have to make the same sacrifices as the other countries . 
  man those other countries with polish immigrants should implement similar plans, 
  but i , like most seem to keep coming back, 
  ca n't watch the video but can anyone tell me why the crew was attacked ? 
   the swedes here on reddit often get upset for some reason good thing they do n't represent the whole country, 
  probably same effect as playing in beach sand if the snow is fresh, 
  it is a start, 
  yea i would n't trust heritage foundation 's numbers either, 
  ironically transgender people have a god in hinduism at least in the southindian version of hinduism they do . 
  if they are your definition of a center right party then i do n't want to know what you would consider a far-right party, 
  as an indian i am happy we at least held first place for sometime even if it is for a short time . 
  literally give them proof and it is still not good enough apparently, 
  see the argument below, 
  at least now its back to normal, 
  i ca n't believe your 're getting downvoted for this, 
  just like that van owners are discriminated again, 
  it 's belgium , their governments are still discussing the plans for the renovation, 
  or when franco took power in spain, 
  / r / european, 
  i like the one with the clock, 
  and maybe biology too ? 
  i got hired before graduating college with a cs degree , engineers are always in demand here . 
  problem is getting here like you mentioned before , and any mid-sized city has everything you need . 
  well technically white people were the minorities in america before they became the majority, 
  wait , that does n't add up, 
  both party tends to have common goals especially constituent wise, 
  nyc mayor is a democrat he gave a speech for the labour party, 
  well that sucks, 
  as a son of sri lankan refugees living in the us all i can say is thank you, 
  good for them , you need a strong anchor for the eu and germany is doing a great job of it . 
  i rather listen to a swede about sweden than a austrian spewing hate, 
  dissenting opinion , wow you must be brave, 
  looks like teenager 's text messages from the mid 2000s, 
  otto von bismarck center of all of it, 
  boy that turned out so great, 
  we do n't know where half of these countries are , do you really want to see that map ? 
  that 's not how justice works, 
  not risk but should be deported , swift and strong punishments will deter people from committing the crime in the first place . 
  this coming from a refugee, 
  collar game too strong, 
  well hopefully content providers will see they can make more money with streaming service than with traditional media, 
  they have to get the rights to stream the content first, 
  there is a lot of swedish dank memes that make their way to / r/all that 's why, 
  small yet strong, 
  fear won,
