   tokamachi has one of the most famous kimono factories in japan , and the mayor 's daughter has borrowed kimono croatia from the factory 's exhibition rooms which has been made in the memory of the croatian football team 's presence there , and was granted the first prize for kimono at the snow festival in tokamachi in february 2006 . 
  she wore this silk kimono in honour of ambassador 's birthday . 
  [ also the cake was served , glazed with croatian and zagreb 's coat of arms , from the roof of st. mark 's church in zagreb 's upper city . 
  ] ( http://croatia.org/crown/content_images/2009/kimono_croatia/kimono_croatia001.jpg ) [ source ] ( http://www.croatia.org/crown/articles/9723/1/kimono-croatia-worn-in-honour-of-croatian-ambassador-stambuks-birthday.html ), 
  if 20 years is what you want , it 's fine . 
  because in reality , it 's not that far . 
  maybe a few years . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  at least we have some company , hehe . 
  not only that , but \u0160e\u0161elj 's party ( the guy burning flags , spewing hate and who was very active in yugoslav wars ) got 8 % of the votes in their 2016 elections . 
  seriously , what 's up with that . 
  that 's wholly legit line of thinking , or rather feeling , as well . 
  after all , home is where your heart is . 
  i just do n't think it 's necessarily in your ( not speaking to you specifically , but generally ) homeland . 
  you could just try moving somewhere else , not living `` here '' might be preferable to not living at all . 
  not at all , good burgers are usually around 5 $ here and i 'd say it 's worth it . 
  `` normal '' sandwiches ( some grilled/fried meat and vegetables ) cost around 3 $ . 
  just a little caveat , it 's ` zagre ** b ** \u010danec ' , there 's no change when writting it down . 
   zagreb - zagreb\u010danec fixed that one for you . 
  tu\u0111man was n't tried . 
  it was in croatia . 
  i believe you 're thinking of adriatic sea . 
  not really , should be `` pivo '' . 
  a lot of the commie building suffer from neglect and depressing colours . 
  putting a fresh coat of paint would do a lot for them . 
  they still would n't measure up to the older architecture , but it would at least be decent . 
  its sheer size is quite impressive , so at least some credit goes there . 
  i never heard people grumbling about that church and i also kinda like the modern touch on them , so you 're definitely not alone . 
  a `` fun '' - fact , the church on the third picture is colloquially called `` darth vader church '' , which i find very fitting given its appearance . 
  communist ? 
  is n't he supposed to be a social democrat ? 
  tbh , some of his statements regarding migration crisis ( what we get in the news ) were quite to the right . 
  he 'd probably fit into croatian far right . 
   i 'm curious , how would you characterize them , compared to various other empires quite alright i guess . 
  could it have been better ? 
  probably , but it could have been also a lot worse . 
  shame it was dismantled after wwi , the proposed united states of greater austria would have been a better alternative than what came instead . 
  no , no and no . 
  gibanica is a specific `` dish '' , which has some variations , but it 's definitely not generic . 
  the one on the picture is `` prekmurska '' which differs a bit from ours . 
   it 's svetlo in kajkavian . 
  khm , khm , `` liht '' reporting for duty . 
  but the map is about standards i presume , so it 's even weirder that the original maker could n't be assed to look it up ( it 's not like he had to look up all the dialects , just standard ) . 
  i doubt there 'll be yugoslavia involved in ww3 . 
  you 're a bit more than a decade late . 
  because `` centre '' was zagreb before . 
  architecture aside , there was a giant overlap between croatian and german language in zagreb , which is why `` agramer '' ( proper zagrebian ) is filled with german loanwords . 
  it 's worth noting krafne usually have a filling ( most common is apricot marmalade/jam , ) whereas fritule do n't . 
  polish hussars leading the way !, 
  i do n't think the article did a good job explaining her motivations and what prompted her to think it 's a good idea , especially given her workplace . 
  all we got is three guys 10 years younger luring impressionable her . 
  not much on reasoning or anything . 
  she kidnaps her child to join a terrorist organisation breaching all kinds of human rights in a war zone . 
  she worked as a social worker . 
  let that sink in . 
  you ca n't attack something that does n't exist . 
  i 'm not sure what statement you 're talking about since the one i quoted is the very first to be mentioned . 
  no one talked about serbia until they themselves started fussing about , seems pretty weird to me . 
  afterall , croatia is in nato and has certain standards to uphold , considering its participating in peace missions . 
  the cops , of course !, 
   eastern europeans think they 're entitled to a job in the uk or western europe simply because they 're white . 
  never heard anyone express such attitude . 
   jobs and immigration should come on basis of merit , not race or religion . 
  this however i did . 
  your comment does n't really address the fascist problem though , which / u/solewanderer wondered about . 
   ante kotromanic said earlier in the day that his country `` has no hostile intentions toward serbia '' . 
   warmongering clickbait at very best . 
  i wonder whether even more complaints in more cities will surface now that so many had already come out . 
  someone will have to do a recap on all this . 
  hillbillies and football hooligans are two different things . 
  whether there could be an overlap , i 'll leave it to you to figure out . 
  not so sure , i 'm not too informed on how it goes in dalmatia . 
  they 're seen as rednecks/hillbillies , lacking the manners of someone from the city . 
  i 'm of the opinion that someone can always slip by , but here 's hoping i 'm wrong . 
  i 'm pretty sure jihadists are n't armed when returning to their countries ( uk , france , etc. ) . 
  nor are all vocal about going to jihad . 
  of course not . 
  but can you be sure that the one who went to jihad murdered someone ? 
  what i 'm saying is you ca n't simply imprison people for going to jihad , nor you can 100 % sure who went to middle east because of jihad . 
  as is now , you 'll have jihadists returning . 
  the key point is if we have lawful reasons to . 
  i 'm not an aficionado of all the legal systems throughout europe , but i 'm pretty sure you ca n't imprison them for going to participate in jihad . 
  there should be some solid proof of their wrong-doing , and you probably wo n't get that in the mess that middle east is now . 
  even if it was illegal to jihad in syria and co. , how would you know ? 
  unless there is footage , for all you know they may have just went on vacation . 
  historically , vlachs in croatia were mainly orthodox people who came here after ottoman conquest in south-eastern europe ( that 's how they are reffered to in documents ) . 
  but i think it 's a broad term . 
  today , there are some in istria , and they speak istro-romanian language . 
  i never heard of them facing discrimination . 
  however , there are vlaji in dalmatia ( do n't know how relevant that is ) and they are seen as backward villagers with all the other `` honors '' that go with it . 
  there 's also `` boduli '' , who are mainly people from the islands . 
  that would be two derogatory terms in dalmatia . 
  i never heard of the two being used in zagreb however . 
  and considering how little there is of them , it would be odd . 
  so take it with a pinch of salt . 
  it 's definitely not common . 
  i 've never heard of that . 
  there 's vlaji in dalmatia , but i do n't know how relevant that is . 
  of course . 
  i 've just skimmed over some weather forecast , and it 's supposed to be below the freezing point over the next few days .
