  i 'd like to visit krakow , looks lovely . 
  it is , but bayern unlike saarland does n't have it as a holiday state-wide , just some parts of it . 
  depends on where you go . 
   would we be allowed to rent a room with only one bed or would people react ? 
  no one cares . 
   how about holding hands publicly ? 
  eh , it 's a bit more touchy , but i 'd wage you 'd be fine in urban areas . 
  you can always stumble upon a bigot , but people are busy enough themselves on the streets to care about others . 
  maybe some looks . 
  so , it 's not even on states level but rather just regions ? 
  interesting . 
   no one will correct you , and some may not care , but some croats ( especially older ones ) prefer the term `` balkan '' instead of `` eastern european '' eh , i 'd say it 's the opposite . 
  both are quite loaded . 
  nice collection anyways , but there are more representative pictures of zagreb , and a few other picturesque towns were left out ( vara\u017edin , opatija , ... ) . 
  the osijek co-cathedral looks great too . 
  i 'll take a wild guess and assume it 's a public holiday in bayern , it would be interesting to see how it 's on states level in germany . 
  somewhat , depends to what extent the person speaks kajkavian . 
  some speak shtokavian with elements of kajkavian , some a mix , etc. 
  but kajkavian itself is hard for people who were n't in touch with it . 
  kajkavian is different from shtokavian : vocabulary , cases , etc. 
  and here am i sitting here , still wondering why this thread was removed without any notice in the first place . 
  and why [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3gq2dg/meta_why_was_the_thread_about_tomislav_salopek/ ) was removed as well ( no notice either , but normal comments , no insults or anything , were removed ) . 
  is it against the rules to ask ? 
  seems so . 
   that german would serve me better in hungary than english as someone who had experience with english in hungary , i concur . 
  almost no one learns french and spanish in croatia . 
  german is the second foreign language ( after english of course ) people opt out for in croatia . 
  and i 'm sure such is the case in other small non-german speaking countries . 
  only in spain . 
  anywhere else english trumps everything except for the mother tonque of the nation . 
  then comes german . 
  just hooligans as usual , does n't need to be football though . 
   yeah ... it is n't really uncommon for serbian cars to be vandalized in croatia it 's not uncommon for croatian cars to be vandalized in croatia as well , lol ( zg plates in split ) . 
  yeah , he said that about poland and the baltics . 
  you 're sort of mistaken . 
  it 's centre right , and it has elements of patriotism . 
  but it 's not nationalism like you mean it ( they were in coalition with serbian parties a while back , etc. 
  ) , like i said , h\u010csp is comparable to seselj and they have their antics , hdz is simply not . 
  criminal , they did take part in a lot of malversations ( sanader , ex-pm ) is on trial . 
  i am still waiting on yours . 
  hdz is simply not comparable to seselj in any way , it 's a centre right party . 
  what you can compare to seselj is h\u010csp , and you can check how they fare . 
  popular to some degree , yes . 
  but `` the most popular '' absolutely not , neither does 70 % of croatia listen to him ( i like how i was downvoted for simply asking for a source for such a claim ) . 
  the only `` most '' he can be is controversial . 
  no , he 's not . 
   ( he achieves more than ~ 70 % of the croatian population ) citation needed . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i do n't remember anyone burning serbian flag in front of an embassy in croatia . 
  a source would always be appreciated . 
  it seems the military parade should stroll along a bit to the south . 
  terrible news though . 
   and most of croatia was austro-hungarian . 
  all of croatia was in austro-hungary from the beginning of it . 
  there 's a video of the aftermath on youtube as well . 
  i ca n't link it now , but maybe he 'd be interested in seeing it , since he 's in such disbelief . 
  now even croissants are nazi ? 
  what 's next ? 
  fascist pizza ? 
  hm , we will see how it will unfold . 
  slovenia will obviously push for arbitration since their arguments simply would n't fly in an international court . 
  i 'd say croatia will insist on international court since the general public would n't be fond of any other solution and slovenia does n't have leverage anymore ( we entered the eu ) so they ca n't blackmail and force their solutions . 
  they can try blocking us from schengen , but no one really cares about that and it would not look good for slovenia , but like they care . 
  being the the schengen border country is not fun anyways , just look at problems of hungary . 
  slovenia decided no and insisted on this arbitration , blocking croatian negotions for the eu until croatia agreed on this . 
  croatia wanted to go to the international court in hamburg . 
  our arms industry is good too . 
  the summer months are considered as tourist season , spring is pre-season . 
   this due to the tourist season . 
  it states the data is for may 2015 in the article , how did you draw this conclusion ? 
   for reasons ** even ** children would understand ? 
  fixed . 
  erm , actually you can drop the ' / s ' because it 's exactly what happens/happened . 
  no one is overreacting . 
  we know of one member and that 's enough to seriously question the legitimacy of the court . 
  corrupting the court is generally not perceived as a legitimate way of solving the problem . 
  polan , y u do dis ? 
  macedonia and bulgaria are screwing it up too . 
   there is no legal way to unilaterally withdraw from this arbitration . 
  you can via vienna convention since slovenia breached the agreement about arbitration ( article 6 ) . 
  so , you would only have articles concerning multiple european countries ? 
  there is a good deal of articles regarding croatia that would fit in r/europe , but none of the media in english is reporting on it ( not enough clickbait of their liking i guess ) . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3e7bnj/slovenia_croatia_border_dispute_with_a_twist/ ) for an example . 
  it 's pretty big and concerns both slovenia and croatia , but i did n't see anyone reporting on it in english . 
  it was n't shaping up anways , especially considering the recent statement ( a month or two ago ) from the slovenian minister that he has info that the verdict will be in favour of slovenia . 
   time for mrs pusi\u0107 to shine , if ever . 
  mr glass half full , i see . 
  this will probably go to the tribunal in hamburg , where it should have been from the start . 
  interesting , but it 's mostly just a few counties ( not counting slovenia which itself could be a single county :p ) . 
   considering , freedom of press rankings for croatia were poor , it could be certain entities do n't want croats to know about this option . 
  ensuring the press keep quite . 
  hah , that 's debatable and it 's debated in croatia , / r/conspiracy style . 
  not about this thing particulary , but the general interest of medias . 
  the media is very centered around ex-yugo ( not so much around slovenia ) - but languages are similar so it 's understandable to some point . 
  there 's almost nothing about hungary , eventhough we share a long border with them and had 800 years of interwined history . 
  people in general do n't care much , so they consume what they are given through medias . 
  as a result , most people wo n't care too much about anything , some will about ex-yu , but almost none will know about v4 for example . 
  i would n't attribute this disinterest to entities per se , it 's probably just due to lazyness and narrow-mindness of academics and other elites . 
  it was just not discussed , nor was it taken note of . 
  a lot of people are mentally stuck in some other times , we 're still having `` ustashas vs partisans '' nonsense in 2015 .
