  heck , even zagreb is more to the west than vienna . 
   that 's how we say hallo halo , griechenland, 
  the pdf is about the most common negative opinions on eu . 
  obviously , the goverment would n't feel obliged to answer ( and include ) multiple questions regarding national sovereignity if not many people cared about it . 
  and the question of sovereignity was important and thouroughly discussed by everyone ( general public , political parties , medias ) during our accession to eu . 
  and we 're talking about the eu as is now . 
  throw in a federation and people will be even more reluctant . 
  how 's a pdf from croatian ministry of foreign and european relations anecdotal ? 
  people are against it for various reasons , and all over the political spectrum . 
  i too am not really convinced by the result . 
  not that there are no people wanting a federal state , it 's just that they 're definitely not over 50 % ( anything over 20 is stretching it ) . 
  the reception of the eu referendum was lukewarm too . 
  it would not even be beneficial . 
  it would just be a road to even bigger irrelevance . 
  we would have no say , and eu would give so much damn about what croatia thinks . 
  it can only lead to further regression . 
  maybe he 's from split or smthing , i dunno . 
  but southern croatia had rich cultural exchange with italy . 
  arguably the biggest , moreso than with northern croatia you could say . 
  so there should n't be a problem with grouping croatia in the same group as italy . 
  rather than southern/northern croatia , coast/continental might be more appropriate . 
  croatia is not a balkan country so it 's fine :p, 
  honestly , i 've learnt of poirot much before tintin . 
  i think poirot may be more popular . 
  i definitely would n't call them the same thing . 
  treating them as interchangeable is wrong . 
  croatia did n't go bankrupt in that period ? 
  i checked the source on wikipedia and in that whole document croatia is mentioned only once in a table , where they included ** restructuring ** alongside defaults . 
  the article is not well-sourced either , and if other existing sources are like this one ( this is used for few other countries as well ) , it 's not a reputable source of information . 
  no backsies !, 
  the only despicable thing here is your attitude . 
  it 's skewed because it combines different polls from wikipedia . 
  different pollsters , different years , different samples , ... you ca n't use it to compare countries , not unless the same set of rules was applied to each country . 
  heh , we still use it in croatian . 
  source on someone 's logic ? 
  i glanced at your article . 
  the problem is it 's reenactment and deals with only one specific case . 
  if it were set up any differently ( or with different role-players ) , the outcome may be different . 
  but i do n't want to go into specifics of a single incident . 
  say like this , would you say that a pepper spray is more likely to save a person from potential sexual assault ? 
  if the answers is yes , than you do agree that `` having a tool to fend off attackers is more likely to save you than not having one '' . 
  if not , i 'd like to hear your input on why it 's not more likely for the pepper spray to help in such situation . 
  no , you should n't . 
  by his logic , having a tool to fend off attackers is more likely to save you than not having one . 
  sattelites , nukes and whatever else are completely irrelevant . 
  it 's just not comparable . 
  puca and djevojka as well ( for girl ) . 
  flundra/fufa / \u0161traca / drolja ( slut ) afaik , cura stems from proto-slavic , and it was derived from `` vagina '' or somethin like that . 
  i think i read something like that , not too sure ... 
  of course not , it 's irrelevant . 
  there may be a nameday , but people do n't care . 
  the only ones that i could remember are martinje , sometime in november i think when people get drunk , and \u0161tefanje , a day after christmas . 
  so only martina/martin and stjepan / \u0160tef / \u0160tefica would be actually remembered . 
   i guess i could pretend to be a tourist and only speak english . 
  unfortunately , that 's how it 's for croatians as well . 
  foreigners coming to the coast are just more interesting than regular croatians . 
  maybe it 's just the fact that the writer is from the south of croatia . 
  rijeka is in the north and i doubt too many hungarians go south , so there was no chance of molding a specific stereotype . 
  `` pravo '' also means `` right '' ( as in rights - prava , but it can also be as if you 're in the right - ja sam u pravu ) . 
  it can also mean `` real '' . 
  they need to get into slovenia first , and get into croatia before . 
  the chances of getting caught are huge . 
  they 'd need to cross slovenian border as well . 
  it 's rather impractical . 
  latin ae is aj . 
  and guess why it was a no spectators game ? 
  this dumb retaliations by `` supporters '' ( hooligans ) need to stop . 
  the worst thing is that they see themselves as some holy warriors , fighting the fa with legit means ( lol ) . 
   not sure about this instance though . 
  yeah , i 'm sure croatian fa prepared it as an official welcome to italians . 
  croatian border police would stop them first . 
  crossing a border is not that easy and croatia needs to be careful of who they let in . 
  did n't get bombed by nato , but there was something else that was much more devastating . 
  along with physical damage , it ruined tourism to an extent . 
  so , i wouldnt count that nato bombing as a factor , and we did n't have much use of eu ( yet ) . 
  tourism , though , for sure . 
  you can apply a similar answer as to the `` slovenia vs macedonia '' question . 
  i know , but as / r/europe is more of a political sub , memes as submissions probably wo n't fly . 
  there usually are some in the comments , so it would probably be fine there . 
  you 're going to get downvoted because of `` average '' . 
  that 's a helluva strech when all you did was post a picture . 
  i 'll give you that you hate your tycoons ( same can be applied to croatia though ) , but you always find a way cram in the immigrants . 
  actually , it does n't even need to be immigrants . 
  how it goes : `` dumb slovene tycoons selling slovene national treasure to dem dirty croatians who 'll ruin evrything ! '', 
  do n't worry , i can read slovenian ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  there 's a difference between taking someone 's savings ( like ljubljanska banka did ) and not paying back the loan back ( like some croatian companies did ) . 
  giving out a loan always means taking a risk , and those croatian companies who took them may very well be bankrupted and not able to pay back . 
  mind you , croatian courts ruled out that some of these companies do need to pay back the money . 
  so there goes your argument of noone else showing the good faith . 
  on the other hand , ljubljanska banka missused the trust of tens of thousands croatian ( and from other countries as well ) citizens and basically grabbed their money . 
  they had no access to it and almost lost all hope of ever seeing it again , until european court for human rights told slovenia to pay back the money 20 years later . 
  to top it off , slovenia even tried to use the ratification of croatian 's eu accession agreement to blackmail dropping of this subject . 
  so , talking about slovenian good faith is a bit on a nonsensical side . 
  anyways , you might link some sources . 
  like this : [ 1 ] ( http://www.vecernji.hr/kompanije-i-trzista/slovenija-mora-vratiti-novac-svim-stedisama-950852 ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.politikaplus.com/novost/64276/slovenski-mediji-ljubljanska-banka-bi-usla-na-hrvatsko-trziste-i-namirila-sva-dugovanja )  if you ever visit a slovenian news forum where a story is published where imigrants are used as slave labour by slovenian construction companies , all you 'll see is outrage , and shame , and calling that these directors of these companies be jailed and their assets seized . 
  something tells me the outrage is about immigrants first , then maybe slave labour . 
  so far there was [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/385vkl/leaks_from_reuropes_private_moderator_sub_has/ ) . 
  check out the album . 
  hi , if you really want to know moderation 's stance on it , i 'd strongly suggest you to read the recent leaks . 
  there 's an imgur album somewhere .
