  similar to russia . 
  you said turkey would be in if it was christian , but i think there are other problems . 
  russia is a christian country that shares a lot of your problems , and they 're not in eu . 
  i 'd say not taking it off would make you look like peasant . 
  otherwise , the cake would just splatter all over the plate . 
  the puff pastry top is tasty , but impossible to `` break '' with a fork . 
  especially if it 's still on top of cream . 
  in that sense , zagreb one is more practical to eat . 
  i imagine 2 or 3 am more as a night walk than 22/23 h. 
  i 'm hoping you 're just being snarky like i am . 
  right , it 's poland so it must be soviet . 
  because it 's a larger block that could counter germany in some points , and we know germany took uponself the leading role in eu . 
  it started out as adriatic-baltic initiative and its big focus was supposed to be energy independency , but it was later expanded to include black sea , especially after the south stream pipeline went south . 
  it is also quite important for croatia because the idea is to develop the lng terminal on krk and use it to supply eastern and central europe with gas , thus lessening their dependency on gas from russia . 
  and to connect it to the lng terminal recently built in baltics . 
  us is very keen on this and some from eu could see this as american interference . 
  us is sending messages/signals to us about moving that project along , but our dumbasses are working at snail 's pace , even if they are working . 
  even trump mentioned krk lng terminal to kolinda today . 
  germany does n't like this because they have special deals with russia regarding north stream 1 & 2 and they also sell the gas further down the line . 
  just recently there were news of some german media criticising three seas initiative , comparing it to intermarium . 
  i believe it 's germans lobbying against it . 
  there 's no need for such hot-headed agressiveness . 
  point is it 's a bilateral issue that can only be solved by croatia and slovenia , no one else has any jurisdiction to force implementation of anything . 
   he said four pandur armoured personnel carriers had been sent to the tyrol region and 750 troops were on standby . 
  is pandur name of the vehicle ? 
  because in croatia pandur would mean a cop . 
   in reality of course , the national governments decide where the money is spent , and advertising is simply not on the list . 
  while this is not the case with our country , a lot of other governments also use eu as a scapegoat . 
  the di\u0161pet is just too stronk for us to handle !, 
  people do n't care that much , they did n't really care during accession ( 4 years ago ) either . 
  [ less than 50 % of the voting population voted on the referendum regarding entering eu ] ( http://dnevnik.hr/vijesti/hrvatska/rezultati-referenduma.html ) . 
  because the government anticipated this , they changed the laws to remove the vote turnout requirement of 50 % in order to legitimise the decision . 
  of course , that bit everyone in the arse two years later when a catholic group decided to push for a referendum on a constitutional ban of same-sex marriage . 
  you 'd come to expect better from a news site . 
  nothing , but it 's more like a western european market/boutique/shop importing foods created for western european markets . 
  muller and some german retailers do that here . 
  packaging on food , hygiene and cleaning products is all in german , with a sticker on croatian covering some basics sometimes . 
   every neighbour except hungary it 's almost like we were in the same country only a bit shy from 30 years with every neighbour except hungary . 
  original circumstances under which it was signed were changed . 
  hence the grounds for quitting arbitration . 
  yeah , this is what i recall as well . 
  in any case , it appeared first in some private-owned media . 
  it 's their job to report on such stuff , especially when so juicy . 
  there 's no evidence of any goverments or secret services being involved in this . 
  i do n't know where people get this from . 
  do we even know if it was sold to the croatian government ? 
  as far as i know , it was just leaked in the private-owned media . 
  there 's no evidence of involvement from our government . 
  did you expect the court that was caught red-handed to say something else ? 
  yes , legally it 's the same as marriage , minus adoption . 
  there are workarounds for adoption tho . 
  op , do you have a feet fetish ? 
  purger denotes a zagrebian whose family was zagreb-born for a few generations ( usually 3 ) i.e. 
  no one moved to zagreb from somewhere else . 
  it comes from german `` burger '' which means citizen . 
  i do n't see how purger can be an insulting term when being a purger is , or used to be , a point of pride for citizens of zagreb . 
  it 's still in use today , especially if you 're buying eggs . 
  i 'd say japan and south korea . 
  some economic co-operation , but also lots of tourists coming from both countries , especially koreans coming to zagreb i 'd say . 
  they even started opening korean hostels . 
  i do n't know if you ever visited croatia , but if you did you probably visited the coast so i ca n't blame you for getting such an impression . 
  afterall , the coast was built on the remnants of roman empire and had a heavy italian influence . 
  so it is not wrong to say it 's mediterranean , even our tourist board markets the coast as such . 
  however , most croatians live inlands where there were heavy influences from austria and hungary . 
  for example , the language spoken in zagreb was a mix of german and croatian , and there 's still tons of german loanwords . 
  northern and southern croatia are pretty different , and that 's why there 's strong regionalism in croatia . 
  so , croatia would be both in southern and central europe , but when we take history and populations into account , it veers more to the central european side . 
  because when you meet a croatian , he probably wo n't be from the south . 
  statistically . 
   because there is no balkan culture maybe that 's what you think personally and that would be correct , but as i already told you before , the term itself is loaded and has all sorts of connotations . 
  one of those is treating those `` balkans '' as a singular entity ( and a singular culture ) with a weird semi-racist orientalistic shtick . 
  kaplan 's books with its blabbering about `` ancient hatreds between mystic mongoloids '' is a good example of such low-key racism . 
  that did n't help anyone , it only confuses the matter even more . 
  which is why i said i avoid the term `` balkans '' in general , and not just when arguing about border cases . 
  you said it 's geographically correct , not me . 
  geographically , it does n't exist . 
  the peninsula that is , it just does n't meet the ** geographical criteria ** . 
  for something to be a peninsula its sea catheti ( the catheti stretching along the coast ) should be longer than the inland cathethus . 
  ideally , you 'd get something like an isosceles triangle . 
  trieste - odessa line is 1330 km long , which is longer than both sea catheti ( odessa -- rt matapan is 1230 km and trieste - rt matapan is 1270 km ) , so it just does n't fit the geographical description . 
  on the other hand , trieste - szczecin line is 920 km and trieste - rostock is 950 km , yet you do n't see anyone talking about `` alpine '' or `` ural '' peninsula . 
  now with geography out of the way , the word itself is loaded and best avoided . 
  there 's just so much wrong with it , an essay could be written . 
  and probably should be to explain it in proper detail . 
  even if you want to talk about countries who are `` fully-balkan '' and not border cases , i would n't use the term `` balkan '' but * south-eastern europe * . 
  i think it 's macedonian . 
  it 's from latin : ad kalendas graecas . 
  we have a word-for-word translation as well . 
  \u0160panska ves - spanish village ( something foreign and not understandable ), 
  yeah , those damned tourists !, 
  damned be !, 
  concerning the topic in question , i 've never heard croatian media referring to middle-easterners as asian . 
  asian is usually reserved for east-asian people . 
  that 's because it is . 
  it goes with assumption that european media is calling middle-easterners ` asian ' . 
  whether you say `` yes '' or `` no '' , you confirm his assumption anyways , and thus european media is calling middle-easterners ` asian ' . 
  more famous and obvious example is ` have you stopped beating your wife ? ' . 
  if you try to be laconic , you 'll confirm that you were at very least beating your wife at some point in time . 
  i 'll just add a bit here . 
  i feel calling kajkavian , \u010cakavian and \u0160tokavian dialects is a bit wrong , since they consist of many dialects .
