  some people still have prejudices towards other eastern europeans ( we were more developed than them back then , now it 's a bit different if we compare with ce ( former ee :p ) countries . 
   you think hdz is mainly the culprit for keeping croatia out or is sdp the same nonsense ? 
  i would n't point fingers , i think every government for the past 20 years shares some of the blame . 
  but in this particular government , the mvep is so occupied with ex-yugo ( not counting slovenia ) , that it seems like nothing else exists . 
  vesna pusi\u0107 , the minister in charge of foreign relations , mentions `` regija '' non-stop , it 's tiresome really . 
  add to this that she 's fairly incompetent ( she had huge gaffes as well ) and you ca n't really expect much to happen in any way . 
  croatia in the eu is basically non-existant . 
  though elections are coming soon , so i wonder if anyone will mention v4 , but i doubt it . 
  damnit , it 's a wall of text again . 
  :( it 's less cohesive , but whatever . 
  [ i just wanted to add a barometer of general public ] ( http://barometar.pilar.hr/rezultati-2015/2015-07-01-12-32-50/regionalne-preferencije.html ) ( n = 1000 ) . 
  if you check what neighbour regions should croatia cooperate the most , almost 55 % opted out for central europe , which is kinda surprising given its lack of exposure in media . 
  but the 20 % who do n't know are also a force to be aware of . 
   what ? 
  i mean would n't croatia benefit from being part of the group ? 
  of course it would , and it would have profited a lot more if it had joined sooner . 
   seems to me the entities running croatia seem to not care much about its future . 
  so it seems to me . 
  unfortunately , it looks there is no vision of the croatian future , it 's all consumed by short-sightedness . 
  current goverments back-pedaling from the decisions of the past , the future from the current and so on . 
  little to no political will to do something , it 's all mostly left to inertion . 
  the only thing they agreed upon is eu and nato . 
  just recently there was a map of high-speed railways , and i could n't help but think that there could have been one connecting rijeka and budapest , because rijeka used to be an extremely important port to hungary , because of transport . 
  but there is none . 
  instead , rijeka is in decline , overshadowed by other competitors ( such as koper in slovenia ) who took over the initiative . 
  like i said , while you can find works [ like this ( in polish ) ] ( http://www.iesw.lublin.pl/rocznik/pliki/rocznik_2013-198.pdf ) about croatia and v4 , there 's almost nothing about it in croatia . 
  it 's changing a bit , like i stated , but i am very sceptical going by the past experiences . 
  croatia unfortunately has n't attempted to join . 
  however ... 
  i heard that croatia was invited as well during its inception , but they croatia refused . 
  now , i heard it a few times and read in an article , but i ca n't find it now , and i do n't really have any other sources as of now so it 's a bit of hearsay . 
  there were nods from other members since then , but it seems croatia unfortunately is n't really interested . 
  i blame the foreign relations ministry primarily , it 's probably just incompetence . 
  for example , [ hungarian minister of foreign affairs suggested that croatia and slovenia ] ( http://www.index.hr/vijesti/clanak/hoce-li-i-hrvatska-i-slovenija-uskoro-postati-dio-visegradske-skupine/767378.aspx ) should be taken into consideration as v members . 
  not much has happened , but the president is constantly going on about baltic-adriatic energy corridor with the planned lng terminal , which gains more and more significance considering the current state of affairs with russia . 
  some hope it could lead to a tighter cooperation between v4 and croatia . 
  there were also some discussions about v4 and croatian identities , most notably central european and mediterranean . 
  it has been more in the spotlight in the last year or so , but there 's not much to talk about . 
  it 's kinda late ( so writting longer posts in english is bit of a pain ) but i hope i was clear enough . 
  if something is unclear , shoot . 
   but a multi nation alliance perhaps ? 
  visegrad group might be what you 're looking for . 
  could it be linked with the recent demonstrations or it 's `` just '' arson ? 
  your question :  and in what parallel universe do iberia and ** italy ** have more cultural ties with the balkans than with their closer neighbors ? 
  the answer :  dalmatia and southern croatia was connected with italy and had significant italian minoritiy through most of history ( spanning few centuries ) . 
  the influence is there . 
  what specific examples would you like ? 
  italy borders croatia and slovenia , fyi . 
   so maybe you should work on your reading comprehension as well . 
  nah , it 's just fine . 
  i 'm not the one going in circles with questions . 
  we 're [ trying ] ( http://www.mlinar.hr/ ) ;( ( a baker though ), 
  then do read the previous answers , and work on your reading comprehension . 
  i 'll help you :  dalmatia and southern croatia was connected with italy and had significant italian minoritiy through most of history ( spanning few centuries ) . 
  the influence is there . 
  what specific examples would you like ? 
   you seem very knowledgeable about what i know or do n't know . 
  you showed yourself what you know . 
  not much . 
   croatia in the balkans as a whole is a minority , and you know that . 
  but i do n't care about balkans , i care about croatia . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that if you 're going to treat balkans as a whole , than you should exclude croatia . 
  southern croatia ( dalmatia and co. ) was heavily influenced by italy and can be rightfully placed in southern europe . 
  northern coast was influenced too , but it was more under the austrian fist so you have somewhat classic central europe architecture ( opatija , rijeka ) . 
   that 's the prejudice prejudice of the uninformed maybe a.k.a. 
  people who never heard of croatia . 
  tourists who come to croatian coast would mostly place it in southern . 
   first , read my comment again . 
  i said we do n't have more cultural ties with the balkans than with our close neighbors . 
  you mentioned italy which is a close neighbour to croatia ( by sea ) . 
  read your comment again . 
   second , i 'm quite comfortable with my country 's history . 
  i do n't care about how comfortable you are with your country 's history , the point is you know little to nothing about anything else , yet you seem very outspoken . 
   thirdly , instead of being condescending you can try to provide some examples . 
  dalmatia and southern croatia was connected with italy and had significant italian minoritiy through most of history ( spanning few centuries ) . 
  the influence is there . 
  what specific examples would you like ? 
  take a history book or something , it will serve you well . 
   and they do n't speak a romance language and that 's relevant because ? 
  croatia has more in common with italy than balkans , yet you treat balkans as a same entity , so what . 
  if you 're gon na treat balkans as a single entity and throw croatia in , than you need to acknowledge its traits too . 
   in a map of prejudice like this , everyone here would put you in eastern europe . 
  sorry but you were n't talking about prejudice , but that we have more in common with eastern ones and that we 've * always * been eastern europe , which is a no-no . 
  planet earth . 
   he balkans culturally have 0 in common with the rest of southern european countries if you include croatia in balkans , than you ca n't be more wrong . 
  inform yourself better . 
   they have much more in common with the eastern ones , plus historically they 've always been eastern europe yeah , no, 
  you do n't need to guess , check it yourself and read up on it . 
  1991 , with the dissolution of soviet union . 
  i bet you adore it as much as i adore that typical southern european architecture in northern croatia !, 
  but you were not inb4 croatia is in central europe ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  too much of cheap vodka ... 
  but if you not , you will little srbia ( or little gr\u010dka ), 
  just have a look on the [ map ] ( https://www.google.hr/maps/@47.1258967,17.3424291,8z ) . 
  it is more to the west . 
  hey , never mind that . 
  i once read that zagreb is a beautiful mediterranean city . 
  the worst thing is the person who wrote it is probably living in zagreb and it was an ad for an expo . 
  does n't cut it . 
  well , one would argue that austria is eastern european too if czechia and slovenia are .
