  i 'm discussing my homecountry , not serbia . 
  there 's a certain difference between croatia and serbia , as far as tolerance is considered , for example : gays ( not that it 's perfect in croatia ) . 
   that 's the part i 'm trying to figure out where comes from . 
  it does not exist everywhere at all . 
  not even fucking close . 
  you 're denying there are hooligans ? 
  you left that part out . 
  i 'm going to mention  i ca n't imagine how you can hate civilians of any country to such a degree which is why i 'm trying to understand where the crazies get it from . 
  i think history gave us bunch of examples like that . 
  war can be a great excuse for a saddist/psychopath . 
   why is it such a big deal when a serbian boy and a croatian girl are kissing ? 
  oh , and why was the croatian girl asked by an old woman how she dared walking next to a serbian boy ? 
  i guess you 're thinking of [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/19wsy5/when_an_old_lady_asked_croatian_girl_how_she/ ) . 
  first , please , take notice this is n't croatia you 're talking about , but bosnia , where it can be rather tense because you have 3 nations crammed into mini-yugoslavia , and we know how both of yugoslavias ended . 
  second , it 's just a picture , there are no news . 
  third , why is it upvoted ? 
  because of circlejerking . 
  most of foreigners think there 's an unimaginable hatred between croats and serbs ( for example , bob dylan compared croats and serbs to nazis and jews , which is just horrible , especially since he 's a public person ) . 
  when they see it , they 're probably thinking it 's a first , wow such progress , etc. 
  and it makes for a nice clickbait . 
   i 'm trying to figure out where the crazies are coming from . . where that hatred comes from . 
  why are you focusing on crazies ? 
  this hatred among them is a lot like you can find between many other countries and races . 
   why does n't anyone even care about my brother dating a swedish girl ? 
  there 's plently of serbian-croatian couples that do n't make the news ( or they do if they 're celebrities , which is kinda expected ) , you 're just using a circlejerk picture as an evidence that such things are so rare and frowned-upon in croatia ( while the picture was n't even taken in croatia ) . 
  heck , one of the first civil unions in croatia was that between a croatian and a serbian , but i did n't see that making waves . 
  why ? 
  because it 's not that important . 
  which again brings me to ...  i do n't have a view . 
  c'mon , you have some view . 
  you obviously formed some opinions of croatia based on a picture from reddit and few news stories covering incidents because it gets them clicks . 
   well , i replied to a comment in regards to why bosnia and croatia are two different countries while slavonia and dalmacia are n't . 
  because of historical reasons . 
  when you look at the maps of former empires , you 'll notice that borders between bosnia and croatia were almost the same , they were borders of austrian and ottoman empires . 
   so why religion ? 
  well , let 's be honest . . a lot of seemingly insane views of other people have been caused by religion . 
  so i guess i 'm just trying to figure out if that 's where it comes from down there . 
  i mean , religion caused the killings of `` witches '' , gays , women ( doing anything wrong . 
  ) , other religious groups etc. 
  so religion is not the point here . 
  while religion had some part in formation of some nations ( primarily serbs and bosniaks/muslims , to some extent croatians ) , the problems were more of cultural/national/historical rather than religious . 
  croatians were never very exclusive religion-wise , as you also had protestant , orthodox , etc. 
  heck , one of the orthodox was a famous writer during the national spring . 
  furthermore , even croatian nazis considered muslims to be croats and they did n't persecute them per se . 
  for example , they turned one of the galleries in zagreb in a [ mosque ] ( http://media.news.harvard.edu/gazette/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/11-zagreb2-450.jpg ) . 
  those nazis also organised croatian orthodox church . 
  looking at the religion as a source of all problems is a lazy and ignorant view , but the simplest of them - which is why so many people are prone to it . 
   i suppose it might explain some of the tensions down there if everyone was like 110 % serious about their religions and believed every word of their holy books . . what year is it ? 
   to me it simply does n't make sense to think that someone living 10 miles away ( across a border ) is so different i left out the second part because it 's a stereotypical nonsense . 
  the thing is because of cultural influence . 
  bosnia and herzovina/serbia were dominated by ottomans and it shows , whereas the croatians coast was always under the italian influence . 
  northern croatia ( northwest particulary ) was under heavy austrian influence . 
  so , this is from where a lot of cultural ( and linguistical if you 'd be looking into the dialects ) differences emerge . 
  to be perfectly honest , a northern croatian is more likely to get beat in southern croatia than a serbian or some other nationality . 
  just a few days ago there were some news of players getting beaten . 
  so , all these rambles about serbians/whateverelses fearing for their lives because they 're so special is nonsense , since croatians may get the very same treatment . 
  why ? 
  because assholes . 
  you got plently of them as well . 
   why do croatians care if someone 's wearing a serbian tourist t-shirt in croatia for example ? 
  they rather do n't , they got other things on their mind to worry about rather than who 's wearing what . 
   we do n't beat up people wearing german , english , swedish or whatever football jerseys here for example . . we do n't do it either , other than hooligans , but they are more of an international problem ( see dutch hooligans destroying italian works of art , etc. ), 
  and it 's no worse than in other european countries . 
  and these hooligans wo n't beat just the foreigners , but anyone else who 's not of their liking . 
  your viewpoint is very distorted . 
  i know , but slovenia was n't accepted into yugoslavia just to end ww like you said it , and this is what i considered to be plain wrong . 
  it goes for both wwi and wwii , i did n't speak about milosevic 's stance on it . 
  what do you mean by religious ? 
  there 's a great deal of croatians declaring themselves of some religion , but they do n't care about it nor do they practice it aside from some going to church on sundays . 
  slovenia did that ? 
  i thought it was yugoslavia . 
  i assumed you were speaking of second yugoslavia , since you mentioned milosevic . 
  figures when you take into account that some parts of vojvodina were under croatia ( and hungary/austria-hungary ) until 1918 , while most of vojvodina was hungarian . 
  this is why you wo n't really find croats outside of vojvodina . 
  however , that was n't the case with slovenia . 
  the comparison is a non-sense . 
  with slovenia 's position there was n't , just as i noted . 
  i do n't see the point of your reply to me , aside from learning how much serbs wanted slovenia out of yugoslavia ( which is funny considering how many of them are in slovenia ) . 
   the only reason why we accepted slovenia into yugoslavia was to end the world war this is just plain wrong . 
  nah , they 'd stretch the battlefield too much and would n't be able to manage it , that 's why you only had a ten day war . 
  ditching slovenia allowed serbia to focus more on croatia and bosnia . 
  if there were n't croatia in between ( you 're neighbours to serbia or at least closer ) , the story would have gone a lot , lot differently . 
  lol , `` opan\u010dari '' can be used in croatia as an insult for serbs . 
  it comes from `` opanci '' . 
  pls , you 're not a croat ( ian ) if you 're happy about your country . 
  haha , [ this is what i get ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tuyinjk.jpg ) for austria ( google.com ) . 
  interesting , i checked some on google.com and it differs . 
  edit : i should correct myself . 
  i click on google.com , but it switches to google.hr, 
  which search was it ? 
  dutch or ? 
  it 's interesting because pickpocketing is far more frequent in czech republic ( or hungary for that matter ) than croatia . 
  literally everyone who i know ( and who were in czech r. ) had some problems with pickpocketing in czech republic , ca n't say that for croatia . 
  whynotboth ? . jpg, 
  what about regular croatian weeaboos ? 
  you do n't think they like some checker on the side ? 
   on september 20th , 2008 in hotel belnatio in tokamachi , the place where the world cup 2002 croatian national football team was based , the birthday surprise dinner was organized for the ambassador of croatia dr. drago \u0160tambuk by tokamachi mayor and local government . 
   croatian ambassador was for the third time present at the croatia cup held in the memory of the croatian football team 's presence to open officially this traditional tournament and also to hand the cups to the winners in six categories . 
  the tournament is taking place on croatia pitch , each september since 2003 . 
  in the future the croatian house is planned to be built at this same pitch .
