  i actually went ahead and [ checked ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montenegro#/media/file:montenegro_territory_expanded_%281830-1944%29.png ) , because i remember there was mention of montenegro when france annexed dubrovnik republic , but it seems we never [ bordered you ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a4/dubrovacka_republika.png ) . 
  not until we anschlussed back venice at least !, 
  venice is kebab ? 
  :o you bordered dubrovnik republic afaik , when you were not turkey . 
  nah , croats are the real serbs , serbs today are just turks in denial , 
  indeed , that 's how it translates to english . 
  is there any chance of doing a new survey ? 
  r/europe grew quite a bit, 
   yes , there were countries that were more developed than yugoslavia , that is precisely why i said `` one of '' and not `` the most '' . 
  please do n't twist my words . 
  i did n't twist your words . 
  you yourself put yugoslavia in the group of the most developed european countries , and then i mentioned a few just to show it how nonsensical it is . 
  yugoslavia was somewhere [ in between the rest of the eastern europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia#/media/file:eastern_bloc_economies_gdp_1990.jpg ) throughout its existence it was constantly outperfomed by czechoslovakia and hungary , and also by poland and bulgaria for the most part . 
  and then you say yugoslavia was one of the most developed countries in europe after wwii ? 
  seriously ? 
  most of your posts are nostalgic , they do n't really have a leg to stand on in reality . 
  but , the non-alligned movement was a good idea in its time , so that 's something at least . 
  just check all the other countries of those times who were in europe : western germany , switzerland ( they did n't even participate in wwii ) , belgium , france , etc. 
  to claim what you claimed about yugoslavia is nonsense . 
   yugoslavia was one of the safest and most developed countries in europe after wwii . 
  the post itself is quite delusional , but this just tops everything else by a large margin . 
  white croats from around krakow in the beginning of the 20th century is quite interesting . 
  meh , check their sites . 
  it 's pretty much a joint effort by the people , their politicians and their media . 
  i do n't really share the rest of your sentiment . 
  the biggest problem is they 're constantly putting spokes in our wheels , i ca n't think of a single instance where they were helpful and not trying to blackmail us with something ( nato/eu/schengen accession ) instead of trying to work it out in the international courts . 
  but i 'd say it 's a tie between them and serbia . 
  that 's a mistake on their part , and unrelated to croatia . 
  because he 's from croatia ? 
  what 's the deal ? 
  no problem . 
  honestly , foreign media often leaves me scratching my head when they write about croatia , and it does n't even need to be politics . 
  but just to add a bit , [ this ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/migrant-issues-take-center-stage-in-croatia-parliamentary-election/a-18834770 ) is one example that missed the point so hard i could n't believe what i was reading . 
  no one did say a word about migrants in their campaigns , but dw somehow turned it into center stage of croatian politics . 
  i was just puzzled . 
  and stuff like this happens with most mainstream medias . 
  nothing ? 
  i just presumed he was extrapolating his experience in bulgaria to everyone . 
   so yeah we agree , they 're similar but have a different ultimate goal depending where they 're from . 
  perception though is different and some have a lot of supporters while others are marginalised . 
  ustashe are marginalized , and a thing of past . 
  there 's no ustashe movement and there 's no public figure or politician who dares to publically say something in their ( ustashe ) support . 
  if sometimes a private picture leaks with some public figure in a sketchy situation ( say they wore a hat with ustashe insignia , again not in public ) , they are torn a new one by the media and they definitely wo n't be let off the hook . 
  so the english media usually just picks up on something controversial ( and clickbaitable ) and they never report on the backlash , but never . 
   interesting link , it confirms that what i saw in the documentary i was talking about initially is bullshit and ustashe supporters are not the norm or tolerated . 
  it 's what the other people in the thread tried to tell you . 
  ustashe supporters are like neo-nazis in the rest of europe , they are an abberation from the society and , what is more , usually just tied to petty football hooliganism . 
  sometimes it 's also just teen edginess . 
  again , there 's no party in croatia with tenets of ustashe idealogy and even those far-right parties like various versions of hsp try not to be too blunt with their symphaties for ndh and are generally just nationalistic , there 's no calls for ethnic cleansing or hate speech . 
  you wo n't see them publicly associating with ustashas . 
  and they are pretty marginal . 
  i get it , i get annoyed by it too - which is why i usually skip anything that has ` balkan ' in its title . 
  but there were far worse offenders on this thread who just came off as simple-minded and petty , this was just a misunderstanding . 
  ok , nhf but i think your reaction is a bit uncalled for . 
  i get that you may be frustrated with how things are being presented and people 's reaction , but i think / u/nico2845 tried to approach the topic in good faith , unlike some * memers * such as / u/23powerz , and just wanted some stuff clarified because he 's a bit puzzled as well . 
  he just said what he saw on a documentary , and that he 's a bit reserved about that . 
  he said it himself how annoying it can be when media gets something wrong about your country . 
   their equivalent but not the same , fascists movements vary a lot depending on the country they come from . 
  an example ? 
  they are all similar , that 's why they fall under the same umbrella , except maybe for their end goal ( `` masterplan '' so to speak , that 's different for each nation - but the means to achieve it and the nature of the goal is again similar across all fascist movements ) . 
   so for example wearing a t-shirt with an ustashe symbol will get you in trouble ? 
  yes , you could have trouble with locals , but with the police as well because it 's against the law . 
  for example , [ this guy ] ( http://www.24sata.hr/news/mladic-21-dobio-25-dana-uvjetno-zbog-ustaske-kape-69681 ) got parole and a fine for wearing a hat with ustashe insignia ( the pic ) . 
  ustashe are literally nazis/fascists ( they spawned from them , they had their stronghold/training camps in mussolini 's italy prior to wwii ) , so every fascist group in europe is their equivalent . 
  hehe , i wonder what articles he was reading . 
  could you imagine if he got his opinions from dnevno.hr ? 
  oh god . 
  there 's definitely no '' ** institutionalised ethnic and nationalistic hate shared by a majority of the nations ** '' ( as you put it yourself ) in croatia , i wo n't comment on the rest but i doubt your statement holds true for slovenia , bosnia , montenegro and serbia . 
  again , maybe that 's the case in bulgaria . 
  i dunno , i do n't really care . 
  yeah , no . 
  well maybe in bulgaria that 's the case , i dunno . 
  in croatia civil unions are like marriages in all but name and the right to adopt children ( which can be and is worked around ) . 
  so , there 's really no point in not just having same-sex marriage . 
  there some truth in people seeing germany as a possible destination to migrate to today , but there 's also quite a lot of historical background , at least in croatia 's case . 
  due to being in german sphere of influence , knowing german always came in handy and was actually mandatory . 
  you had to learn it in schools and for some time it was also the only official language in croatia , so people had to know it . 
  add migrations in habsburg monarchy to that and there you have it , it was always very wide-spread which is why there is huge number of german loanwords , especially in northern croatia . 
  basically , anyone who did n't want to be a peasant had to know german . 
  on the other hand , the southern coast was mostly being dominated by venetians ( until the fall of napoleon , when it became part of austrian empire ) , so there 's the historical background for italian and a decent amount of italian loanwords . 
  i chose both , but stuck just with german in the end . 
  italian seemed kind of redundant . 
  grammar in german is a huge pain in the neck , but the vocabulary is pretty easy , especially with all the loanwords we have . 
  i believe you about not needing to know anything but english , i just thought there might be more chances to brush up on spanish rather than french in everyday life ( depends on the location tho ) . 
  maybe you could move to quebec :p, 
  how about spanish ? 
  i suppose you could use it more . 
  most students study at least one extra foreign language besides english here , and i 'd say these stats are pretty accurate regarding croatia . 
  italian is a more common pick along the croatian coast ( and there 's the italian minority in istria ) , whereas german is a go-to choice for continental and northern croatia . 
  the percentages are also relatively similar to the populations in respective regions . 
  for us i believe it 's 3 am on 27th . 
  either it 's an early nap or just catch up in the morning . 
  the attitude is half the problem . 
  that 's a waste of pigs . 
  there 's american english and there 's british english . 
  one branched out of the other . 
  i thought the last one could be kajkavian , but the declination threw me off a little bit so i 'm not so sure . 
  but the first two are definitely chakavian . 
  beteg can be found in chakavian as well . 
  for example , petar zorani\u0107 speaks of * ljuveni beteg * in his novel * planine * .
