croatia can not into eastern europe ^ huehue, 
  and then france smacks them ? 
  cool , i could never get the hang of the difference , but i did n't claim there is none , in case someone misunderstood me . 
  these fascist are mostly mental cases , they do n't pose a serious threat , but they are still dealt with . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.vecernji.hr/media/cache/6c/9e/6c9e924755c41e2d8ba270645324cd96.jpg ) 's a lineup of their party 's `` army '' . 
  and as seen from the video it 's mostly the old folks . 
  am i wrong ? 
  because this is what i was told by a german linguist . 
  tbh , \u00df has been dying out anyways . 
  i do n't care what bosnians/serbs/slovenians use it for . 
  the point is there is no such a word in croatian , nor it was used in croatia . 
  but there would be no nazis then . 
  i know there is a street named after yamauchi , creator of gran turismo , in spain . 
  that 's pretty sweet . 
  lol , there were never ` civuts ' in croatian , like the intro implies . 
  such nonsense . 
  but they 're not in europe , at all . 
  they 're in the pacific . 
  it would help if today 's croatia was a legal successor to independent state of croatia , which is something they either do n't know or choose not to believe . 
  both of these cases are results of poor education/choice of sources . 
  this would be like jews suing [ france ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vichy_france ) for genocide . 
  inserbia.info reporting on this without bothering to mention this important piece of information ( among others ) shows it 's just a propaganda site focused on sensationalism . 
  look at their past articles . 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8 inserbia.info is like a parody site . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  what to say about a site that writes shit like [ this ] ( http://inserbia.info/today/2014/12/grandmaster-putin-russia-earns-20-bln-recovers-stocks-of-its-companies/ ) ? 
  as there currently is no corridor for western europe ( nor there is will to do it ) , it seems they 'll have to close . 
  that would work the best , source ? 
  a good part of northern bosnian border consists of [ sava river ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sava#/media/file:savarivermap.png ) . 
  the rest can be fenced , there are also big mountain ranges . 
  also , migrants going through bosnia ( one more country on their route ) would probably buy croatia some extra time to prepare . 
  they should be able to , especially if they get the army on the job . 
  do n't know about the fences , but it seems the one on croatian-hungarian border is progressing fast . 
  apparently , jutarnji list spoke to a few members of the croatian goverment . 
  they confirmed that the government is really ready to completely seal ( hermeti\u010dki zatvoriti ) our borders if serbia continues to ship the migrants exclusively to croatian borders . 
  this is the first time that officials of the croatian government mentioned the possibility of completely sealing the borders , even if it was unofficial . 
  [ in other news , around 70 000 migrants entered croatia , more than 17 000 in the last two days . 
  ] ( http://www.mup.hr/219671.aspx ), 
  slavic , romance and germanic languages are a part of the larger indo-european language group . 
  hungarian is part of finno-ugric group which is not indo-european . 
  bok !, 
  fucking croatian is an action , not a language . 
  did n't they already start building a fence there ? 
  i do n't know if it 's different from school to school , but we could have taken more than just one more optional language in fourth grade . 
  lmao , they were thinking of hungary . 
  no one really cared about serbia until vulin started slinging shit , the croatian goverment was most critical of hungary and the fence . 
  by `` christian '' they were hinting at orban 's `` christian europe '' and similar talks . 
   were n't croatians doing the same towards hungary ? 
  no , the migrants were sent to official border checkpoints . 
   what are they supposed to do , keep them in against their will while the eu is trying hard not to come up with some workable solution ? 
  the croatian government just wanted them not to send ** all ** the migrants to croatia , especially since hungary opened their border . 
   you 're making it sound like serbia is `` dumping refugees on croatia '' . 
  they 've been going where they want to go for a while now , and serbia has no obligation or interest whatsoever in redirecting them against their will . 
  because it 's exactly what 's happening . 
  they 're being transported by buses and not even to border checkpoints , but to cornfields and other non-guarded borders . 
   we deliver them all to croatia ? 
  you do now , which is the point . 
  50k in a few days is not a small number . 
   croatia is breaking the chain , it should dump them further the line . 
  it sounds strange , but it 's the only way . 
  is n't hungary breaking the chain ? 
  the thing is , we ca n't dump them further the line if no one wants to take them and we do n't have the resources to keep them all . 
   they went to croatia only after hungary is closed but it 's opened now , which is exactly why the croatian government told you not to dump all the migrants on croatia and closed the bajakovo crossing . 
  their wishes might not comply with reality . 
  besides , they all still need to be taken care of before they get passed on . 
  most ? 
   \u017divi zid iz a meme party [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2mctqirnii )  most is interesting and i hope they get some support in the upcoming 4 years . 
  this is what i 'm getting at . 
  it seems petrov is handling metkovi\u0107i really well . 
   hmm , so why do you think we could handle them if you ca n't ? 
  if you ca n't handle them , handle your borders and do n't dump off all the refugees on croatia . 
  populations : croatia - 4,2 mil . 
  hungary - 10 mil . 
  serbia - 7,2 mil . 
  romania - 20 mil . 
  yet you deliver all of them to croatia . 
  it 's a simple matter of capacity . 
  around 50 000 migrants already entered croatia . 
  there 's plenty of other alternatives , we just need to get rid off that 2-party mindset . 
  dunno , but they criticised milanovi\u0107 for his actions . 
  no , not really . 
  it was closed on 20/21 ( midnight ) september 2015 . 
  the article is from 22 september 2015 . 
  so around a day . 
  the point is they let them pass . 
  they are truly in a rough spot ;(, 
  translation : croatia opened the bajakovo checkpoint to allow the lorries carrying short shelf-life goods to pass , after which the drivers blocked the very same checkpoint . 
  the liberland said they 'd take the refugees if each of the refugees they take pays them 10 000 dollars . 
  could work , but i think there would be success with less drastic measures , if only they went for them . 
  the serbian government is n't really helping either , vulin started stirring shit up with his statements , and then they are dropping off all the refugees on croatia , something we ca n't deal with on such a scale . 
  i meant sealing and securing the borders and picking the refugees who are in dire need . 
  the rest can stay in serbia . 
  hey , they 'd probably pass . 
  i doubt he 'll reach the levels of mr `` we 'll kill 100 muslims for every serb '' . 
  we could have simply closed the borders , and then cherrypicked the refugees ( in numbers we can deal with ) . 
  meh , i do n't think karamarko will manage to top that . 
  not really . 
  all of croatia was never under ottoman empire , it 's similar to hungary . 
   are they predominantly going to or coming from serbia ? 
  lmao , of course they are exclusively coming from serbia , and they 're shipping them off only to croatia in large numbers ( even though hungary opened the border checkpoint at horgos ) , which is overwhelming and though to deal with .
