we beat spain woohoo . 
  high fives everyone , except the guys drinking sagres, 
  how did you draw that conclusion about the euro , when it 's just a few euro countries that had to ask for financial aid ( from other european countries ) ? 
  not all european countries are fumbling to pay their debts . 
  some are actually worth the huge amounts they owe * cof * italy * cof * and some did n't really tighten their belt . 
  yes we must investigate . 
  in portugal its called espanholada . 
  completely agree . 
  but france has influenced portugal for centuries in literature and science , more then britain - which is counter intuitive considering trade agreements , and alliances . 
  there 's not much cultural exchange between spain and portugal , but both languages allow for basic communication with each other . 
  though some words do n't match and have different meanings in each language , leading to misunderstandings . 
  names of animals and food are the worse . 
  in the last elections they wanted to extinguish the agricultural ministry . 
  - though later that ministry was given symbolically to a coalition politician , a pr stunt really . 
  agriculture by itself ( as a professional activity ) is not all that relevant in portugal . 
  no it 's perfectly understandable . 
  it actually works , i can read it , but it looks like galego ( galicia , region of spain ) , they love their xs . 
  did n't realise all the great european rivers could have joined into one in this time period . 
  it might have been one of the widest in the world . 
   portuguese are economic immigrants and op does n't like that you 're not getting it . 
  the portuguese can , as any european migrate within the eu for a job - because they 're a part of it , and it 's what it 's for ( the european economic union ) the migrants in question are not legal in any way , because they 're not a part of it . 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
  you sleep with your wife right ? 
  then i can too ...  i highly doubt that they have in-depth understanding of different european wealth fare systems . 
  no , i expect a superficial understanding gotten through an internet search , which is enough . 
  those portuguese are eu citizens , we can move within eu borders and be identified and be held accountable for our actions . 
  these refugees are blank slate , they could be escaped convicts for all we know . 
  my theory is they 're looking for a state that has a welfare system . 
  prove me wrong . 
  and why would n't they , i 'm sure it 'll be a factor in citizenship shopping . 
  it 's people who want to see black and white . 
  i 'm not racist and since seeing a video of an isis flag waving from a moving car in sweden , that i 've had my second thoughts on immigration . 
  yeah , i 've described it as the west coast of spain . 
  not my proudest moment . 
  at least we 're the best coast ... the mediterranean gets terribly hot . 
  yeh ? 
  but you have to speak that language every day . 
  that 's revenge enough for me . 
  my guess is , balance checks . 
  one administrates the budget , the other one is there for the photo ops and dissolving parliament . 
  portugal is like that too . 
  is that what kids are doing these days ? 
  he had control because he was subversive through violence , torturing a few dissidents , and jailing/executing them . 
  now there 's too many armed factions to resist him . 
  he 'll never control the country again , even if he had full international support . 
  that is not a solution , because he 'd be even more cruel then daesh on civil populations . 
  our pm died in a plane crash back in 1980 , in a small town with the name of camarate . 
  at the time there were many political factions willing to take radical action , the cold war was in effect , and portugal could have slipped back into a dictatorship , or become a soviet state . 
  some say it was simply an accident . 
  by jupiter i 've never ... it was the middle east hipsters . 
  they 're wrapping religion around science , pretty much making their own religion , and having to ignore key elements in scripture such as genesis - which really ca n't be dismissed as solely being a metaphor , since it 's the justification for the whole `` born with guilt of the original sin '' concept , and the crucifixion of jesus . 
  they 're not being honest not to science or religion . 
  well , you wait . 
  the context is important , if it 's a business meeting you 're allowed to be 5 minutes late , but more then 15 will require an apology - unless the person missing is the most important one , he 's allowed to be half an hour late - since he is so important . 
  if it 's friends meeting , then the sky is the limit , as long as you 're communicating you 're going to be late , it can be an hour or two later . 
  we 're also relaxed about when it should end , it 's common to work late , and again with friends you can be up until 4am or 6am . 
  on a side note , portugal has more work hours per year , then countries in the north ( over 10 thousand hours ) . 
  the carbon in oil is also a gift from dead stars . 
  it 's a waste of time . 
  if people want to do it , sure , who am i. . . but it 's a waste of time . 
  not really . 
  i 've seen a teen genuinely threaten to beat his mother . 
  these eastern gypsies do n't have the same code as western gypsies . 
  those do n't allow men to beat women , or the other way around . 
  dude , just accept it , english is the standard . 
  do n't make it easy to the people who want to live in a linguistic/cultural bubble and wo n't make an effort . 
  and yet i 'm sure there are many second and third generation hell 's angels and kkk . 
  like it was being said , it 's cultural . 
  it 's their social/family circle . 
  oh man , a 15 year old athlete now paralysed . 
  that kid is going to hold a grudge at life it self . 
  plus an awesome song . 
  not with that song , no . 
  the annoying electronic sounds killed it . 
  oh man they are annoying , what were they thinking . 
  you guys like metal , we get it . 
  did you at least get a chance to watch it ? 
  was it broadcast there ? 
  they could have won , it was good . 
  she had an awesome shout . 
  i\u00e9 i\u00e9\u00e9 \u00f3 loved it . 
  i actually enjoyed their song . 
  can anyone read it and explain ? 
  why does it start with a year ? 
  [ partido unido dos reformados e pensionistas ] ( http://www.publico.pt/politica/noticia/partido-unido-dos-reformados-e-pensionistas-quer-concorrer-as-proximas-eleicoes-1691650 ), 
  in my country the elderly outnumber the youth . 
  their vote is more important , which is why this year there 'll be a new party solely to care take for pensioners . 
  while no other party aims to represent the young adults . 
  am i supposed to be afraid ? 
  because there are isis sympathizers recruiters and sleeper cells here ... except these are the guys that have given up fighting . 
  they 're so tiny i would not have guessed they were eu flags . 
  coincidently they 're the exact same size on the us flag . 
  but all is now in it 's proportion . 
  i was going to say that . 
  most are retired and just want a few last years under the sun . 
  living in a tourist destination , with an aged population , all i have to say to brits is - more of the same does n't make a difference , you 're welcome here . 
  but truth be told that migrant workers add to the economy . 
  the `` selvagens '' ? 
  we do n't need international recognition . 
  they 've been state property for a century .
