  or you know you could sort out your funding for nato first . 
  he was the foremost advocate of project fear , he came up with a budget prior to the referendum that suggested massive cuts and tax hikes etc etc if we voted to leave and just about everyone including mps friendly to him discounted it as a load of nonsense . 
  will have to agree with my scottish colleague here she 's at the forefront of these policies . 
  his ruined it himself by a series of bad policies and general discontent he fed to the public . 
  it would at least give her a mandate and we could hear what her proposals for brexit would be . 
  it 's ageist to since they 've been around for so long . 
  and it did n't work out well for brown , they should of had an election then to . 
  right this is a joke , we need an election now , you ca n't just drop a new pm on us like teresa may who did n't even support leave and has performed poorly in the past on the areas on what the country wants dealt with . 
  worst team to ever win it . 
  that means without the uk the biggest spender on defence as a % of gdp for the eu is greece , then estonia . . amazing . 
  i agree with this article . 
  you see , i made a perfectly reasonable assertion about what the uk wanted to do , but i got downvoted , you actually agreed but got up voted for it , it 's like it 's mirroring the uk 's time in europe , suggest something get downvoted , have some other suggest the same thing get praised . 
  are you really that cynical to think the uk never wanted to do what was best for the entire eu and just for itself ? 
  yeah , but when ever someone says it they get down voted by people who deny the uk ever had a good point or good reforms in mind , everything we did and said was only ever to cause problems . 
  it 's ok they can help pay for the italian bank problems . 
  gordon brown was on top of things during the euro crisis . 
  i 'm sorry but it 's not blame it 's a fact , the uk wanted to reform europe , eu stuck two fingers up at it , did n't believe we 'd leave , now it 's happened . 
  it seriously feels like the eu leaders took everything for granted , felt they had complete control and what they said went , well it may not be the best for the uk but if you think the uk will back down from hardship , then you obviously do n't know the uk . 
  the more you start accusing us of acting like a rebellious teen , or call us racists , or demonise us , or threaten us for going against the eu 's wishes the more people will stick two fingers up to the eu . 
  `` concession '' i think that 's the problem , we went into it wanting reform , but came out of it with more concessions . 
  i guess you just pick it up if you spend long enough on the internet when most of the english used has americanism . 
  if we 'd of come back from renegotiations with something substantial , something consequential rather than simply the altering of timing on benefits and changing of wording in regards to ever closer union , we would n't be here right now . 
  the eu chose to play hard ball and it hit them in the face . 
  apparently it 's just a `` pop up '' paper and will only have 4 editions . 
  wow that 's so weird . 
  hmm well farage was only an mep he actually has no responsibility for the future brexit talks and he 's only resigning as leader of his party afaik because people have wanted change for a while . 
  by giving into the offers from elsewhere they are creating a self fulfilling prophecy, 
  it can provide them good opportunities though , to say otherwise is factually incorrect . 
  people who leave the country for citizenship elsewhere pretty much are . 
  the more i hear about about people wanting to leave and the more i hear about other countries wanting what we have the more i picture traitors and hyenas . 
  more proof that the eu is totally democratic ... / s, 
  she 's the worst of the lot if she 's in power the negotiations will not go well for us , she wo n't let us have a general election and she 'll cripple the people in society who need help the most . 
  english is better ? 
  what ? 
  if anything during the campaign the bbc was more pro remain already , every question time had leavers on the defensive because the chair was pro remain and the majority of the panel was pro remain with the odd ukip or tory for leave . 
  did n't stop them publishing when gordon brown was caught calling a woman bigoted during an election campaign . 
  only problem is osborne has never met it and ignored it himself . 
  this treaty is not under the eu , it 's a bi-lateral agreement between the uk and france . 
  if only we had a large body of water to block the way . 
  he really really sucked though , the whole show sucked tbh even joey could n't rescue it , top gear 's popularity was built on the three musketeers it 'll never return to what it once was . 
  if you 've read the article it 's not that simple . 
  if it goes through parliament and the parties want to play hardball i can see the snp , most of labour , half of tories voting against it . 
  and the pm will have to resign again . 
  `` it started when the uk left europe , then as china expanded it 's influence australia and new zealand called for aid and the uk came and so begun the first steps towards the formation of the second british empire , later after trump became president , he begins to make threats and makes a move to annex part of canada , canada looks to the commonwealth and joins a coalition to stop the encroaching grip of trumps iron fist ... '', 
  this was n't just said in the telegraph the financial times also had a similar article . 
  yes but you can find the complete article copied and pasted near the start of this thread . 
  if you move to another country that gives greater unemployment benefits perhaps ? 
  i 'm going to write a book called the second british empire and sell it as a horror story to the eu . 
  yeah , especially with the living wage about to be adopted . 
  # 73.10 a week paid every two weeks as far as the jsa website states for over 25s, 
  to be fair a lot of our social security policies are higher than what the eu offers even with the cuts . 
  additional a video of a german remain protester getting a little hot under the collar . 
  scotland also charges english students to study there whilst the rest of the eu get it for free . 
  she does n't run anywhere south of scotland she ca n't get enough mps plus she hates everything not scotland . 
  makes myself loathing of england greater tho . 
  one of these days he 's going to go to far and get his fingers burnt . 
  but do n't host countries lose out on money rather than gain ? 
  it 's not wide spread , there 's just the parasites coming out of the wood work after the referendum result , the government is already pursuing harsher punishments . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-17256975 they sold them missiles prior to the war but also left a french technical team stay in argentina during the war to fix the exocet missile launchers and they use french super etendard 's to fire them . 
  there was a good article on reurope which said there 's very little reason for businesses to move as london is a world wide centre of commerce not just european focused and if the eu tried to force through instruments where london could not deal with euros it would have more dire consequences for the eu 's financial position world wide . 
  parliament has n't even voted on it yet . 
  i love finland and all our scandinavian brothers i personally think we have more in common with them than the more main land european countries . 
  i mean just look at our flags , we have crosses , the main land european countries have three segments . 
  which reminds me , what did the french do ... sell missiles and planes to argentina . 
  hmm no eu 's export to the uk outweighs just about everything , it 's one of if not thee biggest importer of eu goods . 
  this is a stupid way to proceed though , a country is not allowed to trade for over two years because he 's not allowed to create it 's own deals in the mean time ? 
  it 's ridiculous and needless and i think the uk should just ignore it . 
  will the eu actually go with this though , can you really see germany with it 's massive amount of car exports to the uk really agree to this , it 's madness , more mad than many would say brexit happening in the first place , it 's like pouring oil on a house fire . 
  yes leave and join us in the united states of everything is awesome !, 
  i was impressed with daniel hannan during the campaign , although i do n't know much about his general policies aside from europe , should he run ? 
  introducing the new cross over series uk politics does game of thrones . 
  they tried to bring a group of supporters around boris with jobs and such but they could n't do it , so it fell through that 's what the gove supporter on bbc 's daily politics said as the reason gove had decided to run himself . 
  gove his biggest backer decided boris could n't bring the party together behind him so stood himself , gove brought a lot of support which now swaps to gove meaning boris does n't have much . 
  we need a snap election after all this , with so much thats gone on the government should seek a new mandate . 
  less than an hour ago on the daily politics his proponents were saying he was going to run as well . 
  to be fair even before the brexit there was the famous case of a woman being caught on someones mobile doing a similar thing , i 'd like to reassure you it 's not a common occurrence in the uk though . 
  this is why we need a strong labour party but what do we have , a cluster fuck . 
  interesting read . 
  if you thought the uk was a roadblock you ai n't seen nothing yet . 
  censoring the press eh / s, 
  i was n't holding it up as a success , i responding to the idea it is an integral part of a functioning free market , i just provided an example of a free market where it is n't integral . 
  one it causes instability on the country , housing is a massive problem at the moment here , we ca n't build enough to keep up with the rate of migration . 
  two it keeps down wages , tons of people available for work means there 's no incentive to raise wages and with the incentives of the living wage coming soon it 'll be even more of a problem . 
  the free movement of people just causes a massive imbalance , it robs countries of their brightest . 
  even them . 
  we love our canadian brothers , we 'd welcome it . 
  she should n't be exploiting the situation and making it worse that 's for sure , she 's adding to the economical turbulence , she 's adding to the hostility from both sides , she 's pitting people against each other more and more , she 's not done a single thing to help the situation , the only thing she 's done is exploit it for her and her parties gains . 
  by exploiting the situation to force through a second referendum , her words of calm are predicated on lies to since the eu will not negotiate with scotland as evidence donald tusk rejecting a meeting with her , she has no power to side step the uk parliament . 
  she 's doing all this before we even know how the uk 's relationship with the eu will end up , pure opportunism . 
  not a chance they 'd be allowed to walk away without paying their part of the debt , not a chance . 
  they are not acting like grown ups , they are throwing oil on the fire to take advantage of the devastation . 
  i know i should of replied to the below point rather than creating a new entry . 
  it wo n't be able to veto since it 'll never be asked . 
  it does make note of the impacts of possible brexit though . 
  can we please stop down voting people who give opposing views ? 
  it 's getting beyond a joke now . 
  we 're being lead by a bunch of children . 
  fuck it , i hope brexit screws everything up , i just want to see the world burn now . 
  chill it was a joke dude . 
  they should bottle all this salt , it 'll get greece out of debt .
