  britain has hoped that a deal on the status of migrants would be relatively straightforward as mrs may believed it was in everyone 's interest . 
  according to reports form berlin on tuesday , mrs may had attempted to secure a `` reciprocal deal '' with mrs merkel when the pair met earlier this month . 
  the deal would have guaranteed the rights of 1.2 million british people living on the continent and 3.3 million eu migrants living in the uk . 
  the german chancellor rejected the deal , however , amid concerns that it would hand the uk a significant advantage during brexit negotiations . 
  mr tusk 's intervention came after more than 80 british politicians , including dozens of conservative mps , accused him of being `` worryingly indifferent '' to the `` anxiety and uncertainty '' of migrants . 
  he responded with a direct attack on the tory mps and britain for voting to leave the european union . 
  he said : `` would you not agree that the only source of anxiety and uncertainty is rather the decision on brexit ? 
  and that the only way to dispel the fears and doubts of all the citizens concerned is the quickest possible start of the negotiations based on art . 
  50 of the treaty ? 
  `` in your letter you called on me ` to resolve this matter once and for all ' at the european council in december . 
  this would in effect mean the start of the negotiations already in december . '', 
  `` the eu stands ready to do so , but that can only happen on the condition that art . 
  50 has been triggered . 
  let me reiterate , however , that the decision about triggering art . 
  50 belongs only to the uk , which we fully respect . '', 
  mrs may tried to secure an early agreement on the rights of eu citizens and british ex-pats when she met mrs merkel in november . 
  politico reported that the prime minister tried to secure a quick , informal deal to reassure expatriates on both sides of the channel in a bid to secure goodwill ahead of negotiations . 
  mrs merkel , however , rejected the suggestion and maintained her position that there must be no talks before brexit negotiations have been formally triggered by the uk . 
  the prime minister 's official spokesman declined to comment on the report but added : `` we have been very clear we would like to have an early agreement '' . 
  mrs may has repeatedly said that she can not guarantee the rights of eu migrants living in the uk until eu nations agree to guarantee the rights of british ex-pats . 
  negative vote for a ello ello reference ? 
  wow . 
  `` good moaning '', 
  it was the aid to an mp mark field after a meeting on brexit , so the views could of been of the mp , not the actual government . 
  according to the business minister today he refutes everything said in these notes . 
  i was actually thinking of i , robot . 
  lol, 
  one of us , one of us . 
  bonus point if you get the reference . 
  i thought england derived from angland i.e land of the angles , likewise for scotland , land of the scots . 
  i know this is selfish of me but what is his and le pen 's stance on the uk and brexit ? 
  what would citizenship entail because they wo n't be using any of the eu 's courts after brexit . 
  they received a loan from an eu fund which the uk had contributed to which is why i said indirectly . 
  i apologise but it feels like i 've said the same thing 100 times before , i should n't of got involved . 
  we did n't bail them out directly but we did indirectly as far as i 'm aware but yes we were n't as exposed to greece than the rest of the eu , this is mainly due to not having the euro . 
  it did n't cost us as much because we decided against the fiscal integration that was already established because we knew it was a powder keg . 
  it 's better for us to leave if you 'd rather ignore our views and suggestions . 
  just leave it , there 's no point arguing , i tried to be a moderate voice but got downvoted by people who simply want to ignore the reasons and motivations for why brexit is happening . 
  they would rather bury their heads and insult you than understand the reasons for why the average brit voted for leave . 
  you 're also not helping , the reason greece failed was because the eu in their haste to open the door for them ignored their debts and economical problems . 
  what i hate is the fact the media here has barely covered it . 
  this was one of the main reasons i voted against the tories . 
  what i mean is , the only way we can change our minds is if there 's another referendum and that wo n't happen . 
  and pigs could fly if they grew wings . 
  i live there , there 's more it stretches down an entire street or two , that 's just the bit outside city hall . 
  when we party , we party hard . 
   nicola sturgeon 's brexit minister has been caught out making inaccurate claims to brussels diplomats about the level of scottish support for the eu and suggestions of non-existent talks with the spanish government . 
   mike russell used a speech to eu officials to portray scotland as separate from the rest of the uk , claiming that five million scots had demonstrated in the eu referendum that `` they do not want to give up their european citizenship . ''  he also claimed that the only msps to vote for brexit were four tories and , pressed specifically about whether talks were taking placed with spain over a special deal for scotland , reassured the audience that `` we would not be talking in these terms unless we were having conversations . ''  but the tories accused him of attempting to paint `` a completely false picture '' to a `` sympathetic audience '' , pointing out that fewer than 1.7 million scots voted to remain compared to more than a million who backed leave . 
   the telegraph disclosed that alex neil , a former scottish government minister who served in cabinet with mr russell , voted leave and his allegations that other snp msps have approached him confirming they did the same . 
   the spanish government further undermined mr russell 's claims by confirming they had held no talks about a special brexit deal for scotland . 
  a senior government source said the eu has been clear there would be no negotiations until the uk triggers article 50 . 
   any deal would have to be agreed by all member states , including spain , which is wary of offering scotland preferential terms for fear of encouraging its own separatist movements . 
  mariano rajoy , the spanish prime minister , said in june that scotland will have to leave the eu with the rest of the uk . 
   the allegations against mr russell overshadowed a meeting in london between nicola sturgeon and eu ambassadors . 
  a spokesman for the brexit minister accused the tories of a `` ludicrous attack '' but did not respond to the specific examples of the inaccuracies that were cited . 
   he delivered the speech on monday in brussels but the conservatives recorded the full proceedings and yesterday published the audio footage . 
   ian duncan , a scottish conservative mep , said : `` it 's no surprise that the spanish government has confirmed that no contact has been made . 
  in an effort to impress eu officials in brussels , mr russell appears to have simply made stuff up . 
   `` we know that snp msp alex neil supported brexit and that as many as six other snp msps did likewise . 
  yet mr russell has gone to brussels and tried to paint a completely false picture . 
  as is typical of the snp , when they think they can get away with telling complete untruths , they will always do so . ''  the minister used the speech to drop heavy hints that a second independence referendum would be called unless a `` differentiated '' deal was offered to scotland that included the softest form of brexit . 
   but an audience member pointed out that he had little to say on whether the european union would agree to a special deal for a scotland within the uk . 
   mr russell said it was for the eu to say what was agreeable but argued that brussels should be sympathetic to a country that believes in the `` european project . ''  pressed on whether he was in contact with the spanish government , the minister said he would not disclose the identities of `` everybody we speak to . ''  but he then dropped a heavy hint than talks were underway , saying : `` i think you can take it as intelligent people we would not be talking in these terms unless we were having conversations . '', 
   however , a spokesman for spain 's ministry of foreign affairs told this newspaper that no talks had taken place over a special deal for scotland after brexit . 
   a senior spanish government source added : `` the eu has decided not to start any negotiation before notification under article 50 of the ( lisbon ) treaty . 
   `` it is not an easy question ; we do n't know yet what exactly the uk wants to negotiate , even less can we see how could the eu already start to deal with exceptions . ''  but a spokesman for mr russell said : `` this is a ludicrous attack from the tories -- for them to ask anyone else to clarify their plans for brexit is like a burglar demanding a homeowner clean up the house he has just ransacked . 
   `` this event was open to the public and the media as well as being filmed , and anyone who takes the time to listen to the recording would hear a discussion which was overwhelmingly positive about scotland - and universally critical of the tory government 's shambolic approach to brexit . '', 
  how to lose the election in france , claim the guy is too english :p, 
  i 'm assuming it 's because you have to pay for bags now . 
  i hate economics but this guy is awesome , i watched the whole thing and yeah i did n't understand the finer points but he made so much sense . 
  is there a reason there 's two threads based on the same topic on the front page ? 
  in the other thread on the same thing it 's pointed out the majority of uk polls puts pro-eu on around 48 % . 
  i ca n't make a simple point on this reddit without being downvoted for it . 
  i wonder how many of the g20 countries actually do what they said they 'd do . 
  but supposedly we have to keep the negatives . 
  they 've literally been torn down and replaced with modern and in some cases over the top looking buildings . 
  google `` the bullring '' it was basically the biggest culprit in this and it 's been replaced by a building that looks like it 's covered in hub caps . 
  whole of birmingham town centre and just outside of it had stuff like this , it 's been in the process of pulling them down for two or three years now . 
  i do n't know how i 'm being silly , i 'm relaying what i 've watched on political programmes here . 
  daily politics , newsnight etc. 
  by support i mean military support , defence support etc , considering the uk is one of only two eu nations with a sizeable and modern armed forces . 
  there 's talk on political shows here , that the uk may make geopolitical implications a big part of their negotiating hand , what with trump in the white house and russia being more boisterous , they 'll try to emphasise that it 's better if the eu does n't screw over the uk to much if they still want support . 
  whether that 's right or wrong is not my place to say . 
  i 've been to the german market in birmingham , i did n't know there were so many polish people from there . 
  i 've always wanted to test my ancestry , i 'd love to know more about my past , i barely know anything one generation back . 
  i 'm against this , i do n't like it one bit , we 've had less powers that have been exploited despite having the same safeties this law has . 
  this is what happens when you give people an inch , they take a mile . 
  ever seen drunken fighting the kung fu discipline , boris has just translated it into politics . 
  right to bear arms . 
  not having a constitution is actually a good thing in some ways as it does n't lock us in and allows us to adapt to ever changing climate , something the us has a hard time doing . 
  it was n't even our position it was a con , it had nothing to do with the government . 
  you know what sod 's law is ? 
  it 's what 's happening to every election . 
  opt outs in and of themselves prove the eu was n't working because instead of making compromises to suit all they just threw an opt out at the countries who did ' t like the proposal . 
  by the way it was n't just the uk which had opt outs several others do , but people like to focus on the uks because we are the most vocal . 
  lack of empathy ? 
  i know several people who voted to leave in part due to the way the eu treated greece . 
  considering we tried to change europe from within and got told to go stuff it before we left , your argument is wrong , we did try to change it , we 've been trying for a long time . 
  sorry but it 's not unreasonable to state this , this is the second leak in the past couple of days and it 's not a coincidence . 
  these leaks are trying to undermine our position and it 's getting beyond a joke .
