yep , the boys are back in town . 
  to the european free market , everyone has access to it to some extent . 
  every one has free market access , it 's to what extent you have free market access which is the issue , america has free market access , it 's just not part of the single market . 
  dum dum dum another one bites the dust , dum dum dum another bites the dust . 
  i 'm all for it , it 's more my cup of tea . 
  while we 're at it , add australia and new zealand and we 're good to go , anglosphere unite !, 
  yes but he did n't say that though , he said there was a queue , we all know you can do more than one thing at once , he was deliberating making a misleading comment to interfere in the referendum . 
  a country the size of the us has more than one set of negotiators , it 's not one at a time . 
  he was n't calling them in any order , most likely who could come to the phone first . 
   boris johnson has called on european leaders to end the `` doom and gloom '' about donald trump 's election victory and see the us president-elect as someone with whom they can build closer ties . 
   speaking after a phone conversation with the vice-president-elect , mike pence , the british foreign secretary described trump as `` a deal maker '' and called for an end to the `` collective whinge-o-rama '' which followed hillary clinton 's defeat . 
   the british government is hurriedly seeking ways to engage with trump , a man several ministers had condemned during his election campaign , including johnson , who had said he was `` genuinely worried '' at the idea of a trump presidency . 
   one report on friday claimed that the international trade secretary , liam fox , wanted to turn to nigel farage to liaise with trump because the government had no links with his camp . 
   the story in the telegraph was , however , immediately dismissed by downing street , with a spokesman saying : `` dr fox has no plans to talk to mr farage . '' a ukip source said there was no truth to the report . 
   theresa may talked to trump on thursday afternoon , with the president-elect making reference to the close relationship between ronald reagan and margaret thatcher , a downing street source said . 
   trump `` alluded to their relationship as a way to underline that he was keen to have a good personal working relationship too '' , the source said . 
   johnson said of his conversation with pence : `` we agreed on the importance of the special relationship and the need to tackle global challenges together . ''  speaking in belgrade , where he had met the serbian prime minister , aleksandar vu\u010di\u0107 , johnson called for a sense of proportion in reaction to trump 's success . 
   `` i would respectfully say to my beloved european friends and colleagues that it 's time that we snapped out of the general doom and gloom about the result of this election and collective whinge-o-rama that seems to be going on in some places , '' he said . 
   `` he is , after all , a deal maker . 
  he wants to do a free trade deal with the uk , '' johnson told reporters . 
  `` i believe that this is a great opportunity for us in the uk to build on that relationship with america that is of fundamental economic importance for us , but also of great importance for stability and prosperity in the world . ''  jonathan marland , david cameron 's former trade envoy , said trump 's victory was a `` great opportunity to rebuild alliances '' . 
   speaking on bbc radio 4 's today programme , the peer said : `` our relationship with america has been rocky in terms of trade recently because of the onslaught they had against our banks and against bp and i think business needs certainty . 
  if mr trump can show there is a greater certainty and that he is open for business then i think it is very good for british business . ''  he added : `` post-brexit and post-trump , both countries are going to be looking for allies with which to increase their trade . 
  both countries will be looking for quick-fix partners post these events and i have no doubt that trump , whose mother was born in scotland ... will be looking very favourably on economic relationships with the uk . ''  farage has spoken jokingly about the idea of being trump 's liaison with the eu in brussels , but his allies say that while he would happily consider being an intermediary for the uk government , there is no realistic chance he would be asked . 
   the ukip interim leader is currently in florida for a private event . 
  in an interview with talkradio recorded before he was due to fly to the us , farage joked about the idea of trump sexually assaulting may . 
  imagining the two leaders meeting , he said : `` do n't touch her , for goodness sake , '' before laughing . 
  asked about the likely behaviour of trump , who has been accused of a series of sexual assaults , which he denies , farage added : `` if it comes to it , i could be there as the responsible adult role , to make sure everything 's ok . '', 
  i liked obama but i was disappointed with his approach to the uk , if one thing seems to be good from trump is that he appears to be pro-uk . 
  trump likes the uk http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-37941737 ( apparently not a eu related topic ), 
  it plays in so well though with mr garrison deliberately trying to lose , only for him to actually win despite of it . 
  buckle up buckaroo !, 
  nigel farage : commenting on donald j. trump being elected the next president of the united states , nigel farage said , `` today , the establishment is in deep shock . 
  even more so than after brexit . 
  what we are witnessing is the end of a period of big business and big politics controlling our lives . 
  `` voters across the western world want nation state democracy , proper border controls and to be in charge of their own lives . 
  `` i commend donald trump for the courage with which he has fought this campaign and i look forward to a closer relationship between the usa and the uk . 
  we now have a president who likes our country and understands our post-brexit values . 
  `` prepare for further political shocks in the years to come . '', 
  i think the majority of the uk is thinking `` oh shit , but at least trump said we 'll be at the front of the queue . '', 
  looks like mr garrison is the new president in south park . 
  i 'm genuinely scared about the future of the world now . 
  i think it 's an indictment of us politics if he wins any of the states , he 's just that repugnant and fake . 
  george bush did n't vote for trump . 
  especially when you steal stuff . 
  a lot of the funding for space and stuff in the uk comes from private funding afaik . 
  i think , now i 'm not entirely sure but i remember there being a law discussed/passed that if you leave the uk to join a terrorist organisation you lose your citizenship . 
  why is wales blue ? 
  they voted to leave to . 
  by calling people who voted for leave idiots you 've just gone full circle . 
  guys calm down it 's traditional british humour . 
  to be fair to those who are saying this is an attempt at reversing the referendum , prominent mps including owen smith the recent labour leadership runner said today he will do what he can to vote against article 50 happening , that 's a long with several others such as nick clegg and paddy ashdown and even the snp are wondering whether they should join the legal battle to . 
  so you can see how many of the more committed leavers are annoyed by this ruling . 
  first you relate us to trump then you say make `` england '' , it 's not england it 's the uk . 
  yeah because technically we do n't have a constitution because it 's a mish mash of everything , but the people may not see it that way , you ca n't suddenly turn around and say well your referendum was n't binding so we 're not going to do what you wanted . 
  it would be the parliament going against the wishes of the public , i ca n't see how that is not a crisis . 
  i voted for leave and i totally understand the wish for parliament to vote on it , we asked for sovereignty and this is the first example of it being put into practice , i do however expect them to stick to the wishes of the british people and vote it through , for them to not do so would be a constitutional crisis . 
  0 points for us , certain . 
  what ever , i 'm tired of it of trying to defend it , i wo n't be posting here again . 
  people are perfectly welcome in the uk , we just no longer want uncontrolled immigration that results in undercutting of wages and further pressure added to our social support mechanisms . 
  we also have significantly less space to share than most eu countries . 
  peace for our time / s, 
  i understand that it should n't be a la carte but then again considering the uk is one of only two countries that actually have significant armed forces the eu should probably refrain from causing unneeded damage to it 's economy . 
  what ? 
  may said exactly that we would n't be shirking our responsibilities last week and everyone began shitting on it . 
  because we get told you do at every opportunity by the media , cameron blamed the eu a lot , he tried to renegotiate and got nothing which in a lot of peoples minds supported that view and you also hate us in eurovision :p, 
  i think it 's simply because it sounds so much like chechnya . 
  please focus on the people who ran to stop it and not the idiot . 
  the majority of us are like them , not the fking moron . 
  this has been linked on this reddit before , it 's just vote bait . 
  as someone who voted to leave as well , can i just say , shut up . 
  i was born there , i think about it all the time . 
  i mean we can offer to keep paying them for better access . 
  everyone has access to the single market it 's just to what extent is the issue . 
  we do have some leverage in regards to budgetary contributions as the eu will be losing it 's second largest contributor . 
  i 'm reading the comments on the ft article and there 's a suggestion that it 's probably best for may to hold off until the time she 's pointed to because hollande may not be in a position to do anything and his replacement maybe more practical and open . 
  if france says it 's masculine , i support feminine :p / s, 
  serious question : what do you guys think about testing teeth and such for finding a refugee 's age out ? 
  labour here says it breaks their human rights , whilst a conservative has said it 's the norm in other countries . 
  no boaty mc boatface messing about there . 
  it was the reason for the bust up apparently , he was allegedly going over to the conservatives . 
  i find it ironic they say leaving the eu is bad for scotland , but leaving the union is n't . 
  it made them sit up and listen to those talking about lower wages and immigration has n't it ? 
  i would n't say it was at the heart of the scottish referendum , it was said i totally agree but it was n't at the heart of it . 
  i think voters also knew as well that the scottish referendum was not a binding referendum that prohibited the rest of the uk from voting out of the eu . 
  i do n't think saying no to another referendum is anti democratic , did n't alex salmond say it was once in a life time ? 
  if some said it 's the only way to stay in europe and alex salmond says it 's once in a lifetime then i think that kind of cancels each other out . 
  there 's more people going to food banks than ever before as well . 
  perhaps they are n't idiots and did it knowing full well what it would result in if only so the government would finally listen to them ? 
  so quick to resort to insulting rather than listening . 
  the wealth gap has never been as big , people feel like the economy is only benefiting the rich and not the poor . 
  there 's such a thing as `` the working poor '' in the uk where despite working their wages have to be compensated by benefits considerably thus the idea of the working wage was implemented which was basically a rename of the minimum wage . 
  wages are not growing at the rate the economy is growing , people have pointed to immigration as a reason thus why you have some saying they are being undercut by immigrants etc which all plays into the motives for leaving the eu for some . 
  you talk about the union being based on sentiment , but equally i 'm hearing the call for independence based on a lot of resentment . 
  london also supports being part of the eu , it was those disenfranchised people from the rest of the country that felt things had to change . 
  there 's simply no way to argue either side , if you say no to scotland you 're anti democracy , but if you say yes to scotland then you 're putting the union in danger again and made the previous referendum meaningless which is countering democracy then . 
  why only remain ? 
  the uk will always side with members of the anglosphere over even the closest of european countries . 
  quick question , when can the uk form trade agreements with countries outside of the eu , is it the moment article 50 is triggered or does it have to wait until the negotiations are finished ? 
  i only wonder because some have been saying it 's more like the uk will have a free trade deal with canada before the eu will but i 'm not even sure if that is possible .
