  kind of funny that most economist agree if we left the eu , housing prices would go down and wages would go up . 
  i 'm getting downvotes for this but it 's not an official letter by ukip it 's a local leaflet , it does n't speak for the whole of ukip or the leave campaign , ukips leader is n't even in the official leave campaign . 
  remain lost this within the first 10 minutes when they started attacking on a personal level rather than talking about the issues . 
  it 's not an official letter . 
  i 'll most likely be up for the majority of the night . 
  well the guy is saying his little theme park means we would be removed , so is his theme park the european union or simply europe the continent ? 
  pretending like you were n't part of it does n't make it a reality . 
  so you think we should all live in a theocracy where economists are our priests and money is our god ? 
  i did n't know if we left the european union we 'd no longer be in europe the continent ... 
  they also said either way they 'll still be in the uk . 
  i see myself as someone who is on the left , but i support leave , so this referendum has seen me be on the opposite side of those i would usually consider like minded , it 's quite eye opening . 
  i 'm pro leave , i think this is kind of pedantic but accept they do n't want their emblem associated with the campaign . 
  however they have said before that no matter what happens they wo n't leave the uk . 
  cameron made a big deal of vetoing a budget fairly recently , ended up going through via other means though . 
  what i was referring to is that what ever the commission wants to go through , it groups together a load of countries , usually the smaller nations to form a majority in the parliament to see it go through against the wishes of others , the uk is the most outvoted country of all the nations , and ends up getting outvoted on things that go against it 's interests by countries that have very little to do with the subject matter . 
  are n't you old enough to not have to resort to insulting someone for their grammar ? 
  yeah , this is n't a good indication considering the general demographic of those in london . 
  because what the commission wants the commission gets , it bypasses vetos , it ignores the will of those who do n't want it so long as it holds a majority which it basically bribes into doing what it want . 
  the lords does n't construct laws and regulations it scrutinises them , reviews and amends them . 
  someone else is someone not directly elected by us . 
  i 'd hardly call caring about the sovereignty of my country petty nationalism . 
  the issue is , the eu asks for a large figure depending on how well the economy is doing , so it asks for # 350mill because it knows it 'll have to lose some of it for the rebate and eu funding for the uk , it 's still a massive amount including the rebate and incoming money that 's paid out . 
  i usually love john oliver , but his simple look on brexit without looking at any of the negatives of remaining let him down on this one . 
  he should of highlighted the fact the us would never accept any laws being imposed on them by someone else , especially when the someone else is not even fully democratically elected . 
  the only abject , self imposed humiliation that awaits is when we leave and cameron has to get lost . 
  that article is nothing but suppositions . 
  no one pledged that the best way to protect scotland 's eu membership was to stay part of the uk . 
  i 'll admit politicians did say it but they never pledged it and to think that scotland 's ref decision was binding on the future decision of the rest of the uk is flawed . 
  what ever , it 's not been reported on the news here yet , and i do n't care down vote me but it 's sickening that people are not thinking of her children and family but using it as a tool for the referendum already . 
  he may or may not of said it , it does n't matter right now , what matters is we think of her two young kids . 
  it was unsubstantiated at the time and it 's still indulging in theories . 
  the supposedly bit . 
  what sickens me is a woman has died , you 've started directing blame based on hearsay and then said `` i would n't obviously complain if it resulted in a boost for remain '' that 's sickening . 
  it does n't matter at the moment whether it is or is n't a woman has been murdered and her family are grieving . 
   please avoid indulging in unsubstantiated conspiracy theories . 
  please consider mp cox 's family whom she left behind and the grief and discombobulation they must be feeling . 
  this has nothing to do with the referendum , a woman has needlessly died , you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  no , he supposedly did when he was at eton as part of a club , the black mirror stuff was inspired by rumours that go back before it was announced in a book . 
  britain first is nothing but a minority campaign made up of bigots and racists from the edl , they do n't speak for anyone . 
  we have to extract ourselves from the deals and such , see what we can keep what we ca n't keep etc etc. 
  it 's a two year process before we actually leave , it 's not simply we have the referendum and we 're gone . 
  someone tell me what i actually said that was wrong ? 
  what ? 
  english fans give poor kids money and apparently the english fans are in the wrong ? 
  what 's worse is that in this day and age there are kids on the streets having to resort to this , and whilst the english fans are having a laugh , at leas the kids are getting some money out of it . 
  no one does , because it 's all down to negotiations , that does n't mean we should n't do it . 
  the very principle of our sovereignty is up for debate . 
  it 's mentioned in the article what they could try to do if we leave . 
  there 's plenty , as i mentioned elsewhere several prominent figure have said immigration is the key reason wages on the lower end of the scale have stagnated . 
  also the eu does n't want to reform , we tried reforming it , we tried renegotiation our position , we got barely anything , so much so the whole platform of the government supporting the renegotiation collapsed within the first 2 days and now it 's not even mentioned . 
  many economists , politicians and banks have said the availability of cheap labour has kept down the poorest peoples wages in the country despite the country do better . 
  making everything as difficult and as painful for the uk leaving the eu as possible . 
  what do you expect , punishing someone for using democracy to decide their future , very eu like . 
  our democratically elected sovereignty is being eroded by the eu month by month . 
  we are asked to pay more to the eu because our economy is doing well because we stayed out of the euro and such . 
  our wages are being suppressed by immigration and our infrastructure is close to breaking . 
  yeah we kicked each others asses but we never held grudges , unlike them french :p, 
  yeah they 'd definitely be up there . 
  yeah but what about within europe ? 
  it 's easy to say the us , i 'd be more interested in european allies outlooks . 
  i 'd agree with that , in europe though which is the uks biggest ally ? 
  ok so i was downvoted who should it be then ? 
  for the uk , maybe netherlands ? 
  historically we 've been close due to house of orange . 
  edit : i took the topic to mean within europe , not world wide if that helps . 
  animals , literally trying to hunt down fans , but to some the english are still at fault for it . 
  there 's several unions against staying in the eu . 
  i watched the daily politics every day and it 's not as one sided as you make out . 
  this is n't just about a tory government or a labour government it 's about our government , who has the final say on things , i 'd rather our own democratically elected politicians no matter how much we loath some of them than people in the eu that are disconnected and out of reach of us . 
  their status quo is creating a eu that works for those who are already better off and centralising power over the people at the cost of the countries sovereign rights . 
  they 've already done it in regards to greece and they 'll keep doing it . 
  i believe they all have a consensus to keep with the status quo . 
  that guy says a lot of things , he 's a fearmonger just like david cameron , germany would probably go into recession without the money we spend on their goods . 
  yeah i 've not tried world of warships yet primarily due to the bitter taste world of tanks left after it took so long , but to leave the rn out of a warship game from the start just shows obvious bias . 
  if you think germany will allow tariffs to go up between them and the uk who spends a hell of a lot of money on them then you 'd be in the minority . 
  we wo n't lose access to the single market , we can still trade into it , we just wo n't be actually in the single market . 
  free movement is nothing but bad for me , it lets to many people in which forces down wages and i do n't go on holiday to europe or plan to live or work there so there 's no up side for me . 
  recognise the crimes and stop glorifying a man who would take you back to those times . 
  david cameron said he wanted to pave the way from ankara to brussels . 
  we have no problem with the people , but we can barely make enough houses for who we have at the moment , we barely have enough hospitals and beds for the people who need it . 
  in an ideal world it would be fine but with all the issues going on , even if said people contribute , we do n't have the infrastructure to deal with more migration . 
  still this referendum is now and is about the future of our country which includes understanding what the eu is offering the future of our country which includes more countries joining . 
  i know , but the developers have never liked the uk forces . 
  even when they do introduce them they downplay their strengths and emphasise weaknesses more . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/14/euro-2016-french-police-stop-up-to-50-suspected-russian-ultras-f/ i should correct my original statement though , they want to deport them , it 's not been carried out yet . 
  yes ... they are all in the process of undergoing the necessary changes and negotiations to join the eu . 
  50 were dragged off a coach heading to lille to attack the english again , they have since been deported . 
  world of tanks did n't introduce british tanks for ages so i know how the french feel . 
  they are all in the process of meeting the requirements to join the eu that is all . 
  mr cameron told pro-eu campaigners : `` can we be so sure peace and stability on our continent are assured ? '', 
  what ? 
  it was pretty much all russian , even the french prosecutor just said 150 russians were at the heart of it . 
  as to the `` we love you isis , we do '' it 's sarcasm , something you clearly do n't get , even if it 's not sarcasm , it 's possible the witnesses misheard it . 
  yeah its actually an underestimate . 
  i clearly meant eu . 
  it 's not a lie , the eu takes # 350m however part it is returned by rebate and other part of it is given back but dictates how it should be spent . 
  the rebate is a % of the gross asked for though so it 's still right to say the overall amount the eu asks for , it 's still an awful lot of money even when you apply the rebate . 
  cameron says a lot of things , he said europe would erupt into war if we left the eu . 
  this is why we do n't trust our current pm when he says things like turkey will never be in the eu , he says one thing and does another . 
  we did n't even ask for much and the stuff we did get was diluted to be negligible .
