  only 1000 people searched for that term apparently . 
  if you lose something so fundamental traditional british honour kind of dictates you resign since if you 're not good enough to convince the people to believe you on that then you 're no longer fit and your mandate is untenable , it 's not law or anything it 's just one of those things . 
  the shadow cabinet is resigning because they never wanted corbyn as party leader in the first place and they are using the eu ref as an excuse to try and kick him out which includes quitting their jobs to further heap pressure on him . 
  it 's respectful after a time to leave the dead where they were buried originally in my opinion . 
  you know i voted leave and i have no idea what the hell is happening now , what is boris on ? 
  umm i do n't recall posting about how great brexit was , i recall saying a lot of the stuff remain was saying was scare mongering ( how could inferring world war 3 be anything other than scare mongering ) i advocated exit on the basis i believe in a countries sovereignty , that is all . 
  all i am saying is , as a fact the leave campaign was made up of many people from many parties , they are not in control of the country at the moment , they were n't in position to make guarantees , this came up many times on shows like newsnight and the daily politics . 
  they could make suggestions as to what could change if we left the eu , but fundamentally they were not in a position to make promises or guarantees and a lot of the voters knew that , they knew the prime minister who had the real power was advocating staying and they knew boris , gove , gisela stuart etc etc advocating leaving based on the possibilities the uk could adopt . 
  do n't shoot the messenger but this is truth of it , do n't blame me for stating it , i did n't vote on the basis of the 350 mill , i voted on the basis of my beliefs of a countries sovereignty . 
  either some people do n't get the quote or they just lack humour . 
  none of what they said where promises they were indications of what could be done and what as mps they would fight to try and achieve . 
  yeah the guy had said he 'd made it before the result had even came out as he expected leave to lose , whether that 's true or not * shrug *, 
  birmingham is still the second city of the uk , always has been . 
  that 's so interesting , you know that 's the sort of thing i 'd go to france to help clear up , in memory of those who passed . 
  edit : the war material , not the bodies of those who gave their lives , they should rest in peace . 
  hmm maybe , maybe not i would n't be surprised if someone like theresa may steps up to block boris . 
  well considering the leave campaign is not running the country then why does that matter ? 
  you know nothing jon snow . 
  please stop saying england ... i mean people from every country had votes for exit , it 's not england 's fault it has the most people in it . 
  i 'm literally going to ignore anything to do with a scottish referendum from now on , it feels like d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu , it sucked the first time and it 'll suck the second time . 
  i 'm not saying i support them , just that for once they have something they can get behind . 
  he 's won every by-election and the mayor of london election . 
  britain 's second city is birmingham , not manchester . 
  supposedly the ip addresses have been tracked and a lot are not even in the country . 
  really because afaik we were trying to stop ttip from having any say on the nhs . 
  corbyn welcomed a lot of dissenting voices into his shadow cabinet in an attempt to bring the party together , he did nothing but try to fix the split but they were not willing to do so and tried to get him out at the first opportunity . 
  they made a massive deal about scrapping tuition fees and i mean massive , they got into coalition with the tories and instead of scrapping the tuition fees they raised them without fighting the tories at all . 
  what 's the lie , the entirety of what she said ? 
  sorry i do n't get your point ? 
  this actually gives people a reason to vote for the lib dems , after the shit they pulled with tuition fees there was a very slim chance they 'd ever be relevant again . 
  you 're basically calling me stupid now , so not going to continue . 
  or perhaps it just shows that your generalisation that people who voted for brexit are stupid is wrong and you are in fact sinking to insulting people who do n't share your own views . 
  i attended university and voted for brexit . 
  `` mr juncker said the separation was `` not an amicable divorce '' just does n't help . 
  i 'm really depressed by how much bile is being thrown about , so much hatred , the optimism i had is slowly being crushed by all the negative comments and threats now being thrown at the uk , from another scottish referendum , ireland making moves on northern ireland , spain making moves on gibraltar , the eu threatening the uk with perpetual future poverty for leaving , it 's just depressing it 's come to this . 
  i 'm sorry if you really think brexit is reminiscent of nazi germany . 
  there was outrage when boris johnson suggested the attempt to unify europe was like several attempts before like napoleon and hitler , it 's just the same here , bringing nazi 's into the debate is not helpful . 
   the post-factual politics of brexit or trump are reminiscent of the sort of politics that brought hitler to power godwin 's law . 
  new prime minister to actually do it ? 
  they are trying to make it go faster than what is already down in treaties . 
  martin schulz has stated he 's using lawyers and such to scrutinise the treaty to see if he can make it go faster than it 's clearly stated to do . 
  what can i say , i have anxiety and depression . 
   victory of populism , demagoguery , xenophobia , petty nationalism and pure ignorance that right there is an example of the condemnation and insults i was referring to , because you do n't agree with the majority stances you 've resulted to calling them all sorts of things because they simply do n't agree with you . 
  i admit there is likely a minority of leave that perhaps fall into these categories but to say the majority is would be wrong . 
  people do vote on principles and ideals that are respectful , such as sovereignty , control of our own future , no longer wishing to obstruct the eu from where it wants to go . 
  this bullying aspect is one of the reasons leave won . 
  stop blaming england for everything , it was the uk as a whole , there were plenty of scottish politicians advocating staying with the uk . 
  nah it was n't it was a lot more straight forward , but i 'm not going to get into it as history has distorted the facts . 
  i 'm sorry but do americans think it was dumb to give up the crown during the war of independence ? 
  the uk had actually less overall control of america than the eu had over the uk now and they went to war for it . 
  was n't a main reason at all , it 's just something alex salmond suddenly grasped at when it was mentioned once or twice during the campaign , in no way was the scottish referendum a binding referendum on the fate of the uk in the eu and every one knew that . 
  he was n't even in the official campaign . 
  you know what 's stupid after all this the biggest trending names on twitter are corbyn and other labour mps . 
  is this media bias or something else ? 
  braveheart was not real . 
  that was only due to oil revenue though , oil revenue which has since sunk in the ground . 
  likewise if scotland left the uk they 'd lose a lot of ship construction due to the navies stance on making ships ourselves . 
  i dunno scotland and london could of swung it there was around 1mill in it . 
  yet you 're still asking for more, 
  scotland did n't turn out as much as the rest of the uk , they did n't want it as much . 
  it 's going to be painful , but we did the right thing . 
  would n't say clearly their numbers were n't that good , the turn out was lower than average . 
  we already are . 
  should of treated us better in the eurovision , 
  juncker is not answerable to anyone , and thats the problem . 
  spain can fuck off . 
  no , they do n't have to leave and will never be forced to . 
  you should mention though some where very small margins , newcastle was very 50/50 as was birmingham, 
  just the directly affected , so only gibraltar . 
  most likely , a lot of flooding . 
  well that 's it for me , been up all night and saw it happen so time for bed . 
  i voted leave and i believe we can make this work , but it does n't mean i am not frightened by it . 
  bbc just stated london and scotland did n't get the vote out enough to counter elsewhere . 
  do you think the eu will quickly offer us access to the free market without free movement as long as we remain in ? 
  liverpool voted in . 
  we originally signed up to a trade union , it then turned into a political union , that was the issue . 
  just over 50 % come from the eu alone . 
  free movement of people . 
  this is like new york state leaving . 
  nato, 
  he 's posted this like 3 or 4 times now whoever gave him gold for it is stupid . 
  i think i 'm in a state of shock . 
  keith vaz, 
  i 'm going to write a book `` the little country that could '', 
  does any one know the numbers on the turn out for the scottish referendum and the eu referendum ? 
  they 'll never be spanish . 
  cause they are the only ones that are awake . 
  the uk makes history it does n't just play a part in it . 
  holy shit holy shit , i 'm shitting myself omg it actually happened . 
  scandinavian countries ? 
  others european countries that want out of political union but still want trade . 
  bbc forecast uk votes to leave, 
  earth, 
  question , could the uk take the lead and create it 's own free trading bloc ? 
  pretty sure there would be a civil war . 
  most of our money is in services and banking . 
  birmingham has n't voted yet but it to looks like it 's going with leave and it 's the biggest single authority if you discount london which is broke up into boroughs . 
  people did n't take the uk seriously no matter which way i voted i 'd be disappointed with the way we were treated during the renegotiations and in general by european politicians attitude to it . 
  dude, 
  well we 'll be a whole lot more sovereign outside the eu .
