  read the facts , not all the fluff around it . 
  it 's relevant because the uk pays with actual money , when germany sells to people within the eurozone ( 36 % ) it does n't actually get real money as stated in the article . 
  the eu have been fudging the books more specifically germany has been . 
  not only were we the second net contributor to the eu but the real impact of loss of trading is becoming apparent . 
   yet even these figures understate germany 's economic dependence on britain . 
  around 36 % of germany 's total exports in 2015 went to countries within the eurozone . 
  however , under the so-called target2 payments system operated by the ecb , germany 's balance-of-payments surplus with the eurozone is financed not by the transfer of foreign-currency reserves , gold or other near-liquid assets , but by an open-ended overdraft facility granted by the bundesbank . 
  under this peculiar system , the exporter is paid not by the importing country but by germany 's central bank , which itself never receives payment . 
  rather , a credit note is issued by the importing country 's central bank , which it has no obligation ever to pay . 
  the bundesbank 's target2 balance stood at more than $ 660 billion as of july . 
  if germany 's eurozone exports were paid for in the same way as its other exports , it would be a much richer country . 
  that germany is moderately prosperous at all under this system is owed in large measure to its trade surplus with partners outside the eurozone . 
  this surplus is paid for in the traditional way , by transferring actual money to germany . 
  germany and other export-driven eurozone economies thus depend on trade with britain as a key partner outside the dysfunctional eurozone much more than is commonly realized . 
  if you do n't believe , take a look at the article in this reddit . 
  no we 're not important , we could just lead to the entirety of the eu going bankrupt due withdrawing our funding and germany having to cover it . 
  plenty of good programming , just programming you do n't like . 
  lost in translation and deliverance then . 
  also we may of sent farage but at least he had some principles he was trying to push through who ever sent that so called `` comedian '' entirely proves why the eu is one big joke . 
  we just play the dithering fool whilst below we 're actually really smart . 
  i ca n't see the bias in the statement of fact regarding how germany 's export and bank system actually works . 
  public relations wo n't change with those who do commit these crimes . 
  even if they have a face to face , the guys will just nod and say what ever the polish guys want to hear , then slag them off behind their back and go out and do it some more . 
  was this meant to be a joke though ? 
  it 's like a typical eu speech . 
  `` the more you tighten your grip , the more that will slip away '' leia ftw . 
  i 've seen a show where british people have gone on stag parties to polish cities and been beat up for no reason . 
  you 're more of a problem for our future than a helper , you have no optimism , you 're to bothered crying about what has happened rather than thinking about what will happen . 
  find your stiff upper lip . 
  it has direct access to the north american and asian markets and a lot of money flows through london . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not justifying it i 'm saying why they think they can do it and get away with it . 
  we 've shown many times in the past we have the biggest balls in the world . 
  we 're back to 5th largest , the devalued currency actually helped with exports , financial capital will still be here even if passporting is lost because losing it would be worse for the eu as it 'll lose access to the uks global market and the global market will not move to an eu country with oppressive taxing . 
  you 're welcome to move to germany if you want to be pessimistic about our future . 
  i 'm fat and i 've been on the brunt of similar abuse , these type of people just single out the minorities or weakest in society because they can . 
  the media has a lot of responsibility , was n't longer ago they were all over unofficial gypsy camps and how they left a memorial desecrated with rubbish and such . 
  `` let 's blame cameron now that he no longer holds office and stepped down as an mp '' it might be entirely true that he 's responsible but i find it ironic this has been said today , almost as if cameron knew it was going to happen . 
  how about no . 
  you do n't get dodgeball jokes do you . 
  lose uk gain romania , what a trade . 
  it 's a bold strategy cotton lets see if it pays off for them . 
  if you base judgements on what countries `` try '' to do you would n't be able to live any where . 
  can i just say those who supported brexit were of a broad church they were not a single group , also it was n't a pledge as much as a suggestion . 
  never heard of the lemon thing , only thing that reminds me of is sailors used to get rickets a lot so they took limes ( maybe lemons to ? ), 
  they had a tv show on bbc by joe brand i think it was , that said in the past the poorest had the worst tea and it was very bitter and to compensate they added milk and sugar to it and it 's stuck ever since , even if the tea is good . 
  that 's not how it was seen , they lead with that pretence but i 'd say the majority of the public thought it was the snp yet again exploiting a difficult situation for their own good . 
  i 'm glad she 's changed her mind . 
  caroline lucas supporting them on bbc daily politics right now , so hilarious and she 's just been made joint leader again . 
  clearly misappropriating the cause , doing more harm to it than help . 
  a spokesmen for them actually came on bbc news to say that climate change is racist . 
  which is bad for the eu , the uk is a global centre it does n't just cater for the eu it caters for the us and asian markets , do you think they 'll just drop everything if the uk loses passporting to europe ? 
  when it has all the infrastructure , the history , the know how to deal with everything ? 
  to risk dropping all that to go to a country that is protectionist , high taxes , that is at the whims of the eu who are in the process of trying to yank money out of apple ? 
  i doubt they 'll move and if the uk loses passporting and they do n't move the eu is going to be losing out on a lot of money and access . 
  the treaty not an eu treaty it 's a treaty between france and the uk , the eu has nothing to do with it . 
  france would love to have it , but financial services would not like france to have it due to their tax and transation policy , the market goes where it wants the eu can not force the market to move countries . 
  the uk will still be a global centre of commerce . 
  that 's an eu issue , this treaty is bi-lateral and removing pass porting from the uk in favour of a protectionist policy is bad for the eu . 
  he 'll have zero negotiating power because the uk will not accept illegal migrants and the basis of brexit was due to migration . 
  the uk will not accept them no matter what . 
  we had issues with deporting terrorists as the european courts said the terrorist had a right to family life etc or that the country he was being deported to would n't give him a fair trial . 
  great way to convince people to change by stigmatising them  . <, 
  obesity is not always a life choice , there are numerous reasons for it such as thoyroid problems , or mental health issues such as depression . 
  the majority of the press over here state the burka is not a symbol of religion it 's a symbol of oppression as it 's supposedly not in the holy scriptures . 
  to be honest , this actually makes brexit even harder because if the uk does get to remain within the single market but outside the eu 's legislation then there 's nothing stopping the uk giving apple a sweet deal to come here and still retain it 's access to the single market without all these eu issues . 
  i know it 's pre-brexit but people were reporting we were already seeing a slowdown in investment prior to the vote , so i 'm confused . 
  is it wrong when ever i think of the american immigration issue i always think of the gangs of new york  . <, 
  sometimes i forget on reddit there are dicks who make random made up facts without backing them up and then insult those who bring facts to support the opposite . 
  seriously like 0.001 % of people who are pro-great britain are only solely pro english . 
  i 'm pretty sure they were just worried about brexit and figured they could get some gold to invest in :p, 
  i 'm 30 , if anyone is childish it 's yourself , you 've provided one example of them rectifying the problem and i 've proven it 's got nothing to do with rectifying the problem , i 've also presented several examples of them doing over the youngest as well and you have nothing but insults to say . 
  raising the pension age ? 
  that 's a start ? 
  lol it has nothing to do with youngsters in fact it makes it worse because now older people are fighting for more jobs . 
  they just ignore it , which annoys me . 
  you talk about party lines then go out of your way to back the tories and not accept they 've done nothing to rectify the situation and if anything have contributed to it when empirical evidence supports it . 
  they 've cut funding to community groups , increased tuition fees and removed grants completely , for the youngest they 've cut them out of the living wage . 
  the oldest have benefited the most out of this recession and it 's aftermath they were barely touched but it was they who caused it , it 's the youngest in the society that 's going to be paying for it long after the oldest kick the bucket and the tories will go another decade or two before they get close to being in government again because we will remember . 
  i 'm blaming the tories for heaping even more issues on the youngest in society and knowingly doing it . 
  this is why i knew the tories were full of it , from day 1 they introduced higher tuition fees that they said were to be limited , yet universities continue to charge the maximum no matter how rubbish the course is . 
  they 've not done one good thing for the younger part of the public , it 's all been to prop up their aging voter base who are quite happy to blame the youth of society for all the problems and whine if they even suggest removing their free buss passes and such . 
  yeah so australia is in it but no uk . 
  why when the snp has been in power long enough to rectify it . 
  time to do some colonising , 
  very few eu migrants ? 
  birmingham has one of the largest polish communities in the country . 
  that 's it , had it with this reddit , i post opposite opinion and get down voted , down votes are for not contributing , i am contributing just i 'm just not towing the popular line .1, 
  i do n't think it 's revenge , just a natural occurrence after increased safety measures and the hot weather . 
  although i can see the reasoning behind why it could be revenge , spain did a similar thing to gibraltar . 
  what i want to know is why is there a general consensus in the eu that the uk 's suggestions on immigration and such are bad ideas ? 
  i mean suggestions such as calming immigration should n't just be for the uk but applied to the entirety of the eu because it 's quite obvious with the ongoing problems and the growing popularity across eu of anti immigration and such that perhaps it 's a good idea if the eu took step back for a chance to breathe to help calm the fears a lot of the european public are feeling ? 
  this way you 'll perhaps stem more exits of the eu happening . 
  ummm we are to . 
  should of made note of birmingham being more diverse than many other european cities to . 
  so is gibraltar . 
  we invented cricket and queuing , expediency is n't in our nature . 
  i would n't say inherently pro-enlightenment , the amount of wars member states of europe have had has basically been a high price to pay . 
  i think we 're over our period of hostilities between one another ( we use football for it now ) and basically the strife is now internal and that strife is balanced between protecting the citizens at all costs and a citizens right to freedom . 
  if this is true then it proves those who worry about governments utilising any sort of data retention by the likes of apple and microsoft right .
