  wales 's nationalist party plaid cymru is no where near as popular as the snp and there 's not that much enthusiasm for a split , beside the fact wales honestly could n't work without the helping of the rest of the uk , it 's to small and lacks the ability to support itself . 
  northern ireland has a long history of discontent with the rest of ireland , it 's hard enough keeping the peace but to think they 'd wilfully join the rest of ireland is a very very slim chance and equally it would n't go it alone either . 
  the united kingdom ? 
  yeah on ideological issues , but the snp quite literally want to split it up . 
  if the snp put as much effort into uniting the country around them by standing in other places south of the border they may very well get the country they wish . 
  i know for a fact a lot of people admire and support some of the policies the snp have however they ca n't vote for them . 
  it 'll be even harder this time considering they were proven wrong in regards to oil revenues and such . 
  i 'm sorry if i do n't find the snp trying for a second time to tear my country in half a positive thing . 
  it 's easy to defend a broad idea though , when they get to the specifics , like they did in the referendum campaign , they fell short in a number of areas . 
  new zealand recently voted to retain the country flag rather than change it , australia 's republicans have made their intentions known of having a referendum on the flag as well . 
  my opinion is during this change both countries would perhaps hold a referendum again to see whether to adopt the change in flag , keep the old flag despite the change or adopt a totally different flag . 
  scotland leaving would be a huge event in the history of the country and the world due to the history it 's had whilst part of the union . 
  my understanding is if scotland wanted to remain as part of the european union , even whilst the uk was still part of it , it would have to adopt the euro under the regulations of new countries joining europe . 
  during the campaign , many of the most prominent figures in the eu said scotland would n't be automatically part of the eu it would have join anew and with that comes the adoption of the euro . 
  i would n't know where to start on the naming , as it would have to include england , wales and northern ireland which is a bit to long if it went by `` the kingdom of england , wales and northern ireland '' maybe something like the british union ? 
  the flag would have to change to remove the cross of st andrew , which could be replaced by the addition of the cross of st david to symbolise wales . 
  as they are seceding from the union i believe the overseas territories would remain under the protection of the uk . 
  scotland would have to apply for it 's own seat on the un , as well as apply for membership of the eu ( which the eu indicated during the referendum ) . 
  it would retain a part of the uk 's debt as well . 
  exploiting the situation is a perfectly legitimate term to use in regards to the snp making the most of the brexit outcome . 
  the reason they could n't let them have the pound is for the simple fact scotland would n't be very independent if their central bank was the bank of england and the economic policy for scotland would n't be very good if it was reliant on the bank whose main duty is to the uk . 
  i should 've looked better , thanks , 
  they want to retain the queen and also the pound , that was their policy during the recent referendum campaign . 
  i wish i could find a link to today 's bbc 's daily politics , angus robertson was interviewed and you could clearly see the mindset of the snp , they will exploit any result of brexit , no matter how good the result is , to declare a second referendum . 
  unilever tried to force tescos to hike the prices on their products , tesco decided it would be better to outright refuse as this would garner support from their customers but also show unilever it ca n't demand tesco do anything . 
  appeasement does not work with countries who have arrogant leaders with the power to back them up . 
  quite the opposite , the eu said they would not play a part in the separation of a state and spain has made many comments heading it off due to the issue they have . 
  i think we should defend english speaking russians then . 
  the tories are being investigated for breaking electoral rules in regards to funding , the only seat they tried to fight in the courts were the one farage tried to win , definitely something dodgy going on with them . 
  good for tourism from abroad at least . 
  when ever i 'm reminded of wwii and wwi for that matter , i 'm filled with a sense of guilty , sadness and anger . 
  guilt because i know i 'll never be half the man that those who fought in these wars were , sadness that this could ever happen and anger that it happened at all . 
  as i said , there was already a thread about it and there 's been countless others about the doom and gloom of the uk economy and it dropping to sixth based on faulty premises . 
  thinking on it , the uk can just threaten to veto everything and refuse to leave the eu until it gets good terms . 
  yes they used the value but the correct way they used it was `` we send # 350 million to europe a week , let 's fund our nhs instead '' now the # 350mill does n't factor in the rebate but it could be argued we have to send # 350 net to europe before the rebate is applied . 
  however the idea it was promised to be spent on the nhs is false , they implied the money could be spent on the nhs but it was never promised that the money we save would be spent on the nhs . 
  the entire thing though requires the reader to draw their own educated conclusion from it . 
  i know it 's nitpicky but this is what it 's like when it comes to legal arguments etc. 
  the problem is that was n't exactly what was said and it was n't a promise it was a suggestion and a suggestion from people who had no power to enforce it anyway . 
  then the remain campaign would be sued to due to that rubbish leaflet they used tax payers funds to send to every one and was full of nonsense . 
  umm that 's what i 've been saying . 
  tories care more about what people with money say than what the people want it 's always been that way . 
  the point of nuclear weapons is you are willing to use them if someone attacks us , it 's the threat that is the protection , telling everyone you would never ever use them negates the point of them . 
  that 's not my point , my point is we 're living in a world where unelected people in the form of corporations have more power and say in the world than the people . 
  i completely accept they can do what they do , i just do n't like it . 
  because people with a vested interest do n't want him to be electable . 
  also some of his personal views include getting rid of our nuclear armaments , he 's quoted as saying he ca n't think of a single scenario we 'd ever use them . 
  sorry but what side of the fking war were you on ? 
  stfu , churchill looks like a saint compared to what your country got up to or turned a blind eye to . 
  apparently one dutch ship netted a quarter of england 's fishing quota because holland holds 23 of our permits . 
  mega corporations throwing their weight around again and interfering in the affairs of government , i hate the world we live in . 
  i think i read some where the uk ordered some aircraft from the us but ca n't recall , anyone fill me in ? 
  we 'd rather do it to a frenchie tho :p, 
  part of me thinks that because the rich did n't react and address the wealth inequality in the country that this is the result . 
  ok but give us all the money we 've contributed to the budget if we 've half-assing everything . 
  `` i 'll just pick a statistic out of thin air that sounds bad but is really not '', 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  this is about people feeling they have the right to attack foreigners , before the referendum they probably attacked other people for other reasons now it 's polish people , for example suspected paedophiles where attacked when it was going through the news cycle , soldiers were attacked due to opposition to the iraq war etc etc. 
  it 's not representative of the entirety of the uk , it 's just become more relevant due to the referendum and brexit . 
  there 's hostility because some people feel that europeans come here to work but end up sitting on the doll with benefits . 
  history suggests a combined response is better than a piece meal response . 
  there 's only two armies in europe that can send emergency forces in a large number at short notice and that 's france and the uk . 
  the us does have forces here but they need the logistical support of the uk and france whilst more forces are sent to reinforce those already present . 
  so yes the uk is important even if you do not believe so . 
  i think that 's more to do with the fact during the plantagenet era we owned like half of france . 
  erm he 's partially right i suppose ? 
  the sun and moon both contribute to the tide depending on the distance , of course the moon has more of an impact but the sun does as well . 
  no need to be bitter over the ashes . 
  normans were n't french and we just have to remind you of everything after 1066 where you 've been on the losing side . 
  because they have better experience at handling such affairs on a corporate level considering the amount of time london as been at the centre of it all . 
  plus you 're at less of a risk of getting retroactive tax penalties and the uk as a whole , despite my dislike of it , is more open to make concessions on tax payments as long as you actually pay the money agreed . 
  it 's actually better to do business outside of your own country than on it because of all the legal ramification etc that 's why london is already a hub , it 's not because it 's a gate way to europe it 's because of the legal processes , the taxes etc etc. 
  it 's in the uk 's interest to have a strong nato , not a nato diluted by an eu army . 
  we 're allowed to do things that are in our best interests till then . 
  i would however say that it 's in the entirety of the eu 's best interest if they start spending the 2 % in the first place before doing anything else . 
  each country spends the required amount that nato has set down , which is 2 % of their gdp . 
  then you can talk about sub organising an eu army if you really need it . 
  we already have it though and you 're not meeting the needs of it . 
  it 's more like creating a hq for a non existent army . 
  spend money on the fundamentals first . 
  i think it 's because the eu has been kicking its feet in regards to military spend for nato and instead of actually funding it they decide to go in an opposite direction . 
  ummm the prime minister might of said he wanted turkey but the possibility of turkey joining the eu is why a lot of people voted to leave . 
  i 'm literally not going to bother with you any more , you 're nothing more than a troll . 
  you have no idea how stupid it is to use a vote to elect a comedian to a position of power for so many reasons , it makes a fool out of yourself , your country and it shows to everyone else they 're not to take you seriously . 
  we elected farage because we were eurosceptic and say what you may about him , he held the eu to account . 
  this guy is a waste of space . 
  stop equating it as simply leaving a club it 's a lot more complicated than that . 
  you 're ignoring the fact the person leaving the club contributed the second most of all the members . 
  telling someone they need to educate themselves , implies said person is uneducated or in layman 's terms `` stupid '' . 
   how about educating yourself first before spouting something ? 
  personal insult . 
  someone failed maths . 
  the eu needs to decide which is more important , the prosperity of the eu or the need to force free movement on countries . 
  i 'm talking about junker prior to the referendum or the way you swatted away our attempts at reform . 
  the one chance you get to elect and you elect a comedian , it 's basically bringing it all into disrepute . 
  i do n't need to educate myself , i think you need to educate yourself as you seem to feel you need to resort to personal insults a lot . 
  the leaders of the eu did nothing to help reinforce the view the eu was such an amazing project , they did the opposite . 
  poldark is pretty good but it 's on second season now . 
  peaky blinders maybe , war and peace . 
  robot wars ?
