  if it was so bad then why treat us like rubbish when we try to renegotiate and reform the eu ? 
  they did n't shout we love isis they shouted `` where are you isis '' . 
  150 russians behind the violence , none arrested , said by french prosecutor http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-36515213, 
  england fans showed they ai n't allowing the terrorism get to them . 
  plus it was 150 russians behind the violence http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-36515213, 
  150 russians behind the violence , none arrested . 
  everyone is reporting it , bbc , itv , sky , channel 4 etc etc. 
  obama , merkel , imf the list goes on nothing optimistic all scare mongering . 
  stop ? 
  i 've not seen any ass kissing , in fact all i 've see even fear mongering and threats , not once has a foreign country said anything positive about the uk , all they 've said is you 'll go to the back of the line for trade deals , you 'll enter recession , the world will end , world war 3 will start etc etc. 
  we pay our share and since our economy is growing the eu keeps asking for more and more . 
  that does n't mean you deliberately point the finger at them when ever it happens , especially when evidence suggests the opposite . 
  try looking at your marseille ultras who instigated it all . 
  considering the reports i 'm hearing is that england fans were having a nice time , then some in pubs got attacked by locals with flares and such , then the french police charged the english fans after they retaliated and the russians got involved to . 
  the fix is on, 
  forfeit your right to determine what happens at home when you do n't contribute . 
  lol classic example of why the eu does n't work , even when it has it 's interest in mind it still messes it up . 
  there 's no wit or subtlety , it 's just in your face insults . 
  i 'm traditionally a labour supporter and i want to leave the eu . 
  the use of the term deserters is not the best choice of words especially with so many `` war '' related comments made by both remain and leave mps recently . 
  it 's hard to take his comments as anything but a threat as well as proof of the eu 's overarching view of controlling every country . 
  it 's precisely how people vote though they , the individual , take the leader of the party into consideration when they individually vote . 
  i myself admire corbyn but i disagree with his foreign policy immensely that 's why i do n't know if i 'll vote for him , but i wo n't be voting for the tories come what may . 
  if you say `` well the party makes the policies '' well look at may and the snoopers charter she pushed that forward as soon as she was in power despite during cameron 's government it was put on the back burner . 
  the video wo n't show for me . 
  i 'm just watching the coverage from the bbc news channel . 
  bbc just said russia is claiming he shouted `` allahu akbar '' before doing it . 
  people in the uk vote for a party depending on who would be leading them , yes you only vote for a mp but to say the leader does n't have an impact on voters choice is to ignore history , ed miliband being a prime example . 
  he was shot in the back , told every one to leave the gallery then shot him several more times and then said something a long the lines of `` for aleppo '' . 
  bbc is saying he 's passed away . 
  is n't he the one whose leaving eu politics for national politics ? 
  as a % of gdp . 
  i was just pointing out the problem some people had with it , i myself did n't really care . 
  i 'm traditionally a labour supporter but i do n't think i 'll be able to vote for him . 
  germany is free to do more if it likes . 
  we 'll leave and take our armed forces with us . 
  let u handle defence for yourselves . 
  what i think is that the government has been to reliant on the banking system and london as a whole and it needs to think about the rest of the country so the country as a whole makes money , not just rely on london to bankroll it . 
  i hate corporate lobbying and blackmailing sovereign states into doing something that 's bad for the people just so they can make a profit . 
  then fair do that , but do n't demand the government to tell them their plans , if they are that worried then go . 
  that does n't give bankers the right to demand clarify under threat of removing jobs . 
  there was plenty of discussion about what it would be like after the eu but cameron through his idiotic hubris decided not to do anything official for it . 
  the people voted knowing full well we 'd be out of europe and out of the single market , cameron , osborne , clegg , boris , farage or said it during interviews . 
  google as well . 
  that memo was not from the government it was from a firm trying to drum up business . 
  mcdonalds , apple and others . 
  well now they have a reason to shift their focus do n't they . 
  it 's clear the uk is a great place to do business considering all the large names moving their hqs here . 
  you only think it 's flailing about because it suits your narrative , not disclosing out position is a negotiating tactic , you want us to show our hand before it 's even started ? 
  i do n't get this community , one minute you 're cursing banks and the reliance on banks after the banking crisis , and the next minute you 're for banks when it comes to a country not indulging their every whims . 
  and that 's a problem . 
  the government has put it 's eggs in one basket , it 's time they diversify for the sake of the country 's future . 
  the uk 's negotiating position will be clear once negotiations have started , until then thinking you 're going to get clarity on anything is a pipe dream . 
  london is n't the be all and end all of the uk and it 's time they understand that . 
  sorry but we do n't answer to japanese banks . 
  they stopped because they wanted to make sure the allied forces did n't try to break out and hoped they 'd surrender . 
  the british successfully evacuated over 330,000 soldiers despite being surrounded and being attacked from the air repeatedly . 
  the majority of the ships that evacuated the soldiers were of civilian origin and manned by civilians , it 's one of the defining points in the war for the british and is pointed to as an example of the stiff upper lip and defiance the uk holds dear to it 's heart , a long with withstanding the blitz . 
  yes , it 's at the beginning of world war 2 after the british expeditionary force and elements of the french army were pushed to the beaches of dunkirk after the german blitzkrieg . 
   man who raped child in swimming pool because it was ' a sexual emergency ' has balls cut off on appeal ftfy, 
  the reason i think scone as in cone sounds fancy is that it 's smoother , where as scon sounds a bit more rough and simple . 
  from birmingham , i say scone as in gone , scone as in cone sounds to fancy . 
  wait i thought we would be losing business not gaining business after the brexit decision . 
  i 'm not good with economics but would issues with the euro benefit the pound not make it worse ? 
  or has it done that and the pound is recovering vs the euro ? 
  i think a lot of people are misunderstanding these comments and rulings , the judge is simply commenting on the families chosen style of life and upholding their right to that life , you may not agree with that style of life but it 's not illegal . 
  i 'm not a supporter of ukip ( their domestic policies are pretty much hard line conservative in nature ) but i did vote to leave . 
  i do n't think people really care any more , we under stand what he wanted to achieve and he went through a lot to do it , so he can do what ever he likes now . 
  the title could n't be any more wrong if it tried . 
  and britain wo n't vote for brexit . 
  uh for anyone not familiar with italian ( like me ) you 'd think this was about electing a president , no idea what a pandoro or panettone is . 
   persecuted millions ironic . 
  total bull , it would never come to that , if it did there would be protests on an unprecedented level and ruin the party who did it for decades to come . 
  not entirely true , the west midlands which has roughly the second highest migrant community in the country voted to leave . 
  not until extremely recently afaik , it was one of the things cameron was able to negotiate prior to the referendum , it was the only thing of note . 
  i 'm not even sure if it 's been implemented though due to the brexit vote . 
  previously though all you had to do was show up and claim . 
  i was simply responding to livinglegend69 's point that they 'd be quick to leave again if they did n't have a job . 
  now you 're beginning to see our point . 
  they would n't leave because our out of work benefits are still equal to or more than what they 'd receive in their country of origin most of the time , yes we had some slight changes but it 's still not an adequate answer to the issue . 
  half the devolved powers that scotland has the ability to implement of their own volition are not used by the snp because it does n't suit the narrative . 
  likewise they 've blew several important things by themselves , such as the china `` scottish shambles '' and scotrail . 
  have n't been campaigning on it ? 
  every second sentence from nicola sturgeon is about independence , the first being scotland being dragged out of the eu . 
  did you watch question time when it was in scotland , i was surprised how hostile some scottish voters have become in regards to a second referendum , even those who voted to leave the first time are getting sick and tired of it . 
  angela merkel and donald tusk on tuesday united to block theresa may 's attempt to fast-track a deal which would have created an amnesty for british ex-pats and eu migrants in the uk post-brexit . 
  mrs may had proposed that eu workers currently living in the uk be allowed to remain in exchange for an agreement which gives british expats in the european union the same rights . 
  she had hoped to announce a deal within weeks but while more than 20 eu nations have signalled they are prepared to agree to a reciprocal arrangement , mrs merkel has rebuffed mrs may 's attempts to come to an agreement . 
  her position was then backed by the president of the european council , mr tusk , who on tuesday said that mrs may and british voters had created `` anxiety and uncertainty '' for migrants . 
  he told mrs may she must trigger article 50 -- the formal mechanism for leaving the european union -- immediately to dispel those fears . 
  mrs may has previously been criticised for failing to guarantee the rights of european migrants currently in the uk , but as it emerged that mrs merkel and mr tusk were behind the hold up , eurosceptic mps accused them of `` playing politics with people 's lives '' . 
  iain duncan smith , a tory mp and former work and pensions secretary , said : `` donald tusk is only interested in his own power and authority , he has no interest in the needs of ordinary people . 
  `` he is using people as a human shield against the uk , it 's a pathetic position to be in . 
  these people should be given the right to remain . 
  `` they are operating like the old soviet system -- it 's structured around absolute authority at the centre . 
  they do n't care for people or democracy . 
  it is reprehensible , bizarre and sad . 
  i must say that i 'm astonished that they would want to play games with people 's lives '' . 
  the refusal of mrs merkel and mr tusk to negotiate over the issue means mrs may will be unable to guarantee the status of migrants until she formally triggers article 50 and begins the formal process of exiting the european union . 
  it is also evidence that mrs may 's attempts to negotiate a deal for britain before it triggers article 50 are likely to be extremely fraught .
