  still i believe in the sovereignty of the country first and foremost . 
  i voted to leave but even i 'm slightly scared of what happens next if we leave . 
  well for those who want to leave to some it 's down to sovereignty , the right for our courts and laws to be the end of the line , there 's also the idea that in a global market the eu is shrinking and becoming more protectionist and leaving will allow us to `` exploit '' the wider market . 
  for remain the belief is we 're stronger when we work together , that we benefit massively by being part of the single market , that the free movement is good overall , that it 's better to be involved in europes decision making than looking in . 
  there 's a lot more to both , such as to much immigration is putting pressure on our services , whilst remain believes immigration is overall a positive . 
  anyone know if this is being covered on the us networks at all yet ? 
  fife 59 % remain, 
  i 'm fine with you asking questions . 
  the consensus is short term downturn , long term upturn . 
  allowed to make trade deals without having over 20 other countries trying to defend their interests . 
  every vote literally counts here . 
  could be till around 7 o clock or more , takes ages here for some reason , we do n't have the volunteers . 
  pro leave party ukip threatened the tories by taking votes , cameron ( prime minister ) promised referendum if they got a majority , they did , he went to renegotiate with the eu they gave him barely anything to take back to the people and now we 're here . 
  all of west midlands results so far have voted for leave west midlands is one of the most densely populated areas in the uk . 
  first time in england it 's been over 50 % for anything i believe . 
  many thought remain would be ahead by now but it 's touch and go and leave are gaining more votes than expected in areas where as remain areas are on par or below . 
  theresa villiers thinks only people with degrees understand the risk and vote for remain . 
  richmond upon thames 69 % for remain . 
  tata steel issue probably would of influenced some , although it 's not entirely the eu 's fault . 
  st albans 63 % remain castlepoint 73 % leave, 
  more to come . 
  liverpool vote remain 58 %, 
  john mcdonald points to the areas who are voting leave as those who have not benefited from the economic recovery due to the current government . 
  north west leicestershire votes leave 61 %, 
  north east lincolnshire 70 % leave, 
  hammersmith and fulham 70 % remain . 
  i personally think the remain campaign played it wrong , they showed no optimism or at the very least not much optimism compared to the amount of fear invoking spiel they ended up using . 
  i said earlier many will be surprised how euro-sceptic the city is . 
  62 % for leave in barking and dagenham, 
  which you already have . 
  wandsworth votes 75 % for remain, 
  swansea first area to switch from estimated vote from remain to leave . 
  lambeth is the first good news for remain with 79 % . 
  i do n't get scotland , it does n't want any involvement from west minster but is perfectly happy being dictated to by people across a sodding sea . 
  north warwickshire remain - 33 % leave 67 %, 
  it 's not about money , it 's about the principle , you ca n't bribe people . 
  you bluffed us , we called your bluff , sorry . 
  leave the first to break a million , someone from labour contacted bbc to say the vote outside of london will swing the ref in favour of leave . 
  more areas coming in quick now i wo n't be able to keep up with them all . 
  basildon votes leave 69 %, 
  hartlepool may have 69 % for leave . 
  lagan valley northern ireland votes 53 % to leave . 
  dundee votes 60 % to remain . 
  northern england seems to be well behind leave . 
  it 's difficult to predict since this has never happened before so there 's no historical evidence to base predictions on apart from polls which have been notoriously been bad as of late . 
  not for a long time afaik . 
  it 's difficult because the snp already promised it was once in a generation chance , however when have promises ever been kept in a campaign at the end of the day it 'll come down to whether the scottish public really want to go through it again . 
  south tyneside votes leave 62 %, 
  alex salmond already prepping for second scotland referendum on bbc coverage . 
  remain winning smaller areas whilst so far leave have had the pick of the higher populated areas . 
  basildon expected to vote leave by around 70 %, 
  kettering votes to leave 61 % to 39 % . 
  angela eagle accepts labour 's voice did not get through on bbc coverage . 
  gibraltar and isle of scilly the only optimistic results for remain so far according to john curtice but isle of scilly is smallest region . 
  rest of england and i think the uk are fed up of london having such grip on the country . 
  i do n't know , the two next biggest cities are further north and i do n't think they are as pro remain as people think they are . 
  broxbourne 66 % leave, 
  i do n't think birmingham will be as pro remain as people think which is the second city . 
  swindon results : remain - 512020 45 % / leave - 617045 55 %, 
  bbc studio commenting on london being countered by the rest of england during this referendum . 
  leave campaigners in north warwickshire say they believe they have 70 % of the vote . 
  no chance in hell of that happening . 
  every remainer questioned in the bbc news studio is quite shaky after newcastle and sunderland results . 
  sterling down by 6 % . 
  the early optimism for remain that was based on polls has dipped after recent votes by newcastle and sunderland . 
  sterling has fallen from 1.50 to 1.48 in the dollar in last minute a lone . 
  leave take lead for the first time of the night as sunderland favours exit by 61 %, 
  sunderland reports leave 61 % remain 39 %, 
  clackmannanshire votes 42 % leave 58 % remain . 
  john curtice says newcastle should of favoured remain a lot more than the result was after months of analysis . 
  inferring that only stupid people vote for out and there 's more stupid people than smart people , i know it 's poor ai n't it . 
  reports on bbc from the counting indicate a marginal result for remain , that is all they said . 
  carswell of ukip criticising ukip leader nigel farage for the poster he released concerning refugees entering europe . 
  there 's a difference , scottish independence i knew for a fact was based on a lie , north sea oil would n't of been enough to secure their independent nature , and they wanted the pound and wanted to remain in the eu . 
  the uk however is the 5th large economy in the world so could easily survive and prosper by itself . 
  marginal result for remain in newcastle, 
  96 % voted to remain , 4 % voted to leave in gibraltar . 
  i voted to leave , if we do n't leave i understand the benefits of the eu , but i 'll be worried for the future , we 've given up our chance to take control of our own future and i do n't see the eu ever taking us seriously ever again once we 've voted to stay . 
  no reforms will happen , the eu will continue to ignore the will of the people in favour of ever greater power and the interests of multi nationals . 
  people are making to much of what he 's saying . 
  who would use a pencil , i thought you had to use a pen otherwise it 'll be considered invalid ? 
  the british print media is the opposite to our televised media . 
  you know why the uk has come to this point ? 
  because the way we 're treated is exactly the same way euro-sceptics are treated in this subreddit . 
  you put across your point of view and then get down voted for it , your voice is continuously dismissed just because theres a high percentage of people who are pro-europe and anything they do n't agree with is not contributing to the discussion . 
  yeah because a pillar can really be a country that requires being bailed out . 
  like there 's such a major difference , even those outside of the eurozone but within the eu ended up having to contribute to the bail out . 
  before you join the eu you have to basically to do due diligence , the eu either wilfully turned a blind eye to it or they did a bad job . 
  greece lying is not an adequate excuse it shows just how poor the eu was run if greece could simply lie and get accepted , if greece can do it what about every other country that is trying to join or has joined since ? 
  if you ignore him for long enough then you should expect the ceiling to fall in and him to say told you so . 
  we do n't want you because you blow planes out of the sky and cause international incidents let alone the fact your human rights are awful . 
  but the eu did nothing compassionate about fixing the problem , greece should n't of been in the eu from the start it did n't fit the criteria , but the eu 's lust for ever expanding power over people was to much and they made an exception that came back to bite them on the ass . 
  if the uk is one of the three pillars that keeps the eu then you should of realised it was serious . 
  many want the uk because they counter germany or france but the balance went to far the other way and germany and france started running the show and you ended up with greece in trouble and being forced at gun point to do what they are told . 
  if you ignore the uks wishes this is what you get , if you 're not willing to compromise and just dismiss our views , this is what you get . 
  like what the eu did to greece ? 
  so much for once in a generation  . <, 
  yeah that 's right send the cards to london ... which is overwhelming already pro europe , waste of time . 
  there goes the whole `` we can reform if we stay in '' argument . 
  this is kind of what leave has been saying all along , but many in remain have been talking down the uk bargaining power as if we 've got none at all .
