soapy brexit ... like in soap opera ? 
  they will exit eu , they will not , they will , they will not ... neverending story ... 
  this is the first snow in this winter . 
  ground is still relatively warm and melts first snow , especially if there is only some of it and there is no frost ( or temperature is only about -1 / -2 degrees of celsius ) . 
  there is an error - centennial hall is n't in warsaw - it 's in wroc\u0142aw . 
  it 's logical - he has a power and money , so he is attractive for turkish women . 
  but i assume that this is true only for turkish edition of glamour magazine . 
  poland is also omitted . 
  i think that doctor is only scapegoat who is defending against detection of norwegian national doping system in cross contry skiing . 
  why ? 
  we even have name for this part of year - polish golden autumn ... 
  they grow up - they want to have 500 developers in warsaw and cracow . 
  now they have about 300-350 . 
  owners of cd projekt sold it to the optimus , that was noted at warsaw stock exchange , for controlling stake of stocks in optimus . 
  and then they merged both firms and renamed it back to cd projekt . 
  so when you write about history of optimus , theirs problems with tax office and practical bankruptcy ( althought they stayed at stock exchange ) , and you are trying to say that this is cd projekt who did it , you tight bends the truth ... 
  are you talking about optimus or cd projekt ? 
  yes , we use word `` drugi '' for the `` second '' now . 
  but there is also obsolete word `` wt\u00f3ry '' . 
  my country - poland - was in situation like kurds , when for more than 100 years we fought in several uprisings against three world empires to regain independence , and like turkey - when in years 1920-1939 we tried to forcibly assimilate ukrainians . 
  this was one of the reasons of volhynian slaughter during second world war . 
  when you treat other nations as second-class citizens , when you try to destroy their national identity they start to fight for their rights . 
  when there is huge disparity in strength - they start fight as guerrilla . 
  when you use disproportionate power against them and do not pay attention to civilian casualties , because they support the enemy , they will strike back with terror against your civilians . 
  and next there is hate and vengeance . 
  and next there can be ethnic cleasing and genocide ... do you really want to go this way ? 
  because you do n't want to see what your goverment did to these people . 
  you do n't want to see that in the east of your country your army is leveling to the ground kurdish towns and villages . 
  you used your country and it 's army to destruction of kurdish nationality . 
  you treated them as second-class citizens by decades . 
  you condemn kurdish terrorism , why do n't you do the same when your nationals do much more by tanks , howitzers and airplanes against cities and villages in east of your country ? 
  because the victims are not turks ? 
  hmmm ... you sound like a brainwashed turkish chauvinist , who for decades tried to destroy kurdish nationality . 
  you ca n't solve this conflict by force - your goverments tried this for for several decades . 
  turkey must resolve the conflict through political - give kurds autonomy , change turkey in country of two nations , recognize kurdish as an official state language ... 
  if you do n't do this - you will have the guerrillas and terrorists in country for the next several decades . 
  there is no pis ( ruling party in poland ) in warsaw , masovian and \u0141\u00f3d\u017a voiedships local authorities ... so he will have to get over it . 
  maybe because you are paid for it ? 
  where in constitution is article that allow to remove appointed judges of constitutional tribunal ? 
  or where is article that allow to not publish its decisions ? 
  where is article that allow to control the judgments of the courts by the executive or legislative ? 
  you are spreading bullsith . 
  i do n't know if you are paid troll or you are beneficiary of pis rule - who received job because of supporting of pis , but i think that you do n't write those lies disinterestedly . 
  and read article 195 . 
  hmm ... do you think if you will repeat the same bullshit 1000 times it will become true ? 
  pis vulgarly and deliberately are trying to destroy constitutional tribunal and you are trying to to twist everything round . 
  i hope that in a few years president duda , prime minister szyd\u0142o and minister kempa will be convicted and will go to prison for attempt to destroy democracy in poland . 
  from polish press : - there is a world youth day in krak\u00f3w , there will be several houndred of thousands ( or more ) people at meeting with the pope francis - police checks places where will be pilgrims and pope , and in one place the explosives detection dog detected traces of explosive substances in one flat close to the route of the pope - they found , that this flat was rented by iraqi , who also rented several other flats in krak\u00f3w - all close to the route of the pope - this iraqi also rented flat in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a and rented also place in hostel in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a - police detained the man and found remains of explosive substances on his hands and clothes ( c4 and penthrite [ petn ] ) - they did n't find explosives in his flates - the detained man had a list of supermarkets and malls in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a - police checked it in night with explosives detection dog , but found nothing - the detained man was recently in sweden - he was expelled from it , and before that - in switzerland . 
  - the man was arrested for 2 months for illegal possesion of explosives . 
  he can be convicted for 8 years in prison . 
  so compare both regimes . 
  but do you know , that usrr started killing poles even before 2 world war ? 
  how about polish operation of the nkvd ( 1937 -- 38 ) ? 
  ethnic cleansing that destroyed polish miniority in belarus . 
  from wikipedia : `` it is estimated that polish losses in the ukrainian ssr were about 30 % , while in the belorussian ssr ... the polish minority was almost completely annihilated . '', 
  it was about 110k people killed ( mostly men - breadwinners , so there was more victims because of hunger ) and about 30k was sentenced to labor camps . 
  about 200-250k poles from usrr lost live before war . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_ ( 1937 % e2 % 80 % 9338 ) and polish historians claim that soviet ocuppation in years 1939-1941 was more harsh than german one ( this was before nazis started to create extermination camps and took terains occupied by usrr before ) . 
  both soviets and nazis were evil - at different rates in different years . 
  more likely to polish one ... 
  and this shows you do n't understand anything about minority rights . 
  allegro was sold in previous year for 3,25 bn $ . 
  it had about 14-18 m visiting users monthly and about 40 % of ecommerce market in poland, 
  the rule is that you must treat all companies in your country the same . 
  any public aid to any company must be first accepted by eu - they check if this does affect competitiveness or not . 
  ireland offered apple special tax rates , much lower than other companies pay in this country , without acceptance by eu - so apple was more competetive than their market competitors , so it 's forbidden public aid and apple must return those money to ireland . 
  before 2nd world war about 10 % of population of poland was jews, 
  better make independent free city kaliningrad , in ue , without russian army ... 
  literally baltic singapore ... 
  not really . 
  there is less than 200 bears in polish mountains and they avoid people . 
  it 's funny - most countries in europe have higher highest points than czechia , one of most mountainous countries in europe . 
  in 1945 about 53 % of all officers of polish army in east were russian citizens `` rented '' from red army , the higher rank - the higher procentage of soviet officers ( 54 generals from 63 , 228 colonels from 309 ) . 
  in 1949 there was a start of purge of polish army - some of the prewar polish officers that were accepted to new army after 1945 were arrested , tortured , convicted in show trials and executed . 
  before 1956 polish army was completly controlled by usrr . 
  if you went to school in nineties or earlier the russian language was mandatory . 
  i learned it too but i do n't use it anymore , even to read russian websites - i autotranslate them to english , although my english was much worse than my russian in school . 
  why ? 
  because of cirilic letters . 
  i ca n't read them - my eyes start to weeping when i try do decipher them . 
  i do n't have this problem with texts in other slavic languages written in latin script . 
  in addition to movies there is also ebook at allegro site ( unfortunately only in polish language ) . 
  according to story from book the devil boruta was one of the slavic deamons , who tricked and next imprisoned slavic goods . 
  he betrayed them because he had agreement with christian god , and for prize he become director of hell in poland - the prison for supernaturals and souls of bad people . 
  in one of the previous movies mr. twardowsky broke electronic security of the hell and some of the monsters imprisoned there escaped from their cells in the hell . 
  baba yaga was one of them . 
  movies from series `` polish legends '' have connected plots with each other . 
  in one of previous movies she was released from the cell in the hell and she escaped . 
  the devil boruta is trying to persuade her to return to prison , but baba yaga ( the witch/supernatural being from slavic folklore ) has other idea . 
  poland after i ww : - 1837k destroyed buildings ( 500k residential buildings , 6,6 k schools , 2k churches ) - about 30 % of property in poland were destroyed in i ww - about 300-400k killed civilians , and there were also additional victims of famine and diseases - about 400k soldiers drafted from area of poland were killed in i ww, 
  you think about polish version - pierogi ruskie ( ruthenian pierogi ) , that have both those ingredients in the filling . 
  it 's russian agression against ukraine , limited in scale . 
  but because both of fighting countries - ukraina and russia - pretend that it 's civil war , the conflict did n't transform to full scale war between both countries ( this would rave very serious consequences for both of them , so they try to limit them by pretending ) . 
  it does n't matter what macierewicz told - one week he is saying one thing , next week he denies himself , another one - he is saying something else totally different than two previous versions . 
  and there is also msbs project , that will be introduced to polish army after certification ( probably in this or next year ) . 
  you do n't understand . 
  it 's not about that aa systems were designed 40 years ago . 
  it 's about that polish systems were produced 40 years ago . 
  the missiles in those systems are almost 40 years old . 
  we have modernized kub ( sa-6 ) and newa ( sa-3 ) , but they are almost 40 years old .
