  oh , wait , that is old already . 
  now it is also supposed to also cover all other groups in society that are oppressed , like gays and queers and even men in some ways . 
  ( not people oppressed by race yet though ? ), 
  those `` radfeminists '' might be few , but they are loud . 
  in the same way as a few very loud and rabid mras make anything that even resembles that movement look bad those `` radfeminists '' do hurt feminism . 
  i am perfectly aware that the term `` patriarchy '' means to feminists something very different from the tradition meaning ( 1 ) . 
  that does n't change the fact that what everyone that is n't reasonably educated about modern feminism hear is `` men are oppressors that oppress women and it is all men 's fault '' . 
  the guy that always tried to treat women as equals , just lost his job and the custody of his children and , at that point , definitely does n't feel very powerful , might object when he hears that his misery is caused by `` patriarchy '' . 
  ( 1 ) from my mac 's built in dictionary : patriarchy a system of society or government in which the father or eldest male is head of the family and descent is traced through the male line . 
  \u2022 a system of society or government in which men hold the power and women are largely excluded from it . 
  \u2022 a society or community organized in this way . 
  maybe you did that claim somewhere , i do n't care to find everything you write . 
  but that had nothing to do with the comment i replied to . 
  i want you to back up the statements `` they 're not indicative of society as a whole '' and `` he sort of thinking is taught to them by ... men , again '' . 
  in particular the second one i consider to be bullshit . 
  of course we need to suck it up some of time , or even most . 
  but there are reasons that men are much more likely to kill themselves . 
  sometimes we do need to vent and show a little bit of self pity without feeling that it diminishes our value in the eye of the people we love . 
   this is why noone is going after men or women specifically i would n't use the word `` no one '' . 
  i know that there is far from a most feminists that do blame only men , but those that do do show their ugly faces quite regularly ( e.g. 
  mantonization ) . 
  i think `` patriarchy '' is a horribly badly chosen word by modern feminists . 
  historically it signified men oppressing women , and that is the connotations it still has , even though most feminists nowadays say that they fight against all forms of gender oppression , regardless if it is women oppressing men or men oppressing women etc. 
  well , i have certainly never claimed it was your opinion , whoever you are . 
  my problem with mantonization is that he/she most likely disagree with you . 
  in his/her worldview there are two gender teams and only one of them is at fault . 
  i do n't see how anything of that is relevant to anything i said . 
  i do think it is the girls . 
  sorry for answering every fucking comment of yours , but they are plain wrong and pisses me off . 
  i do n't know what you get those notions from ? 
  they are contrary to all my experiences in life . 
  do you have anything that support what you say , or do they just come from some primitive idea of `` men bad , women good '' . 
  here you are just wrong . 
  my male friends are much more sympathetic to me or any other men showing weakness than any of the women i know . 
  it 's the women that ask us to just suck it up . 
  swedes are still ruled by quite a bit of traditional values . 
  men are expected to take a bigger part of childcare and other traditionally female roles than in the rest of the world . 
  that does n't mean that swedish men are allowed to be as sensitive as women . 
  we are still expected to suck it up . 
  easy if you know swedish . 
  if you pull out your guns you must be prepared to use it . 
  that is not a straw man . 
  probably did n't elukka think that far , but the stupidity of that was exactly what i pointed out with the sarcasm . 
  i did n't say that elukka is an evil person that want the police to shoot people in the back . 
  i said that elukka is a stupid person because it did n't occur to him that if you try to apprehend people by pointing guns at them you must be prepared to shoot them if they do n't comply . 
  ( or at least be in a position where people might believe that you will shoot them if they do n't comply . 
  the swedish police is n't in that situation . ), 
  you seem to agree that elukka 's plan is stupid . 
  i do n't understand why you try to defend him . 
  they are smart enough to not pull their guns out if there is n't a big chance that they have to use them . 
  if even you can figure out that the police wo n't use their weapons , i 'm sure that the hooligans can do the same . 
  so exactly what is the not very stupid part of elukka 's plan to try to apprehend the hooligans by gun point ? 
  he did suggest that the police point their guns at them . 
  what do you suggest would be the next step then ? 
  i added the sarcasm tag since it clearly was n't obvious enough . 
  for the same reason that when british soccer fans riots we do n't call them white christians . 
  it 's just not relevant . 
  that is an excellent idea . 
  pull out the guns and tell them to stop and then you just shot those that run in the back . 
  i 'm sure that will calm down the situation . 
  sweden has a very wide definition of rape . 
  see assange . 
  this is not riots in the sense you imagine where a big group of rioters throw stones and burn things in plain sight . 
  this is small groups that move around a lot and set things on fire when there are n't any police around . 
  it 's not that easy to identify and apprehend the perpetrators in cases like this . 
  \u00d6rebro is a small town and i guess they had sent some of their policemen to reinforce the ones in stockholm . 
  it 's extremely easy to whitelist a site with ad-block . 
  i usually let ads through on sites i frequent a lot as long as the ads are n't obnoxious . 
  as soon as i see something blinking or animated , or even worse , something that pops up in front of what i 'm reading , i block the ads again . 
  should have been few , not five . 
  do n't think he was going on that long . 
  sweden is most of the time a very quiet place . 
  a few years ago i moved to south africa and read in the local news how foreigners were burned alive in xenophobia attacks . 
  at the same time the dominating news for several weeks in the swedish papers was that one of the major supermarket chains had sold old ground meat . 
  before leaving sweden i though it was very small and boring place . 
  after a few years abroad i have learned to appreciate boring . 
  yes , `` quite upset '' was an understatement . 
  as a cat owner myself understand the sentiments . 
  rather too big thumbs . 
   fem -  few, 
  it turned out to be a 16 year old kid that had been torturing and killing i think it was 9 cats the last ~ ~ fem ~ ~ few months . 
  people were quite upset . 
  it is . 
  you can always put on another layer of clothes . 
  there is a limit to how many layers you can peel off . 
  no , it is n't . 
  there just is n't any law or other that regulates how to leave ez . 
  joining the ez was supposed to be irreversible , so there just is n't any provision for how it can or should be done . 
  why ca n't they leave ez without leaving eu first ? 
  insats careful to write `` in scandinavian cities '' . 
  as everywhere people are more religious in small towns and in the countryside . 
  at least among younger people in scandinavian cities it is unusual to attend church outside funerals and some weddings . 
  and sweden . 
  the article did n't say anything about ethnicity of either perpetrators or victim . 
  timothy mcveigh , anders behring breivik , seung-hui cho , aaron alexis , dylann storm roof , ... 
  my main concern is that there is currently a lot of smuggled illegal weapons combined with a growing number of racist nuts who think that democracy and democratic methods are only for the weak . 
  i remember breivik , mangs and ausonius . 
  i hear about burning refugee camps every day . 
  these are things that are real and happen here and now . 
  i 'm much more worried about these things than that refugees that run away from war and very present enemies would travel to sweden and start to imagine that the swedes are the enemy .
