  ( i hear unfortunately a lot of the same arguments in sweden . ), 
   may i point out that germany has quite enough experience with unsubstainable inflation , thank you very much ? 
  actually , we would rather get out of the euro project than accept an inflation  5 % . 
  please do , and it will be very interesting to see how well the german industry does when there is n't any poor eurozone countries to keep the value of your currency down . 
   the feta i got in my fridge is from the netherlands . 
  and i guess it made with cows milk !, 
  even in sweden they are selling this bland thing made of cows milk , mostly produced in denmark , that they call feta . 
  try the real one !, 
   we are trying not to pay for other people 's debts and i very much sympathize with that , but you are doing it by taking his job . 
  it 's like you are a taxi driver and the bartender takes your car and says that he will keep it until your debt is paid . 
  if you want greek to be able to pay it 's debts , you ca n't kill it 's economy . 
   versailles was designed to be an act of humiliation and cutting our economy to a level where it would break together , this is exactly how many greeks feel about the situation , and understandably so . 
  if you listen to the rhetoric used in germany , it sounds very much like the lazy and irresponsible greeks must be punished . 
  and the greek economy is very close to breaking down . 
   the austerity measures are designed to be something to help the greek economy it has been known for seventy years that austerity in a slump does n't work . 
  it is just unfortunate that the european leaders conveniently have chosen to forget it . 
  the results is what anyone with the most basic knowledge of economy should have predicted : the more they try to save , the greater the depth becomes in relationship to the gdp . 
   what we make the greeks do at the moment is what we did to ourselves post-2000 you could do it because the economy in peripheral eurozone countries where expanding ( granted with borrowed money ) , which meant that the real wages in those countries increased , and as a consequence the real wages in germany decreased . 
  and it created a huge market for german goods . 
  so why not return the favor ? 
  let european central bank allow for a higher inflation to make it easier for real wages in greeks to go down . 
  let germans increase their consumption so that someone can buy greeks goods ( ok , you just have to start to really like feta cheese ) . 
  or should * everyone * run a trade surplus ? 
  you do n't need basic economics to understand why that does n't work . 
  the point is that the reason that the german strategy worked is that germany existed in an environment where other states consumed and borrowed too much . 
  it impossible to repeat that feat in the current economy , where everyone in europe have decided that they need austerity and the central bank keeps the inflation low . 
  the current plan would have a small chance for greek if greek where the only state that tried to save money . 
  that is n't the case . 
  in other words , your strategy does n't work in the current climate . 
  the situation will not turn around until the politics in europe have changed to something that actually works . 
  the last few years will be seen as lost years for the european economy because of incompetent politicians . 
  i guess that the only people still living there are the descendants of the fifth columnists which were spared . 
  you 'd expect that the germans would have learned anything from their own history before they forced this situation on the greeks . 
  ( not trying to absolve the greek governments from really fucking up the economy in the first place , but the so called solution that have been forced mostly by germany has been a disaster for the greek people . 
  with predictable outcome . ), 
  i do n't know if that is the most important thing , but i agree that it is a good suggestion . 
  it would also force the banks to take more responsibility for their loans , and maybe they would be more reluctant to lead us into a mess like this again . 
   i have to note that student benefits was 3/5 of unemployed/social security benefits , thus the state was saving by putting people to study . 
  and if it is done right ( which you say it was n't in finland ) , you get a better education population that have better jobs and pay higher taxes in the end . 
   in my honest opinion , i think that few generations , those in 30s and 40s in crisis countries are more or less lost . 
  that is a horrible outlook !, 
  i certainly hope that that is n't a widespread view , in particular among european leaders . 
  just giving up on them is like asking them to riot . 
  someone who just turned 40 still have 25 productive years ahead . 
  it is a much better deal for the government to pay someone 3 years of schooling and then let the person pay taxes for 22 than to just pay unemployment benefits for 25 . 
  not to talk about the costs of social problems , drugs , and criminality if you just let people go unemployed . 
  maybe not immediately , but then put them in schools and give them some money while they study . 
  that is more or less what we used to do in sweden , and it has worked out reasonably well . 
  otherwise classical depression type jobs . 
  let them build and improve roads , railroads , bridges , schoolhouses and hospitals . 
  things that we always will have use for . 
  what are the alternatives ? 
  hope that the economy will recover and all these people without enough skills by magic will get skills and jobs if just the governments reduce their deficits enough ? 
  maybe just reducing the unemployment from 25 % ( spain ) is a very good start to get the demand back . 
  that is backwards . 
  the problem is a lack of demand , since ordinary people have very little money to spend . 
  the companies actually have a lot of money that they choose not to invest since they do n't expect to get any return ( since people do n't have money to buy their products ) . 
  in other words , to get the economy going , we need to increase the demand . 
  that is done by spending money where they will help the general economy most . 
  that is by employing the unemployed in infrastructure projects and similar . 
  so , well , in some regards you are of course right . 
  we need to improve the business climate . 
  but that is done by stimulate demand for the companies products . 
  the businesses are n't held back by constricting rules and regulations . 
  i just wish we had a little better climate . 
  in the long run yes . 
  but we have known for something like 70 years that austerity during a depression is disastrous , and this is exactly what we are doing . 
  spain had lower depth than germany , and surplus in the governmental balance before their housing bubble burst . 
  austerity is just making a bad situation worse and keeping the economy depressed by austerity means actually makes it harder to decrease deficit and repay depths . 
  edit : with we , i mean eurozone . 
  sweden is doing quite well . 
  thank you , that was interesting to learn . 
  what would be the legal reasoning for exactly what ? 
  for cancelling the contract ? 
  the cancellation would be the same as any other , depending on the exact wording , including possible damages . 
  to not get into legal technicalities , just assume the state just choose not to extend a contract instead of cancel it . 
  then it might be more or less official that the reason for not extending the contract is the business contact with kkk . 
  i do n't know if the company or kkk can sue the state then for trying to limit their freedom of speech . 
  politicians are still allowed to campaign against things they do n't like . 
  what they are not allowed to do is to use the force of law to limit your freedom of speech ; they ca n't order the police to close the shop and they are not allowed to pass laws that limits your freedom of speech . 
  the can still participate in protest marches against the shop , sign petitions and give speeches . 
  then there are of course gray areas . 
  what if the local government refuses to do business with anyone who does business with you ? 
  let 's say that the state of michigan would cancel a contract with a company that makes hoods for kkk ? 
  no , this is not freedom of speech . 
  freedom of speech only means that the government is n't allowed to suppress your right to speech . 
  freedom of speech does n't protect you from being called an asshole by everyone for what you say . 
  and we must not ignore it . 
  silence would be interpreted as approval . 
  we must loudly protest these scums . 
  otherwise they will think that they have the support of the silent masses . 
  otherwise they will think that `` they only say what everyone thinks '' . 
  we must show them that they are wrong . 
  of course some people complain about the taxes , but personally i do n't mind . 
  we have universal healthcare , free education on all levels , and 450 days of paid parental leave . 
  i think most people think like i do , that we actually get a lot back for the taxes we pay . 
  clearly many people take it like one , and it is not very hard to understand why . 
  i wo n't believe it until i see it . 
  in what way does that make a difference ? 
  i will not speculate in whether you are delusional or a lier , but that is just not true .
