  where is the connection to the immigrants ? 
   military grade weponery have been found to be smuggled in . 
  source ? 
  it says something about how much they dread being sent back to where the came from . 
  they rather spend the next decade or two in prison than being departed . 
  are you trying to joke ? 
  yes , why not ? 
  it says something about how they are treated in romania that they prefer begging in -30 c to staying at home . 
  the romanian government even blocks monetary aid from the eu that would help the gypsies . 
  they rather have the gypsies starve than accepting money from the eu that wouild help them . 
  i had a family as neighbors a few years ago . 
  now i only pass half a dozen beggars every day . 
  the problems are very much exaggerated . 
  we are still one of the safest countries in europe with higher standard of living than most . 
  so i 'd say we are doing very well , thank you . 
  that you hate gypsies is the thing we have a problem with . 
  you treat them like shit so they flee to countries that actually treat them like human beings . 
  the euro was clearly a mistake , and i 'm not sure about its future , but the euro zone is fortunately not the eu . 
  the article says a company that eric schmidt had invested in was paid by the clinton campaign . 
  that is far from evidence that `` google helped hillary '' . 
  since i 've been living under a rock and your claims apparently are public knowledge , i 'm sure you can come up with something better . 
  few users knew enough about how their data could be misused in this way . 
  people are finally getting that they have to be careful so they are n't defrauded . 
  and even normally quite tech-savvy users still do n't get that their information can be used to manipulate them . 
  i do n't think it would be particularly hard to make an ai that uses your three years of comment history to write short answers to some of your messages that resonates with you and nudges your political leanings . 
  do you have any sources or any kind of evidence that google helped hillary ? 
  i 've noticed . 
  as a swede i think that is one of the most imbecile lies that goes around right now . 
  it certainly helps and is hard to do without . 
  that reminds me about sweden and denmark . 
  at a not so recent trip to denmark i learned that the danes had a lot of strong opinions about sweden and swedes , most of them not very positive . 
  at one point one of the danes i visited asked about our opinion about them , and i , a bit sheepishly , had to admit that we just do n't think about them that much . 
  it depends on the distribution . 
  if it is very skewed the difference between the median and the average might be large . 
  it 's a bit tongue in cheek , but i 'm referring to how the royal family moved to brazil and did n't want to return until they were forced by uprisings in portugal . 
  then some prince stayed in brazil and become emperor , and since brazil at the time was much more wealthy than portugal , it 's not really clear who became independent of whom . 
  ( sorry , but my memory of the history is a bit hazy ) . 
  i 'm not sure how that makes a difference . 
  we learned in school about a union , they remember it as an occupation . 
  are you also the only country in the world that had to become independent of one of your colonies and not the other way around . 
  well , i 'm not so sure the norwegians felt that the union was so voluntary . 
  while we talk about unionsuppl\u00f6sningen ( the breakup of the union ) , they celebrate how they freed themselves from the swedes . 
  i know you always liked us better than you liked the danes . 
  not really . 
  about 160 000 people searched asylum in sweden in 2015 and about 70 000 asylum seekers and relatives to asylum seekers got residence permit the same year . 
  on the other hand estonia is part of the european union , so they are free to come and work and live here in sweden whenever they want to . 
  in 2015\u00a0160000 refugees entered sweden . 
  20-30 people threw stones at the police . 
  that is less than 0.02 percent . 
  in addition , the people throwing stones did most certainly not come the last few years , but are more likely to be second generation immigrants . 
  so then we have 20-30 people out of a cohort of 1-2 million people . 
  a much bigger problem , proportionally , is with the swedish nationalist party sverigedemokraterna , where out of 47 people 6 have been sentenced for crimes and another 2 are procecuted . 
  a much more efficient measure would be to deport all nationalist . 
  considering that nationalists and religious nuts are much more like than immigrants to be terrorists and criminals , that 's there we need to put our efforts to protect our society . 
  and ? 
  there has been no riots in sweden since 2013 . 
  no , it does not happen that often . 
  and what does the demographic matter ? 
  yes , for you . 
  the rest of us judge you too , even though our expectations are a little bit lower for a drunk rabbit than the potus . 
  that 20-30 people throw stones at the police is n't really the cataclysm that trump talked about . 
  but the cost per capital is more or less the same . 
  good for him that he did n't dare to . 
  putin would have ripped his off by the shoulder . 
  it certainly is well known . 
  it does n't have to be a niche subject at all . 
  i 've met quite a few otherwise very smart engineers who have very little clues about how the world at large works . 
  just let denmark have them . 
  with the possible exception of lund it is just a bunch of pig farmers . 
  it has been used by fascists , but that does n't mean that it is equivalent or even that it has been discredited by fascism . 
   and that wouldincrease borrower 's confidence ... how ? 
  you are still thinking that lenders ' ( i think you mean ) confidence is the main problem . 
  well , if that was the case , how would crashing the economy with austerity help lender 's confidence ? 
  the main problem is that the costs are too high . 
  if your export is suffering because the costs ( mostly wages ) in your country are too high , devaluing the currency reduces the cost of everything you export . 
  better trading balance leads to better general economy which means that you have a better chance to repay your loans . 
  this is the reason that iceland has recovered so well , and this is the reason that the uk is n't as deep in trouble as spain , even though uk debt are bigger . 
   not my point . 
  i do n't know then what your point is . 
  my point is that germany has more to lose by disbanding the euro than many other eurozone countries . 
  without the euro , most troubled countries could just devalue themselves from the mess they are in know . 
   territory . 
  what you could n't do with panzer , you do with bad loans . 
   `` spend in bad times , repay in good times '' has morphed to `` spend in good times , spend more in bad times '' for example spain and ireland had budget surplus the years leading up to the crisis , and with the exception of greece , the other `` bad '' nations had deficits about the same size as germany . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=ds22a34krhq5p_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=edp_b9_pc_gdp&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=country_group&amp;idim=country:es:de:ie:pt:it:el&amp;ifdim=country_group&amp;tstart=799905600000&amp;tend=1304827200000&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false&amp;icfg )  i faintly remember we have done more than well under the dm ... few people would deny that low value of the euro has helped german economy tremendously . 
   the bartender can sell said taxi towards the collateral - and that is what eventually will happen . 
  then you 'd really got to eat a lot of feta cheese . 
  seriously , when the greek economy is crushed , what are you going to take ? 
   i claim that keynes does not work ... those who still believe in keynes have been quite good at predicting exactly what is happening now . 
  and all the policy makers that have claimed that keynes does n't work are those who are responsible for the mess we are in now . 
   you can not keep spending when money runs out the time to save is not in the slump !, 
  of course greek should have saved money when their economy was good , but now is not the time to do it , because it is killing their economy . 
  it is like a company that tries to save itself by stopping product development and marketing to save money . 
  it is just madness . 
   stop making things up , and stop repeating propaganda . 
  i suggest that you research this yourself because i do n't think i can convince you . 
  i understand that it is n't the history that you germans are so fond of . 
  this is exactly the problem !, 
  you think that germany is doing well only because germany are such a hardworking and responsible people , and greek are doing badly because they are lazy and irresponsible . 
  it 's just racist bullshit , and it is a big reason why it is very hard to find any productive agreements .
