  is this also a thing in the workplace ? 
  i 've always found it annoying that it is taboo to know each other salaries . 
  we need to know the market to avoid being ripped off . 
  in spain we have what 's known as a `` puente aereo '' ( air bridge ? ), 
  between madrid and barcelona , meaning a regular flight with as much frequency as a bus service ( 25 times a day ) . 
  i 'd assume it 's popular since it 's existed as long as i can remember . 
  out of curiosity , if you had to choose some names , which famous norwegians would you expect to be known abroad ? 
  yep !, 
  is n't my flag showing ? 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't check . 
  basically i 'm ok with any name whose pronunciation fits spanish regular pronunciation . 
  erik ? 
  saga ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  fuck that , i 'd be condemning them to a life of `` how is that spelled/pronounced '' ? 
  bullfighting definitely . 
  places to hear flamenco and other traditional music are very niche , the ones i know in my city cather almost exclusively to tourists . 
  pop musicians that fit the latin lover stereotype ( enrique iglesias , chayanne , etc ) are hand tailored to fit the foreigners criteria of what a spanish man looks like . 
  i would n't say they 're hated , they 're just not exactly genuine . 
  if a restaurant openly announces tapas in the front , it 's almost certainly shitty overpriced food for tourists . 
  traditionally tapas are served for free in a bar to accompany your drink . 
  there are some fast food chains now selling the same kind of food ( la sure\u00f1a , 100 montaditos and others ) but other than that it screams tourist trap . 
   we do n't really learn a lot of geography in school . 
  we can guess which continent a country belongs to , but not learning their capitals by heart . 
  i actually did that several times for europe . 
  tests involved a blank map , with borders drawn . 
  i ca n't remember if we ever did it with the whole world . 
  / u/enelade gives a good answer . 
  in spain , due to cultural differences , we have far less taboos when speaking . 
  if you see someone fat , you could say to you friend `` mira a ese gordo '' and no one would think twice about it . 
  same for someone being asian or black . . is that xenophobia ? 
  well , we have probably the most integrated muslim community in western europe , with 2 million immigrants and citizens happy to leave here and it 's not ever considered a problem . 
  the extreme right is non practically non existent . 
  i am yet to see a single person protesting against helping refugees , most people are angry that we are n't doing more to help them . 
  all those aspects of culture matter , in my mind , waaay more - americans will raise hell for seeing a comedian using black face to portray a famous black person , but will be ok with the disproportionately harsher sentences being given to black people in their home country . 
  we are `` culturally insensitive '' but we will protest when a person is actually suffering discrimination . 
   vet inte  vene that drove me mad when i started learning swedish !, 
  i used audio lessons and duolingo and at no point do they warn you that those kind of contractions exist . 
  i tried listening to the audios while reading the written version and i just could n't manage to tell the syllables apart haha, 
  side question : at which level of formality do contractions stop being accepted ? 
  i always wonder . 
  like , are they ok in a technical manual/book ? 
  what about an exam ? 
   what about all the little chinese shops you see everywhere in spain , they are great when you need to buy beer law at night just a shame that you can only buy cigarettes in specialized stores . 
  keep in mind that chinese immigration to spain is quite recent . 
  those shops were n't a thing just 15 years ago ... 
  i 'm starting to see chinese girls on tinder though . 
   also the attack against `` zionist hollywood '' wtf , so racism is fine if it 's against jews or what ? 
  i 'm afraid you 'll get the same answer all xenophobic people give . 
  `` it 's not the race , it 's a culture/ethnicity/religion / nation '' . 
  apparently the point is driven as far as skin color goes , but it 's missed on all other kinds of arbitrary discrimination . 
   this was something , that occurred in southern countries during the financial crisis , too , but my impression is that it is an ongoing idea in britain . 
  just to clarify : in spain at least , the narrative was `` germany rules the eu , and they push their ideology ( austerity ) because they do n't realize its human consequences here / it 's better for their economy '' . 
  the `` conquering europe '' and hitlerish narrative you mention have never been a thing , nor have the germans ever been perceived as evil . 
  since the rest is already answered :  what 's the general public opinion on being a foreign exchange student ? 
  is it viewed as radical , or prestigious , or a bad idea ? 
  we have the erasmus program over here , where a uni student can spend a year studying their degree in another eu country , and pretty much everyone take the chance , so we 're quite used to it . 
  it 's not radical , prestigious , or anything like that , it 's really really common . 
  it 's just nice to see a different culture and travel , kind of a long vacation . 
  no , i meant kirgu\u00eds jamala . 
  it was just spain trying to be modern and leaving the choice to internet votes . 
  iran is viewed as a poor country with a backwards ideology . 
  saudi arabia is viewed as a rich country with a backwards ideology . 
  that 's about it . 
  it is common to point out the hypocrisy in treating the rich backwards guy better , although at the same time i 've seen some people talking about visiting sa to see the luxury . 
  fun fact : during that whole festival , `` viva polonia '' ( long live poland ) was top trending topic in spain . 
  for me it 's loreen , alexander rivak , lordi . 
  in that order . 
  [ bitch please . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfecivoxxbo ), 
  current parlament : - pp : center right . 
  it groups economically conservative people , capitalist liberals and religious / morally traditional people . 
  until ciudadanos appeared , it was the monolithic party where everything right wing was fused . 
  - ciudadanos : new center right party . 
  claim to be a break with the old way of making politics and a center party , but they usually vote in line with the pp , so they are currently struggling to get their own identity and are considered just the same old dog with new leash . 
  - psoe : center left . 
  the last time they were in power they did alright with social reforms ( legalizing gay marriage for example ) but they handled * disastrously * the economic crisis , refusing to even acknowledge its existence , and have n't recovered since then . 
  the party is currently broken between those who want to join forces with other left parties and secesionists , and those who want them to lean center and even pact with the right wing . 
  - unidos podemos : podemos is a new left wing party , that rose from the 15m movement against corruption and bipartidism , in a similar fashion the occupy movements . 
  they are accused of using populist rethoric . 
  izquierda unida is an old left-wing party . 
  they run together as unidos podemos . 
  they are against austerity , support the defense of social rights ( education , health , pensions ) and want to stablish a guaranteed minimum income , among other measures . 
  - secesionist/national parties : they are present in several regions that want to become their own countries ( most notably catalonia and the basque country ) . 
  each one has their own political leaning . 
  i 'm in madrid . 
  half an hour in the subway , reading or redditting . 
  downtime activities ... whatever you want . 
  this is a city of 6 million , if your hobby is putting fruit stickers into curtains you will find fruit sticker curtain meetups . 
  with an exotic fruits performance every weekend . 
  it appears relatively frequently in my search results . 
  it seems to be like yahoo answers but way less sucky . 
  i know , i 've got plenty of friends abroad and it 's never been a problem to get a point across , but i 'd still like to learn a nice accent/pronunciation . 
  i feel like i write 100 times better than i speak , and it 's frustrating . 
  see ? 
  there we are again haha . 
  all of those sound the same in my head . 
  i do n't even know if i should be paying attention at how much time the sound lasts , at the tone , at the pitch ... 
  yeah , apparently the way the army was deployed was a giant overkill precisely to impress the moroccan forces and keep them from fighting back , to avoid bloodshed . 
  but it also was a real gift to the press , that got pictures of a massive deployment over a little rock to mock the government .
