  i find it weird that spain is the first `` large '' country by percentage of people living in metropolitan areas . 
  is n't population much more concentrated in cities in the northern countries due to climate ? 
  fuck no , i can perfectly picture how it would look like ...  `` hey / r/kace91 , we need you to go charge their tanks face first . 
  everyone agrees that 's stupid but apparently the guy in charge is the son of someone important and we have to do as he says . 
   the helicopter that will take you there has n't been safe for a decade , we 've been saying it for years ... but you know how bureaucracy goes , so take care in case it decides to retire by itself mid flight . 
   also , the technical team said that you need bulletproof gear for this endeavor , they always overdo it with their recommendations so i think this thick newspaper under your shirt will do just fine . 
  good luck ! '', 
  same for finnish raha ( in spanish it would be pronounced like slang for pussy ) . 
  latin follis is also suspect , follar is to fuck . 
  well , then it 's your dumb shit too :p . fundamental rights of the european union :  article 1  human dignity  human dignity is inviolable . 
  it must be respected and protected . 
  the problem is not the article itself , but the broadness of the concept of dignity and what constitutes a breach of it . 
  yes , article 20 grants freedom of speech . 
  however , it states that its limits lie in that it should respect all other articles of the constitution . 
  the catch is that honor/dignity it is also recognised as a basic right . 
  as a consequence , mocking a person in public can be considered a form of abuse/humiliation , which would break the limit of freedom of speech . 
  there is a balance between those two rights that is left for the judges to deal with . 
  it is important to note however that freedom of information is a different and more protected right , that concerns the spread of facts ( vs freedom of expression that deals with opinions ) . 
  that 's the problem and the cause of debate . 
  this sentence references a previous one where 24 year old girl got 2 years of prison for some dark jokes about irene villa ( a journalist that lost both legs in a terrorist attack ) and the holocaust . 
  the law states that humiliating victims is a crime . 
  the rest is all the judge 's interpretation : they considered that making a joke implies mocking , which is humiliation , since it was done in a public platform - basically , they considered publishing on a social network the same as publishing in a newspaper or saying it in live tv , and assumed that the content could reach the actual victims . 
  in that case the context ( the girl publicly supported a terrorist organisation in unrelated events ) was took in consideration and she was found guilty . 
  there has also been a similar case ( a politician that made holocaust jokes 4 years before serving ) on which he was acquitted , since it was considered black humor and `` reprobable , but not punishable by the law '' . 
  among the public opinions are diverse . 
  in general the old generation is much more favorable to the sentences , while the young consider them disproportionate . 
  i think that it is partly a problem of lack of understanding of social networks , that are treated as platform of public expression and not as means of personal communication , when they are actually both . 
  picture an american tweeting something like `` we could use a 9/11 on trump tower '' . 
  that 's basically what he did , with references to terrorists acts committed by eta and grapo instead . 
  the previous judges had taken into account his trajectory as a whole and framed his tweets as just provocation and irony , while states overruling says that hist actual intention does n't matter , that the references to victims of terrorism are humiliating for them , and that the tweets ' positive view of terrorism is a crime . 
  you got ta hand it to trump - choosing pence as a vice president was a genius political move . 
  it 's gon na be his life insurance , no one wants to take him down if it implies that pence becomes president . 
  translation :  ** spain 's supreme court has convicted cesar strawberry , singer of def con dos , to a year of prison , as author of a crime of exaltation of terrorism or humiliation of victims , due to several comments he published on his twitter account between november of 2013 and january of 2014 on which he mentioned , among other people , the prison officer kidnapped by eta jose antonio ortega lara , as well as the grapo . 
  **  the court , in a sentence by his president manuel marchena , rejects the singers ' absolution pronounced in july 2016 by the national court . 
  it considers the tweets to be messages of humiliation and mockery that `` feed hate speech , legitimate terrorism as a way of solving social conflict and force the victim to be reminded of the memories of past threats , kidnapping , or the killing of close family '' . 
  the supreme court does n't accept the national court 's conclusion that `` the provocation , irony and sarcasm '' that can be appreciated in the group 's songs can justify the singer 's absolution . 
   the sentence imposes the minimum punishment applicable by article 578 of the penal code , although it dismisses the possibility of classifying the case as `` of minor severity '' due to the messages being spread by a twitter account with more than 8.000 followers , each of them a potential resender . 
  he is also condemned to 6 years and 6 months of absolute inhabilitation . 
   ** cesar strawberry 's tweets , quoted in the sentence , are `` the blatant fascism of esperanza aguirre [ right wing politician ] makes me even miss the grapo '' , `` ortega lara should be kidnapped now '' , `` franco , serrano su\u00f1er , fraga , blas pi\u00f1ar ... 
  if you do n't give them what they give carrero blanco , longevity is always on their side '' [ carrero blanco was a main political figure under franco , killed by a bomb that exploded below his car sending it to a different street ] , `` how much people should have followed carrero blanco 's flight '' and a last one which was a conversation with another user , started by strawberry 's tweet of `` it 's almost the king 's birthday , i 'm excited ! '', 
  - the other user replies `` what are you going to give him as a gift ? '', 
  to which strawberry replies `` a cake-bomb '' . 
  **  the national audience considers that `` it is not proved '' that strawberry intended to defend the postulates of a terrorist organization , nor humiliating its victims . 
  the supreme court considers , however , that the intention is irrelevant , since article 578 does n't require proving the intention of the act and just needs to `` assume as one 's own the justification of a violent way of solving political differences , and the conscious reiteration of those messages through twitter '' . 
   the sentence considers important that , in order to guess the real intentions of the accused , the national court had to rely on witnesses of his non violent behaviour , to a press article more than 15 years old where he was critical of extreme nationalism , or to a large blue ribbon worn by the group 19 years ago to show rejection of the killing of miguel angel blanco [ assassinated by eta ] . 
  in a harsh argumentation , the supreme court warns that the attitude of the accused more than a decade ago is n't what 's relevant , but the messages of humiliation he sent through his twitter account are '' . 
   the magistrates quote his own previous sentences over the crime of humiliation through social networks , and remind that they have given similar sentences in other cases related to victims like miguel angel blanco and irene villa . 
   the sentence includes the particular vote of one of the magistrates , that considers that the initial absolution should have been confirmed , since `` his messages are n't more than expletives with no further path ; inacceptables , of course , but just that . '', 
  according to this magistrate , strawberry 's comments `` lack the slightest possibility of practical connection with persons or actions that could be considered terrorists '' , specially considering the moment when they were written and spread - after eta had already announced the end of their violent acts . 
  i really envy germany right now . 
  you can choose between two decent and capable candidates with the peace of mind of knowing that both choices are going to do an ok job . 
  in contrast , i ca n't remember a single election i have participated in where i was n't choosing the better of two evils , or a just half decent choice vs awful alternatives . 
  is there any country where the south is n't tied with a laid back attitude and conservatives ? 
  do you not see a difference between these ? 
  - a ) a foreign person saying `` i support x '' and - b ) a group of foreign people organizing accounts with fake identities tailored to pretend they are natives so they can spread false information . 
  per the article :  the chatroom 's admins have instructed users to make fake facebook accounts that are `` ideally young , cute girl , gay , jew , basically anyone who is n't supposed to be pro- [ fn ] . '' users are then instructed to lock down these dummy accounts so no one can tell they 're fake . 
  once they have their fake facebook profiles , they 're told to infiltrate the comment sections of large french facebook pages and post pro-fn memes and jokes about fran\u00e7ois fillon , france 's current frontrunner for the presidency . 
  i have never not gone through a passport security checkpoint in europe . 
  maybe that 's not `` technically '' a border post but it fulfills the same function because your passport is checked and can be logged . 
  have n't you seen the eu and non-eu lines at all airports ? 
  they 're there for a reason . 
  i do n't even have a passport , and i 've moved through eu countries just fine . 
  i just show my national id ( which i need to carry at all times due to national laws anyway ) to prove that i 'm who i claim to be and i 'm golden . 
    i hope europe will know to back iran . 
  you want a proxy war between us and eu forces ? 
  meaning fillon vs macron or macron vs le pen ? 
  serious ( and uninformed ) question for germans : ideology aside , how qualified is schulz to hypothetically inherit merkel 's de facto position as leader of the eu ? 
  i realize that it 's a very subjective question , but i would like some input from those of you that are used to his daily work . 
  ah , i think he just meant globalized world , not globalist . 
  it 's a normal mistake to make . 
  besides , globalist has a proper definition outside of antisemitism , it 's someone advocating for or having a positive view of globalization ... 
  i 'm not seeing it and he has n't edited ( ? ), 
  did you reply to the wrong post or something ? 
  it is n't much of a problem ; traffic with purely automated cars was solved already long ago , it 's taking care of a mix of automated cars and human stupidity that 's taken most of the work . 
  still , the more automated vehicles there are , the better they perform , due to the hability to act as a hive mind . 
  sudden braking is far easier to perform when the cars behind you can get instantly notified that you 're going to do it , for example . 
  what leads you to think they are n't going to play politics in this vote as in any other ? 
  they 're just going to decide what is more harmful to their image : going against the will of the people or taking part in a decision that all experts consider a bad choice . 
  it 's still pretty much a betting game for them . 
  the really sad point about this movement is how futile it 's going to be . 
  america 's workers have given their support to trump in hopes that their old manual jobs will come back from the places where they have been outsourced . 
  who cares that coal is no longer useful , let 's keep mining it under state protection because we need work as miners . 
  who cares that producing goods in america is n't profitable , let 's bring our factories back . 
  and why is it sad ? 
  because even if they end up recovering the jobs that they lost to globalization , those are exactly the kind of jobs that automation will kill first . 
  workers are sacrificing their empire because they do n't want to be replaced by foreigners , completely oblivious to the fact that they 'll be replaced again in 5 years anyway , this time by robots . 
  if they had any trace of awareness of the world they live in , they would have been pushing for free education and universal income , which is the only thing that can save them from the incoming shitstorm . 
  take it as a warning of why we need free quality education and journalistic integrity . 
  i want the guy to be as visible as possible . 
  not for political reasons , i just love watching his speeches . 
  can you expand on the forum ? 
  what it is , possible bias , etc. 
   it sometimes even links to the original article . 
  that is n't saying much when the readers ca n't understand the original ( since the site explicitly aims for that audience ) . 
  it 's not a childish ending , it 's telling people how to feel about the phrase - same reason why everything 's either tremendous or terrible . 
  trump talks in emotions , which apparently is quite convincing to some people ... 
   i 'm from the us and i live in the uk , so now i 've gotten to experience that , but double . 
  do n't take this the wrong way mate , but could you please stop moving around ? 
  at this point we ca n't take any risks . 
  is the video available ?
