  if you can prove that you need it ( as in , you can show that you 're about to take a flight that requires a renovation ) you can renew it on the moment . 
  if the flight is inside the eu you do n't need a passport , local id is enough . 
  otherwise ... no idea , i guess you can do it in your embassy ? 
  just do as suggested in la vida moderna : use the term `` superhero '' from now on to be safe . 
  americans sometimes give us sombreros and think we 're brown skinned , does that count ? 
  false : we do n't like to work . 
  we have one of the longest working schedules in europe , not counting rampant practices like constant unpaid extra time , and culture encourages overstaying to look busy ( known locally as `` warming the chair '' ) . 
  it is true that , as a result of abysmal working conditions , performance and efficiency is very bad , but it can hardly be blamed on laziness . 
  true : we 're conflictive/like to argue loudly . 
  it 's a cultural thing , i 'd rather have a discussion shouting with a friend , spill my guts out and solve the issue than having him/her give me the cold shoulder and slowly hurt each other through passive aggressiveness . 
  the same is true for positive emotions and phisical contact , the kind of public displays of affection i have with female close friends would be considered innappropiate for couples in public in other countries . 
  no , but most fundamental christians here are venezuelans ( and immigrants from latin america ) . 
  it 's probably a minority but a very very vocal one , that was non existant until a few years ago . 
  they set up a semi permanent `` information point '' near the most crowded areas of the city and try to talk everyone into accepting their beliefs . 
  spain has its good share of religious nuts , but trying to convert others is far more frowned upon and religious practice stays in the churches . 
  catholics are more reserved than evangelicals . 
  spain already has a decent amount of venezuelans coming - not really refugees but pretty much so since they fear the situation of violence there . 
  one of my best friends is from there and he has a lot of nonchalant stories like `` a friend took a bus , someone got in and shot him to take his iphone in broad light '' . 
  you can hardly blame anyone to try and get out of that . 
  besides , we have a common language and to a large extent culture , so it 's not like integration is difficult . 
  my only complain is that we 're having a huge spike in fundamental christians preaching around . 
  you can hardly move through the city center without having someone tell you that you 'll burn in hell unless you stop wanking . 
  i 'm not sure but i think it might be some attempt at humor due to people bashing nordic counties for their depression and lack of sunlight ( ? ) . 
  that 's my best guess ... 
   the days are n't short in spring and summer , they are short during the winter . 
  he 's norwegian . 
  he means that since they are in the north they get longer days than we do during summer ( just as their winters have way shorter days than ours ) . 
  perhaps a stupid question , but ... how do you eat eggs and bacon ? 
  i ask because here the usual way is with hard ( french ? ), 
  bread , but it has to be bought for the same day since it goes bad quite fast so you wo n't have it when you wake up . 
  no big issues . 
  i only found this quote :  impatient with the slow pace of democratic political reforms in 1976 and 1977 , spain 's new king juan carlos , ** known for his formidable personality ** , dismissed carlos arias navarro which does n't sound quite objective . 
  also , there are some phrases that look more suited for a highschool paper than an encyclopedia , due to the poor and abstract writing style , like :  violence against women was a problem , which the government took steps to address . 
  ( no more explanation is given ) . 
   but we do n't have a minimum wage , and we do n't want it . 
  wages , scheduling , and loads of other things are n't really regulated in law but by collective agreements between the unions and employers . 
   in a federal europe we would probably have to move away from a system we have used for decades , a system every major political party is behind . 
  a hypothetical federation does n't necessarily need to cover all the points i quoted , i was merely mentioning examples of all europeans not having the same rights . 
  and honestly , i do n't see a minimum wage being an obstacle to agreements between unions and employers , since hypothetically every minimally fair agreement would be above minimum wage anyway , since it 's supposed to be a fallback to prevent abusive deals . 
  but yes , your general point remains that compromises would be needed - i just think that benefits would outweigh the cons . 
   this is a problem everywhere , even within countries . 
  someone in a low-income area with a high crime rate has a much different quality of life than a person in a rich neighbourhood with great schools . 
  this problem will never go away entirely as long as humans are different from each other . 
  sure , but that does n't mean that we should n't try to minimize it . 
  you would not agree to poor french citizens being governed by a different set of laws than richer citizens , for example . 
  just like that would be backwards , i think federalization would be a step in the right direction . 
   the un functions as a supranational military because it requires a vote before action . 
  are you suggesting that the eu parliament should have to approve every military action ? 
  if russia invades , it could be days before we can fight back . 
  if a terrorist had been located , it would require a public debate before their house could be raided . 
  i do n't think a un system could function in this situation , as the unsc military system was designed to be used as reinforcements after troops are already fighting . 
  i was thinking more of a hypothetical military intervention when i suggested the requirement of agreements . 
  voting on that is n't a weird concept , the us for example requires congress to agree to a declaration of war - although they 've lately ignored it by not calling their interventions `` wars '' , but that 's a whole different topic . 
  of course the army would have agreed responses to immediate threats and defensive actions - you do n't really need much of an agreement to defend your allies , we already signed nato 's article 5 . 
  hard to imagine . 
  it is not uncommon to be approached by a wandering child if you 're sitting in a park or something , and ive never seen a parent be worried about it . 
  yeah i read that , but i still do n't get what you guys miss . 
  is there any specific example of something that you ca n't do or keep doing because you need to be in tune with the eu ? 
  or is it just the rhetoric that you do n't like ? 
   but we already have the right within the eu , so the only thing that would change is national voting rights and military eligibility in other areas , right ? 
  unless you would be willing to add all countries that want to join . 
  not really . 
  we do n't have the same laboral rights ( work schedule , vacations , minimum salary , etc ) . 
  we do n't have the same access to public health and education . 
  we do n't have the same laws against discrimination . 
  we do n't retire at the same age . 
  i could go on , but right now we 're not that much of a union since some of your rights depend on your physical location . 
  it is true that we can move easily to the place with the best deal , but the goal should be to get us all on the same page , not make everyone move to the richest parts . 
   in my view , the eu is too diverse for a united military to function . 
  do you really think that us french will take any orders from the english ? 
  no , but they could both take orders from a supranational system . 
  we already kind of do it through the un , but this would be a smaller and more culturally similar union that would prevent the eternal state of permanent banning . 
   also , do you really think our politics are much better ? 
  i actually do , even if only because we ( in general ) glorify militarism far less . 
  it 's far more difficult to get europeans to agree to military intervention , and that 's a good thing . 
   and i , personally , would rather romania tried to stand up for itself and its citizens , rather than accept that we 're second class citizens `` for now '' . 
  the question that comes to mind is ... what would that change ? 
  by doing your own thing , you wo n't improve the views of populist westerners of your nation , nor the young will stop leaving for more opportunities elsewhere . 
  so what 's the goal ? 
  what actual ( non economical ) things would change for romanians out of the eu ? 
  is there anything that the eu is preventing romania 's government to do for its citizens ? 
  i 'm not a strong supporter of federalism ( i 'm kind of undecided ) but here are my main arguments for it : i think that , for a government to avoid corruption and represent its people properly , the state needs to be more powerful than individual entities - if there are powers larger than the state then the state will eventually be corrupted or pushed around by them . 
  since improvements in technology , communication and travel have allowed the creation of giant multinational companies , the average european state just ca n't compete - thus , the only way to have a state that can have the resources to represent people properly is to unite . 
  the second argument is a moral one on my part : honestly , i 've never liked the idea that , just for being born in a place , i have more or less rights than another person living in a different place . 
  being born a spaniard is n't a merit on my part , nor i did anything to deserve it , so drawing a line in the sand and saying `` people out of this circle ca n't have what i have '' sounds like theft to me - i ca n't justify having that right !, 
  obviously , just abolishing countries is n't possible from a practical point of view , it would be chaos . 
  but throwing down all barriers between european countries seems like a realistic compromise . 
  the third argument is practical : ideally you 'd want to be part of a country of people with whom you share a certain culture or ideas . 
  but the thing is , during my travels i 've found that i ( being from a large city in spain ) share more with people from large cities of other european countries than i do with rural people from my own country : language aside , i feel closer to someone in berlin than to someone in murcia . 
  so , if the cultural difference is n't that large , and it 's becoming smaller everyday due to increased contact , why set up borders between us ? 
  lastly , there is matter of security : the world has been living a reasonably good time for the last decades thanks to the us ' role as world police . 
  but i do n't really trust the shitshow that american politics is becoming anymore , nor the ideas that they defend , and other superpowers are n't up to the task either i think - so i would like to see a superpower that supports the causes i think should be defended . 
  i think people see him here as the next iteration of intelectual cool techie , but suspicious of him being just an image taking the glory of the actual workers behind him . 
  the same image that jobs used to have , basically . 
  i 'm curious - what is patriotism like in russia ? 
  like , what defines your cultural identity ? 
  i ask because coming from a small country with so many regions wanting to be their own thing , a place as large as russia keeping a common sense of identity makes me really curious . 
  i 've been to the piazza di spagna ( spain 's square ) in roma . 
  the place itself was beautiful , but there was an italian guard running after some african guys that were illegally selling fake clothes , and he repeatedly tried to violently push the guys down the giant stairs , which kind of ruined the mood . 
   limerick til this is a place .
