  there 's no name for it . 
  the closest similarity is probably nini ( short for ni estudia ni trabaja - does n't work nor studies ) . 
  but they usually are maintained by family , not by the state . 
  what ? 
  have you ever known someone that has been fired for being right/left wing ? 
  or losing friends about it ? 
  i just see lots of banter at most . 
  i studied dam . 
  unless things have n't changed the first course is common for both dam and daw , so you can choose any of those and just switch later if you like the other one better . 
  there 's also a three year version that will give you both qualifications at the same time , but i do n't recommend it - it 's kind of redundant . 
  if you happen to be in madrid i can tell you about specific schools , the quality of education varies * a lot * between them . 
  i did that ( coming from 3 years in math at uni that were n't satisfactory ) . 
  i did n't have much trouble finding work , dev jobs are quite meritocratic - as long as you have skills people wo n't look much at your qualifications . 
  i 've been working as a vr developer for 3 years now . 
  just mind that most of what you 'll study are great as basics but very outdated as real world scenario - so you 'll have to work at home investigating by yourself twice as much as you work in class . 
  if you do n't have curiosity and the hability to just enroll in an online course from time to time just because you feel like it , you wo n't progress much . 
  tons of samsung phones , followed by a couple of cheap brands ( huawei , xiaomi ) . 
  iphones are common but far less popular than android . 
  i think the main difference with america ( and perhaps australia ? ), 
  is that people text almost exclusively using whatsapp , and in some cases fb messenger . 
  no one uses texting - and nowadays the main advantage of iphones is that imessage is undisputed , so that is n't a good selling point here . 
  they might ... 
  i 'm the one that has n't had a dvd player for years :p, 
  question : i love danish shows and movies , but they are extremely hard to find and even harder with english subs . 
  do you happen to know where i can find them ? 
  i 've been after festen for a while but the only way to see it is to assume that i 'm going to see an alternative version where each character is a pixel . 
  i am yet to meet a portuguese . 
  and nope , i 'm not continuing the running joke , i actually have n't met one - and i routinely hear 4-5 languages on my way to work , from tourists and immigrants . 
  we do in spain , but take into account that the proper term is `` estadounidenses '' ( something like unitedstatians ) . 
  we end up using yankees just because it rolls off the tongue better . 
  i can try , although it 's a bit abstract . 
  most languages have a tint/style , for lack of a better word . 
  i am referring to whatever it is that makes you go `` oh , those guys are speaking russian/spanish/swedish '' after hearing them talk and getting it right even if you do n't speak that language . 
  for swedish for example is the melodic ups and downs , as well as the elongation of consonants and vowels , the common - en - et ending of words , and the relative absence of e sounds , compared to a and o. french style ( to spanish ears ) involves the accent , switching hard/rolled r for the french r , softening the spanish j sound , switching most endings to e , strong `` a `` s for `` ou `` s. . . a dozen details that you get through instinct . 
  the thing is that if i try to pronounce a spanish word with swedish tint , i 'll only get gibberish . 
  but if i try to pronounce a spanish word with the french tint , i actually guess or end up quite close to the actual french equivalent . 
  english and german seem to have the same relation , where an english word pronounced with the `` german tint '' frequently produces something quite close to the actual german word - although this similarity is hidden by the fact that german enjoys regular spelling and english does n't . 
  and since german has a similar kind of r , and a sound close to the french j - both of which do n't exist in spanish - the `` german tint '' sounds similar to the `` french tint '' to spanish ears . 
  castillian spanish apparently sounds old timey and regal to other spanish speakers . 
  no idea about foreigners though . 
  german to be sounds like it is to english what french is to spanish . 
  i know it 's a weird description but it is quite fitting in my head . 
  not exactly a law , but the rules of madrid 's subway ban exiting your wagon to wait for the next one ( like , if there 's a creep or something ) . 
  it 's enforced but not strictly . 
  apparently the law is there so workers have an excuse to make beggars leave when they go wagon after wagon asking for money , without having to prove anything . 
  here in spain apartments are the standard , at least in large cities . 
  i 've lived in several of them and it mainly depends on construction quality - in newer/cheaper houses you 'll hear it if there 's any discussion , kids playing , etc. 
  my current apartment has quite thick walls and it 's not common at all to hear others - i only remember hearing my neighbours in new years eve , due to the loud music and drunk singing . 
  # about basques ( stereotypically rough , spartan-like and hard headed ) : phone conversation :  `` hey patxi , i just took the bus , i 'll be at your house in half an hour '' `` i thought you were a 5 minute walk away '' `` yeah , but it weights a little '' . 
  two basque woman meet :  `` hey , how is it going ? '', 
  `` not too well , i was raped yesterday '' `` oh my god !, 
  what did you do ? '', 
  `` what was i to do ? 
  i held my ass tight and carried him to the cops '' a basque in a shop :  `` hi , i came to complain . 
  i bought this chainsaw and you claimed i could cut 10 trees in an hour , but i barely manage to cut 7 '' `` ok let me see ... '' the salesman turns it in and the basque shouts `` shit what 's that noise ? '', 
  # about catalonians ( misers ) : what does a catalonian do when he 's cold ? 
  he lies near a heater . 
  and if he 's still cold ? 
  he turns it on . 
  what 's the difference between a regular bald guy and a bald catalonian ? 
  a regular guy goes to buy a hat after losing his hair ; a catalonian instead goes to sell his hairbrush . 
   a catalonian goes to a friend 's house and finds him scratching the paint from the walls . 
  `` hey , are you redecorating ? '', 
  `` nah man , i 'm moving to a new house '' . 
  # madrillians ( proud and cocky ) :  how do you get 300 madrillians inside a car ? 
  by telling them that they wo n't fit . 
   what 's the difference between god and a madrillian ? 
  god is everywhere now , a madrilian has already been there . 
   a madrillian teaching his son before he moves abroad : `` son , you should never ask a person where they 're from . 
  if they 're madrillians , they 'll surely tell you ; and if they 're not , there 's no need to rub it in '' . 
  # spaniards in general : an englishman , a frenchman and a spaniard are talking at the entrance of a hospital when suddenly jesus himself appears between them . 
  jesus walks to the englishman , who is in a wheelchair , and says `` today , to celebrate my coming , you 'll walk again '' . 
  the guy stands up , he can walk , everyone is praising jesus . 
  the spaniard however remains unimpressed . 
  jesus then approaches the frenchman . 
  he goes `` you 'll also be free from sickness , your cancer is gone '' . 
  much praising again , the spaniard remains silent . 
  jesus then approaches the spaniard . 
  the spaniard stands and shouts `` stay the fuck away !, 
  i 'm on sick leave ! '', 
  not much . 
  my job starts whenever i feel like going to the office ( common sense applies ) and i work 8 hours starting from there . 
  no one is actually checking , and they wo n't mind if i miss a day once in a while for personal reasons , or if i stop working to clear my mind from time to time , as long as i deliver . 
  i work using programming and math , which i love ; my job being a startup , i sometimes get to do a different job for a day , since we ca n't afford to have a specialized coworker for each specific position ( so perhaps one day i 'll do ux , or i 'll be told that they need me to speak with a client in a foreign language i know , or i might be asked to provide technical assistance during a marketing campaign - there 's not really a pattern ) . 
  i like that , since it 's a break from routine and i get to try new things . 
  my only complain is that my commute is kinda shitty because the subway line i take is usually overcrowded ; i would like to be able to telecommute from time to time . 
  also , i know i could triple my salary by moving abroad , but i 'm quite happy with what i have now , all things considered . 
  same , much to the frustration of everyone, 
  no fucking way rajoy is comparable to trump . 
  he is decent for a conservative leader , and i say that as the very opposite of him politically . 
  not a merkel in any case , but still . 
  and most of his fuckups come from being completely socially awkward in public ( like the plasma debacle ) , he is hardly a showman . 
  and no pedro s\u00e1nchez , nor the king ? 
  out of curiosity , what would you do ? 
   it is a `` good story '' for media , there are dozens of fuckups ranging from regular rudeness to outright medical malpractice , they would eat it up like theres no tomorrow , the problem with that is if i mention what it is , it will follow me for the rest of my life , my country is so small ( 1.4 mil people ) that everyone will know who i am , it would be extremely identifiable one way or another i take it it 's something that could be embarrassing somehow ? 
  if so , being honest , when life is on the line that should be a problem to solve later - you can ask the media to cover your identity using a fake name , if it somehow leaks you can still always ask to have your name removed from the internet ( eu covers the [ right to be forgotten ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_to_be_forgotten ) ) . 
  even if all that fails and the case was important enough for people to remember you from a 5 minutes piece of news 2 years ago - which is doubtful - you can move out once you 're cured and start a new life elsewhere , which is still better than dying . 
  yeah , that was a long time ago , thanks for asking though !, 
  any particular reason why a fluent speaker would n't do ? 
  ( not judging , just curious ) .
