  it 's not a disqualifying factor , but for me it 's a con . 
   and us being blonde porn stars/sex-crazed people . 
  i was n't aware of that one . 
  the stereotype here is more like hot but shy . 
  i think most europeans would agree that sanders was at the very least your best choice given the pool of candidates you had . 
  my main concern about him , that i share with most candidates , was his age - 74 while starting a potential 8 year old presidency is crazy !, 
  when the concern is not only that he 'll be too old to understand the young , but that * he might be too old to be alive at the end of it all * you know you need to think about it . 
  spain is harmed by our lazyness stereotype . 
  we have this terrible work culture where we tend to work far more than other european countries , it is culturally shunned to leave at the hour specified in your contract , extra hours are n't paid , etc. 
  as a result people loathe going to work and performance is abysmal . 
  we need to follow a more european model where people work less hours and use their hours efficiently instead of staying forever checking the internet and the news - also providing flexible schedules and telecommuting as much as it 's possible . 
  but good luck trying to sell that spain will reduce working hours despite its economy being fucked under our lazy stereotype . 
  a similar problem occurs with science , english and math , where we are at the bottom of europe by skills of the general population and the only solution ever suggested is to increase the school hours allocated to those subjects , without improving the way they 're taught and the teachers ' skills . 
  i 'm on my phone right now , but try to use the search function on askreddit because there was a thread some days ago with a very similar question ( it was something like `` americans who went to europe for free education , how did it go ? '' ) . 
  i think their consensus was that germany offers the most for non europeans , but the caveats are that they offer a small amount of courses in english ( the rest requires german ) and that the first/second course are harder than in other countries ( since they use it to weed out students ) . 
  we 're also 47 million people . 
  even receiving several hundred thousand people would n't be as `` scary '' a number as it would be for a nordic country whose entire population is the size of madrid 's . 
  and talking about muslims destroying our culture would sound kinda silly when we have 700 years of muslim culture behind , 
  not exactly - there 's a ( limited and shy ) law/project from 2007 addressing the issue , but it 's been stopped ever since rajoy was elected . 
  his party did n't dare to repeal the law openly , but the budget allocated for it to take effect has been set at 0 $ so it only exists on paper . 
  as some others that have posted here , i also consider it a necessary evil . 
  as for its reppeal , honestly i do n't care . 
  justice ca n't be done ( the death wo n't come back ) , it 's to late for rehabilitation , and revenge does n't lead anywhere . 
  i think that a lot of the deals that resulted from the transition need to be reviewed , but punishing francoist criminals is pretty far down my list . 
  up in the list would be : - proper treatment of the victims ' memory ( some of them are still buried in random holes in middle of nowhere ) . 
  - political reforms that the country needs and can now be addressed after we 've achieved stability . 
  - removal of political symbols related to francoists - there are still street names and symbols in old buildings that should be removed . 
  - a german-style criminalization of denialism and displays of francoist symbology like the old flag . 
  i mean , we 're 46 million people ... 
  cutting all contact is fine but i think you can risk it at that point . 
   there is no bad weather , only bad clothing . 
   that 's what i tell myself when i 'm cold and miserable waiting for the bus in a blizzard . 
  the cold can probably be fixed by clothing ( if you 're willing to put on and off 23 layers after entering and exiting buildings ) , but it 's the sunlight i would n't be able to live without . 
  i worked for some months in a company where i started working before sunrise and went out when it was already dark , and it was probably the most depressing time of my life . 
  there 's something about that sort of `` hug of warmth '' that you get from staying in front of sunlight that makes you feel like everything 's gon na be ok , whatever your problem is . 
  the key to understand how widespread piracy is in spain is that the agency that takes care of author 's rights ( sgae ) behaved in such a cartoonishly devilish way they put the whole population against them . 
  a decade ago they were making the news constantly with stories like entering a wedding party to check what music was being played to sue them , or trying to push a `` piracy tax '' on all media where pirated content could be stored , from writable blank cds to memory cards - that they managed to get in effect for some time . 
  there was a lawyer ( david bravo ) that became famous at a national level just as the go-to guy to push against the organization in tv debates and other media - hilarious guy btw , he later became a congressman for podemos . 
  there 's an old mating ritual that goes something like dale dale dale dale dale dale dale mr worldwide . 
  there 's a day of the week that 's free for eu citizens iirc . 
  that explains it haha . 
  the inside of the palace is n't really that cool , just several ostentatious rooms ; but the visit also includes the royal armory which is impressive . 
  [ i usually have lunch in the grass of spain 's royal palace ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/88/palacio_real%2c_madrid%2c_espa%c3%b1a%2c_2014-12-27%2c_dd_15-17_pan.jpg/1200px-palacio_real%2c_madrid%2c_espa%c3%b1a%2c_2014-12-27%2c_dd_15-17_pan.jpg ) . 
  the empire was once ruled from the place where i have a sandwich . 
  we learn uk english in school in spain . 
  however , i mainly use english to enjoy american media or in american centered sites like reddit , so at this point it 's probably a mix . 
  the dialect i have in my phone 's auto correct tends to be relevant too , and that language is usually us english ( due to it being more easily set ) . 
  wallapop is huge here , it 's an app used for buying and selling second hand - pretty decent for everything from improving a personal collection to getting rid of your old tv . 
  there 's also badi , an app that lets you use tinder-like selection to find people to share a house with - not like airbnb , but long term housemates . 
  fintonic is an app that connects to your bank account and provides both push notifications when events happen ( bills are passed , you got your pay , etc ) and also automatically organizes your data so you know how much you spend on clothes , food and so on - it even lets you set goals and keep track of them . 
  edit : also justeat : one single website that shows all restaurants that deliver food near you and lets you order from there . 
  they take care of the payment and consumer service , and you can see reviews . 
  one could argue the opposite , that a proportional representation would not make sense for larger countries . 
  i think a mix of both is needed . 
  i know about euronews , but i 'm looking for something in a classic magazine format - including also opinion pieces , interviews , etc. 
  / r/europe runs a weekly thread called `` what happened in your country this week ? '', 
  where users report summaries from their own countries . 
  perhaps you could skim through past weeks . 
  [ here 's the list . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=what+happened+in+your+country+this+week&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all ) you could also download past issues of magazines that publish monthly or weekly like the economist , which is far more palatable than a giant pile of newspapers published daily . 
  i do n't mind a militarization of police ** gear ** : cops have always carried guns here yet misuse is extremely rare , i ca n't remember a single case of a cop shooting in an unwarranted situation . 
  as long as proper use of force is respected i do n't care if they 're carrying a stick or a bazooka . 
  i think the problem of militarization in the context of police would be an application of military tactics against citizens , or training based on a `` us vs them '' mentality rather than being trained as public servants . 
  but as far as i know that does n't happen . 
   tortilla chips are specifically the chips that go in nachos , here they are eaten with salsa almost as much as with cheese then we use different terms , cause we do n't call the whole dish nachos . 
  it 's nachos con queso ( with cheese ) , or nachos con salsa x ( with x sauce ) , the implication being that nachos is the name of the thing you dip in the bowl . 
   edit : i also never expected to see them in reference to omelettes , but then it kinda makes sense , as the action for making an omelette is fairly similar to making a half quesadilla the spanish term tortilla is older than the mexican use or quesadillas - older than europe 's arrival to america in fact . 
  in spanish , tortilla literally means `` little torta '' , torta being a generic term for food made by a mass of flour ( it comes from an old greek word for bread ) . 
  how it ended up being used to refer to omelettes is unknown , since both are very basic dishes known from immemorial times in one form or another : you do n't really need an advanced civilization to throw a couple of stirred eggs in a pan after all . 
  spanish from spain uses the term tortilla for either [ omelettes ( which we call french tortillas ) ] ( http://www.demoslavueltaaldia.com/sites/default/files/styles/article_detail/public/tortilla_francesa_3.jpg?itok=js8wazga ) or , well , [ spanish tortilla ] ( https://www.hogarmania.com/archivos/201209/tortilla-espanola-patatas-668x400x80xx.jpg ) , which is a kind of omelette too . 
  if you speak about tortillas in spain , it will be understood that you 're referring to one of those , unless you 're specifically in a mexican restaurant . 
  tortilla chips are called nachos , unless there 's a distinction i 'm not aware of . 
   how much latin american food ordinates from latin america instead of from spain itself ? 
  a huge amount , to the point that if you see a latin american dish you can assume with safety that in general it does n't come from spain : arepas , tacos , empanadas , ceviche , chip\u00e1 , quesadillas ... 
  it makes sense after all . 
  we have n't been the same country for hundreds of years , and even if we were , gastronomy tends to be regional as it depends a lot on what products are geographically more available . 
  and if you visit spain , you 'll see that an hour drive in any direction is enough to be in a place where typical dishes are wildly different . 
  there 's * a lot * of variety concentrated in such a relatively small area . 
  i made a comment yesterday to a mexican user that i think answers this question , so since it was buried in an old thread i 'll repost it here :  for what is worth , i think mexico 's behaviour towards spain during the civil war is really underrated and unknown . 
  not a lot of people know of the support you gave , and that the very president of our republic was saved of a humiliating death by the mexican government . 
   when he died in france in exile , he was refused a proper burial by french ( nazi collaborationist ) authorities , who wanted him to be buried under the new ( dictatorial ) spanish flag . 
  mexico 's ambassador intervened , facing the french authorities by saying :   lo cubrir\u00e1 con orgullo la bandera de m\u00e9xico - para nosotros ser\u00e1 un privilegio , para los republicanos una esperanza , y para ustedes , una dolorosa lecci\u00f3n   ( the flag of mexico will cover him pridefully - for us it will be a privilege ; for republicans some hope , and for you a painful lesson ), 
  i have not used firearms nor i have a particular interest in that . 
  i see automatic weapons relatively frequently in madrid ( police near important places like congress , soldiers protecting buildings that belong to the army , that sort of thing ) . 
  to be honest , after several conversations with gun owners , i think despite all the supposed logic behind owning a gun ( what i 'd the government turns evil , etc ) most people just like them as adult toys . 
  i would n't like guns becoming commonplace where i live , i think they create some sort of arms race between criminals , citizens and police , which is not worth it . 
  i 'm not scared by them , i know they are just tools , i just do n't think that the benefits of having them around outweight the risks . 
   i would very well say giving people the option to deny the right to exist to other human beeings is against life . 
  its not the state issue to support everybody with tax money , but it is verry well its issue to defend everybodies given rights , and the right to life is a right . 
  if a women gets pregnant from one of the said situations thats indeed a problematic situation , but the person that is responsible has to be punished , not the innocent child . 
  everybody would agree that killing a one year old because the circumstances of its existence are n't in favour of the mother is a crime , but somehow its totaly fine killing it if it still in the womp . 
  all that logic relies on the implication that the fetus is a child or a human life already , which absolutely is n't a given . 
  the scientific way of aproaching the problem would be that what defines a human is his brain ( a person without a leg is still a person , yet if you take the brain out then what remains is not a person but an empty body ) . 
  so a human would be a human once it has a somewhat functioning brain . 
  at one point of the pregnancy , the fetus is little more than a pool of goo , and at the other it 's become a human being with a somewhat developed brain - human life and consciousness start somewhere in the middle , but definitely not at the very start , since certainly there is no brain in that pool of goo . 
  the only way to escape the former reasoning is negating that a human is defined by its brain , and instead relying on the idea of a soul or something similar - and also believing that said soul is created at conception . 
  if you believe that , it 's your right , but then you should recognize that legislating on this idea would be imposing your religious/spiritual beliefs on the rest , which is unethical and illegal . 
  for what is worth , i think mexico 's behaviour towards spain during the civil war is really underrated and unknown . 
  not a lot of people know of the support you gave , and that the very president of our republic was saved of a humiliating death by your government . 
  when he died in france in exile , he was refused a proper burial by french ( nazi collaborationist ) authorities , and wanted him to be buried under the new ( dictatorial ) spanish flag .
