   and if they no longer wish to be ruled by it but rather wish to be independent that is their absolute right and they do n't need to have spain 's approval for that . 
  do i have a right to stop paying taxes if i decide that i no longer with to be ruled by the spanish constitution ? 
  if not , why is that different from a group of people deciding that they do n't want to follow the spanish constitution anymore ? 
   this is just dumb . 
  as i said , there are parts of both sides not willing to vote , so you ca n't count abstentions on any side . 
  i did n't , read again :  then by pure math , you can only say `` at least 42 % of catalonians support independence '' ( because 70 % of 60 is 42 ) . 
  that is still below 50 % approval . 
  that 's the objective truth , a referendum with those numbers tells you that 42 % of catalonians are in favor , and 18 % against . 
  it does n't say anything about the other 40 . 
   this was an offer that catalan governament did to madrid : choose the date , question , participation and results needed ... not our fault they said no . 
  that offer is nothing but a public show , because ** the government ca n't say yes ** . 
  they are not dictators that can act how they see fit , the possibility is unconstitutional . 
   if there 's a 60 % turn out , it will become legitimate , of course , it would n't if the turn out was a 40 % , voter turnout of more than 60 % is not enough . 
  let 's do the math : let 's say you get 70 % yes , 30 % no , and the turnout was 60 % . 
  then by pure math , you can only say `` at least 42 % of catalonians support independence '' ( because 70 % of 60 is 42 ) . 
  that is still below 50 % approval . 
  and that 's if you agree that 50 % support is enough to go for independence , which is n't really clear : people could argue that such a major move should need a high majority , of 2/3rds or whatever . 
   but having it be voted in the senate would pass the impression that for a people to gain independence it somehow needs to be approved by the people they wish to gain independence from . 
  which is the truth as of now - since catalonians are currently ruled by the constitution that [ they voted for with 80-90 % approval in all provinces ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/refer%c3%a9ndum_para_la_ratificaci%c3%b3n_de_la_constituci%c3%b3n_espa%c3%b1ola#resultados_por_provincias ) in the referendum of 1978 . 
  `` we 're here by our own accord but we do n't want to be here anymore '' would be a honest position to take and a lot of spaniards would understand it ; portraying it as a fight against an oppressor is currently a lie that only serves to antagonize the country that has to help them get the vote passed . 
  we 're the most federal non-federation there is , for fuck 's sake ; health , education , police , etc are transferred to local authorities , catalonian is an official language in the area , it 's really hard to take seriously the claims of oppression . 
  how so ? 
  brexit was accepted by everyone to be a valid referendum , so there was no possibility that those who did n't vote were boycotting the process . 
  if you did n't vote , it was clear that you were abstaining . 
  here in contrast , you ca n't know whether someone that 's not voting is just abstaining or if they 're not colaborating with what they consider an illegitimate vote . 
   2/3 of the seats is impossible because catalonia accounts for 16 % of the population of spain . 
  how many people in spain are gay ? 
  would you say that it was impossible to legalize gay marriage then , since they 're a minority ? 
  you do n't need a majority of the electorate to be part of an issue to support it . 
  the fact that people think as impossible that non-catalonians would support catalonians ' right to decide is a clear sign of everything that 's wrong with the secessionist movement . 
  they consider the rest of spain oppressors by default and antagonize them , instead of trying to get the people 's support ( while trying to change people 's minds abroad getting international support ) . 
   to which catalonia elects a tiny minority of the senators ensuring even against catalonia s will that a referendum wo n't happen . 
  that 's an empty argument . 
  people with disabilities make a tiny percentage of the electorate . 
  and yet , nobody would claim that it 's impossible to have the senate pass laws that will benefit those people . 
  non catalonian spaniards are perfectly capable of favoring the separation of catalonia or at least their right to decide , but pro-independent parties choose to antagonize the rest of spain and look for international support instead . 
  i am in support of the right to decide , and believe me , it 's really hard to keep that ideology with the amount of bullshit i 'm given just for being madrillian . 
   not really . 
  polls nowadays show that a 70-80 % want to vote , so it wo n't be a low-participation referendum . 
  it does n't matter . 
  unless you get a number of voters for `` yes '' that is higher that the sum of `` no '' + abstentions , every single party against independence will argue that abstentions are an implicit `` no '' and we 'll still go nowhere , and so the referendum will provide no useful data . 
  we just talk about `` absolute majority '' ( more than half the votes ) vs `` simple majority '' ( most voted party ) . 
  absolutes majorities are n't really thought of as positive , as they are basically a blank check to the party for 4 years . 
  is there any obvious possible coalition ? 
  excuse my ignorance , but what 's a hung parliament exactly ? 
  is n't the uk a first past the post , winner takes it all system ? 
  i 've been quite off lately and i 'm only now starting to read about the election . 
   its the fact theyre `` citizens '' and protected by that . 
  i swear i ca n't tell sarcasm from honest opinions anymore . 
   in what ways have they acted against the eu beyond trump running his mouth ? 
  trump ( either him or the administration as a whole ) has repeatedly both supported anti eu movements like the platforms in france and the netherlands , and has repeatedly tried to tempt member states into making particular deals with the us , despite knowing full well that the eu negotiates as a whole entity . 
  i consider both movements an attempt to push the eu into division to get better deals out of independent , weaker states . 
  oh look , now we have a far centrist . 
  is there no limit to your evil ? 
  are you rebutting that the trump administration is acting against the eu , or implying that it 's not americans in general ? 
  one that ignores the massive issues with targeting y as a whole , and does n't acknowledge that policies against y as a whole raise the percentage of x. 
  for a comparison of why it 's wrong , look at the statistics of crime by gender and then tell me if it would be ok to want fewer men around us . 
  all right , but apart from it , technology , hollywood , music , video games , coca cola , mcdonalds , mars candy company , colgate , nike , or starbucks , what have the ~ ~ romans ~ ~ americans ever done for us ? 
  oddly enough it translates well to spanish . 
  we also have that distinction between something being a shit or the shit . 
  i know and i agree , but try saying that to my grandmother who had their family shot by republicans . 
  if it 's about unity we wo n't find it there . 
  it 's just as divisive - it 's by definition anti monarchic and strongly tied to left wing ideology . 
  i do n't think any existing symbol would do it . 
  spaniards tend to reject nationalism very aggressively . 
  waving the flag without looking like a fascist asshole is pretty much impossible outside of sports events . 
  it 's partly an indirect consequence of our current flag being the same as it was under franco ( save the coat of arms ) . 
  waving the spanish flag next to the eu 's , however , forcibly implies ideas of democracy and removes the nationalism/xenophobia . 
  so in a way , the combination of the two is the closest thing we have to a true national symbol for our current democratic era . 
  it 's funny , because i had never consciously thought about it before . 
  i 'd agree with you , but i would n't want a pm with that cable management ... 
  that 's one thing about our government that i like ( strange thing to say ) : i have no idea about rajoy 's personal life . 
  i do n't know the name of his wife , whether he has kids or not ... not i give a fuck , frankly , he could run a bdsm club for all i care , but i do n't think i ever see them in the news . 
  i wish that was the reason we submit shit songs ... 
  is n't it just a skinned frontend for tpb now ? 
  suckers . 
  you 'll see you 're doomed when you try to defend using spanish-made weapons . 
  yup . 
  as a spanish speaker , i think most europeans ca n't understand what castro was like due to the language barrier . 
  he had both the ability to engage in interesting political discussion like noam chomsky , give passionate discourses and keep some sort of simplemans ' likeability like the one for which conservative americans loved bush jr. . add to that that he had seen half the century 's politics go by while being a significant figure , and you got this feeling hearing him as if you were watching a historical figure speak . 
  it is * really hard * not to empathize with him and to keep in mind that he 's a dictator . 
  chavez on the other hand ? 
  just a populist idiot . 
  and he 's still amazing compared to maduro . 
  really ? 
  when i went through some german courses , i was told that i had an edge on pronunciation because of having studied french previously . . at least over other spaniards . 
  it is . 
  [ by regulations from 2014 pornography produced in the uk has to refrain from an arbitraty list of acts , including some as horrible as spanking ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/culture/2014/dec/02/pornography-law-bans-list-sexual-acts-uk-made-online-films ) , while [ online pornography goes through an opt out filter to `` protect children '' . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/11960351/david-cameron-porn-filters-will-stay-despite-eu-ruling-threatening-protections.html ) all against the eu 's wishes , that considers it is a [ form of internet censorship . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/eu-rules-uks-porn-filters-are-illegal-a6711756.html ) that was the case two years ago at least , when it made international news . 
  how is it misunderstood ? 
  ( honest question ), 
  i find it weird , considering that it 's the same country where access to porn is limited and some cities are nightmarishly full of cctv . 
  how do you guys check that kids go to school ? 
  that people pay their taxes ? 
  there has to be some kind of census right ? 
  honest question : what 's the point of having to register ? 
  in my country every citizen ( that fits requirements like age ) is eligible by default . 
  you just go on election day and show your id . 
  you 're not wrong at all .
