   that headline does n't make much sense to me let me explain it to you : it is weird so you click on it so they can pay the bills . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the impact of clickbait on society will be studied in the future . 
   do your homeless people wear suit jackets ? 
  if it 's anything like spain they 'll wear whatever ends up donated to either ngos or the church . 
  not the person you replied to . 
  afaik the argument for it being disproven is that a man and a woman in the same place of work and at the same company do n't tend make different salaries based on gender - rather , there is a difference between the * average salary of a man and the average salary of a woman * . 
  people claim that this fact makes the wage gap a misunderstanding of statistics ( which is at least partly true ) . 
  the reasons for that statistical disparity are very varied : men being far more common in top positions of companies , women not advancing their career paths as much to focus instead on the family , well paying sectors like tech being predominantly male dominated , etc. 
  still , all those issues are legitimate concerns for people that work for gender equality , and i do think they deserve to be studied and addressed , hence why i do n't understand why the hate for social justice . 
  it 's just that `` ladies , the guy who 's working near you is making more than you do due to sexism '' is a falsehood due to the message being overly simplified . 
  how so ? 
  let 's say that a student investigates records of the holocaust and discovers that , while it 's effects on the jewish population and homosexual communities are well known , the effect and consequences for the roma population are understudied , and that person tries to publish information about it ( i 'm making up a random example here ) . 
  it 's the kind of thing i understood they mean as promoting social justice , and i do n't see how that is wrong . 
  what do you think they refer to ? 
  i 'd like to hear your different view , i 'm honestly not aware of the reasons for the hate against the term social justice ( annoying teenager activists aside ) . 
  am i the only one who is bothering to read about the courses instead of just the titles ? 
   preserving and interpreting knowledges of the past and promoting social justice -------------------------------------------  through the class ' weekly meetings and the development of the projects , the students and instructor questioned how knowledges about the past get preserved , or repressed . 
  it 's basically a course that teaches students to be critical of the way history is recorded and to check if there are specific groups and opinions being censored in our records . 
  that sounds like promoting critical thinking which is * very * in tune with what a university should teach . 
  by a quick google search :  this course focuses on the theories , political goals , strategies and activism of islamic feminists regionally and nationally , within the context of the emerging global feminist movement . 
  following the rise of second wave feminism in the developing world , there have been a number of responses to the inherent marginalization of women of colour and devout women from this movement . 
  as part of a much broader trend in post-colonial feminisms , islamic feminism is part of a global and diverse response through women 's political organizations in islamic countries to contribute equally to the development of civil society , social equality and a feminist re-interpretation of the qu ` ran . 
  so basically , the study of how feminist movements operate in developing countries and specific branches that try to push for a modern and feminist version of islamism . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  the titles themselves do n't lead me to believe there is anything misleading being taught , unless you have proof of historic revisionism or something like that . 
  i would n't take any of those because it 's not my cup of tea but i do n't see why they should be banned . 
  it 's not like they had a degree in homeopathy , * which is or used to be a thing in some european state funded universities * . 
   if they start talking to the us what can the eu do ? 
  worsen their stance in the negotiations i assume . 
  the eu starts from the assumption , right or not , that we have the upper hand and the uk has a lot more to lose . 
  you can always have a border between ni and the rest of the ( current ) uk ... ^ just ^ saying . 
  central spain is basically a mountainous desert . 
  al you see for kilometers is dry land and dead plants . 
  meh , he goes to a school everyday , it 's not that different from a kid that lives in a fenced community in the suburbs . 
  the commute must suck though . 
   why not ? 
  luddites come in all shapes and forms . 
  as far as i know , none of those guys has any sort of economics expertise - they 're two successful entrepreneurs and a politician good at getting elected , not exactly deep thinkers about economic trends . 
  a ludite is a person who is averse to adapting to technology or with an unjustified fear of it . 
  it does n't take much to see why the people at the head of the technology industry is a bad fit for the word . 
  as for obama , he 's not just a showman with a good face - he represents ( ed ) the american government , and if he 's up in arms about the issue you can believe that his economic advisers have good reasons to push it . 
  but forget about the speakers , the argument of authority is the lesser part of my point anyway . 
   jobs are always being destroyed . 
  eventually , your job will be destroyed . 
  that 's a feature , not a bug ; it 's the process joseph schumpeter termed `` creative destruction '' . 
  nothing of this is new . 
  it was n't long ago that 90 % of the workforce worked in the agricultural sector . 
  now it 's 2 % . 
  with all the technology created , there have never been more people with jobs in the history of mankind than today . 
  and that number will keep growing . 
  let 's make it specific : drivers , of all kinds and forms ( truckers , taxi/bus drivers , etc ) . 
  it 's not the closest job that 's about to be rendered obsolete , but it makes for a very clear example . 
  once self driving cars hit the market , you 'll have most of them fired in a decade . 
  what do you do with those people ? 
  sure , there will be new job openings ( ai programmers , control centers , etc. ), 
  but none of these drivers will be qualified for them . 
  the problem is not the disappearance of jobs , as there will be new ones - it 's the disappearance of jobs for the low educated segments of the population , and how sudden it will be , too sudden for that group of people to adapt in time . 
  and it 's not only their problem - without them consuming goods , the industries that offer products for them will fall too . 
  in the long term the new generation will ( hopefully ) be better educated and prepared for our new world and we 'll get a net win - but we need to go through the jump first , and with things as it is we 'll struggle * a lot * . 
  that 's why i was complaining on our current ways , we are in some ways pushing for that effect to hit us in full force because we are in a way rewarding cheap jobs - the low education ones . 
  [ this article by the economist is quite good , take a look at it , as it address your points . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21594264-previous-technological-innovation-has-always-delivered-more-long-run-employment-not-less ), 
   reddit has a luddite obsession with automation destroying jobs and bringing some sort of economic apocalypse that has been running for a few years and keeps going strong . 
  so far productivity statistics ( and unemployment numbers ) have proved them wrong . 
  i suspect luddite record of being wrong for 200 years and counting wo n't come to an end any time soon . 
  it is not an obsession due to being a redditor . 
  i am a programmer in cutting edge environments and my formation includes the latest developments on ai and machine learning - * i 've already rendered dozens of jobs useless myself * . 
  it 's gon na get worse soon , and it 's going to be quite sudden - remember how much time it took for gps devices from them being unknown to them being in pretty much every single car ? 
  it is a big enough problem to be pursued by obama in every ocasion during his discourses . 
  [ here 's elon musk talking about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lre6gxique&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=22m41s ) . 
  bill gates has been warning about the issue [ for years now . 
  ] ( http://www.inc.com/suzanne-lucas/bill-gates-on-the-future-of-employment.html ) you can hardly accuse them of being luddites . 
  we knew about the real estate clusterfuck that was to come for years and ignored because it was a long term problem , let 's not repeat the same mistake . 
   there 's only one way of stopping and reverting brain drains : private investment in firms . 
  for instance , the government should keep on lowering the corporate tax . 
  there are hundred of ways to push for innovation and added value job creation . 
  it 's a disgrace , for example , that in a country like ours that is in such a need of work we 're still ranking among the worst nations to start a business due to our bureaucracy . 
   would n't some people decide to open up businesses , websites , sell homemade goods etc. 
  first , being a small business owner / freelance worker is hell in spain , both form a bureaucratic perspective and in terms of taxes you have to deal with . 
  you ca n't even think about it unless you already have some decent capital , a safety net and contacts already , and the few people that has that privilege do n't fit the young & unemployed category anyway . 
  second , as most left wing economist point out , ignoring the economy of consumers is a big mistake . 
  basically , in a place where everyone is struggling to make ends meet you 'll have a hard time convincing those people to spend money on your business - which in turn makes it harder for you to start/keep a business . 
  the more people struggle the less money they 'll spend , which is why a lot of people are against austerity , pointing out that it would be better for the state to `` take a hit '' spending money in stimulation packages to support business creation and softening conditions for the unemployed , and then recover later when the economy is booming . 
  going back to your question , people either survive through very short term jobs in illegal conditions , emigrate , or spend their time on courses in a desperate attempt to become more employable . 
  i am still extremely skeptical of an economy model based on `` i can do it cheaper '' and `` flexibilization '' of workers ' rights . 
  first , because i am not fully sold on that better conditions will come once unemployment hits a good figure , and most importantly because i am convinced that we 're gon na be hit big time under this model when automation takes away low end jobs - we are seriously ignoring r & d , fixing our brain drain , and everything that supports the kind of jobs that will survive that next stage . 
  i 'm starting to hear comments on `` the housing market recovering and becoming safe to invest in again '' and i 'm getting shivers , it 's like we have n't learned a thing . 
  depends on working conditions . 
  i assume being a primary teacher of 10 kids with good resources and being a primary teacher of 35 kids is a different beast . 
  same for schedule , overtime , etc. 
  underrated comment . 
  the only sources i 've seen so far are the sun , the daily mail , and none in spanish - do you guys have any other ? 
  social liberalism and keynesian economics would be more accurate , i guess . 
  classical liberalism does n't really have a focus on equality . 
  but i 'm probably symplifying , let me translate a quote from an interview :  the ecb goes after a very specific model of society : draghi himself talked about reducing salarial costs to become more competitive . 
  he added that our country had to search for its comparative advantages , which basically means that he 's sending us to a global market to compete against the whole world to see who has the lowest prices . 
   social democracy ca n't survive that institutional space , because in order to compete and sell cheaper than competitors one needs to have cheaper workers and take economic measures that are n't compatible with a welfare state . 
  under such a flexible , unregulated and competitive version of capitalism , social democracy loses its space . 
   unchecked capitalism is n't compatible with democracy because under this system votes are determined by money . 
  but mainly there is another imperative , which is ecology : our planet ca n't handle a production model based on an ever increasing expansion and competitiveness like the one we currently have .
