  other europeans : please notice the spanish custom of treating portugal as if it wasnt there in almost all the maps . 
  it certainly does . 
  math books in spanish are a pain , it is very difficult to be precise without being pedantic . 
   madrid 2 million muslim spaniards say otherwise , we 're not changing opinion about them because a couple of assholes get some dynamite . 
  please avoid simplifying the discussion to `` their religion is bad '' ; it 's bad to have the majority hurt a minority but it 's even worse when it 's the whole majority being blamed for a minority . 
  i think i have never seen a politician in my country giving a speech like that . 
  i do n't know if they 're all mediocre politicians or just shitty speakers . 
  in any case , cool to know there are guys like timmerman in `` our '' government . 
  this is a cultural problem that i think we need to solve all across europe . 
  no one would actually go to an engineer and tell them `` hey i do n't know anything about engineering nor want to learn , but here 's what you should do '' yet for politics it 's fair game . 
  i 'm not saying we should restrict voting to those who are informed because that rule could easily be abused , but the people should self restrict until being informed . 
  i 'm interested in the mediaset takeover , since they own part of the media in spain . 
  should we expect any changes in their political stance and/or general philosophy ? 
  ** spain ** nothing really important this week so far , news are centered mostly on siria . 
  madrid is experimenting with blocking the city center to traffic : the main road is temporarily closed except for one line , with all the rest being left for pedestrians ; the change will become permanent if it works . 
  some people applaud the attempt since our city is far from being cyclist friendly , but transforming the city is going to make for a rough transition and most drivers are quite annoyed about it . 
  can we just stop giving importance to anything he says ? 
  just do n't feed the troll ... 
   though employment is growing at 3 percent annually , the imf identified spain 's long-term and youth unemployment rates - second highest in the eu behind greece - and large proportion of temporary contracts as weaknesses . 
   ( ... ) but it also urged spain to go further by better targeting hiring subsidies for employers and increasing incentives for them to award staff permanent contracts . 
  same kind of bullshit as always . 
  we know the song and dance , end result : the way of making the companies use non-temporary contracts is watering them down those contracts until the worker can be fired just as easily as if the contract was temporary , and then giving the companies subsidies . 
  companies gain free money , the state gets to cook the figures and tell people that now there are more non-temporary contracts , the worker stays as fucked as he already was ; and the tax money that went to those subsidies wo n't go for public services . 
  the economy does n't improve because workers are as fucked as always and ca n't consume , so new jobs and businesses wo n't be created by their potential consumption . 
  since the beginning of the crisis ( aside of the lack of jobs ) , my family has had to spend twice as much in education , get a private health insurance because public hospitals wo n't treat my mother 's cancer properly , pay more taxes , we ca n't turn heating on because it 's too expensive , my elder relatives died early due to not being able to get the proper assistance they needed for their disability , my parents probably wo n't get a pension because being unemployed does n't allow you to contribute to the public retirement found , public transportation is more expensive ... with all that weight falling on the shoulders of poor families when they need help the most , how do they expect the economy to improve ? 
  how are people going to buy the products and services of potential new businesses , if they can barely survive and pay rent ? 
  we do n't need subsidies for business owners , they 're already ok ; we need the poor to be lifted of the weight they were put on under the name of austerity , so they can consume . 
   good . 
  a democratic political system only truly works if parties actively oppose each other and policies are decided by elections rather than compromise between politicians . 
  are you serious ? 
  full lack of compromise is a clusterfuck , it means becoming stuck in a loop of one party undoing what the other did in an endless cycle . 
  i honestly do n't care when the sun comes out ; i 'll be in the office anyway . 
  i want to see the sun for as much time as possible once i 'm out in the evening . 
  leaving work to a dark sky is depressing as fuck . 
  it 's just a number until you consider that it 's more people than the whole population of norway and denmark combined . 
   president borut pahor is a politician well versed in communication with voters and has managed to produce several memes before the author seems to think that becoming a meme is a sign of technical expertise . 
  no answer to the main question here : will users have data coverage inside ? 
  if not this is savagery . 
  look , they 're gon na build a wall . 
  we were missing an option for `` i barely remember my own name , and you want me to tell the mods apart ? 
  el pa\u00eds is one of the main newspapers in spain , it 's considered to follow a similar political line to the guardian in the uk . 
  they publish in english too , although i do n't know what percentage of the articles get an english version . 
  http://elpais.com/elpais/inenglish.html things to take into account : - they usually support the psoe ( moderate left ) and specifically the traditional branch of the party . 
  that means that they have a bias against podemos ( far left ) and against the members of the psoe that support pacting with podemos . 
  in everything else they are usually level headed , but in that particular issue they usually show clickbaity anti-podemos headlines that are then rebutted in the article itself . 
  - their coverage of american politics and technology news tends to be awful ( not biased , just low quality ) , so ignore those . 
  other than that , they 're trustable !, 
   so the right wing government ca n't rob the poor completely , because if they do psoe will topple the government in a vote of confidence ? 
  seems like it will produce some reasonable policy a vote of confidence is unlikely , i think . 
  the most probable situation if the right acts on their own would be a full congress block where no law will pass through , until the right gives up and calls for an election . 
  you need to understand that spain is n't yet fully adapted to the idea of a multi-party democracy - we 're used to two main parties and one of them getting full power , american style . 
  that 's why , now that we have plurality , we had to repeat elections and still we did n't get a coalition government , which was the reasonable outcome . 
  rajoy eventually got the presidency because the other parties were unable to pact for about a year - the spin of the right wing was `` you are leaving spain ungoverned fighting each other for power , if you ca n't pact then let the most voted party govern '' , and it was working - support for all other parties was dropping more and more . 
  it 's a simplification , as there was some deep game of thrones shit going on , but that was basically what let the right win stay in power . 
  that 's why i think that a `` direct '' vote of no confidence is unlikely - whoever votes in favor will still be harmed by the `` you 're blocking government '' rethoric and new elections would give more power to the right . 
  the other parties will probably instead slowly burn the government and let them become unpopular , they win nothing by calling for new elections if the result is even less favorable for them . 
  that government is n't in power anymore !, 
  they have a congress against them now . 
  hence raising minimum wage , partially repealing the ley mordaza , choosing the sugar drinks tax instead of raising iva ( vat ) and now this . 
  it 's ... 
  almost as if the system is working reasonably well . 
  i ca n't hear you guys over our 70 % ^ ( we can brag for once , let us do it ), 
   thirdly , i would n't say 75 % can be evenly extrapolated over the untested unaccompanied minor population but statistically it 's highly likely that there is still a significant number in the untested population that are above 17 . 
  we do n't have a whole lot of information behind who reports these `` suspicions '' and on what basis . 
  i do n't agree with the first of those sentences but i do agree with the second . 
  unless i 'm wrong , there is not a way to deduce from the data that there is a significant number in the untested population - the only way i can think of for that to be true for a non-random sample is if the number of people tested was a decent proportion of the whole , which is n't the case . 
  for me , not knowing how the sample was taken makes the data is simply useless , both ways . 
  that , of course , does n't mean that there are n't a significant numbers of refugees pretending to be minors , they could be . 
  it 's just that the data does n't offer any kind of proof . 
   here are some figures for you . 
  if 1000 are tested this year and 75 % turn out to be lying then that means there are 750 asylum-seekers who have cost the state additional money and been placed into accomodation with actual minors representing a direct threat to many more . 
  tell me more about how this is `` irrelevant '' and many other words for `` i do n't give a fuck '' . 
  the `` representing a threat '' part ca n't be followed from your logic . 
  if a 19 year old manages to get in with a bunch of 17 year olds , it does n't follow that the 19 year old will be a threat to the 17 year olds . 
  the rest of your argument is sound if 1000 are tested this year and 75 % are found to be lying . 
  but that has n't happened , you 're crying wolf over a test that still was n't even carried out ( or at least you do n't have the results ) , considering only the results you * think * will be shown . 
   but legally denmark is allowed to repatriate them back to turkey as well . 
  as far as i know a person can only be repatriated to their own country . 
  unless turkey gave those people citizenship i do n't think your argument works, 
   that was terrible he 's completely correct . 
  those people that are suspicious enough to have a test carried out have way more chances of being underage than the rest , which is why the test is being carried out in the first place . 
  it 's like saying `` 80 % of people judged for murder are found to be guilty , therefore 80 % of the population are murderers '' . 
  it 's absurd because a random citizen is n't judged for murder unless there 's some evidence pointing to them in the first place . 
  [ i 'm ok with this one ] ( http://m.memegen.com/laa6pz.jpg ), 
  does that mean that i get to qualify as refugee in norway ? 
  if so i 'm in !, 
    hi from paris . 
  everyone here waits for the metro exactly the same way as the finns wait for the bus . 
  as , in my experience , is also the case with the berliners and londonians . 
  ( and new yorkers and tokyoites and bostonians and even capetonians . ), 
  that 's obviously different . 
  the metro has doors all over the structure , so it makes sense to spread , while in a bus you 'll be all going in through the same door and it makes more sense to wait where said door will be . 
  which is ... ? 
  sooo ... what 's easier to get into , switzerland or norway ? 
  i can bring tapas !, 
   what a load of bullshit , you 're charging against the newspaper because comments they have no control over . 
  i have not blamed the newspaper at any moment . 
  i was merely commenting about the commenters ( valga la redundancia ) . 
  [ now ] ( http://gaceta.es/noticias/juan-manuel-prada-explica-pornografia-antesala-pederastia-25042016-1911 ) , if you ask [ me ] ( http://img01.quesabesde.com/media/img/noti/0095/rajoy_patxot_32.jpg ) , i [ do ] ( http://www.ciberdroide.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/abc.es_.portada.jpg ) have my [ opinion ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-plwedo8m8wc/uwickze4adi/aaaaaaaaa3i/ggr1cart-1o/s1600/sdvdff.png ) on the newspaper itself . 
  but that 's beside the point .
