  i do n't want to see it , i just find it weird that people are able to do so . 
  damn , it 's going to be a bitch to replace those lightbulbs . 
  holy shit you were n't lying , that room is a thing of beauty ( picture one ) . 
  i know is a joke , but what references to god are there in the lyrics ? 
  goddammit , we need to rebuild the tercios . 
  in some situations , sure ; but in this context i think it was worrying . 
  i 'm afraid he 's pandering to the low cultured average joe that have lost jobs in industrial areas to outsourcing ; but every single economist and the ( sigh ) former president are warning constantly that all those jobs are already doomed by automation anyway ; trying to hold on to them could be an economic disaster in the mid to long term . 
  plus from an international perspective i 'm worried thinking about coal ; the environment does n't look like a priority in `` america first '' policies . 
  time will tell ... 
  yet there was . 
  `` america first '' , he said a thousand times . 
  aka `` if i can give people work by subsidizing coal we 'll have tremendous fumes , folks '' . 
  you did n't worry about the mentions to offshore works and abandoned factories ? 
  if i were american i 'd be worried about the potential attempts to intervene in the economy and ignore globalization . 
   his speech could n't have been more worrying ... oh , it definitely could . 
  remember he 's nonchalantly dropped threats to free press and imprisonment of political opponents during the campaign . 
  for a president , it was worrisome ; for trump is was tame . 
  i tried searching in spanish and english media but there 's no mention of it that i could find , just `` fraud with the use of electronic means '' . 
  when things do n't go well people support change . 
  does n't matter * what * change . 
  we 're still trying to figure out if this is all a viral campaign to promote house of cards ... 
  i would do it once , just to get an intuitive idea of the size of the world . 
  planes sort of feel like teleportation chambers , you hop in and after some time you 're at your destination . 
  you do n't get any idea of the distance you traveled and the places you passed through ( or over ) . 
  plus ... there are trains , and [ trains . 
  ] ( https://api.venuelust.com/images/2015/11/grand-hiberian-luxury-train-ireland-honeymoon-belmond.jpg/?source_path=%2f%2fvenuelust.com%2fwp-content%2fuploads%2f ), 
  can we have some context ? 
  i did n't know the man or his shows but it sounds interesting . 
  i think the irregularity of the blocks and floor , as well as the size , are partly meant to give the vibe of a presence looming over you . 
  however it is true that the structure invites to play with it , and even more in the context of tourists passing a holiday . 
  the second thing my tour guide ( shotout to freetours ) said in berlin was not to do this very thing . 
  just after `` cyclists are n't a joke here , they 'll fuck you up if you get in the way '' . 
  as a spaniard , i realize that we have goals to meet but i do n't know what more could be asked of us . 
  in the name of austerity , now if i am ever subjected to illegal treatment , i have to pay for the justice to consider my case . 
  i went to a public hospital some time ago to check a mole that started hurting and increasing in shape and they gave me an appointment for november 2017 due to lack of resources . 
  hundreds of students drop out because of increasing costs of university . 
  how much more are we supposed to reduce public spenditure ? 
  and at what cost ? 
  the economy is recovering , but we still need some space to breathe . 
  otherwise short term budget balance will lead us down a very dark path in the medium to long term . 
   under facebook 's fact-checking system , stories reported as fake by users will be sent to correctiv , a nonprofit news organization based in berlin . 
  if an item is deemed false , it will be marked as `` disputed , '' along with a justification for the label , and the site will warn users before they share it . 
  it 's not depending on source but on the text itself . 
  god no , then we 'd run out of money just by printing a vessel 's name on the side . 
  looking at his wikipedia page ...  in 2007 , his father 's company , kushner companies , made the most expensive single-building property purchase in us history , acquiring 666 fifth avenue . 
  i mean , i 'm starting to notice some signals here . 
  yup . 
  there was a running joke that you should be careful of fishing by never putting your personal data in sites marked as safe , as those could n't possibly have been made by public servants . 
  [ here 's one ! ] ( https://www.murcia.es/ ) . 
  a regional one , but still . 
  i know it sounds petty , but i am fucking jealous that their government was able to come up with such a website . 
  ours usually are even flagged by google because they do n't comply with security certificates :( edit : [ here 's one !, 
  that 's been a trend for some time now . 
  i ca n't tell him apart from the parodies . 
   `` it 's obsolete , first because it was designed many , many years ago , '' if he thinks nato is too old , the reporter should have asked him if he thinks the same of the second amendment , for example . 
  or their whole constitution since we 're at it . 
   jared kushner , trump 's son-in-law , is a natural talent who will bring about an accord with israel hoooly shit . 
  yep . 
  the full story is a little more convoluted : the potential coalition of psoe + podemos upset them not only because they do n't like podemos , but because it would imply reaching an agreement with regional parties ; that is to say , the issue of catalonia would come into play . 
  the establishment would n't want to touch that issue because they consider the unity of spain to be non-negotiable . 
  #spain : we just had quite a plot twist in our current political scene !, 
  ** patxi lopez announced he 'll run for the psoe primaries . 
  ** drama fans , let me add some context : psoe ( the main left wing party ) used to be run by pedro sanchez , from the base militants/popular wing of the party . 
  some months ago , sanchez was in talks to form a left wing government in coalition with podemos and regional parties ; this possibility upset the establishment wing of his party , who used a mass resignation to force sanchez out . 
  the move left the psoe headless - and unable to negotiate a coalition government . 
  thus , the only option left was to consent to a right wing government . 
  since psoe had campaigned * specifically asking people to help them take the right down * , their implicit support to the right was regarded as straight betrayal by many voters . 
  in a few months the psoe , which is still headless , will hold their primaries to see who becomes the new leader of the party . 
  susana diaz , head of the establishment wing and author of the plot that took sanchez down , was expected to run . 
  people expected sanchez to announce his candidacy and fight to take the party back . 
  but now , patxi lopez is running . 
  he is from the same wing of the party as sanchez , albeit more moderate ; so now if sanchez were to run he would split his wing , almost certainly giving his contenders the victory . 
  the move is so convenient to the establishment ( it 's practically a backstabbing of sanchez by his own wing ) that some people wonder if there is something fishy going on . 
  time will tell what happens , but for now the psoe 's reputation is hitting rock bottom due to such internal drama , to the point that podemos will probably overtake them as the reference left wing party in the country . 
  it is not the eu ( or the uk ) 's fault to mention deportation . 
  foreigners are allowed to stay because of being part of the eu , if they are n't anymore you need to fill the legal void with something . 
  it 's not that hard to grasp , if a deal is broken a new one has to be put in place and all the parts need to be discussed . 
  the title is clearly misleading . 
  the spanish royal family does n't provide anything , among other things because they have nothing to provide . 
  they just act as negotiators/ambassators because the saudis like dealing with a royal family more than doing so with an elected leader . 
  the deal is closed with the state . 
  i 'm still against the deal , mind you . 
  but it has nothing to do with the royal family . 
  i did n't even hear about the original news . 
  well , obviously you ca n't propose freedom of movement only for your citizens and not for the others , and expect the others to agree . 
   it 's pretty overcrowded and without freedom of movement it was only going to get worse . 
  but you already had freedom of movement . 
  that 's what guys * did n't want to have * ( ? ), 
  for that to be effective we would need more people in our institutions that understood tech . 
  maybe a europe-wide association dedicated to explain technological matters ? 
  knowing the eu , there is probably a great one hidden in a bureaucratic corner and no one knows about it . 
   thereby eventually getting over 100 % . 
  surely just * reaching * 100 % ? 
  otherwise you would reach a point where increasing your salary decreases what you take home , and you could even end up having a negative salary . 
  i 'm going to guess he is against `` normalizing homosexuality '' , which is somewhat reasonable if you happen to consider homosexuality an illness or vicious behaviour ... 
  which is a silly starting point to begin with , but if you start there then not wanting equal rights is consistent . 
   i just delete my accounts frequently and create new ones because i think it is better for my privacy . 
  unrelated to the conversation , but you can use a script to edit/remove all your comments from time to time . 
  it 's better than creating a new account because that way you do n't run the risk of being caught in automoderator measures that target new accounts and things like that . 
  not bad !,
