  we 're at the other side of the continent so information about russia is scarce at best , the only time the name of russia comes up in national history is during the civil war , when the western world 's governments looked away and russia was among the few to help the republic . 
  that is n't to say that we hold a positive view of the soviet union , but their image is probably not negative enough to be used as an argument in favor of nato . 
  - last , but not least , trump . 
  * theres no way in hell that spaniards are going to support something remotely resembling helping trump prepare for war . 
  i mean , from the point of view of spain , it 's really hard to swallow `` keep cutting health , education and pensions to tighten the budget or you get sanctions , but at the same time double military spending '' . 
   too bad the article does n't explain `` why '' or `` how '' ? 
  people disgracing the concept of tortilla and paella live mostly abroad , so they do n't count as national murder . 
  well , the good news here is that in order to get you above 0.63 we only need to kill two czechs . 
  do you happen to have any particularly noisy neighborus you want to get rid of ? 
  we have government places with literal bowls of free condoms at the entrance to grab for free , as well as workers that offer free sex education , and they go around public schools about once a year teaching you about it and giving out leaflets . 
  second in eu by lowest number of murders after austria ... well we ca n't have that . 
  come here !, 
   pasta with ketchup  pasta with ketchup fuck smoking bans , where are eu regulations when we truly need them ? 
  well , you need to ask 3 questions after the union : - would iu voters keep voting for the coalition ? 
  - would podemos voters keep voting for the coalition ? 
  - would moderate ( psoe voters ) that had switched the vote to podemos maintain their switch after the coalition ? 
  it is very apparent that iu and podemos voters would keep voting for the coalition - given that there was n't much of a clash between the ideologies and fusion was done because the bases were asking for it . 
  then , you need to understand that due to the quirks of the spanish electoral law , had the coalition gotten the same or even significantly fewer votes , they would still have improved their position - our voting law benefits larger parties , as there 's a cut that you need to make regionally or else those votes basically are n't counted . 
  so , it is clear that there was a fall that was caused by moderates voters fleeing podemos , and it was extreme enough that it countered both the addition of iu voters , and the technical improvement by overriding the voting law limits . 
  we need to take a look then at what caused this fall . 
  and there are three posibilities : 1 - podemos-iu alliance bothered the moderates 2 - podemos refusing to support a government with the moderates in lead , and instead forcing a second election , bothered the moderates . 
  3 - podemos insulting historical moderate figures bothered the moderates . 
  given that iu and the moderates have historically always voted together , and that podemos is politically in a middle point between them , i think reason 1 is a poor explanation for such a hard shift . 
  2 and 3 are far more reasonable to explain the fall . 
   it did n't work in spain with podemos and the radical left , even though hamon is from the socialists . 
  in spain they did n't get additional votes in the general election by combining their forces . 
  that is n't right . 
  they did get votes by joining ; however , by the time the second elections happened , podemos had screwed royally a deal with the moderate left ( insulting one of their ideological leaders ) . 
  in the end , the loss of moderate votes becasue of the issue with their main party evened out with the surge because of the union with iu , but those were different issues . 
  if podemos had united with iu in the first elections before all that happened , they would have crushed it . 
  ( also i 'm not sure you can classify iu as radical left ... in spain the radical left does n't vote , as they consider elections to be a trap to perpetuate the flawed system . 
  you can see their flyers everywhere come election time urging people not to vote or to vote blank/null ) . 
   sir ,  may god fuck you all . 
  two lines and i 'm already sold . 
   if you want to enact 300 year old treaties , we 'd like to buy back orkney and shetland . 
  i think you did n't understand the issue correctly . 
  the treaty is not an old piece of legislation used by spain to try and claim back gibraltar . 
  the treaty is the reason why the uk owns gibraltar now in the first place . 
  the spanish government is implicitly recognizing that the uk has the right of gibraltar as a whole due to that treaty ; however , they are pointing that the uk is using more space than the one they have a claim on . 
  yeah i was n't really defending our government 's position , just pointing out that it 's a different issue than the ownership of gibraltar itself . 
  it was a top level answer , apparently removed by the mods . 
  the post 's comments were a little shittier when it was more recent . 
  thanks !, 
  and sorry if it came out as a little aggressive . 
   spain argues that gibraltar airport is illegally located on spanish land . 
  it says the 1713 treaty of utrecht , which ceded the town , castle and port of gibraltar to britain , did not include the rights to the isthmus on which the airport is built . 
  this is the real issue . 
  it 's not about gibraltar itself , but about the specific part where the airport is built , that according to government claims should n't be part of english territories , as they claim that the uk has `` pushed the border '' building in spanish territory . 
  if it 's anything like the spanish hornada , it 's literally `` an ovenful of '' , and there 's no way it was n't intentional . 
  can we stop with all comments with structures like : - b. . but ... [ misrepresented opposite view ] . 
  - it 's almost as if [ oversimplified explanation ] - [ misrepresented opposite view ] / s - durr durr [ anything ] - i 'm sure that [ sarcastic affirmation about opponents ] . 
  it 's fucking everywhere and does n't add anything to the discussion . 
  ( i 'm not directed specifically at you op , i just wanted to mention it ) . 
   the possibility of russian ( or any other country ) influencing your domestic policy is apparently a joke or a minor problem to you ? 
  it should be self evident why that is a serious threat . 
    true enough , had the establishment democrats not systematically sabotaged bernie 's campaign , perhaps he would have won . 
  and in russia 's case , most people want to be on better terms with russia , or at the very least not dragged into another conflict by a sociopathic warlord ( hillary ) . 
  i 'll ignore the bernie sanders part because i do n't see how it is in any way related to potential russian influence . 
  the `` people want to be in better terms with russia '' statement , hopefully , does not justify in your view russia interfering with your elections . 
  and hillary , again , has nothing to do with the issue at hand - and even if she did , it 's a very poor counter argument being that bannon is right now in power pushing for war in europe . 
   i personally think his candor and willingness to point out that many nato countries are n't paying their fair share has triggered europeans , but i do not think those attributes are bad . 
  do not blame the mirror for reflecting an ugly image . 
  merkel has flatly said he 's right in that , you 're deluded if you think that is the issue for europeans . 
   not really , no . 
  since most of it is nonsense talk . 
  the women 's march , for example , most of the women in foreign countries had no idea what donald actually stood for , there were merely regurgitating talking points fed to them by their respective leftist media we have first hand sources of him bragging of sexual abuse . 
  there is no media in the middle . 
  that , and your point fails to acknowledge that in europe the `` leftist '' media is n't against trump - the whole of media is , along with the whole population , with very few exceptions . 
  in my country for example , a total of 0 of the 5 main parties support trump . 
  i do n't even know where to start ... 
  judges provide a balance to the president power and are doing its job . 
  wanting trump to be above the judicial power is as anti democratic as it gets , akin to refusing to step down after your term is over . 
  the media 's duty is precisely to challenge the powers that be . 
  media that simply backs the president is n't media , it 's propaganda . 
  the possibility of russian ( or any other country ) influencing your domestic policy is apparently a joke or a minor problem to you ? 
  it should be self evident why that is a serious threat . 
  and as for `` no end game , no reason '' , be rational . 
  do you think that pretty much all developed countries in the world are against him because of stupidity ? 
  perhaps when the whole world disagrees with you , it 's time to take a look at the other side 's arguments , do n't you think ? 
  is it a serious or sarcastic question ? 
  great to see something positive about us from time to time !, 
   who collects records great , so now we know who 's the cia mole . 
  so you really think europe should call for a new crusade ? 
  you have to catch up with about 500 years of european advancements dude . 
  podemos , when it was just born ( read : when no one had heard of them ) was a random anti-establishment party without a really defined ideology other than `` lets change the system '' and people with all kind of opinions was part of it . 
  from that stage of the party there are documents showing anti-european ideology , from the anti-capitalist branch of the party . 
  after they had a surge in european elections , and they realized that they actually were going to be a somewhat important party , they got their shit together , adopted a consistent ideology and defined their views , dropping also their more extreme and/or unfeasible ideas . 
  from that point on they defined themselves as a pro-europe party that , however , is against some european policies ( namely , austerity ) . 
  after brexit , for example , the message was clear : `` this is a sad day for europe '' . 
  right wing media has been trying to push the idea that podemos will take us out of europe using those original traces of anti europeism , in order to harm them politically ; specially after brexit ( it 's basically a call to fear : `` these guys are populists , look at what populists did in the uk ) '' . 
  i do n't think they 'll ever become anti european , as it would be political suicide . 
  i know i would stop giving them my vote the very moment they tried to push for anti-europeism , and i 'm hardly an exception . 
   bannon expressed himself as a great believer in the sanitizing function of violence and war . 
  europe can only be saved by a violent conflict because we are at war with islam , according to bannon . 
  i still ca n't wrap my head around it : this guy is one of the most powerful members of america 's government . 
  i wonder how many americans know about his views ( vs just ignorant voters ) and among them , how many actually support it ( vs voting for what they believe to be the lesser evil ) . 
  podemos ( new left wing party ) just celebrated its primaries this weekend . 
  the frontrunners were iglesias , who has been leading the party until now and supports a rethoric of protest and confrontation with the establishment , and errejon , who wanted to cut ties with other left wing parties and try to aim for a more centrist and pro-dialogue approach . 
  iglesias ' candidature crushed it in all projects being voted , and he got 89 % of votes as president ( where errejon was n't running ) . 
  errejon will remain as one of the party 's most important figures but he and his wing are expected to lose some power .
