  died in 2011 . 
  texas lawmakers spar over & # 39 ; anti-vaccine measure & # 39 ; texas lawmakers spar over ` anti-vaccine measure ' i n 2006 , j.w. 
  sued pharmaceutical company sanofi pasteur , which produced the vaccine , blaming it for his decline in health . 
  the case was brought before the court of appeal in france , which ruled that there was no scientific consensus supporting a causal link and no evidence of a causal link between the hepatitis b vaccine and the man 's multiple sclerosis , therefore dismissing the action . 
  this judgment was appealed and brought to the french court of cessation , which took it to the european court of justice . 
  the court of justice said that `` specific and consistent evidence '' relating to timeliness , a prior healthy status , lack of family history and multiple cases may prove to be enough , according to a statement . 
  's case referred to the first three criteria . 
  so ... let 's reduce this to the absurd . 
  say that all kids get a certain vaccine at the age of 7 . 
  if thousands of them happen to be infected by head lice around that time ( which is sort of common at that age ) can they , under this ruling , blame the vaccine for causing the head lice ? 
  because that is what i 'm getting by this ruling . 
  we are ... miracolous ? 
  what would that be ? 
  also , our tipical sickness is not giving a shit . 
  does the i stand for infidels in general ? 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ kidding . 
  how do you feel about skin cancer ? 
  if it 's not a big deal just come to spain , to one of those ~ ~ invader strongholds ~ ~ expat communities . 
  no need to learn anything . 
   he is the second spanish bullfighter to die in the ring in the past year . 
  victor barrio was killed after being gored by a bull in front of spectators last july , the first time since the early 1990s a professional matador had died in the ring in spain i wonder if there 's a reason for that . 
  lowering of safety standards or something ? 
   how can anyone not support burying people in ditches with dignity ??? 
  the usual phrase uttered by conservatives is `` no hay que reabrir viejas heridas '' ( we must not reopen old wounds ) . 
  it 's some kind of veiled appeal to fear that bringing back the atrocities commited would also bring back the ideological conflict - which sort of worked during the first years of the transition , but new generations do n't live at all under the shadow of a possible conflict , a civil war would be ridiculous right now so we 're far more free to be blunt about what happened . 
  a second argument of choice is `` at some point these things become history , we do n't remove the statues of medieval kings despite their acts that are horrible to our current ideology '' . 
  the closest simile i can think of in american politics is the mess that happened a few weeks/months ago due to the removal of confederate symbols in some southern cities . 
  it 's similar in a way : southerners will not declare themselves racists and will feel extremely offended if you suggest that they are , but at the same time they refuse to let go confederate imagery . 
  i do n't see how your ideology and religion affects the issue . 
  if anything , as a catholic you should be even more disgusted by the crimes of the regime - we 're still , these past months in 2017 , finding out about women whose children were taken away at birth by catholic nuns to give them to catholic families instead , for example . 
  the argument of succession is very weak : first , you are assuming that franco had freedom of choice , which is not the case : his most trusted man and potential successor was carrero blanco , a military man and hardly a democrat ; and it was only his assassination by eta that avoided the continuation of franco 's legacy . 
  then there 's the fact that spain had been isolated in europe for decades - a more hard line choice could have lead to a second civil war , and external powers would have acted quite differently that second time . 
  franco knew that his only chance of political survival was to be soft enough that other countries could sort of look away . 
  the rethoric of `` at least franco avoided a communist dictatorship '' is usual among americans , and rarely among natives - and for a good reason . 
  it 's a fallacy that brushes away the fact that the republic was a democracy , with left and right wing governments . 
  the only reason why avoiding the mere possibility of an approximation to soviets is important is in the context of american geopolitics , and specifically the branch of american politics that was happy to support dictatorships in latin america when it suited its needs . 
  never from the point of view of natives - if you consider the people * people * , and not pawns in a chess game against the soviet union , there 's no way to support a dictatorship over the republic . 
  and , if assuming the eventual creation of a soviet-friendly regime is far fetched , imagine how far fetched it is to also just assume that it would have eventually lead to a harder transition into democracy - at that point you 'd be justifying real events with science fiction . 
  we had a strong ally in mexico . 
  not that it would have turned the war around , but i think their support is n't as remembered as it should be . 
  speaking highly of franco would be political suicide coming from any party . 
  no public figure of any relevance that i know of praises francoism . 
  some old people still defend him and younger people kind of look the other way , in the way that you would try to ignore a sudden racist or homophobe comment coming from grandpa , but that 's about it . 
  there is however controversy on how to deal with our past . 
  the right defends letting things go ( which implies not removing francoist symbology , not giving proper burial for republicans that are still lying in unmarked graves , etc ) while the left supports social justice and wishes for a situation similar to the way germany treats their nazi heritage . 
  some pro francoist associations exist , and they are legal , although an extreme minority ; and former members of the dictatorship transitioned into democratic life with no punishment whatsoever ( the current right wing party , the pp , was famously funded by people related to the regimen , including a former minister under franco ) but at this point they 're all dead of old age or about to go that way . 
  meh , we only see him giving a speech on tv in new year , it would make good comedy . 
  kings are n't what they used to be . 
   more of an ex ? 
  ex that publicly shares your sex life ...  at least you do n't have those stupid habsburgs anymore . 
  you just quietly took the french monarchy while they were being murdered i kind of wish we had one of those deformed kings , they were like the royal equivalent of a pug . 
  i was talking about the anglo-portuguese relationship and their temporal cheating with us . 
  you 're more of an ex . 
    damn spain man . 
  why do you always have to ruin nice things ? 
  i mean , in our defense everyone knows that coming to spain while in a relationship is asking for trouble ... 
  it 's a mix of staying in the shade , hydration , ac , african genes , telling ourselves that scantily clad spanish women are worth it , and a need to maintain an appearance of comfort in front of agonizing tourists out of pride . 
   that 's the suicidal temperature for us swedes ... 
  which is funny , since exposure to sunlight decreases chances of suicide ... 
  are you trying to seduce me ? 
  your parents seem to be living the life , enjoying the spanish winter and the swedish summer  the key to enjoy a spanish summer is living a nocturn life and falling unconscious during the peak heat hours . 
  i miss doing that when i was a student ... 
  pretending that you do n't exist is an act of survival . 
  this way people in western spain ignore the heat imagining that the border is the sea . 
  still not over !, 
  i 've heard up to 45 degrees expected in the following days . 
  yes please , that would make ours the world 's oldest in use , iirc . 
  uuh . . what ? 
  i 'm sorry but i think i did n't follow you there . 
  what i got was : people in this sub are racists and hate muslims -  the echr has protected muslims and people from other races -  therefore , people from this sub would hate to know they 've been protected -  human right laws are a joke . 
  that does n't make any sense so what have i missed ? 
  ah , my bad . 
  i did n't get the memo that the right to a fair trial is out of date . 
  or is it the right to a private life , home and correspondence ? 
  perhaps the right to not suffer inhuman or degrading treatment ? 
   if our human rights laws stop us from doing it , we 'll change the laws i ca n't believe that a politician in western europe can pronounce this phrase . 
  i do n't have any faith in my nation 's politics , but i know for a fact that , as much as political suicide goes , here that phrase would be the equivalent of shouting hail hitler in the middle of congress . 
  i mean , `` i want to remove human right laws '' ?? 
  that 's a phrase that you put in a children 's movie so kids know who the bad guy is . 
  how on earth can it be in the program of a party in power ? 
   borderline racist with their talk about `` niggers '' . 
  i mean , knowing nothing about the context , that does n't sound borderline at all . 
  i do n't think much would happen . 
  it 's the good thing about a non-functioning government : you do n't care about the direction of the car if the engine wo n't turn on . 
  well we sure as hell wo n't be patting them anymore . 
   oh yeah you guys have a bourbon , `` a '' bourbon ? 
  excuse me but we have a tag team , there are two kings in the country . 
  we were n't going to be outdone by the vatican . 
  i missed the rural part , i thought it was usual for landlines . 
  there are data caps in home lines ?? 
  wtf . 
  what do people do if they use a streaming service in 4k for example ? 
  he is infamous for creating beautiful architecture that however does n't fit with its surroundings at all , falls apart quickly , goes well beyond the planned construction cost and is costly to maintain . 
  when a left wing party tried to call him out on it ( there have been several scandals in spain due to public projects that cost way too much ) he tried to sue the party for more than half a million dollars for `` harming his honor '' . 
  the vote is declared illegal , therefore those who agree that it 's illegal will not engage in voting , choosing instead to stay home . 
  then there are also going to be people that do n't care and wo n't vote as in any election ( regular non-voters ) . 
  * the thing is that there is no way to tell those two kinds of voters apart . 
  * if someone did n't vote , you do n't know if it 's a `` i do n't vote because i abstain '' or a `` i do n't vote because i do n't recognize this as a legitimate referendum '' . 
  my point is that if you are going to do something as extreme as declaring the indepence of catalonia unilaterally , then the bare minimum you 'd need is to know ** for sure ** that at least one half of catalonians support it . 
  and a 50 % of participation does n't grant you that .
