  - going out , getting out of the house at 1 am only to find out that your friends are still having dinner . 
  for the record , it used to be [ subtle ] ( http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8205/8244708964_883d1cab40_z.jpg ) . 
  kind of a where 's waldo game to lighten the religious scene . 
  i do n't know how it went from that to the current tradition haha, 
  it is common to put a recreation of the scene of the birth of jesus as decoration , known as belen . 
  that 's not the weird part though . 
  the weird part is that in catalunya it 's common to add the figure of a shepherd taking a shit . 
  and somehow , it got out of hand and they now sell all kind of variations based on famous people . 
  [ there 's now a caganer for everyone . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01125/merkel_1125756i.jpg ) and really , i mean [ everyone ] ( https://cdn1.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/toaapsdsn-iqx4opm1zfqaejemq=/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/2879698/francis_caganer.0.jpg ) . 
  everyone , [ i insist . 
  ] ( http://quelovendan.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/5e06319eda06f020e43594a9c230972d/e/l/el-caganer-darth-vader-pene.jpg ), 
  in spain it is not technically legal ( sale at least ) but it 's overlooked everywhere . 
  i would not imagine it ever being a moral issue in any eu country . 
  if anything , having a country with legalized marihuana inside the union + open borders would probably push other countries to legalize too . 
  [ cpv - lineas torcidas ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=njjsh975_n8 ), 
  not only chinese , the high majority of them come from the same region of china . 
  they started opening restaurants in the eighties and nineties , then went for 1euro shops , and in the last decade or so they started competing with local bakeries that used to be everywhere by opening small stores that also have an oven to sell bread . 
  they 're so common that everyone refers to the shops as chinos ( chinese ) , and nowadays there 's one in every corner and it would be hard to live without them - a lot of them are also opened 24 hours and it 's the place to go for alcohol or something to eat during a night of partying . 
  careful what you wish for . 
  the guy in my street learned fluent spanish and now greets half the costumers with a happy `` hi !!, 
  oh you got fatter again !!!, 
  in spain they 're running the campaing [ chef vs abuela ] ( http://img.europapress.net/fotoweb/fotonoticia_20160914140245_800.jpg ) , which is quite funny . 
  yeah , but i do n't think its results can be used for anything either way , since practically anyone that would be against independence would have considered it illegitimate and refused to participate in the first place ... as a result , the data obtained is pretty much worthless , as any party can argue that it turned out in their favor . 
  yeah , top 3 would be nato , the constitution , , and the always present hypothetical referendum over the independence of catalunya . 
  but the last two felt way too heavy to explain properly in a short post . 
  if you think that 's bad , let me introduce you to the [ cringe festival ] ( https://youtu.be/ileqoyikho4 ) of spanish presidents [ in international situations ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aruzdsnr4ek ) . 
  which to be fair to them , is n't half as bad as the [ ceo of the most important bank in the country ] ( https://youtu.be/jaldowqiq2m ) , whose english is so bad that youtube 's automatic subtitles assume he 's talking dutch . 
  i guess you can see how i 'm not proud of my representatives in this regard . 
  1978 : do you approve the new constitution ? 
  91.8 % of approval , and spain became a democracy . 
  because it 's the de facto international language , and foreign relations can clearly suffer from having a language barrier in between . 
  [ this famous picture of former president zapatero in an international summit speaks for itself ] ( http://elcorreoweb.es/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/zapatero.jpg ) . 
  i do n't care what languages theresa may speaks as she already has the luck of knowing the language by default , but it would be stupid to deny the current status of english as common language out of misplaced national pride . 
  i also expect the president to be able to watch international media without a possibly biased advisor in between . 
  and if regular people are expected to be fluent in english to be a fucking mcdonalds attendant , i expect no less from the head representative of my government . 
  around 3-4pm . 
  calling someone at those hours on a weekend used to be considered extremely rude , back when everyone used landlines which could n't be silenced . 
  how do you guys manage -20 or even -30 degrees in daily life ? 
  it 's not a rhetorical question , i 've never been under -5 so i just do n't know what that feels like . 
  do you have special kinds of clothing that can handle that heat ? 
  do you guys wear a dozen layers of regular clothing and put them on / undress constantly when entering and exiting buildings ? 
  or are you just used to it ? 
  and what do you do about the face , that has to be exposed ? 
  it would be useless . 
  first , populist sites usually pride themselves of not being part of the mainstream media , they could just go with the `` ignore everything with this certification '' . 
  second , people that take news from fucking fb posts are n't going to be exactly checking for certifications . 
  a president that does n't speak fluent english , what better representation could we hope for ? 
  well , we do go outside if it 's needed , for work and chores , but going out at night , hanging out with friends/dates and those kind of plans are usually cancelled . 
  there are two main reasons : one is that because of how sunny the city usually is , most plans rely at least partially on being in the street or walking a lot ( we hardly ever use cars ) . 
  there are hardly any plans in the format of `` get in the car , enter the building , and you 'll never exit it till you go back home '' . 
  the other reaaon is that , well , it does n't rain that frequently , so there 's no feeling of having to put up with it . 
  why worry about putting clothes on and taking them off whenever you enter a building or public transport , plus carrying an umbrella , plus getting wet , when you can just wait a day or two and have two full weeks of sunny days ? 
  it 's kinda like having a cold , its preferable to binge watch a tv show and wait it out . 
  it depends on your country 's views - for me the issue of immigration is extremely overrepresented on reddit . 
  for madrid , spain : summer : up to 42 degrees ( c ) . 
  during august , pretty much the whole city runs away to either the beach or their parents ' small towns . 
  those who stay avoid the street like the plague between 12 and 6pm , and in return you see people around until quite late . 
  rain is practically non existent . 
  there 's always the odd news about some old fart dying of dehydration and you 're told to drink lots of water and avoid direct sunlight . 
  autumn - for 2-3 days every 2-3 weeks , there are intermittent rains . 
  ( the other days are dry ) . 
  people will refuse to go out when it 's raining , which is usually weird for foreigners . 
  about 25 degrees , that will descend to 10 as winter comes . 
  due to some bullshit tradition regarding summer/winter time that we have n't repealed yet , the country runs on the wrong time zone and as a result the sun seems to set quite early ( at around 6pm ) . 
  winter : same as autumn but slightly colder and slightly more rain . 
  it is very rare to drop below 0 , at least during daytime . 
  snow is very rare , well see it once every other year on average , and even when it does snow it rarely sets - i 'm in my mid twenties and i 've been able to make snowballs maybe 10-20 times in my whole life . 
  if it does snow the city goes bonkers with traffic and kids might skip school because we are n't really used to it . 
  spring - tends to be quite a sudden change for some reason . 
  we get from wearing winter clothes to short sleeve t-shirts pretty fast . 
  rain is n't frequent but random quick and intense raining might catch you unprepared . 
   in denmark for example we learn it from first grade in school we do the same in spain , yet the results are certainly different . 
  i blame mostly the tendency to dub tv and movies . 
  ( shitty ) classes do n't do much if you do n't have any other exposure to the language at all . 
  in fact , most of the people i know that are fluent speakers reached that level by pirating tv shows ... 
  tbh i would rather not have the forocoches crowd here ... 
  `` trump complains about one of his pictures and reddit responds photoshopping '' - elpais.com yeah , meta-shitposting . 
  i 'm curious about those pieces of pop culture that every kid knows but that no foreigner would have heard of . 
  do you have those in your language ? 
  do you know their origin ? 
  i 'm sorry about the gloating , mods , but please allow this one : i 'm just having an awesome day , here 's what i 've seen so far ( i swear all of them are actual quotes ) :  we stormed normandy to save their asses . 
  patton took our heroic grandfathers across france and drove those goddamned nazis before them like an army of conans lead by alexander himself with the spirit of caesar in their hearts . 
  now we 're doing the same thing for europe , but the internet is the battlefront . 
  our hearts have the same love for liberty and one thing i can tell you is this ; the markets are awaiting our victories with baited breath . 
  every time we win , the markets go up . 
  think about that for a second . 
  my grandfathers are smiling , globalist . 
  are yours ? 
   dutch elections are confusing as hell , why are there like 3949429 parties that are so similar to each other but nitpicky over minute details ? 
   divide and conquer . 
  why have 1 globalist party that deceives the populace with false promises and virtue signaling when you can have 7 ? 
   at this point we can only watch them destroying themselves , no point in talking when they do n't listen . 
   not in the mood for jokes right now , sadly . 
  this is a fucking shame . 
  how much will it take for cucks to stop destroying their own countries ? 
   they better love kebabs and anal sex if they do n't vote properly . 
   it can be tough to take in at times but as a christian we need to trust god 's plan in all things and remember that he takes the bad and turns it into good . 
  as an american i think the only way we got trump is by having to endure obama . 
  i 'm not sure things work out the same if mccain or romney had won .
