  lots of atrocities were committed during the war , and some people support the movement for emotional reasons ; if you your family was somehow caught in the middle of the war and some of them were killed , maimed or suffered greatly , it 's gon na be hard for you to fully condemn the opposing band . 
  - the second group is people who were raised by the regime . 
  franco was n't here for a year or two , he ruled for 35 years - which means that a lot of people was born and raised fully in the dictatorship , studying what the regime wanted , hearing at church what the regime wanted them to hear , watching only government-approved news and media , with absurd amounts of censorship ... 
  it 's no wonder that some people actually believed the official picture . 
  obviously , those two groups have a geographical component to it - the first one is common in places that were hurt by republicans during the war , and the second one is more common in rural places ( more chances that all the news you get from the outside are just in the media , and less chances to be exposed to foreign influence ) . 
  still , those cases are all just present in older generations - the civil war happened 80 years ago . 
  young generations from all political sides categorically reject the figure of franco , and i 'd say that declaring that you support him would be socially equivalent to being a proud member of the kkk in the us . 
  i do n't agree only because i do n't really trust it would be effective . 
  i do think however that the us should be on as much pressure as possible to work against climate change : it 's the one internal issue that i think other countries should be allowed to interfere with . 
  living in madrid , and working in bleeding edge technology ( vr and augmented reality ) i make about 1400 a month after taxes . 
  it is slightly above average for my age group and profession , and really above my age group in general , specially for those who do n't live in madrid or barcelona . 
  it is pretty much the only field where it 's easy to get a job . 
  edit : i should have mentioned my age i guess . 
  i 'm 25 . 
    whatever your stance on the matter , though , i think we can all agree a statue of a hardcore dictator who killed thousands riding an angel is a bit crass . 
  ugh , i did n't know about that one . 
  is it in a public space or somewhat hidden ? 
  completely unrelated to the conversation , but can you comment on your experience at the conference itself ? 
  madrid 's subway ( metro ) by far . 
  i find it far more reliable than busses because it does n't depend on traffic and its far easier to navigate ( i do n't even know how many bus lines there are , much less their route , while there are only 11 metro lines ) . 
  i do n't even have a driving license , i only miss having a car the few times i have to go to a large store located near the city ( ikea and similar stores ) . 
  it would just be a bother for pretty much anything else . 
  for spain , i think most people think of the republic as `` what we were '' and about franco 's dictatorship as `` something that happened to us '' , if that makes sense . 
  we do n't usually think of fascists as our parents/grandparents ; at most , some people could think of their parents/grandparents as brainwashed by the dictatorship , or as someone who was caught in the pragmatically good ( and ideologically bad ) side of the war . 
  but i am yet to meet a person that considers the dictatorship as a direct part of family history , with the obvious exception of descendants of famous fascists . 
  as for confortability , pretty much no one would side with fascism in any discussion about our past , but sometimes tact is required when talking to elders because you do n't really know about the shit they could have gone through . 
  one of my grandmothers for example saw her parents get shot by republicans when she was a little child , just because they were churchgoers ( and the republicans feared that they were n't to be trusted as they could side with the enemy ) . 
  edit : you might notice that i 'm using francoists and fascists interchangeably although it might not really be correct : fascism was just a ideological faction of the dictatorship and they toned it down after the axis lost the war , but we still thing of francoists as fascists anyway . 
   practicant catholics/members of catholic denominations or groups : too perfect to be real people  opus dei : large families and a bit wealthier than average where do you live ? 
  here , practicant catholics = either close to the grave or crazy , and opus dei = scary scientology-like sect . 
  also , evangelicals = crazy conservative latinos ( no sex before marriage , god is watching you masturbate , etc. ), 
  that 's my view too . 
  working to live , which is now the norm , wo n't be a sustainable system far longer . 
  we need to address the problem before the shitshow starts , and as far as i 've seen universal income is the best option so far . 
   carlos iv is also a good choice as he basically surrendered the country to napoleon . 
  meh , i think it would have done us well to be a little more afrancesados ... 
  my programming teacher used to say '' ... and if you do n't like that the sources are in english instead of spanish , do n't come bitching to me , blame felipe iv '' . 
  sooo i 'm gon na go with that . 
   holy shit , they have some strict requirements . 
  take a look at the process to immigrate to the us if you 're curious :p, 
   for a long time , there were gypsy-looking `` deaf people '' walking around the streets and asking donations for deaf institutions . 
  all they had was a single sheet of paper explaining their intentions in estonian , but they did n't really react to any estonian language questions , nor even try to look at anyone 's lips . 
  the estonian deaf community later intervened and said that they knew of no such donation campaigns . 
  lol . 
  they are just outside my workplace at this very moment ( i work near a large station ) . 
  i do n't think they try to get you to donate anymore , they 're just `` collecting signatures '' pointing to the paper and why the sucker tries to understand them and signs someone approaches from the back and pickpockets them . 
  apparently they 're quite hard to take out of the streets because they know the law in and out and they always make sure to be caught with small enough robbed material to make for a very light sentence . 
  mass murder crazy guy ? 
  perhaps not as badly as hitler , but only because regular people wo n't know him as much . 
   charles . 
  you ca n't choose your monarch , it kind of defeats the point . 
  could n't he simply abdicate in favor of the next one in line ? 
  the three i remember the most : 1 ) after the terrorist attack in madrid 's metro ( just before national election ) it was clear to everyone that the election would sway towards the socialists , being that the right wing had gotten the country into irak despite mass rejection of the idea . 
  the journal el mundo claimed that the terrorist bombing was n't caused by extreme islamists , but by eta ( or later , by cooperation of the two ) . 
  the journal was then accused of trying to shift blame away from the government by pushing a ridiculous theory . 
  one could argue that information was confusing in the first moments and that it was a honest mistake , but they kept going far beyond what was reasonable ; some people still claim that the theory is correct to this day . 
  2 ) six years after franco died and the king had inherited the country and pushed it into democracy , there was an attempt of coup by a general called tejero . 
  the attempt ( obviously ) failed in part thanks to the king supporting democracy instead of siding with the militars . 
  there has always been a conspiracy theory about the coup having been faked to instill the fear of a new dictatorship and raise support of the king as a democratic savior instead ; theories go from the coup being intentional to intelligence services knowing about it but keeping silent . 
  recently a famous journalist claimed to have uncovered the conspiracy and made a documentary about it ; it was heavily promoted , and when it finally aired , after about an hour of declarations by famous people involved , the documentary turned out to be completely fabricated , as some kind of social experiment to get people to check their sources of information and be more critical . 
  3 ) among opponents of podemos , there are news and rumors about the party having started as an operation by the venezuelan government to influence spanish politics , similarly to how the alt right is claimed to be supported by russia . 
  hopefully some other spaniard can chime in with more details about that last one , i have n't followed the issue closely enough to give a decent explanation . 
  leave it be . 
  american reddittors seem unable to accept that almost half their voters chose trump . 
  and i say that fully despising the guy . 
   we do n't talk to strangers . 
  how do you go from strangers to not strangers then ? 
  or you just talk to your immediate family ? 
  i did n't even know him by name ( just his party ) , i guess that 's the best reply ... he 's hardly a relevant figure . 
  as for controversial , perhaps the ( former ) king ? 
  half of the country considers him a savior for `` inheriting '' the country from franco and transitioning into a democracy instead of continuing repression ; the other half loathes having such power remaining in a person/lineage that has n't been chosen democratically , and are n't fond of his scandals ( killing elephants for fun , etc ) . 
  although to be fair , pretty much every politician worth mentioning suffers from controversy ( loved by supporters , hated by the other half ) . 
  the left/right division of the country is really marked . 
  and yet , no one is our country 's trump . 
  bad as they might be , my country 's politics still have n't had any fuckup even aproaching trump levels . 
   but in any case , how is asking a question ignorance ? 
  ignorance would be if i simply assumed that white supremacy is common/uncommon in europe by looking at one source . 
  do n't mind him , it was n't an improper question . 
   so ... have you guys heard about the guy the us is electing ? 
   i heard he has a tower painted gold ? 
   no i think he 's a reality tv show guy ...  i saw him in a wwe episode !, 
   are you all serious ? 
  that 's pretty much how it went here . 
  it 's right ( oversimplifying ) that we did it ; but the question was n't `` what 's a thing your country did '' but the part of your culture that you 're most proud of . 
  being proud of that is almost as dumb as a german saying he 's glad they improved the economy under hitler . 
  they technically did it , but ... yeah . 
  on behalf of all spaniards , do n't mind him , he 's either a troll or an idiot ( just look at his comment history ), 
  [ we actually have quite a lot of regulations , it 's just not that commonly known  ( http://tv_mav.cnice.mec.es/ciencias%20sociales/profesores/unidad13.html ), 
   as for the causes of its decline , many like to tout we are evolving as a society , and we undoubtedly are , but i believe the biggest cause is money . 
  for one , a ticket to a fight is pretty expensive , so many of those who used to watch them just to have a good time are spending it somewhere else more productive . 
  arenas have been rarely full for a long time , the scene does not move nearly as much money as it used to , i think you are switching cause and effect here . 
  they do n't earn as much money as they used to * precisely because we 've evolved as a society and people are n't interested anymore * . 
  if the interest was there , plazas would still be full or they could just lower prices a little . 
  there just is n't much of an audience anymore , money is just reflecting offer and demand . 
  you 're also ignoring the huge point that bullfighting gained a lot of traction due to its linking with the national identity that franco 's regime forged . 
  going to ruedos as posturing , which was common in francoist spain , is n't there anymore either . 
  there are several giveaways : - english names are rarely used in spain , but they are relatively common in latin america . 
  specially telling is a bastardization of an english name to fit spanish spelling . 
  there was a girl in my school called `` leidi yesica '' ( from lady jessica ) . 
  the football player james rodriguez is a great example - his name is pronounced `` hah-mess '' .
