  well , that is n't exactly the highest of standards . 
  you miss an important measure that should be taken : reestructuring the city to make it way more bike friendly . 
  right now most routes are suicide for cyclists , with our weather we should aim for an amsterdam-like approach . 
  just to clarify the title : it 's an emergency measure that 's only activated once in a while , when air pollution rises over a specific level that is considered dangerous . 
  it is in no way a permanent measure . 
  what kind of article is that ? 
  it reads like a post by a redditor rather than anything minimally resembling a piece of news , there is no distinction between opinion and fact . 
   over time , moreno has been involved in a series of controversial political actions as a judge , never mind that the mere fact of having worked for the dictatorship 's police force should be reason enough to prevent him from ever being a magistrate . 
  and it 's hard to tell how many of those 9000 upvoted it just to trigger people . 
  you seem to think that that 's less stupid . 
   your post associates a preference for non-gendered bathrooms with acceptation of homosexuality . 
  even though probably unintended after reading your last post , to me it looked like you insinuated that people who like their gendered spaces still have latent homophobia , and that made me snappy . 
  but well , that was obviously a wrong interpretation from me then . 
  no no , that was very far from my intended point . 
  here 's my line of reasoning : public bathrooms were at first not segregated , because they were just for men . 
  when women joined the workforce and started using public spaces , society had a period of adaptation to the change , during which separate structures were put in place to protect intimacy and morals ( rest rooms , bathrooms , library spaces , etc. ) . 
  * this is the 19th century i 'm talking about * . 
  the reason there are gendered bathrooms nowadays is that that philosophy permeated building codes , workplace legislation , public expectations , etc. 
  and the particular form of gendered bathrooms has stuck until now mainly out of inertia , because no one had any issues with it so far . 
  nowadays , however , we have a far more `` messier '' society . 
  there are men who like men , women who like women , people that identify as the opposite gender , bisexuals , third genders , men and women who live lives that are far apart from their original gender role , and who knows how many in-betweens . 
  my point was that all the headaches regarding where should homosexual people go , or what facilities transexuals use , or whatever debate comes next , are being caused artificially by trying to shoehorn our current society into a 19th outdated model , and that all that annoying discussion could be avoided altogether just by giving everyone a private stall . 
  everyone gets to take a leak alone in peace , no more problems . 
  my reference to homosexuality was n't trying to link homophobia and the bathroom debate , i was pointing out that when homosexuality became accepted we also accepted already that real life is more complex than the old idea of what a man and a woman are , so instead of wondering which new categories fit into which boxes , it 's probably easier to get rid of the boxes altogether . 
  it 's ok , i ca n't be angry with the press that gave us [ this one ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rnaqxl7uvv8/t8d3jntahpi/aaaaaaaacx4/bx2ga6mossg/s1600/i-kicked-burning-terrorist-so-hard-in-balls.png ) haha . 
  dude , can you chill out a little with the agendas ? 
  i 'm a guy in the internet , not the leader of femen . 
  why is it so difficult to have a conversation nowadays without being accused of being a shill , a fanboy , a plant , or pushing ideologies ? 
  most people speak with no hidden ulterior motive , believe it or not . 
  ah ok , then ... uhh ... * i expect more wisdom from the united kingdom * ? 
  ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ bad ^ ^ at ^ ^ this, 
  i still do n't understand what 's uncomfortable about it ; i 'm not trying to get it my way , i just do n't understand because unisex bathrooms are just separated , isolated stalls , you might as well be using your home 's . 
  the wall mounted kind of toilets are never present in unisex bathrooms . 
  have you ever been in a unisex bathroom ? 
  there 's no `` behind us '' , it 's just closed stalls , there 's literally no contact except for washing/drying hands . 
  and i do n't care about any agenda , i 'm just commenting that i find it silly that businesses need to dedicate two rooms when one can do the trick ( specially now that due to equality both need to have the appliances for taking care of babies ) . 
  i 'm personally not bothered by a given choice . 
  what 's what the [ rhyme ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/01/19/the-pain-in-spain/?_r=0 ) ? 
  it 's [ always ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/16274181 ) in international [ media ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2015/pb_spain_st_19oct15-12137.pdf ) . 
  they need to step up their game . 
  * i expect no less from the us . 
   bundesverdienstkreuz  landeserrungenschaftsanstecknadel you guys really need camelcase . 
  i just do n't understand the issues with bathrooms . 
  once we are ok with homosexuality why do we need them to be gendered ? 
  if i 'm ok with my gay friend entering with me , why would n't i be ok with a woman ? 
  ( same for the opposite situation ) . 
  we 're no longer separated by sexual attraction so i see no reason to keep the tradition . 
   el salvador : the 45 minute country . 
  uhh ... what ? 
  also , [ holy shit our site for tourist is ugly ] ( http://www.spain.info/es/ ), 
   onannis i know nothing about romanian , but i 'm going to assume that means wanker . 
  meh , it 's not the same without the speech impediment . 
  well , to start they 're probably not uneducated ; you get ridiculous requirements like a university degree in a technical field to work in help desk , or 3 years experience and two languages to be a phone telemarketer ; then the minimum salary is around 600 euros , you wo n't get much more , and you 're almost guaranteed to be there far longer than the accorded hours ( which makes it impossible to work two jobs even if you wanted to try ) . 
  your job safety is nil ( you can be fired almost on the spot and they 'll just have to pay the percentage of vacation days you have n't used yet ) and you 'll have to accept really bullshit rules , like not counting the hours you stay after the shop is closed as paid work ( even if you have to clean , count the money , change uniform , prepare everything for the next day , etc. ), 
  that 's if you manage to get a job , which is n't at all easy . 
  and since you need a certain minimum time working to qualify for unemployment benefits , you can spend months with literally no income , sometimes years . 
  thankfully our social ties are strong and people can rely a lot on family and friends to help , but there 's only so much they can do for you , specially if they are in roughly the same situation . 
  completely anecdotal , but my own situation is : i studied math at university and got a 2 year programming degree , aside of several online courses ; i 'm bilingual and know a little of a couple other languages . 
  i live in the capital , where most of the jobs are . 
  i got a job in the field of virtual reality , bleeding edge technology . 
  my work has been featured in international media to some extent . 
  after several years of experience , i was making about 900 $ after taxes . 
  for context , a room here in a shared student appartment goes for about 400 dollars not counting bills . 
  you can imagine how things are for someone with less marketable skills . . 
  true , but holy shit man , you replied to something i wrote half a month ago haha, 
  i actually want to visit sweden the coming year so i 'll probably say something similar , for the opposite reason haha, 
   it 's around 4 c outside - and i am fucking still a bit warm . 
  well ... [ just do n't come here in summer ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-blvz-l3mjjs/ueo1ttjj-1i/aaaaaaaav-o/v4ppypb2nbi/s1600/temper07+121463748089620080628-1324669dn.jpg ), 
  not really much to share , it 's mostly [ self inflicted ] ( http://www.sehablaespanolenmadrid.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/guiri-quemado.jpg ), 
  sure , people are moving from their parents house at 30 because we ca n't even afford a shared student flat but we 'll have kids and feed them patriotism . 
  meh , we 're based on tourism and the visitors routinely burn just fine . 
  i mean , i 'm sitting here with a jacket at 16 degrees , and it 's christmas eve ... 
   summers in northern sweden can be very hot ayyy lmao . 
  naturally , since it would indirectly give them access to the single market , which is the whole problem . 
  if the uk is left without access to it , but one of its parts still keeps access , what 's to stop the whole uk to channel their entire trade through there ? 
  the negative to scotland staying is not to fuck scotland , but to avoid the uk having their cake and eating it . 
  besides , are the scotts going to allow free circulation of eu citizens ? 
  i doubt they can , since that 's the uk 's prerrogative . 
  and access to the market without free circulation is an automatic no , that 's why we 're here in the first place . 
  if scotland wants to act as an independent nation , they should be one ... which is , i think , what should be the logical outcome of the current situation . 
  scotland having a referendum , seceding , and then remaining ( or entering ) the eu if they want . 
  i mean that we ( spain ) had to keep the monarchy/nobility , the church influence and the old administration , while france got rid of them . 
  what ? 
  do n't put this one on us . 
  the plan is absurd . 
  i think it 's pretty reasonable that we do n't want to negotiate international agreements with scotland which is n't a sovereign state . 
  if scotland became independent and then negotiated then i 'm all for it , but it 's absurd to give access to the single market to just one part of the uk . 
  imagine scania wanting to override sweden 's government and negotiate with the eu their own market deals . 
  would you be for it ? 
  as in , kids do worse because they are n't taught using catalonian ? 
  no way . 
  the percentage of catalonians that can use spanish as a native tongue is practically 100 % . 
  take a look at your southwestern neighbors for a parallel where no guillotines where used ... you got the better deal . 
  shut up , if they 're out we 'll have a giant land border out of the eu . 
  our economy is n't ready for a wall building situation . 
  ... i think i 've missed some stanzas . 
  care to link ? 
  for all the failures of our institutions , i have to say i 'm proud of our police force . 
  it might be because they have experience with terrorism due to eta , but every few days/weeks news pop up of a new extremist detained , a captation network dismantled or an averted attact . 
  they 're competent as fuck .
