   the guy just looks too awkward to be a professional politician , he looks like a guy that has been kidnapped in the streets and who has been dropped at this position without any instructions . 
  if it 's any consolation , our president is the same . 
  and after 2017 i 'm kind of glad that he is the polar opposite of a media machine ... 
  knowing the eu , 12 layers of organizations devoted to fact checking of fact checkers that no citizen ever heard about . 
  other world organizations protect their interests using hidden agencies , we just make them so boring that no one wants to know about them . 
  i might get downvoted for it , but i think `` victim blaming '' has its limits . 
  if you decide to cross the street in the middle of a street race because the traffic light is green , you might be the one who 's right , but you wo n't be the one who 's left . 
  meanwhile , i 've passed the morning sunbathing in my terrace ... 
  have you seen spain ? 
  clearly not . 
  you must be german . 
  i know that , but i think they were just trying to throw everything that stuck to him , they would n't have gone after him just for that . 
  i do n't know if you 're into spanish rap but i could find dozens of far more popular rappers insulting the crown far worse and never facing the slightest punishment . 
  i wo n't be the one saying that criminalizing insults to the crown is n't silly , or defending the hypocrisy of not going after fascist organizations ; but that `` insulting the crown '' side is not the big deal in this case . 
  the main issue is that the guy made apology of the terrorist groups eta and grapo , has `` asked them to commit terrorist acts again '' , and calls its members `` victims of this system of democracy '' . 
   `` the tribunal has remarked that freedom of expression involves criticizing freely , and that it 's fundamental to tolerance , pluralism and democratic spirit . '', 
  however , it remarks that :  `` his lyrics include a clear apology of grapo and eta and its members , which goes further away than just sympathizing with their political goals , sympathy towards those condemned or closeness born of ideological ties , and instead goes into cheering not only their political goals but also their violent means , and petitions for them to repeat their violent acts '' there really should be a spanish translation of the article around , otherwise this is all pointless . 
  because i 'm a programmer , and all common symbols in coding are much much more accesible using the us layout : you get ; where the enye is , \\ and / are on your pinky fingers , [ ] and { } do n't require pressing alt gr , and so on . 
  tildes do n't bother me much because at work i comment code in english , and at home i have a macbook , where [ if you long press a vowel it shows all variations ] ( https://support.apple.com/library/content/dam/edam/applecare/images/en_us/osx/osx_tipyn_alternate_characters.png ) . 
  jokes on you , i use an american layout !, 
  ... which ironically makes me have to write enye . 
  you 're completely right , my bad . 
  [ this is a larger picture where basque is represented ( eus for euskera , at the left ) ] ( https://alternativetransport.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/lexical-distance-among-the-languages-of-europe-2-1-mid-size.png ), 
  it does n't , it was here before the romans came and everything else became latin . 
  there are loan words but that 's it . 
  yet we come up twice ... spanish master race !, 
  i 'm quite embarrassed to say that i had never even heard the name of most of the languages mentioned by black people . 
  yet we come up twice ... spanish master race !, 
  i 'm quite embarrassed to say that i had never even heard the name of most of the languages mentioned by black people . 
  the guy is stated to have mental illness and a psychiatric history . 
  but yeah , the problem is that he was brown , we all know pale people are unaffected . 
  the guy is a swedish national by the article ; therefore , it 's a swede , not a `` swede '' . 
  for fucks sake france dont fuck this up !, 
  i do n't want to risk a heart attack every fucking election , i 'm not even in my thirties yet . 
   if hamon and shultz somehow get elected i will get a tattoo of the european flag and start paying attention to football . 
  fuck it , i 'll make it macron and schultz . 
   the cost of accommodating our child refugees is enormous : # 160 per child per day . 
  how does that make sense ? 
  surely a person can be fed and given shelter and education for less than 5.000 euros a month . 
   personally i have absolutely no desire to replace portion of my population with immigrants from another continent no one is being replaced , natives are n't being taken away . 
  a generation from now we 'll still be here , at most there will be a percentage of us that will have mixed children or grandchildren . 
   increased automation will also decrease the need for low skilled labor , the case was not for low skilled labor , it was for labor of any kind vs. people too old to work . 
  we ca n't have more people retired than working . 
  and in any case , over half of refugees are children ; they will be educated under our system and so wo n't necessarily be low skilled . 
   not to mention the overall population needs to go down , not up ( not a big fan of global warming personally ) . 
  these people will reproduce abroad as much as here , unless you want them left to die ; so as far as global warming goes you do n't increase world population level by accepting them - quite the opposite , in the future , you actually reduce population in as the next generation will reproduce less than if they had remained in a non-developed country . 
  that 's a silly argument , birthrates correlate with development and so their descendants will have european like birthrates . 
  and we need immigrants to fix the inversion of the population pyramid that comes with development , anyway . 
  wars do n't last forever , thankfully . 
  and as long as we are able to properly integrate them it is not really unsustainable . 
  the only danger is the creation of a parallel society that is n't compatible with european values - that happens when you have all people in one place and so they do n't need to integrate , not so much when you have each refugee surrounded by 1.000 natives , which is what the situation would look like if they were properly distributed . 
   pp promised to take 16000 refugees and they have n't even taken in a 1000 . 
  statements do n't mean shit . 
  no argument there , in fact i literally said the same thing :  does that make them pro refugee ? 
  probably not that much since they actually do n't do jack shit to help , but it signifies that a great chunk of their voters are pro refugees . 
   nah , take it as you will , but the fact of the matter is that pp is not that big on refugees and it rules the country . 
  this is undisputable . 
  madrid was ruled by that party until a very short time ago , and to try to make me belive that all of the pp voters dissapeared is just dishonest . 
  try to look at the public statements by the pp and you 'll see a whole fucking lot of pro refugee statements . 
  does that make them pro refugee ? 
  probably not that much since they actually do n't do jack shit to help , but it clearly signifies that a great chunk of their voters are pro refugees . 
  hell , just consider how big the catholic church is for them , and how much the pope has been preaching about helping refugees . 
  we would as a society grow a lot further if we did n't consider half the country our enemies in all issues straight away without even asking them . 
  all european countries accept the right of asylum per the genova convention . 
  the rest is just a matter of acting as a proper union . 
  yup , the sign is still there , actually . 
  and that building holds the major 's office . 
  i disagree , madrid at least is similarly pro refugees, 
  i think a good part of the refugee crisis could be avoided if we alleviate the social pressure by spreading people more through the eu . 
  it would also facilitate integration . 
  i would really like for my country to take in more people , it is not fair for germany and the nordics to take that much of the load . 
   and that is your right . 
  go ahead and leave . 
  i 'm not the ruler of my country - to everyone 's relief  , but i can see that happening in the future for several eu countries . 
  it all depends on what happens with the current push for a unified eu army , which probably in turn depends on american politics ...  i am assuming there is no expectation of protection if you are invaded . 
  sure , that 's the whole point of the otan membership for us . 
  it 's hard to see a scenario where spain is invaded anyway , we 're surrounded by eu members and morocco , with which is n't really a potential threat . 
   then do n't be in nato . 
  i would be glad if we drop nato opting for a pan european army instead , tbh . 
   this is one of the only things i actually agree with the trump administration on . 
  why should my taxes go to defending europe , if europe wo n't even foot the part of the bill they agreed to pay for !, 
  obviously i support nato and it needs to exist , whether europeans contribute their share or not , but i 'm sure you can understand why this seems so ridiculous from an american point of view . 
  we do n't have a good education system , healthcare system , social net , etc. 
  but we are expected to far outspend , even by % of gdp , europe ? 
  what your position neglects to address is that the otan has been heavily pushed by the us : in my country the mere fact that we 're part of it is a direct cause of american diplomatic pressure , and citizens have been content to accept it because it is largely irrelevant to their lives ( except during the one and only time when article 5 was invoked , afghanistan , and we did put boots on the ground for american benefit ) . 
  american governments have pushed to increase your spheres of influence no matter the cost , and have been glad to accept lower deals if it meant maintaining said influence . 
  now , out of the blue , you have a president that either does n't want to continue that influence or , more likely , does n't understand the implications , and has decided to push the arbitrary 2 % figure . 
  the result of this new policy , rather than push europe to reinforce spending , will probably lead to european countries reevaluating if they want to be part of the treaty and potentially leaving - specially when the us capacity of `` acting as world police '' has never been more in question . 
  i understand that the terms of the nato agreement have been there for a long time , and i agree in principle that they should have been satisfied from the start . 
  however , i still think it would be political suicide to propose such a measure in spain . 
  the reasons are : - obviously , the cost . 
  13.19 billion per year plus what we already give . 
  you say that 2 % of gdp is not such a high number , but right now we 're only able to spend 4 % in education which places us in the lower positions of the whole eu , for example . 
  it might sound populist , but try asking a person who just lost his grandfather because waiting times in the hospital approach a year to invest public money in the army . 
  - nato support : our entry to nato was only supported by 52 % of voters ( we entered through a referendum ) . 
  to top it off that vote was full of controversy because one of the parties did a 180 turn in its support after reelection . 
  spain continues to be roughly in a 50 % split over nato support . 
  - perception of the past value of the treaty : spain was involved with boots on the ground in afghanistan and irak . 
  both wars were heavily disapproved by our citizens and some of the largest protests of our country were related to that ; we lost lives there and it is n't perceived to have caused a positive outcome . 
  - current threats : unlike eastern europe , in spain the possibility of russian influence is n't even considered .
