  we learned about the cold war , but the specific case of vietnam was more mentioned in terms of the cultural changes it brought - both the fact that public opinion was affected differently than in other wars because of being broadcasted with new technology , and the cultural movements that were partly a consequence of it like hippy culture , which were later exported all around the world . 
  yeah , the `` bad '' thing about our education system is that the last two years of highschool ( 16 to 18 y/o ) are actually considered pre-univetsity so by then you 've had to choose an academic route . 
  i went through the technoscientific route ( preparation for stem degrees ) so i could n't take universal history , which looked quite interesting . 
  what did you learn about spanish history ? 
  yup , our book ended with the 11m bombings and the following election ( just the results ) . 
  i happened to have a very methodical teacher that year , one of the very few that managed to finish the course material . 
  it honestly surprised me that the authors decided to get that far . 
  there are two kinds of history classes in spain - one is national history , which is mandatory , and the other is universal history , which is optional . 
  i did n't take universal history , so my school classes only touched us history when it directly collided with spain 's . 
  three events come to mind : - the spanish american war . 
  what i remember the most about it is that the war was started because of the sinking of the uss maine , even though it was proved later that it was n't a spanish attack , but either an inside job or an accident that was used as * casus beli * . 
  the teacher suggested that this ( fabricating or overselling events to justify a wanted war ) was a common theme in wars started by america . 
  - us relations with spain during our civil war and following dictatorship . 
  the basic idea here was that the us , along with most european powers , turned a blind eye to the rise of fascism in spain and hitler 's aid in the war , because they were under the belief that what was happening was preferable to the possibility of spain becoming aligned with the usrr and they did n't want the conflict to escalate into a war with germany . 
  - the irak war . 
  here , the main part of the story was how president aznar went against the wishes of the people by supporting the us with boots on the ground . 
  the part touching the us explained the justification and causes of the war ( supposed evidence of weapons of mass destruction that were never found ) . 
  how would a person define himself as non xenophobic/racist , while at the same time admitting holding a xenophobic idea or value ? 
  not being xenophobic is , * by definition * , not holding xenophobic ideas and values . 
  it 's like asking * virgin users , what was your best time having sex * ? 
  not that i know of ... francoist language repression went mainly through the route of enforcing the use of castillian as the only possibility in all official contexts ( state documents , education , business contracts , street signs , movies , etc. ) . 
  they expected all other languages to wither and eventually fade away by themselves , by being relegated to just personal use . 
  we just seem to like fighting each other - pretty much every region has their own regionalist movement . 
  people abroad usually only hear about catalonia and the basque country , but there are many , many more , usually with far weaker historical and cultural backing - there are people pushing for the independence of andalusia , the canary islands , aragon , asturias , the balear island ... 
  pretty much every single region . 
  kinda . 
  on the one hand , there is an independist movement in valencia ( just as there is in the basque country or in catalonia ) , although it is less pronounced there . 
  but the main `` identity conflict '' that exists does n't affect their independence , it has more to do with their language and culture . 
  see , the problem they have is that their language and culture is * reaally * similar to that of catalonia - to the point that most experts refuse to acknowledge valencian as a language , usually classifying it either as a variety of the catalonian language or even just the name given in valencia to the catalonian language itself . 
  but despite what linguists and historians say , more than 50 % of valencians consider their language to be a separate entity and will downplay its obvious closeness with catalonian . 
  that creates a contradiction , because some valencians try to push for secession under the idea that their culture is too different from the rest of spain , while at the same time refusing categorically any catalonian proposal that they should be part of an hypothetical seceded catalonia despite their cultural similarity . 
   is n't andalusian the only european spanish accent without the lisp ? 
  not really , in fact in some parts of andalucia the lisp is actually more pronounced : in most spanish accents the `` lisp '' consists of using different sounds for s and soft c , while in america both would be pronounced as the spanish s - but sevillians for example pronounce both as c , giving an impression of a lisp even to spaniards . 
  you get `` seseo '' ( the name for lack of lisp ) in the accents of huelva , cadiz , cordoba , malaga and granada ( all of those andalusian ) , but also in some zones of valencia , older people from galicia , in the canary islands ... 
  that 's my point , that spain does n't just have the madrid-castillian accent we 're known for , just like how not all brits speak with received pronunciation . 
  i mean , we have 5 languages ( spanish , euskera , catalonian , galaecian and aranese ) plus several others that are at a middle point between a dialect and a full language ( aragonese , astur-leonese , valencian , cal\u00f3 ) , so imagine how many accents there are ... 
   but the castilian lisp seems irreconcilable with being a redneck . 
  well , i guess the same can be said for the stereotypical english accent ... and then you get chavs haha . 
  we all have our dirt under the rug . 
  you do n't directly pay anything by default ( it 's included in your regular taxes ) . 
  when you 're sick , you have basically three options , depending on how urgent it is : - get an appointment with your general doctor , which is assigned by closeness to where you live . 
  he 'll see you and either diagnose you and provide prescriptions or schedule and appointment for the appropriate specialist/test . 
  all of that is free , although medication might require some payment - even if it is n't fully covered , it will rarely cost more than one euro or two . 
  - if you require more urgent care you can go to an hospital through the emergencies door . 
  you are guaranteed to be attended , and they 'll take care of anything that might be urgent , but for non urgent matters you 'll probably be redirected to your general doctor . 
  - even more urgent , you call an ambulance . 
  that is also free , although you might be fined if you use it for illegitimate purposes like prank calls - but they 'll never fine you unless it 's something very blatant , you wo n't get in trouble if you feel there 's an emergency even if it ends up being nothing . 
  also , general doctors are the ones to prescribe `` bajas laborales '' - basically they 're the ones who decide if you 're too sick to work , and they later decide when you get back . 
  companies must respect those sick days , which are never considered part of your vacations , whether it 's 3 days because of the flu or 4 months because you 're depressed . 
  i * think * the state covers that cost for the companies , but do n't quote me on that . 
  as for whether i like it , i definitely do like the system , although the budget cuts we 've suffered lately mean that waiting times can get a little long , and doctors have less time than they should to treat you because they 're overworked . 
  as for what is covered , you get every kind of sickness , be it physical or mental ; routine checkups , and basic dental care . 
  you are n't covered for aesthetic surgery like breast implants , but some things that are usually considered part of plastic surgery might be covered - things related to sex changes for example , or those that cause significant psychological harm to a person like reconstruction of a face after an accident . 
  most long-ish names sound like rural or old people names nowadays , but they exist . 
  i remember that one of our teachers , which was quite stingy and always seemed to be frowning , was called `` felicisimo '' ( literally `` extremely happy '' ) . 
  you can imagine the jokes . 
  spain used to have a lot of them relating to biblical themes , and quite a lot of them were ... let 's just say not really upbeat . 
  things like dolores ( pains/suffering ) - which you might know for the shortened version `` lola '' , soledad ( loneliness ) , etc. 
  some of them were/are more cheerful , like milagros ( miracles ) or encarnacion ( incarnation ) , but they 're falling out of fashion anyway . 
  i 'd say madrid is the exception ; other than that , the center is quite barren and rural compared to the coasts . 
  and that 's considering that our country is relatively small and well communicated - the whole country is like 3/4ths of texas . 
  for some americans , `` my city is away from the coast '' means that there are 2-3 times the diameter of our whole country between them and the sea . 
  how so ? 
  sun strong enough to burn , sitting near a body of water / shade . 
  contemplating your environment melt from a fresh place is like the spanish version of watching rain from a cozy apartment . 
  wow , that 's fucked up . 
  here in spain there is be some bashing attitude towards americans ( specially during the times of bush ) , but it 's universally against the us * government * , not the people . 
  it 's weird that someone would hate you just for being from there . 
  not really , i was just making a point in general rather than in this specific case . 
  if you want my opinion on him particularly , i 'd say that chances are that he 's physically fine , and just overly self conscious as most people his age ; although to be fair i do n't know how bmi is affected by teenage growth - i would imagine that ideal measures are different for kids and adults since the body suffers structural changes , and he 's kind of in the middle . 
  depends on what you mean by personal . 
  if it 's for something involving the sexual aspect , like a date or a relationship , i 'd say yes , it 's acceptable . 
  for friendships , classmates , etc. 
  of course not . 
  but considering he 's a male teenager about to enter university , i guess i 'm assuming that it 's not friendship that he has in mind :p, 
   if someone doesnt like you because you 're not rake thin then they 're not worth knowing . 
  i am ** very ** opposed to that mindset . 
  sexual attraction is not rational nor moral , and we ( people in general ) have the right to both be attracted to whatever we want and consider attraction a very relevant part of a relationship . 
  of course , it is n't right to mock someone or treat a person badly because of their physical features ; but neither is labeling people as `` not worth knowing '' for refusing to like something they do n't find attractive . 
   excuse me , but , ai n't a bmi 22,5 almost exactly the value of a normal healthy weigth ? 
  if with this bmi you think you have a weight problem , better visit a psychologist . 
  bmi is quite useless tbh . 
  among other errors , pretty much every muscular person appears as overweight just because muscle weights far more than fat . 
  the problem is that more accurate measures like body fat percentage are n't as easy to take with precision . 
   gaining muscle hurts no it does not . 
  working out should not be painful , in fact it 's quite pleasurable if done right . 
  if you 're thinking about doms , then those are an effect of lack of exercise , they go away in one-two weeks . 
   a lot of right wing people will get angry very fast if you for example wave the second republic flag or whatever . 
  i see republican flags hanging from balconies from time to time in madrid and no one bats an eye . 
  and if you walk around vallecas for example you ca n't cross three streets without seeing a republican symbol . 
  my experience is that you 're fucked if you stay too long , at the beginning of your career at least . 
  human resources will give you percentage based raises that will never reach more than 10-20 % , while moving just once can even double your salary - the difference between negotiating a contract with no previous experience vs having one or two years in the field is massive . 
  - point at some random point in the map and say `` this is part of our nation '' . 
  - `` no one should go to jail for posting a tweet '' . 
  - `` my job ends at 6 and it 's 6:05 already , so i 'm going home '' . 
   there 's also a fairly large group that hates franco but still think it was probably better that the republicans lost the war since spain would have likely ended up a soviet satellite state i 've only found that mindset among foreigners studying the conflict , not that much among natives - which is fitting since it was basically the reason/excuse for the west to not intervene at the time . 
  the bombings happened just before a national election , and in a huge way affected it in favor of the socialists ( mainstream center-left despite the name ) , which where against the war . 
  our support for the irak war was however very dim from the start , causing the largest demonstrations in a long long time . 
  it was seen as a move caused by president aznar 's ambition to be relevant in the world stage by kissing bush 's ass going to war despite mass rejection by those he was supposed to be representing ... so when that ambition indirectly caused loss of spanish lives voters turned against him as a whole . 
  it is possible that aznar 's party could have stayed in government by winning the election if it was n't for the bombings , in which case we probably would have stayed in iraq , but that 's a what if scenario since we ca n't know what the result of the election would have been .
