   it 's a holiday centered around eating , what could be better ? 
  a holiday centered about sexy vampire girl costumes , which is the one we did copy :p, 
  it 's sad that basically the only thing i know about the philippines is how we lost it . . 
  [ here 's what you sound like , have fun ] ( https://youtu.be/kj5tl1l9qyq?t=1m39s ), 
   i really do n't get the russian part , it does n't sound anything like russian at all to me it does to me . . and i 'm a spaniard . 
  with the exception of french ( that has its own `` personality '' ) , if i hear someone speaking a romance language like italian , catalonian or galaecian , the first thing that comes to mind is `` it sounds like broken spanish '' - meaning that i ca n't understand the phrases as if it was my own language , but it still sounds like i should and i 'm just struggling to decipher a rough accent . 
  that does n't happen with portuguese . 
  at all . 
  the sound it gives is kind of eastern european/russian for some reason . 
  the extremely weird thing about it is that written portuguese is far more understandable than , say , italian , to my eyes . 
  if i check one of those instruction manuals that come in 20 languages and i find portuguese before spanish sometimes i just go with it and read the portuguese text instead . 
  but spoken ? 
  not a word . 
  even more strange 's the fact that it does n't happen with brazilians . 
  they are understandable . 
  we have that in common . 
  * funcionario * is a term that implies ineffectiveness and poor treatment of `` clients '' . 
  it does n't apply to all public workers , people like teachers , cops or doctors are respected , it 's just the servants related to bureaucracy , management and desk jobs . 
  talking to friends about it helps a lot . 
  that aside , depends on the kind of emotion . 
  for disappointment , a breakup , or something similar , i sleep a lot for a couple of days . 
  for some reason when it happens i tend to have good vivid dreams and i 'm a little better after that . 
  for anger , exercise and keeping myself occupied . 
  for general sadness / depressive times , i try to be out as much as possible , get hooked up to books or tv series the rest of the time , never stay up late alone , and surround myself with friends and family as much as it 's possible . 
  i try to never ever drink or do something addictive in that state . 
  i do n't want my mind to get used to using something addictive as an exit from pain , so drugs and similar are only for recreation in already fun moments . 
   i would consider ukraine 2nd world not third like latin america sort of nitpicking here , but 1st/2nd/3rd world are n't supposed to imply quality or development . 
  the terms come from the cold war , where the first world were american-aligned countries and the second were soviet-aligned ones . 
  the term third world references the countries that are n't aligned with anyone - mostly in africa and south america at the time . 
  that 's why you do n't hear about the second world anymore , and why 1st world is basically interchangeable with `` western world '' . 
  french people eat their popcorn sweet in movie theaters and are apparently weirded out by our salty version . 
  careful with the accents , [ you just asked for groins . 
  ] ( http://www.wordreference.com/es/en/translation.asp?spen=ingle ), 
  what if i told you that 25 is the temperature i set for heating in winter ... 
  we had a similar one called `` salad '' . 
  before the class a list is made that maps every person to the name of a vegetable ( so one person is carrot , the other is tomato , and so on ) . 
  when someone says your `` name '' you 've got to stand up . 
  if someone says salad ( which can only be said after everyone 's been named at least once ) then everyone stands up . 
  it was the bane of substitute teachers ... 
  by far the schedule . 
  9 hours there but with 45 minute breakfasts , one hour to eat , lots of empty time to kill ... 
  i could be done in 2-3 good hours producing the same or more . 
  also , and sort of related , telecommuting . 
  wasting one or two hours a day in public transportation for no reason kills me . 
  in spain we do use `` euros '' , and i think the same is valid for all currency . 
  the most common `` spanish '' thing about teenage culture is what 's called botell\u00f3n . 
  basically , since teenagers ca n't enter clubs and they do n't have a lot of money , they go out on weekends and drink on the street . 
  alcohol is extremely easy to get for minors , there are tons of grocery stores ( known as chinos since the owners are usually chinese ) that will open at night and wo n't check your id . 
  it depends on the city , but a lot of them have non official `` designated places '' where hundreds of people will get together . 
  it 's as much a social event as it is about drinking . 
  laws depend on city : i used to do it in madrid in a square of the gay neighborhood ( a lot of my friends were lesbian girls back then for some reason ) and the cops would let us do it since the surrounding buildings were offices and no neighbors would be bothered . 
  if someone called the police they came slowly making a big show so people had time to run away , and only fined those that were too drunk to escape ... 
  the hunt was part of the fun tbh . 
  as for respecting women , feminism is quite strong here and a lot of teenagers are activists . 
  cheating happens , i guess , hormones are there , but i do n't think that 's cultural ... as for drugs , weed is extremely common and no one will bat an eye if they see you smoking . 
  it 's illegal and you can be fined if you 're unlucky but nothing like the us ' war on drugs . 
  stronger drugs are n't that common , at least in my circles . 
  50 patates sounds hilarious . 
  why is it wrong to use the i for plural in this case ? 
   ai n't this only used for dollars in dubbed films ? 
  not in madrid at least . 
  i use pavos more than euros tbh . 
  there 's also napos , but that one sounds half trashy , half outdated . 
  what would be the definition of `` things having calmed down '' ? 
  when the civil war calmed down in spain , for example , the calm that followed was a 40 year old dictatorship . 
  at the time , sending republican refugees back because the war was over would have been a possible death sentence , or at the very least implied imprisonment and mistreatment . 
  it is an absolute possibility that their country wo n't be a safe place to be for decades to come . 
  spain does n't allow eutanasia , as far as i 'm aware . 
  i know for a fact that it happens sometimes unofficially , for extreme cases - i do n't know the specifics since it 's a sensitive issue , but i heard a family story that when my grandfather was agonizing a doctor suggested the way to stop his suffering with a medication he forgot in the room , or something like that . 
  i personally do n't think that there would be a big push against it due to religious ideology . 
  i would however be very concerned about the issues of what consent is considered valid - picture for example an elderly or disabled person psychologically `` forced '' to take that step to stop feeling like a burden on family . 
  it is a very gray area on when a request for euthanasia could be `` legitimate '' and when it can be considered a product of a person not being in a position to emit a valid judgement . 
  that said , i absolutely understand too how denying a person death opting instead to extend their suffering for no reason is not a good choice . 
  any explanation given ? 
  perhaps you happened to be exceptionally handsome ? 
   reichsb\u00fcrger worst mcdonalds promotion ever . 
  same here . 
  i do n't think people are even aware that `` real '' wrestling is a sport , since the word is associated with the wwe and circus-style shows . 
  i guess it depends on the specific laws . 
  if i am going to be forced to sleep only 2 hours a day and only have sex once a decade i 'm going with unregulated , if it 's something cozy i 'm going for regulation . 
    it feels a bit like spaniards and swedes both consider the other to be their polar opposite . 
  what i find funny speaking to swedes is that we share a lot of common values ( sometimes even more so than other european countries ) , but we reach those common values from completely different paths . 
  for example , both countries frequently appear as top of the charts in lgbt acceptance ; but swedes reach that position by having a very strong faith in their society 's principles ( which are based on egalitarianism ) . 
  if you asked an average swede , they 'll probably defend adamantly that supporting lgbt rights is the correct opinion and other views are simply wrong . 
  the average spaniard , on the other hand , comes from a catholic background and from a generally more conservative mindset ; the elder at least grew up in a society that told them that non-traditional relations are wrong . 
  yet if you suggested enforcing those values to the average spaniard , even among churchgoers the most common answer would be `` what ? 
  who am i to tell others that their values are worse than mine ? 
  they are n't harming anyone '' . 
  our convictions are generally weaker because they are subjected to a general `` do n't be a dick / live and let live '' principle that overrides ideology . 
  that 's my general view at least . 
  swedes have better/more progressive values , * but * they are way less flexible about them , while spaniards are more conservative but they wo n't care for a strict enforcement if bending the rules is victimless . 
  i 've never seen those in spain . 
   `` heavens '' ( cielos ) , all meaning `` surprise '' more or less that 's would be too cheesy for ned flanders , i 've never heard it outside of a book . 
  i 'm also surprised that you did n't mention the main one , `` me cago en dios '' . 
  it 's a mess . 
  we have laws that grant people 's right to honor and dignity , initially thought to protect people from diffamation in public media . 
  the problem is that those laws do n't adapt well to the age of the internet , since it 's hard to classify social networks as either private conversation ( like talking to friends in a bar ) or public statements ( like saying something on or publishing it on a newspaper ) . 
  as a result , we 've had some very unliked rulings , like sentencing a 20 year old girl to one year of prison for tweeting dark jokes about a terrorist bombing in the 80 's ( the judges considered that it fit under public humiliation of victims of terrorism ) . 
  as for non public figures , i think things are better . 
  the police treats online abuse seriously and kids are given courses in school about how to detect , prevent and denounce bullying and online abuse , which is also extended to detecting toxic use of technology in personal relations ( like an abusive boyfriend controlling her girlfriend using `` last conection '' features of apps and things like that ) .
