  i only knew that word as the poetical composition . 
  yeah i get where you 're coming from , but i personally think no ( honest ) question is ever inappropriate or irrelevant , specially if it relates to touchy issues ... 
  if for example the user ( or any commenter ) thinks that women use makeup exclusively to attract men , having the question come up directly is a far better way to discuss it and try to change their view than waiting for a potencial social mishap . 
    my , or any other random person 's opinion of what strangers wear is not relevant . 
  i do n't see the deal with the question ( except for the part about assuming we 're all male , that 's true ) . 
  liking makeup is as much a cultural trait you could be curious about as using it ; just like some cultures find tans attractive while for others it 's better to be as pale as possible . 
  people hear you speak -  they assume you 're russian -  refer to my comments about eastern europe . 
  `` wives '' ? 
  i honestly do n't know , but i do n't think it would make a huge difference since your vote is just 1 between 65 million , so your direct influence in the outcome is negligible . 
  i count southern galicia as one of the parts . 
  that would miss independent movements in the basque country , navarra , the canary islands , galicia , andalucia ... 
  there are dozens of flavors . 
  i 've reached berlin by plane for roughly that amount , though i caught a good offer ( guess the company ) . 
  not counting sales , i could reach practically any place in the peninsula using blablacar i guess . 
  really ? 
  shit , it 's the first time i hear about it . 
  thank you !, 
  how do swedish speaking finns sound like to swedes ? 
  is there any stereotype attached or something ? 
  most forms of betting are legal , excepting the ones where the reason of the bet would itself be illegal ( like cock fights and things like that ) . 
  it 's however very regulated , you ca n't just start a casino like any other business . 
  lottery is extremely popular in certain specific traditional dates ( it 's run by the state and organizations related to charity ) . 
  not buying christmas lottery shared with your co-workers is kind of a faux pas for example , to the despair of math geeks . 
  online poker and some football related online betting are kind of popular among teenagers , who play with small amounts of money . 
  casinos , bingos , slots machines , etc. 
  are seen as more shady and , if you mention that you frequently go , people might think that you have a gambling problem . 
  they 're also extremely popular among asian immigrants for some reason . 
  spain : spain . 
  both as a whole or by parts , and i use the abstract term `` parts '' because the mere fact of calling them communities , inner nations , countries or any other term would start the shitshow . 
  some german guy ( edit : bismarck ! ), 
  said that spain is the strongest country he 's ever known , for he 's been trying to destroy itself for centuries and yet it 's still going strong . 
  yup , and some of them are exceptionally well integrated . 
  i do n't know what it is about your accent or language in particular , but romanian people somehow manage to sound native with no trace of accent , which for other nationalities is usually unreachable unless they started learning the language as kids . 
  something i find surprising is that unlike latin americans , chinese or moroccan immigrants i 've never seen communities of romanians . 
  i 've always wondered why that is . 
  the thing is that most of the people that consider themselves immigrants are n't necessarily thinking on staying indefinitely either . 
  lots of them think about being able to go back to their countries once the situation improves , or for retirement , or after they 've managed to save some money ... yet you 'll never see a construction worker identifying as an expat . 
  i just think that immigration from equal or richer countries is different than immigration from a poorer country - but we do n't have a way to distinguish that in english ( nor in spanish ) so the term expat kind of filled the gap . 
  i know , that 's why i put it in quotes . 
  `` expat '' in some circles has become some sort of euphemism that people from rich countries use to sound cool and distance themselves from the negative connotations of the word `` immigrant '' . 
  you 'll find dozens of blogs from people that have married locals , started businesses and families and have no intention of ever going back still talking about the expat life . 
  i 'd say it 's just because of the social positions they tend to occupy . 
  as a general rule , you 'll find western and northern europeans are either exchange students , have their own business or are working in spain for foreign companies - the average french person living here might be for example an engineer from a french company that has offices in spain ; while the average , say , romanian would be working as a low end professional ( plumbers , electricians , mechanics , construction workers , etc. ), 
  for a spanish employer . 
  thus , a native spaniard usually only interacts with western foreigners on social events and/or serving them , while for eastern people the average interaction is the foreign person serving natives or working for them . 
  there are no negative stereotypes related to behavior , in fact eastern europeans are seen as nice to work with , peaceful and hard working , with the exception of gypsies . 
  honestly , i think there 's a difference between western/northern europe and eastern europe . 
  people from poland , romania , etc. 
  receive a treatment that 's similar to , say , moroccans . 
  however , if you 're french , german or swedish you get the `` expat '' treatment , if you know what i mean . 
  in spain you can apply for uni anytime you want . 
  the catches are that you 'll have to take again the exam to access university ( there are unlimited attempts afaik ) and , mainly , that it 's quite hard to earn a living with a part time job , so you 'll have a lot of trouble balancing your studies with surviving economically . 
  honestly , if you tried to use the macarena as the union of all spaniards i 'd happily move to barcelona and fly the estelada ... and i 'm from madrid lol . 
  is the only one that comes to mind, 
  if i had to chose a song people would take as an anthem i guess it would be serrat 's mediterr\u00e1neo ( hopefully someone can link it , i 'm on mobile ) . 
  viva espa\u00f1a is well known but sounds tacky and it 's mostly played ironically or for tourists tbh . 
  unless he fucks things up and takes the eu 's popularity down with him , in the same way that cameron helped brexit by supporting remain . 
  ( not to rain in anyone 's parade , i 'm hoping for his success ), 
  yeah , the traveler effect is probably skewing my data . . 
  i 'll have to schedule a trip to the us in the name of scientific research haha . 
  catalans are called `` polacos '' in spain 's slang , perhaps you 're missing that reference . 
   are you speaking about your experience in the us with random girls or your experience with american girls traveling/living in spain ? 
  the second - mostly exchange students or long term travel . 
  i do n't know how well that translate to us girls in general , but i 'm comparing with girls from other countries who were also staying here , so i guess there 's something cultural to it ... or who knows , maybe i just happen to be hotter by their standards than by other peoples ' . 
  i like american entrepreneur culture . 
  although it 's partly due to the bureaucratic barriers we have in comparison , there 's a cultural fear to create our own businesses in my country , as if company owners were made of a different breed rather than just regular people . 
  that also comes from the bosses ' side , that act with some sort of elitism . 
  also , most americans i 've met are very open minded and always willing to engage in conversation even with people of very different ideas , although that might be that i 'm just meeting the subset of american people that are open minded enough to travel abroad . 
  oh , and in general i find hookups faaar easier with american girls compared to other countries . 
  there 's far less of a `` you 've got to check all boxes '' attitude and posturing from american girls , it 's all far more casual - `` oh you got some beers and netflix/videogames ? 
  that 's cool , let 's go to your house and we 'll fuck too since we 're at it '' . 
  we can unite in our common culture of territories trying to secede . 
  madrid 's pride festival has become the largest party of the year ( along with new year 's eve ) . 
  it 's awesome to have more than a million people on the streets of any sexual orientation . 
  personally , i 'm glad that there 's a language that has become the world 's international system of of communication ( in the west at least ) . 
  the fact that it 's english is irrelevant to me , i would like it just as much if it was spanish , french or german . 
  the presence of a standard is what 's cool . 
  i 'd imagine that it 's partly dependent on climate . 
  here in spain nobody does it , but then again you spend your day walking over hot asphalt . 
  if it was common to be walking over wet terrain or snow we 'd do it differently , right now sweaty feet are more awkward that shoes with some dust . 
  got it , catalan it is then . 
  is n't catalonian the english word for catal\u00e1n ? 
  that 's how i 've been using it so far . 
  every single language from our peninsula except for basque/euskera - that covers catalonian/valencian , galician , aranese , several dialects and to a certain degree portuguese ( that one is easy when written but surprisingly hard to understand when spoken , it sounds like russian for some reason ) . 
  italian is relatively easy , when i was there in a school trip we figured out pretty soon that talking spanish and hearing italian back was simpler than using english . 
  i can sort of understand like 60-70 % of written french , much lower than other romance languages . 
  how do you deal with that ? 
  i usually get sick if i have to deal with a 10-20 degree difference ( usually from an air conditioned building to summer heat ) . 
  are you guys constantly putting layers on and taking them off ? 
   i try to go to bed at 21:30 ... posted past midnight . 
  you 're not trying very hard ... 
   aaaah , it 's horrible !, 
  i still remember the horror of the first time our teacher made us to practice greeting each other `` properly '' in class . 
   i had the opposite experience . 
  my german teacher ( a native german older woman that looked like a stereotypical grandma ) backed away when we tried to introduce ourselves , and offered her hand instead . 
  i ca n't really explain the feeling , but it was not nice ; even though i understood perfectly well why she did it ( this was our start of a full immersion course ) i needed some time to recover - it 's like offering friends a high five and being left hanging . 
   out of curiosity , did the class cover the 1979 islamic revolution in iran , the iran hostage crisis , the iran-iraq war , and the persian gulf war ? 
  not in national history , since they were n't that relevant to our country . 
   and what about the vietnam war ? 
  proxy battleground of the cold war ?
