  i have no extensive knowledge about any of the three . 
  if anything my opinion of poland has worsened due to their current government . 
  it is unknown why the moroccan king first decided to invade . 
  as for spain , we have some territories that are geographically in morocco ( the cities of ceuta and melilla ) that their government wants to recover , so i think it was just a show of force to avoid being perceived as weak and suffering further violations of borders . 
  just to put my opinion in context : i 'm an atheist/agnostic . 
  i do n't dismiss the possibility of something or someone creating the universe but i do n't think it 's likely , and i reject the creeds of all religions . 
  after leaving that aside : - i do n't like any form of overlap between religion and government . 
  using the tax system to voluntarily collect money for the church , religion classes at school , laws that are based in religious morals , the government relying on the church to take care of the homeless , tax exemption for churches ... none of that should be accepted imo . 
  - i support freedom of creed . 
  - i support religious followers being helped to practice their religion , when it does n't cause drawbacks for the rest . 
  examples would be hospitals and jails allowing special access to priests to talk to the people inside that asks for it , or offering menus without pork meat for muslims in public buildings . 
  - i do n't like religion being taught at childrens at an early age . 
  my parents were christians but chose to let me choose my own religion , and i ca n't thank them enough when i see for example the feelings of guilt some friends have regarding sex or masturbation * even after they do n't believe anymore . 
  * that shit stays with you apparently . 
  - i 'm conflicted over religious schools . 
  on the one hand , i do n't like them due to the previous point . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not sure if i 'm ok with the government 's right to force people to use only public schools . 
  i think that the point of schools should be offering anyone the tools to face life adequately and that ca n't be done if shitty parents can override it by choosing an school that teaches their ideas ( in general , not only about religion ) , but what if public schools become spreaders of propaganda or just bad at their job ? . 
  it 's a tough call . 
  - i think that all common myths in major religions should be specifically dispelled during public education to keep them from being spread ( creationism , belief that homosexuality is n't natural , masturbation is bad for you , etc. ) . 
  - religious practices that go against health and safety of the followers should be completely banned - rejecting transplants/vaccines , faith-based medicine hoaxes , spiritual healing , all of those . 
   and wood rhymes with food to me . 
  ... does n't it actually rhyme ? 
  i 'm not joking , i actually thought they did . 
   and example could be the number 50 . 
  in english it is called fifty = five-ty ( ty is old english for 10 ) five tens . 
  simple easy . 
  in danish the number 50 is called halvtreds , which is a shortening of halvtredsindstyvende . 
  which translates to halfthird-times-twentieth . 
  ( halfthird is 2,5 . ), 
  and i thought the french were crazy with their quatre-vingts . 
  why is a halfthird 2.5 ? 
  would n't that make a `` whole '' 15 ? 
  he did not at the time , the message was edited later . 
  [ long live romance languages . 
  fucked up tenses master race ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-av6kedwxouc/uclsa2kggvi/aaaaaaaaaay/mf1cwswkzjy/s1600/verbos+simples+y+compuestos.png ), 
  personally , i find stress in foreign languages manageable . 
  i mean , it 's an extra thing to learn and sometimes arbitrary , but so are gendered nouns ... vowel sounds are a whole other level because i * literally ca n't hear them * . 
  those cassette recordings in english class of people going sheeep ... ship ... sheeep ... ship ... sounded to me like a person repeating the very same word over and over . 
  there 's a theory about how language affects our perception of reality . 
  cultures that do n't have different words for blue and green find it harder to distinguish between the shades , for example . 
  i think the same is true for the difference in those sounds , my mind is just not wired properly to register them as different . 
  ohhh . 
  i thought you meant masses as in masses of people , large crowds . 
  hence the misunderstanding . 
  i 'm a spanish native speaker , so i 'm used to a language with just 5 vowel sounds . 
  that is a cross we bear learning practically any foreign language . 
  short and long sounds are a mistery . 
  sheet and shit might as well be the same word . 
  obviously any number higher than 0 is non-ideal , that does n't mean you 're right in describing a few dozen people as masses . 
  and for the record i did n't downvote . 
  you make it seem like you are talking about a sizeable part of the country . 
  this 20-n the fascist manifestation in madrid was formed by less than 200 people . 
  that 's hardly `` masses '' . 
  - fillon becomes president of france . 
  - the trump administration suffers some scandals because of them abusing their position for personal gain and/or putting friends and family in positions of power . 
  talks of impeachment go nowhere . 
  - damage in western relations with russia and china , possible move towards cold war levels of propaganda on both sides . 
  - the queen dies . 
  - government in spain prepares for new elections despite having been in power for less than a year . 
  - talks of nexit . 
  - attemp to reach national agreement to unite border policy in europe and/or distribute refugees more uniformly among eu members . 
  - fake media and potential measures to stop it from happening gain mainstream attention as a main topic . 
  people fear censorship being slipped as anti fake media laws . 
  - the uk bans something stupid because morals and children . 
  - jesus , king of poland gains traction as merkel 's successor to lead the eu . 
  the perejil island incident . 
  said island is , in the coast of north africa , near spanish cities . 
  in 2002 morocco put a flag on the island , with the conflict scalating enough to guarantee mentions by the otan and mediations by the us . 
  in the end , [ spain to deployed the legion to bravely conquer it back , taking the moroccan soldiers as hostages and sending them back to morocco ] ( http://elpais.com/diario/imagenes/2002/07/21/espana/1027202401_850215_0000000000_sumario_normal.jpg ) . 
  why was it stupid ? 
  well ... did i mention that the whole island is just a 300 meters long piece of rock ? 
  yup . 
   was support high when he won the civil war ? 
  how can one answer the question ? 
  the civil war was basically a fight between supporters and detractors . 
  by the time it ended those who opposed franco were either fleeing the country , in prison , dead , or taking good care of not being open about their opinions for fear of ending like the others . 
  it 's not like you could run a poll . 
  franco is seen as a dictator ( obviously ) , as someone who exterminated all traces of culture in the country by having practically all intelectuals killed or displaced , as someone who kept the country stuck in the past and culturally isolated for ages , as a repressor of regional identities , freedom of speech , sexual freedom , freedom or religion , minorities ' and women 's rights , and an all around asshole . 
  most of the time it comes up in conversation is for one of these three things : - [ as a parody of the right ] ( http://blogs.lainformacion.com/telediaria/files/2012/01/wyoming-marioneta-franco.jpg ) . 
  for example , the phrase `` esto con franco no pasaba '' ( `` this would n't happen under franco '' ) is commonly used sarcastically to parody people that oppose change . 
  - in debates about how to handle the past : the left wing usually favors removing street names and monuments , taking bones from mass graves and giving them proper burial , etc. 
  while the right favors leaving it all as it is , considering it past history and avoid `` reopening old wounds '' . 
  - lately , it comes up a lot in debates about our current political system . 
  since the transition to democracy was based in compromise and centered in keeping things peaceful , some people critizise the result for being too bland in issues like the church 's privileges , political figures that remained as politicians in democratic times , the monarchy , etc. 
  in those debates , usually the younger generations ask for deeper change while older people point out that at the time the danger of a new civil war/violent movement was a serious possibility and that the accord between factions was anything other than a complete success . 
  i 've seen some comments around the internet about how his rule was a mixed bag , since it `` prevented the spread of communism in the region '' and `` the republican side was just as bad '' , and how spanish people are divided about his rule . 
  it irks me to no end , specially since this version of history is always shared by foreigners , practically never by natives , and for a good reason . 
  however , unlike denying the holocaust , that rethoric is far more accepted outside the country . 
  there are no significant political movements in spain that defend his rule . 
  the small extreme right parties that do so never achieve more than getting a few dozen people together in a protest , or political representation in a town of 300 people from time to time . 
  oops my bad . 
  1 cal heats 1 gr of water , that much is true , but i used kcal ( kilocalorie ) , which is enough to heat 1l of water . 
  you 're right about heating it just one degree and not 100 , that was a huge brain fart on my part . 
   i can easily envision 1000 feet as a distance and i can easily imagine what a 55f day feels like . 
  i can picture 20 miles like how i can picture 32 kilometers . 
  one 's as easy as the other you have a severe misconception . 
  units are n't used for `` picturing '' distances . 
  obviously that works with any kind of unit . 
  units are used to measure with precision and convert from one to the other .
