   furthermore , considering the general community guidelines update we thought it a useful time for a moderator q&a !, 
  by this you refer to the new rule 's addition , or to an additional reddit guidelines update i 'm not aware of ? 
  also , i would like to see some discussion about the rules that apply to local news . 
  the way it is now , you ca n't post non-english news unless you translate the whole article . 
  i understand its purpose - keeping redditors from editorializing the source - but for countries like mine , that are heavily underrepresented and do n't have many english speaking sources , it keeps a lot of news and discussion out of the subreddit . 
  there 's many times where i would like to share some piece of news or article but just i ca n't spend half an hour translating the whole thing . 
  maybe it could get a little toned down ? 
  i do n't have a solution to how exactly , perhaps allowing to just summarize , having trusted people check it , i do n't know ... 
  i 'm confused . 
  this is what you said :  and it is fake news . 
  she wants to end all non-european dual citizenship , there was no singling out of jews at any point in her proposal or subsequent discussion . 
  a journalist did ask if her proposal also included french-israelis and she said yes , because israel is not in europe . 
  this is what the article says :  le pen , a leading contender in the upcoming french presidential contest , told france 2 tv that if elected , she will not allow french citizens to hold on to any citizenship in a non-european country . 
  when asked specifically about israel and jews , who form a large community in france , the front national party leader responded : `` israel is n't a member of the european union , and does n't consider itself as such , '' so they reported exactly what you claim is the truth ? 
  where are the fake news ? 
  lol . 
  if spain 's pce party is your concept of extreme left then we 'll be fine . 
  those violent , violent , grandpas ... 
  the last time they were in the news they were asking the government to give a posthumous medal to a deceased poet . 
  do n't be that way , the irish can perfectly go on holidays to scotland . 
  i was in your place a few years ago . 
  hi , past me !, 
  if you do n't like clubbing you basically have three choices : - common friends ( worst , as circles are relatively closed and you do n't see a lot of new people that way - even more so if your friends are also introverted ) - joining a group with a shared interest ( photography , films , whatever , just make sure it is n't a hobby with a 99 % male fanbase like roleplaying ) . 
  i recommend language learning , going to language exchanges , etc. 
  do n't knock it out immediately as a place for quick sex , there 's thousands of people there coming from wildly different backgrounds . 
  from people looking for a quick relief from stress , through women who have been alone for too much time and give it a try , to people who are too shy to approach people in a club and decide to do it through a smartphone . 
  there 's someone from everyone , just mind that you 're going to have to go through several dates that just wo n't work for dozens of possible reasons out of your ( and her ) control . 
  also , and for what it 's worth ( and even though reddit holds the completely opposite opinion ) , growing up i 've become convinced that all that intj , introverted/extroverted etc it 's mainly bullshit . 
  it might have some kind of truth to it , but in the end it 's just going to be a self fulfilling prophecy : we humans just do n't like being out of our confort zone , if you 're not used to extremely social situations you find them tyring and anxiety inducing , but exposure to them is what stops them from being anxious . 
  limiting yourself to `` introverted contexts '' it 's like refusing to go to a gym because you 're fat or scrawny . 
  if the us suddenly turns heavily against ecuador for protecting enemies of the state , and assange is proved to be no angel , then normal voters will very much care . 
  the us has a lot of international leverage , and they 'll see their lives become worse as a direct cause of the president 's eccentricities . 
  well , it is harming ecuador 's relations with the west in general . 
  it used to be good publicity since they were in theory standing up for a protector of freedom ; nowadays assange is widely considered a russian asset so protecting him is benefiting ecuador less and less . 
  also , i think he specifically went against the rules the embassy set , by influencing the american elections . 
   i think the concept of freedom of religion needs to be reworked in a way that it does n't include islam . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
   @jotdownspain : are drugs better off being carried in hand luggage or in a checked-in suitcase ? 
    @policia : it 's better if you have them rolled up and where the dogs ca n't detect them ( in a cigarette packet ? 
  ) but you do risk a report for public consumption, 
  that 's it , next ww we 're siding with china . 
  ever since that time he publicly taught a guy how to keep his joints from being discovered at the airport . 
  do you think he 'll put the interests of europe over those of germany ? 
  is that a concern ? 
   there are some thorny issues he has remained silent on so far ... could you expand on that ? 
  what are the main unknowns of his candidacy ? 
  do i hear madrid ? 
  i ca n't be the only one that triple checks the twitter handle to make sure it is n't a parody . 
  i want to think that the 9.000 + retweets are making fun of him . 
  mate , no offense intended , but your confrontational attitude in this whole thread is n't doing your arguments any favor . 
  and for the record i do n't really care about the independence issue either way . 
   raining like hell !, 
   summer ( \u30fb _ \u30fb , 
  honest question : is n't it better for the left , and for those who do n't want to have le pen in charge , to have the guy still running ? 
  i mean , he 'll divide the right making it twice as easy for the left , no ? 
  and there 's probably not a high chance of ending up with both fillon and le pen in the top 2 ... 
   my nickname was tirafrutas or gabacho are you sure it was n't banter ? 
  we tend to do that . 
  is n't forcibly dragging someone like that considered assault ? 
  as a spaniard , i feel at home knowing while i 'm working most of you do n't have a job :p, 
  you guys are cool , but man that is some shitty press . 
  does n't load for me , for some reason . 
  but i 'll take your word !, 
  are you assuming that the operator pays the same as an end user ? 
  they 'll most certainly not . 
   your operator pays 77 $ for that but customer only pays 25 $ . 
  is the 77 a random number ? 
  the foreigner operator will have to pay for their country 's people coming into yours too , since tourists do n't only go one way . 
  in the end they 'll probably just let each other use the networks . 
  that 's a good point , the state would be missing that income and has to replace it somehow . 
  well , that 's why i 'm in favor of free education ( so people are n't limited to manual labor jobs ) and universal income . 
  i did n't understand your point , sorry . 
  how is human labor being taxed ? 
  i know about the incoming job scarcity . 
  slowering down market adaptation of robots by making them artificially more expensive is n't tackling the problem , though , it 's just reducing productivity to keep the obsolete system working a little longer . 
  i agree with the problem , just not with the solution . 
  i kind of see the point , but i do n't agree that you should tax the most efficient way of production , since then you 're then essentially altering the market supporting ineffectiveness . 
  if wealth ends up being concentrated in a few , we already have taxes that increase with excess wealth to deal with that . 
  why taxing robots ? 
  all the other measures will have to be applied at some point , but that one seems like taxing freezers so people can keep selling ice . 
  just adapt . 
  creating a social network , while it 's not a big deal technologically ( in relative terms ) is pretty much impossible socially . 
  google has been trying to get a piece of the social network/messaging system cake for ages with no result , users simply rely on the service all people is already in . 
  please let macron reach the second round . 
  after all this shit i 'm fearing fillon vs le pen , followed by le pen winning because the majority wo n't care to go vote for one over the other . 
  honestly , if it was n't for / r/europe and a couple other subreddits i would have left long ago . 
   should we also `` discover '' the americas again ? 
  nah , trust me , the gold 's all gone . 
  two can play this game . 
  depends on the issue . 
  there 's lots of sexism going on , pro gun advocates , etc. 
  i think i 'm actually going to bet though . 
  if i witness the end of the eu i might as well make some cash out of it as a silver lining ; if i lose i wo n't care . 
  you are assuming that the republican party will keep supporting him indefinitely . 
  i 'm not convinced about that at all . 
  china always minds their own business , so you ca n't tell either way . 
  gibraltar is regarded here as a running joke , to be honest , pretty much no one considers it important ; i 'm surprised that it comes up so much . 
  in any case i do n't really consider the military to be incompetent - just like anything else in this country ( health , education , police ) , people in the field do a surprisingly amazing job considering the underfunding and disastrous management that comes from above . 
  i just would n't trust my life to said mismanagement and underfunding .
