  as far as the news go , i think the teachers are going too far into politics for the kids ' age , that 's true ; but find it funny to see precisely the abc throwing up their hands in horror and claiming indoctrination , being that they continuously fight tooth and nail to protect religious education in schools . 
  holy shit abc 's comment section is a cesspool ... 
  even more than i expected from the site . 
  for those that do n't know spanish , some excerpts : - they complain about 40 years of `` debilcracia '' - from debil ( weak ) + democracia ( democracy ) - `` treators of spain do what they want , the situation will be fixed by the same as always . . the patriots . '', 
  - claim that catalonian is a dialect of spanish - `` these people have the same modus operandi as radical muslims , that 's why they 're allied '' - `` this is also terrorism '', 
  there could be something really obvious here that i 'm missing but : what do we need an official gender for ? 
  it is not a rhetorical question , i 'm kind of thinking aloud here . 
  once we accept homosexual relations and marriage ( so a person from any gender can marry another person from any gender ) why do we care in official documents if a person is male or female ? 
  we are all supposed to be treated the same so maybe it 's just a piece of information that has become obsolete . 
  you do n't put in your id if you 're black , for example . 
  this sub has biases in general , as most other places . 
  but i find it way calmer and less circlejerk-y than the rest of reddit . 
  perhaps it 's just that it 's more isolated to the political climate that 's present nowadays in american forums . 
  other than the subject of refugees , that tends to get quite emotional on both sides , discussion tends to be way more rational and friendly . 
   basically the same on meneame.net ( the spanish reddit-like site ) . 
  let 's be honest , most of the spanish forums ( meneame , forocoches and the like ) have a userbase closer to 4chan than anything similar to reddit . 
  it does n't help that our media is becoming more biased and lowering the quality by the day ... 
  i 've always considered you guys scandinavia 's spaniards . 
  and finland is n't even there ... a bug in the matrix i guess . 
   since your family can opt you out after your death that 's only half true . 
  in spain your family ca n't choose for you , but they can be asked about what ** you ** wanted - they can serve as witnesses if you did n't want to donate but did n't let a document saying so . 
  i guess they could technically choose for you and no one would know , but the law does n't allow that . 
  i do n't think that 's going to be a problem since it also affects all other carbonated drinks ( coke zero and similar ) . 
  it 's more about taxing non-essential goods , and about using the precedent set by other countries to support the measure ( `` look , finland does it , they 're more advanced than we are '' ! ) . 
  health concerns are an afterthought . 
  i also suspect that they chose this measure because the main companies affected are n't local - or because it helps beer ( also taxed now , and usually local ) to remain competing in price with carbonated drinks . 
  but this last paragraph is just a personal idea . 
  i 'm all for it , since the alternative was rising vat . 
  alcohol , tobacco and coca cola are fine , but no one * needs * them to live . 
   but that pic of afghans in a first grade school is sweden was hilarious , i 'll give you that what picture ? 
  i even turned off the ad blocker and still ca n't see it . 
  ouch , that 's bad . 
  is that legal under polish law ? 
  is n't there any law that forbids discrimination based on ideology ? 
  can someone shed some lights on this ? 
  i 'm not familiar with polish politics , is the right wing against jews for some reason ? 
  is there any finnish expression that does n't mean `` i want you to leave me alone '' ? 
  we 'll that plus finland make it obvious that lack of warmth correlates with intelligence . 
  put your students in the fridge . 
  i say this without any political meaning , it 's just an observation : in most pictures , merkel looks like she should be holding and petting a persian cat . 
  i said :( already , do n't rub it in !, 
  i 've seen a lot of anti-jew propaganda among the '' `` skeptic '' '' crowd . 
  you know the ones ? 
  those that think that you should never vote because `` they '' control you like sheep , and `` they '' have the power through the bilderberg club , and `` they '' spread toxics through the smoke that comes out of planes to control you ... we 'll apparently extreme right groups are having the easiest time ever manipulating that crowd to link those `` theys '' with evil jewish bankers and businessmen . 
  all the conspiracy guys would n't ever , ever , consider themselves nazis , and most swear they are extreme left , but they are unknowingly buying anything that fits their conspirative ideas.there are even manuals being distributed by nazi groups about how to turn online discussions in their favor . 
  a girl i knew went through that route and by the time i cut contact he was starting to buy into holocaust denial ... 
  oh you have n't heard about ultrahard brexit . 
  hint : it involves a lot of rowing . 
   ( ... ) strongly criticised the thinktank 's report , saying it seemed to pursue an agenda to cast british muslims as separate , dangerous and in need of saving , while the thinktank had `` provided ample fodder to countless headlines demonising muslims '' i mean , is n't the very purpose of a think tank to pursue an agenda ? 
  and since we 're at it , eli5 : why are claims by any think tank even considered , since the very definition of a think tank makes them the very opposite of objectivity ? 
   the european union defined hate speech in this code as `` all conduct publicly inciting to violence or hatred directed against a group of persons or a member of such a group defined by reference to race , colour , religion , descent or national or ethnic origin . '' uh ... so gender and sexual orientation are fair game ? 
   spain : rajoy you ca n't really count spain in the right anymore though - we have a left wing majority in congress . 
  the only reason rajoy is still president is that our parties are used to the former bipartisanship system and monolithic governments . 
  they have n't managed to adapt to the new multi-party environment , where compromise is essential to form a coalition . 
  after 2 elections and about a year of failed negotiations , they gave up and let the most voted party in by itself . 
  still , it 's a major change from the past legislature : the recent minimum wage raise and the abolition of rajoy 's censorship laws are a testament to that . 
  they also rejected a vat raise , opting instead for extra taxes to alcohol , tobacco and sugary drinks to balance the budget . 
  in science there is a specific definition for theory , which is basically the collection of all we know about a topic . 
  hence , if you study the theory of magnetism , it is akin to say `` the whole body of knowledge we have explaining magnetism '' . 
   so if i said the world was split in 6 zones where time goes by using different means ( just some horribly contrived scientific thing as an example ) , that would n't be a theory ? 
  does a theory really need a lot of evidence backing it ? 
  no it would n't , it needs to satisfy some requirements : mainly , it should be testable ( so you should be able to perform experiments that validate it ) and it should be able to make predictions that are verifiable ( a brilliant example of this is the periodic table : when it was first proposed it already had blank spaces for the elements that theorethically were predicted to exist and have certain properties , and the later discovery of those elements validated the idea ) . 
   sure , it does if it wants to become a fact , but in general , can it not be a theory if it does n't have enough evidence backing it ? 
  that 's the whole mistake ; in science theory is not the lower step to facts . 
  it 's the collections of all facts about a certain topic along with its explanation . 
  a theory ca n't raise in the ranks to something more `` trustable '' because it is already the highest step of trustability we have . 
   and what would you call something like what i just described : some idea without any evidence backing it ? 
  surely that has to have a name as well . 
  perhaps hypothesis , but only on the condition that is should be able to be tested , otherwise it 's just a claim and probably pseudoscience . 
  we 've been through this for years , destroying workers rights does n't lead to better employment . 
  turns out that when people work 10 hours a day and their salary is still not enough to pay for basic living conditions , they ca n't spend money in pretty much anything ; and with no consumers no business can survive . 
  it 's all a spiral to the bottom . 
  let austerity measures force them to pay out of their own pocket for more expensive education , health , and basics and you get a recipe for disaster . 
  unemployment is not a thing because companies can afford their workers , it is a thing because consumers ca n't afford to buy anything non-essential . 
  a walk through spain will confirm it : what businesses are thriving ? 
  pawning places that buy jewelry and gold at ripoff prices from those that have to go through it or starve , apps to search for work ( some of which are famous for users trying to lure young women into prostitution ) , apps for second hand buying and selling of anything because no one can afford to buy products first hand , language courses to emigrate ... unemployment always magically improves in summer and christmas . 
  why ? 
  because the country is filled with tourists and for one there are people in the streets that can afford to buy products and services . 
  every single spaniard that has gone through this song and dance for the last ten years knows it . 
  the polemical security law known popularly as `` ley mordaza '' ( gag law ) , which was set in place by rajoy 's government last legislature , is in the process of being at least partially revoked by the new congress ( rajoy 's party and ciudadanos are against it , but they do n't have enough votes to stop it ) . 
  the law to be revoked implied : [ sanctions = 100-600 euros ] - taking part in spontaneous public demonstrations - climbing buildings - disrespecting authority [ harsh sanctions = between 600 and 30.000 euros ] - recording images of the police - blocking public streets - taking part in public demonstrations in front of congress , the senate and other administrative buildings . 
  - refusing collaboration with police forces ' investigations . 
  [ this one is mainly used against people that protect poor people from evictions by banks ] - refusing to dissolve demonstration - accepting or asking for [ paid ] sexual services - ilegal occupation of unused buildings - pointing to a police officer using a laser pointer [ very harsh sanctions - between 30.000 and 600.000 euros ] - public demonstrations that have n't been previously communicated to the relevant authorities near public offices . 
  the law also allows the police to simply push those people who cross the border illegally back to their country without due process ( in the cities of ceuta and melilla , that have a land border with africa ) . 
  ------ also , there 's been some public discussion about how spain should react to the death of fidel castro ; specifically , it was in question wether spain should be present in the public acts that will take place in habana . 
  important factors at play : - cuba was part of spain until 1898 , and as a result there are strong cultural ties between the two countries . 
  - fidel itself had strong emotional ties to spain ( he was of spanish origin ) and apparently a good relationship with king juan carlos . 
  - there are strong economic and political interests at play : in a potential opening of cuba to democracy and/or foreign businesses , spain would have an advantaged position to help , act as a negotiator and have an advantaged business position due to cultural ties . 
  - public image issues : the government is concerned about being perceived as too close to a dictatorship . 
  finally , it was decided that king juan carlos would represent the country in habana , which is considered to be a very high level representation . 
  in spain it 's not really a big deal , within common sense . 
  8 year old kid has to go ? 
  no problem . 
  drunk guy walking home at 3 am with no open place in sight goes discreetly behind a trash container ? 
  probably no big deal . 
  grown man in a major street midday with dozens of places around ? 
  yep , you 're paying a fine . 
  as other people said though , fines go more in the direction of littering and less in the direction of sexual offense/public nudity . 
  personal choice . 
  what would you rather have ?
