  it 's interesting that the lines for spain and portugal are almost identical ( with us being on top * as it should be * ) except for a crash in portugal in 1975 . 
  what was that about ? 
   i guess we should mention germanwings accident ? 
  or paris terrorist attack ? 
  or abc calling catalans nazis ? 
  or a c 's member saying that catalans are like the ku klux klan ? 
  or the newspapper `` el espa\u00f1ol '' calling catalan independentists talibans ? 
  those are all obviously stupid , but what point are you trying to make ? 
  if you give me 10 minutes and a stack of abc and el espa\u00f1ol i can find 50 references that would be personally insulting towards me ( for being an atheist , for being left wing , for voting podemos , for ... ) . 
  and i can just as well find statements to be offended about by pro independent politicians and media - i do n't see however how that leads to `` the spanish government and justice system is corrupt and antidemocratic '' . 
  passsing judgment according to the law is the opposite of corruption , it 's how they 're supposed to act . 
  also , this is the tribunal superior de justicia de catalu\u00f1a , your highest tribunal according to the estatuto de autonomia , so it would be your equivalent of the tribunal supremo , were you to become independent . 
  i see the problem . 
  you 've been misinformed by your mexican neighbours , with whom you share the postcolonial pastime of desecrating european languages . 
  however , as legitimate creators of the language we get to decide what the word tortilla means : it is an omelette , to which we added potatoes brought from the new world by our conquistadores in order to remind the french of who got to decimate that continent first . 
  in any case , i was n't referring to mexican * tortas * , [ but to the dish that buzzfeed ~ ~ cooked ~ ~ perpetrated last month ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5shc8y/buzzfeed_made_a_spanish_tortilla_and_the_spanish/ ), 
  getting rid of us ? 
  please , after the american attempts at making paella and tortilla this was almost a compliment . 
  this is unrelated to the specific issue , but i love the way he wrote that statement . 
  it reads in the tone of technical documentation rather than politics ; no rhetoric , no double speak , just explaining his decision in a plain and logical way . 
  `` i 've done this because so and so reasons , i know i acted differently in the past but now it 's different because so and so , and acting in a different manner would not be correct because x and y. '', 
  i wish our politicians used that register more . 
  it 's amazing . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 've created some threads that were insta downvoted ( local news ) , which is a shame because due to subreddit rules i need to translate the whole thing before submitting ; but i thought it was mainly the biases of the sub ( brexit related news rise instantly ) . 
  i 've had my fair share of discussions with people here that assumed it . 
  it 's funny , because you only hear foreigners claim it , i never even considered a possibility . 
  you 'd think they would ask spaniards first before forming an opinion ... 
  what have you seen ? 
  do n't get greedy , we have british ~ ~ invasors ~ ~ too . 
  it 's basically ptsd . 
  we saw the brexit vote passed against all polls , then trump winning in america , now people are scared as shit of possible unforeseen shitshows . 
  just avoid the sub outside 9-7 . 
  it sounds like a joke , but i swear the sub is worse when america is awake . 
  you can time it . 
  i post , get 5 downvotes and then realize the time and leave it there . 
  sure enough , some hours later i 'm sitting at +20 . 
   six peolpe are believed to have been injured and images posted on social media showed paramedics treating the wounded . 
  one victim is said to be in a serious condition but none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening . 
  horror of the attack aside , how can someone hit six people with a motherfucking axe and not lethally harm anyone ? 
  nooooooo, 
   are people here really anti-wikileaks ? 
  i am quite mad at them because whistleblowing is necessary and they 've used it as a political tool , thereby putting in doubt the legitimacy of future leaks . 
  the cia leak might not be receiving the attention it deserves , but wikileaks has no one to blame but themselves for the lack of trust they 're given right now, 
  tfw the country is holding you down but ca n't start a secesionist movement because you 're the capital . 
  are you , personally , a programmer ? 
  if so , search for the `` underhanded c '' contest and read the entries and winners . 
  after researching that , you wo n't be as sure about open source 's inherent security . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i 'm a fan of open source . 
  but at the level we 're talking about here it provides 0 security . 
  this is triple scary : - first : the cia did it ( the most expected ) - second : if the exploits end up in the manufacturers ' hands and patched , then the cia 's basically left crippled until they manage to get their shit together again . 
  - third : apparently the tools * have been circulating for some time * . 
  their tools could be in anyone 's pocket right now . 
  for a moment i read bdsm . 
  i was wondering when we became that openly kinky ... 
  the one i included is marked as the one to fill in to apply for [ permanent residency as well . 
  what the fuck is wrong with / r/all lately ? 
  is reddit the new stormfront ? 
  it used to be bad , but not * this * bad ... 
  we do n't have open lists here , but i do n't think people pay much attention to specific individuals , just parties as a whole . 
  is it common to have all in one ballot ? 
  [ in spain we have different ballots for each party , and we vote by grabbing the one we want and putting it into an envelope . 
  we would , but it would probably be stopped at the airport :p, 
    someone threw an axe through the window of the house of antwerp mayor ( and n-va chairman ) way to waste an axe . 
  a stone would have done the same job :p, 
  please tell me this wo n't have the same effect as cameron betting his career on the remain campaign . 
  there 's also [ french ] ( http://extranjeros.empleo.gob.es/es/modelossolicitudes/mod_solicitudes2/18-certificado_residencia_comunitaria_fr.pdf ) and [ german ] ( http://extranjeros.empleo.gob.es/es/modelossolicitudes/mod_solicitudes2/18-certificado_residencia_comunitaria_de.pdf ) , although knowing our administration i would n't bet on the quality of that translation . 
  [ 1 page in spain ( 2 counting instructions ) . 
  where 's your efficiency now ? 
   it says that the president eats a sausage on friday , which is considered a sin by the catholic church . 
  are those rules followed in poland ? 
  i live in one of the strongholds of catholicism and i have never heard about those kinds of norms being taken seriously by even the most religious people around . 
  it would get you laughed out of the room . 
  it 's not wrong , spain had 80 % of illiteracy rate in some areas back then , and it was in general one of the most illiterate countries on the continent . 
  the second republic improved things greatly ( its focus on education was remarkable ) , only for spain to get pushed back again by the civil war and the dictatorship that followed . 
  nope , not that hard right haha . 
  no one would just nonchalantly do that unless it 's an 80 year old senile man or something like that . 
  it would not be met with just a sigh . 
  it 's more of a incoherent fox news style rambling : - hey so where are you going ? 
  - to my workplace - aah so young and with a job . . you 're lucky !, 
  after those socialists destroyed the country and the inmigrants took the rest and all the jobs are given to woman and gays ... see , my son ca n't get a job and i always say that he should be getting it before all that people that come to use our free healthcare ... 
  my worst was an older guy with a very bad bladder that made two different stops in solitary backstreets to take a leak hidden between trash containers . 
  he did n't try to charge the time it took , of course , but it was still quite concerning . 
  i like iratxe garcia 's reply :  `` i am here to defend all european women from men like you . '' . 
  for once i feel properly represented by my country 's politicians, 
  you 're lucky . 
  here taxi drivers are known for dragging you into awkward conversations by making racist and or hard right wing comments . 
  for contrast , a couple pics of the same towers [ taken ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/czlteyaxaaazflb.jpg ) in a [ cloudy ] ( http://s5.eestatic.com/2016/12/13/actualidad/actualidad_177993620_23255169_1706x960.jpg ) day . 
  asking for equal treatment of eu citizens is childish ? 
  were does the figure of 200k soldiers come from ? 
  the article states that they needed , by state 's claims , 4.000 people ; and only could recruit 2500 a year . 
   it seems the disagreement is simply whether or not the threat is valid enough to implement conscription at this point in time . 
  i 'm not really qualified or knowledgeable enough to discuss it both the validity of the threat and the claim that there is no other way for sweden to ensure its military 's usefulness than conscription . 
  i do n't really judge how much of a threat is russia ( i 'm not qualified to adress that either ) , but i just do n't think sweden has tried enough improving benefits for soldiers to make the offer competitive . 
  the article states that this year they needed 4.000 people and only 2.500 could be recruited ; it also states that the pay being currently offered is way below the age group 's average . 
  i do n't think paying decent wages for that amount of people is unmanageable for a first world country , to the point of having to resort to ( what i think should be considered ) an extreme measure . 
   unfortunately you can not collect enough taxes to pay for a big enough military to counter the increasing russian threat . 
  so you need conscription . 
  that is quite a statement and i would like to see some numbers for it , because what the article states is :  the wages for professional soldiers run well below the national average for the age group , providing little monetary incentive ca n't sweden provide an * average * salary for its military ? 
  is that such an insurmountable feat that they 're forced to extreme measures ?
