  alemania * , otherwise spot on . 
  if you ever need help you can join us at / r/spanish , there are plenty of natives and students helping each other , 
   yeah but not everyone has a comfort to lose half a year of their live that does n't further their education status you do n't lose the year , you 're still studying . 
  it is true that erasmus students usually pay less attention to their studies due to the possibilities that open up for having fun , but you can perfectly go on erasmus and keep studying . 
  no one studies 24/7 at home either . 
   i 'm not sure why would anyone let people go abroad without knowing a language beforehand or else it would just end up in people forming closed circles like it often happens . 
  well for one , learning a language is not all-or-nothing . 
  you can be fluent enough to communicate and still benefit from an immersive exchange . 
  then , there 's the obvious point that as an erasmus student , you usually go abroad having learned english , and then get to learn the local language through immersion . 
   and having to go abroad just to get a job is a positive thing ? 
  * having to go abroad * is negative , and it happens regardless of the erasmus program . 
  however , if you 're in a situation where you 're in that need , * being able to do it * is great . 
  adding possibilities is always a plus . 
   there is and will be a small fraction of young society that gets to travel around and have all the opportunities that will wonder what is the rest complaining about since they have it so nice . 
  in my country at least the erasmus program is available to everyone that wishes to go , it 's not much of an expense . 
  in fact i 'd say it 's specially popular among low middle class students since they do n't get to vacation abroad otherwise . 
   yeah , sure . 
  except western companies do n't care about erasmus participation , they want a candidate to come from a renown western university and have at least half a year work experience ( i 'm talking of course about some serious job in industry ) . 
  it does n't even matter that you did phd or anything and they pretend like erasmus is worth something , lmao . 
  it does work in that it helps people learn languages , and in that it helps strip away the fear of the unknown that would go into emigrating for a job . 
  i know many spaniards who would n't have thought about searching for a job abroad until they went on erasmus and changed opinion - it 's a safe introduction to long term travel . 
  the erasmus program also covers internships in some cases , that can certainly help your employability ( you get your foot in ) . 
  i am though !, 
  i 'm a unicorn :d, 
  hey !, 
  do n't judge , they could be brilliant chess players too . 
  has n't there been a daily `` you 're all going to day '' reminder yet ? 
  it 's monday !, 
   and even spanish people who could speak english . 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  if anyone 's curious about why spaniards have problems speaking other languages , look at this chart . 
  you 're all using sounds we ca n't even tell apart :(, 
   secretly dead i just got a mental picture of her being moved by strings like a puppet . 
   la haine , french , 1995 any idea about what 's with the cow in that movie ? 
  is it something lost in translation or is it something symbolic that went over my head ? 
   i 'll make a start with tchick , the latest movie from fatih akin who was born in germany to turkish parents . 
  the movie is made after a novel by wolfgang herrndorf any idea about where i can ( ejem ) `` borrow '' this one with english subs ? 
   does that `` refugees welcome '' banner still hang in the centre of very naive madrid ? 
  yes , and we will keep supporting it thank you very much . 
  these assholes are always locals converted by propaganda . 
  you 're welcome to come too !, 
  looks like you need to relieve some stress , 
  [ perhaps one of the countries that have n't been invaded . ], 
  ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02388/britain_2388153b.jpg ) will sweden or belarus come to your help ? 
  you just go straight in hahaha where in spain are you living ? 
  denmark is to scandinavia what spain is to europe . 
  or what andalucia is to spain ... 
  it 's spaniards all the way down . 
  it could be , depending on what age you mean by school though ... we tend to discover the tradition around university , it might have just been the natural order of things haha, 
  just answered [ here !, 
   ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5lmtjf/europe_according_to_spain/dbx2jxf/ ), 
  sure , why not . 
  you can climb the rock to have a good view of our european single market , 
  have you met scandinavian tourists/erasmus ? 
  when they come and tell you about their neighbours , they usually mention their southern neighbours as more laid back party goers , slightly more christian , with a tendency to drink beer and prone to accidentally saying something non-pc . 
  it 's always sounded eerily familiar ... un poco cogido por los pelos pero tu me contaras que co\u00f1o digo de un danes haha, 
  whenever there are public rankings about development index , environmentalism , education , etc the result is `` we 're shit at everything , we have to be like the guys at the top of the list '' . 
  those places usually happen to be occupied by the netherlands and scandinavia . 
  having to choose , we 'd rather be the one with weed , beer and hookers . 
  the mix of people not smiling ( to western standards ) and gothic architecture in prague would be a spanish emo teenager 's wet dream . 
  admitedly not my best choice haha, 
  [ good enough ] ( http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/5367/1370/1600/zoidberg-beim-tanz.jpg ), 
  this being a holiday destination , it is common to have romantic adventures during summer with tourists looking for parties . 
  mainly brits , germans and scandinavians come here , but specifically swedish and norwegian girls are considered extremely beautiful ( men too i guess , but apparently the men tend to be shy and frustrate our girls haha ) although thanks to the erasmus program it 's become more of a year long thing . 
  do n't think we 've forgotten about the boats !, 
  [ are we really bringing long piercy things into this ? 
  :( ] ( http://www.xn--elcaminoespaol-1nb.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/tsr_vel%c3%a1zquez_de_breda_o_las_lanzas.jpg ), 
  who ? 
   they really failed in the us election but if they had really called out trump for what he was , they would have lost even more credibility in the eyes of people who have been led to believe the media is all against them already . 
  the problem ( in the beginning at least ) was n't not treating trump harshly ; it was giving him waaay too much coverage for shock value since he 's basically a reality show character . 
  then , they focused in entertainment instead of actual policy because the latter is boring . 
  the debates were announced and waited on as if it was an wwe match , with people wanting to see `` who would win '' ( the moment that a policy discussion has winners there 's a huge error of concept ) . 
  if an election turns into a popularity contest we 're all screwed because the smart policy maker is n't usually a good showman - the us luckied out with obama because he won by being charming , and he happened to be also a great politician . 
  he was n't voted in because of his policies , in general . 
   there answer : ' i know a guy go there and found a good job and he can get all those beautifull hot pale blond girls ... ' i mean , talking about immigrants ( not refugees ) that 's like the worlds ' most common reason to migrate . 
  if we look down on people hoping for hot girls , we have to shut the borders of my country so people ca n't get in . 
  if we look down on people wanting a good job , we have to shut our borders for people going out . 
  i do n't think fake news is a buzzword . 
  the meaning is quite literal . 
  reports about something that did n't happen . 
   who cares , i actually care about what the truth is , otherwise i might as well go read a novel . 
   i feel like trump 's election and the emergence of the `` alt-right '' ( representative of comments like that ) are the last gasps of the american far right . 
  you can argue about the electoral college all you want , but even if we accept that the guy did n't win in terms of pure votes , he still managed to get 46 % of people to vote for him . 
  almost half the voters is hardly the end of an era and some last straws . 
  coins in spain have the king . 
  in fact they were recently updated to show the new one . 
  i personally do n't like it for aesthetic reasons ( i 'd rather have something symbolic ) but it 's not a big deal . 
  surely there has to be a system to keep people from voting 10 times ( ? ), 
  i honestly do n't know , i 'm not familiar with voting laws in the us . 
  i just do n't understand the link between that and being a manipulator . 
  why does he oppose id laws ? 
   he is one of the main opponents of voter id laws in the us , for one what 's the problem with that ? 
  honest question . 
   he was also a nazi collaborator in hungary during wwii and says he feels no remorse over it . 
  i checked because it sounded anachronistic . 
  the dude was born in 1930 . 
  he was 14 during the war . 
  it 's applied in spain , and we 're world leaders in donations thanks to it . 
  glad to see it expand through europe .
