  with metric , 1 litre of water weights exactly 1 kilo , freezes at exactly 0 degrees , boils at exactly 100 degrees at a pressure of exactly 1 atm , using an energy to go from freezing to boiling of exactly 1 kcal . 
  why does that matter ? 
  well , this is the result : the answer to `` i have a 0.8 gallons of water , how much does this weight '' is `` wait , let me multiply 0.8 by 8.345 ... do you have a calculator by hand ? 
  nah let 's do it by heart ... 8 by 8 is 64 so that is ... about 6 pounds and a half ? 
  kinda ? '', 
  the answer to `` i have 6.85 litres of water , how much does this weight ? '', 
  is `` duh , 6.85 kg you dumb fuck '' . 
  it 's literally multiplying by 1 . 
  can you see how one system is better than the other now ? 
   also , base 10 is not logical . 
  we use base 10 because our cavemen ancestors had 10 fingers . 
  it 's funny how metric proponents like to say how base 10 is so nice while imperial units are arbitrary while base 10 is arbitrary itself . 
  base 10 is better for some things , base 12 is better for others . 
  the imperial system uses neither . 
  you point is like saying `` hey , do n't be so uppity about your car , planes go faster . 
  that 's why i walk barefoot over needles . '', 
  spain as sexually repressed ? 
  show him some love too !, 
  he 's one of my favourite authors . 
  philosophy . 
  i love maths but it was taught horribly in highschool , philosophy got tons of great teachers . 
  david sainz makes professional quality comedy videos , including malviviendo , a very popular comedy show that aired on the web . 
  but everything 's in spanish, 
   which i 'm actually getting an mri scan for today so that 'll be fun , good luck with it !, 
  i hope you 're trolling , or that it 's sarcastic . 
  under which authority would we go to a foreign sovereign state , redraw * their * borders , write * their * constitution , and dismantle * their * army ? 
  why would they consent to it ? 
  and you do realize that israel has access to nuclear weapons , right ? 
  you 're casually proposing the start of wwiii . 
  could you explain the reference ? 
  i 'm afraid that i 'm not really informed about austrian history . 
  what 's the problem with women ? 
  with the rest of the world , or among euro countries ? 
   ... and it fills gore sites with new content every other day . 
  very educational , if you ever wondered what head looks like after shotgun blast . 
  ugh , this . 
  some former classmates even share the videos through whatsapp to each other , as in `` i bet you do n't have the balls to watch it full '' or as suprise shock links . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  - a reduction/disappearance of the populist right wing rise , europe-wise . 
  - no x-exit referendums passed anywhere else . 
  - uk leave already ( just so we can stop the constant stream of `` news '' about it ) . 
  - no more terror attacks . 
  - no significant effect of russian propaganda in our politics . 
  - no talks to end/limit schengen and freedom of movement for eu citizens . 
  - if we could somehow help convince the trump administration to take climate change seriously that 'd be great . 
  - still exist by next december is a good one . 
  - the rise of some competent left wing leader that can compete with merkel ( i like her , but i 'd rather have someone around equally competent that 's closer to my ideas ) . 
  i notice that most of it is just negative ( wishing for x not to happen ) but i 'll leave positives wishes for others . 
  after 2016 stopping the fall would be great in itself . 
  i do n't like the spanish ones with the king in front . 
  regardless of what i think of the monarchy , i think we have way too many potential symbols to put just a guy 's face on it . 
   , i 'm not fluent but i can generally understand most accents but i ca n't understand puerto rican for crap . 
  do n't think much about it ; puerto rican is probably one of the hardest to understand . 
  i 'm a native and struggle with it . 
  have you tried with others ? 
  i 've heard some news recently that smoking is starting to be on the rise here again . 
  however , the situation for non smokers is way , way , way better now than it used to be , partly thanks to european regulations . 
  i remember going to a bar after school as a kid ( parents used to meet for coffee / a beer ) and you could actually see the smoke coming out after opening the door . 
  same for offices and other public spaces . 
  nowadays people only smoke in the open or in their own homes ,, 
  it 's my best guess , but the fact is i do n't come across americans speaking spanish almost anywhere - and it 's weird , comparatively . 
  i know , but they are `` invisible '' due to the us citizens ' tendency to identify culturally . 
  like , an american born guy who is descendant of mexicans will identify as mexican and you 'll never know he 's american unless it specifically comes up . 
  so in the end you only notice the non natives . 
  it 's cool , looks futuristic , like something you could see in a mass effect game . 
  [ i love the coat of arms of my city ( madrid ) because it always brings comedy with it ] ( http://www.tzorafolk.com/genealogy/history/arms/madrid-arms.gif ) why ? 
  well , it depicts a bear , and every time it comes up in conversation there 's someone pointing out that it 's not supposed to be an oso ( bear ) but an osa ( female bear ) . 
  cue curious people looking at the statue in the city center to check for bear dick . 
  spanish is spoken by tons of countries so yeah . 
  also , tons of americans learned spanish for about one year a long time ago in high school and try their luck , usually failing miserably - which i 'm not mad about , i learned english by butchering their language online after all . 
   those are clich\u00e9s well , obviously . 
  that 's the whole point of the question is n't it ? 
  i 'd say the opposite . 
  to me , spain 's texas would be deep andalucia : the overtly flashy religiousness ( pasos , v\u00edrgenes , etc ) , the everyone is nice mentality paired with ruralism , the traditional music ... 
  the only thing where i see euskadi being similar is the secession issue . 
  i remember her and the ordeal with russia ... 
  but i actually ca n't remember the song , nor the performance . 
  i loved loreen in the ... 2012 it was ? 
  that 's the one i remember the most , then the norwegian violinist and the finnish heavies/orcs . 
  i do n't think creationism is taken seriously by any party in europe , in the west at least . 
  same for pretty much every issue where religion is in conflict with science . 
  legally , my macbook . 
  off the charts ? 
  maybe my roommate , either whole or as replacement parts . 
  swedish !, 
  i want to learn an scandinavian language and for some reason it sounds extremely clear to me compared to norwegian/danish . 
  i mean , i could write each spoken word , while with the others i do n't know where each word stops and the next starts , it 's all a continuous sound if that makes sense . 
  i would also want to learn chinese and arab because of the amount of culture i 'm missing , but that 's a whole different beast ... 
  the pays you mean ? 
  those two are n't a gift , your yearly salary is divided by 14 instead or 12 , so you 're getting the same money . 
  some people like it because it makes it easier to budget ( you get extra money when you need it , for christmas and summer vacations ) but its a less flexible model than being free to save or not . 
  i agree that some extreme right wing * voters * support the pp . 
  but what 's important is not that they give their vote to that party , but whether the party itself caters to them , and that is not the case . 
  as for former francoists in the party ( i assume you 're referring mainly to fraga ) , i think that 's the price we paid for a peaceful transition ; still , franco supporters were n't going anywhere and having them integrated into a somewhat moderate party until they die is , in my opinion , the best case scenario . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  pp , bad as it might be , is absolutely pro european and pro refugees , and nothing related to the populist right rising worldwide . 
  the extreme right here is represented by espa\u00f1a 2000 , democracia nacional and similar . 
  none of them even reach congress . 
  my company gave us a 50 $ amazon gift card last year , but it 's a startup . 
  in spain a lot of jobs you get 14 pays a year : one per month , and an extra one on christmas and summer , so some people get that .
