  also , i failed to mention that in spain uni * is * free if you really ca n't afford it . 
  when i started college i was in a very bad economic situation ( living with my mother who had cancer and could n't work ) and i got free uni plus 3.000 euros a year so i could afford to not work full time while i was studying . 
  the requirements for that scholarship are mostly related to family income and personal situation ( disabilities , being victim of terrorism , being an orphan , etc ) . 
  as far as academic performance go you 're only required to pass a certain percentage of classes . 
  not op but nope , 1500 a year is low enough that no one bothers , since you 're probably better off having your support network close ( for example being able to use live with your parents ) and being able to use your native language . 
  people go abroad , but rarely to get free education . 
  i 've never seen him in spanish news , i know him from here and euronews, 
  he looks like [ a hunger games presenter ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-ti9ljc2dhr8/t2c6i-jpaai/aaaaaaaaae8/rgjk8usb8ru/s1600/screen-shot-2012-02-08-at-9.00.38-pm.png ) . 
  other than that , every single piece of news i 've read where he was involved , he seemed like a cunt . 
  oh , i think i was mistaken then . 
  for some reason i thought that rp was a purely `` artificial '' standard accent , and that it was n't spoken natively anywhere ( hence the received part of the name ) . 
  i 'll take a look at elocution classes !, 
  in spain * everyone uses whatsapp * . 
  i mean everyone . 
  even my grandmother has it . 
  i think i have n't used text in 5-6 years , except for receiving codesfrom 2 step verification systems and an add from time to time . 
  how did you learn rp ? 
  did you take specific classes or something ? 
  my spoken english is shit and i 'd like to improve my pronunciation . 
  i 'm sitting next to a drunk beggar that 's decided he 's actually a forgotten boxing legend and is showing his technique throwing punches at the air in front of a concerned german tourist . 
  i 'm pretty sure your mumbling wo n't be noticed . 
  [ besides ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_6rcdiqrsou ) it 's not like there are n't any groups with a [ very similar message ] ( https://youtu.be/_zbmal-u1qm ), 
  by speaking in [ an absurdly convoluted way ] ( http://i.imgur.com/17hcwhc.png ) that 's from an university 's code of conduct , and actually tame . 
  not from , but about my country - and quite accurate :  bismarck : ` i am firmly convinced that spain is the strongest country of the world . 
  century after century trying to destroy herself and still no success . ' also , one from the president of our former republic , annoyed at the general lack of culture :  in this country , the best way of keeping a secret is writing a book about it . 
  ours is from 1978 . 
  it was created after franco 's death and validated by a referendum . 
  despite how new it is there are serious movements asking for its renewal , mainly involving the electoral system and politician 's accountability . 
  well , the alternatives are : - pp ( traditional moderate right ) : constantly involved in corruption cases and scandals that look like / r/nottheonion material - in my region for example , they misallocated funding for education to spread propaganda boycotting groups that protested against reduced funds for education . 
  if that was n't enough , they are the ideological opposite of my values . 
  - ciudadanos : new party , claim to be center , yet they occupy the same political space as pp and always vote in exactly the same way . 
  it 's basically a rebranding to keep disgusted pp voters from moving to other parties . 
  - psoe : ( traditional moderate left ) : also involved in corruption cases , although to a lesser degree . 
  they claim to be social-democrats , and to their credit they did some progress on social issues - like legalising gay marriage , which is why i used to give them my vote . 
  however , the party has become a clusterfuck of dozens of branches stabbing each other in the back , and they 're all panicked by the rise of new parties ; to the point that they decided to step down and let the right wing govern instead of pacting with podemos just because they were afraid of being considered too close to them . 
   f course , yet a nationality is a `` group of people , '' and if you are at war with the nation , then you have concerns about `` what a fraction of them do or support . '', 
  yes , but if you read the full phrase i specifically mentioned banning , not immigration policies in general . 
   the point of the question was simply to discern whether there is something special about religious groups insofar as immigration is concerned . 
  i would n't say that there is something special about religious groups : i do n't think following a religion is ever strong enough evidence to declare someone suspicious , but the same is true for race , economical background , first language , gender , sexual orientation ... now if we 're talking about nationality , and in the specific case of a declared war between nations , i do think that there is a reasonable case to be made for enforcing stricter policies ; but never banning . 
  so , tl ; dr : - unconditional banning never acceptable , selective stricter policies sometimes acceptable . 
  - selective stricter policies never acceptable on the basis of religion ( or gender , or race , or ... ) . 
  however , sometimes acceptable in the basis of country of origin and some other considerations . 
  yeah , not very patriotic in itself . 
  although i think there 's also that we are the capital and as such we host most nation-wide events such as the armed forces parade ; if there are state celebrations there 's usually a good chance that you 'll be hearing the national anthem , not the regional one . 
  spain : podemos : they basically support any stereotypical leftist issue without much of a discussion to avoid causing division . 
  as a result they ( or at least parts of the party ) are pro natural medicine , against gmos , anti nuclear , etc. 
  they also support some supposedly feminist ideas that i do n't agree with , like avoiding the use of gendered pronouns ( using xs in the place of vowels ) . 
  basically , if it 's on their political side the idea is rarely questioned . 
  yes ? 
  born and raised in madrid . 
  i know we have a flag because it 's on some public buildings , but that 's about it . 
  i checked the lyrics on wikipedia and i 'm positive that i 've never heard it . 
   are you categorically against country-specific immigration policies ? 
  the original question was based on religion , not nationality , and i do n't approve of religion specific policies in any case . 
  as for nationality , i still do n't approve straight bans , even in cases like declared war where i think it is reasonable to apply harder processes . 
  the news of people from irak that helped americans as translators are a clear example of why . 
  of course not , i do n't approve of banning a group of people in lieu of what a fraction of them do or support . 
  if you 've got issues with , say , muslims that call for the death of infidels , then you 've got a problem with * those specific muslims * , not with the whole group . 
   every comunidad aut\u00f3noma , that is to say , every region has its own anthem , but in some regions is more important than in others . 
  do we ? 
  i did n't know that ( i 'm from madrid ) . 
  i guess that sorta proves your point about its varying importance ... 
   medicine and approach to taking it ( just shovel it down your throat ) as opposed to ? 
  in 2003 we got 2.000.000 people in the streets just in madrid , protesting against our involvement in irak . 
  the protests were so followed in spain that just vigo had more people protesting than paris . 
  and to war we went anyway . 
  honestly , i just hope that america does n't end up in a stupid war and invoking nato 's article 5 . 
  if it happens we 'll have to choose between following the us into something crazy or ignoring the treaty and therefore putting its real value into question . 
  yep . 
  loreen also comes to mind !, 
  living . . enrique iglesias , penelope cruz , antonio banderas , javier bardem , rafa nadal , pau gasol , fernando alonso , ferran adria ... dead ... cervantes , dal\u00ed , goya , velazquez , picasso , franco ... we actually have a lot to choose from i think, 
  judging by my little brother , i think you should add pewdiepie to the list ... 
   i 've seen many , many supposed left-wingers calling for the killing of alt-righters . 
  then they should n't be covered by freedom of expression either , it 's not a partisan issue . 
   you are not hurting them by oppressing them - they live off this stuff . 
  even worse , by shutting them out of every conventional venue of conversation , by building walls around your safe-spaces and shutting them out , you have just rendered yourself totally ignorant of their plans on motives . 
  i agree , these people are dangerous , but isolating yourself from them is not and never will be the answer . 
  `` keep your friends close and enemies closer '' forcing someone to be civil or get out it 's not `` oppressing them '' . 
  are we really that deluded that people can have their lives threatened and be harassed , but the offenders ca n't be told not do it and have the rule enforced ? 
  one basic right can not override another . 
  calling for the killing of people is clearly stepping on their right to live . 
  and regardless , this issue is n't related to free speech . 
  you get your right to scream whatever you want , reddit just refuses to lend you their microphone . 
  they are part of fashion , not considered something society should care about . 
  by that i mean that there are no impositions for work , you can be a cop and grow a beard if you like . 
  also , compared with the states there are far less negative stereotypes . 
  i know that there , [ something like this ] ( http://beardstyle.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/image0016.jpg ) is considered trashy and mustaches are associated with pedophiles/rapists/creepy guys . 
  no such idea exists here . 
  people feel embarrassed and frustrated that the young have to leave the country in search for better opportunities . 
  there 's a feeling of brain drain , and the general feeling that the best of the country is going away . 
  i think a lot of older people fear that , if the situation does n't improve , they 'll lose their family forever ( say , a mother that knows that her children will eventually marry and form a family abroad so she will only be able to see them a couple times a year ) . 
  abroad we 're mostly shunned for not speaking english properly , for other stereotypes you 'll have to ask those countries that receive us :p, 
  gym , sun ( when available ) , stand up comedy , beer with friends , tinder date , learning languages , watching international movies ... 
   spanish . 
  the same as above . 
  doing a spanish always helps :d, 
  i 'm not denying your experience , of course . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it is n't the case for my generation ; either the system has improved vastly since that time or you happened to get a very very poor implementation of it . 
  i got years of history that was mandatory and i went trough the cientifico-tecnologico branch , my classmates that studied social sciences got a far broader syllabus . 
  we definitely did study literature , both classics like la celestina and international works like 1984 ; discussing the books was a huge part of it - until the last course of bachillerato , that just crams list of authors and works by age to prepare you for selectividad , that was a fuckup .
