  [ los hombres de paco ] ( http://st-listas.20minutos.es/images/2015-06/399147/list_640px.jpg?1435689413 ) is a comedy about a regular dumb cop from the south , and his relationship with his friends and family . 
  he frequently gets in trouble for misunderstanding common problems and seeing instead big cases of terrorism , corruption , etc. 
  [ aida ] ( http://www.bolsamania.com/seriesadictos/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/14336_septima-temporada-de-aida.jpg ) is a comedy about a low class mother and her daily struggle to maintain her family . 
  the son is a teenage delinquent , her rother is a recovered heroine addict , her daughter is a dumb bimbo girl , and the show also features the people in their street , a racist bar owner and his immigrant worker and a smart cultured shop owner and his gay know it all son ( both of which are continually bullied by the whole neighborhood ) . 
  it 's far more light hearted than the description implies . 
  yeah i guess that 's probably because they want to separate from the uglyworkz crowd ( which i did n't like much either anyway ) . 
  i still think pretending to be a dealer/gangsta , bad as it is , is still way better than pretending to be a drug addict ... 
  hahaha i did n't notice you 're spanish too . 
  what do you mean by too ironic ? 
  it is . 
  i always liked hip hop growing up , suddenly i look for new groups and ... [ this guy is the new legend ? 
  wtf ? 
  ] ( http://www.fleekmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/pimp-flaco-si-o-no.jpg ) a `` classic '' rap group just [ dropped a new album laughing at the whole thing ] ( http://mp3.hhgroups.com/albumes/los-chikos-del-maiz-trap-mirror-46125_f300.jpg ) . 
  honestly , i find that all i liked in classic rap ( message , wordplay , rhyming structures ) is missing here . 
  though it might be just me growing old ... 
  do we ? 
  he says he meant the kind where water shoots up . 
  at least in madrid i only know the usual faucet kind, 
  for pretty much all pop artists and hollywood movies , you can expect basically the same reaction in europe as in the us, 
  ... are like gremlins , but with alcohol instead of water . 
  it 's funny , because being from spain ( major holiday destination ) i 'm yet to find one single scandinavian that was n't nice or caused any trouble . 
  the british on the other hand ... 
   the glorious european anthem , in glorious latin too  i 'm curious , it is different in every language ? 
  the latin version had completely different lyrics , and i 've heard a spanish one which also had nothing to do with the german . 
  this is a trick question . 
  if they are n't saying anything ( loudly ) chances are they are n't from my country . 
  nope , spain for example would n't be central , we 're western/southern europe . 
  askeurope is full of downvotes . 
  even questions sit at zero usually for no apparent reason . 
  holland : extremely common . 
  `` pa\u00edses bajos '' does n't rool of the tongue . 
  england : not common as name , but citizens of the uk are usually called english regardless . 
  us : yankees is despective , but common . 
  otherwise americanos/estadounidenses, 
  yeah , i think the `` right to honor '' right wing crowd is what fits more closely.like all that mess about censoring el jueves when they were disrespectful to the monarchy . 
  no dummie !, 
  screw the portuguese , the french have nuclear weapons . 
  we just have to battle the portuguese while france nukes morocco . 
  if we go with portugal , the iberian pen\u00ednsula will look like a fallout game . 
   some guy once said something along the lines of : `` if nothing in your the history of your country makes you angry , then you do n't know the history of your country well enough . '', 
  i think that can only be applied to things that happened in the recent past ( recent enough that part of the affected generation is still alive ) . 
  otherwise , it 's just too disconected from you to take it personally . 
  i know spain caused a massacre in the times following the `` discovery '' of america ... but to me that country is as far removed from me as medieval japan , it does n't feel as something that 's somehow mine . 
  at most i could be angry if pop culture tried to whitewash it , but not about the act itself . 
   not our best moment , for all the wanking other leftists like to do about how glorious and brave and whatever the republicans were . 
  i do n't think the left as a whole glorifies the church-burning and the stalinists , but rather the tremendous loss of intellectuals that were either killed or displaced . 
  just see how many of them praise garcia lorca and how many praise lister - i bet you the majority wo n't know who the second is . 
  i also think that , while the historical moment was atrocious in both sides , it 's a disfavour to history to say that it was equally bad - no matter how dirty the fight got ( and it did get horrible ) , one side started a coup d'etat against a democratic government with the help of hitler , the other was defending said legitimate government . 
  what 's the deal with strip clubs in america anyway ? 
  american media makes them look really popular but i do n't really get the interest in watching a woman in front of you that you 're not going to have sex with . 
  is n't it basically paying for blue balls ? 
  ah , cool . 
  i asked because i found it quite different from the one used in bron | broen ( that i guess is from malm\u00f6 ) ? 
  nothing like that , that i know of . 
  in spain it would be extremely hard to market something as patriotic and/or incorporating military culture , both are n't seen with good eyes for obvious historical reasons . 
  the closest think i can think of are the boy/girl scouts . 
  a mother tongue with no distinction between long and short vowel sounds fucks you up when you try to learn new languages . 
  i still have trouble pronouncing , say , shit and sheet differently ( much to the amusement of native speakers ) . 
  since we 're at it , do you happen to know what 's the accent of the characters in [ \u00e4kta m\u00e4nniskor ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ipsulmwlbme?t=8m24s ) ( the humans obviously ) . 
  i found it surprisingly understandable , considering that i barely know any swedish . 
  honestly , i ca n't tell if you 're serious or not . 
  first name , no title - sometimes nickname . 
  in high school and lower it 's usual for students to say `` profe '' ( short for profesor/profesora ) , but not as a title - more as a informal nickname . 
  in university , just the name too . 
  some old farts in university ask to be treated as usted ( formal 2nd person , similar to using sir in english ) but it 's quite rare and when it happens they also give the same treatment to students . 
  i 've only seen that twice and in one case the guy had a military career which might explain it . 
  or the uss maine , or the gulf of tonkin , or 9/11 ... * casus belli * . way to common a trend in us history . 
   you can argue that he only `` won '' bc of the fbi throwing the election . 
  lol . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's the guy your country chose . 
  as far as we know he represents the us . 
  if you do n't like it it 's your job to take him down . 
  in spain it is n't popular at all ( you can find it in some supermarkets but people rarely buy it ) . 
  i tried it when i was looking for ways to gain weight for the gym , amazon carries very good prices and it 's ok . by itself i ca n't eat it ( it makes me feel food after one byte ) but with jelly it 's quite ok . 
   i do n't know how it 's seen in other countries , but where i live the romans are seen as our invaders that eventually left . . and then the moors came for a few hundred years . . but they left too , we are celts !, 
  uuh what ? 
  nope , not here at least . 
  public perception is that we are a mixture of romans and visigoths converted to cristhianism with some moor blood sprinkled over . 
  france : a french friend showed me what a raclette is . 
  ever since then , i love them . 
  portugal : they 're cool , but do n't tell them . 
  morocco : honestly , we do n't have much contact . 
  for most of spain , it 's just the place where our drugs come from . 
  my view about him is complex . 
  i think he was a freedom fighter and as such freed the people of cuba from a dictatorship heavily backed by american interests ; however , once that was done , the constant threat and pressure of the us made him unable to loosen the grip in risk of letting the country back to us hands , until he became a dictator himself . 
  on the one hand , i do n't condone the crimes he committed ; on the other hand , being realistic , i ca n't imagine how could he have lead the country into a democracy without it being immediately infiltrated and corrupted by the us . 
  one ca n't argue that he was paranoid , as there have been millions of publicly recognized attempts to take him and his government down from day one ; it is n't possible either to deny the achievements in education and health , compared with the rest of latin america ; but in order to keep his `` revolution '' going human rights were stepped on , and that is n't forgettable . 
  above all , i think he was a very interesting man : he was very intelligent , lead a country for decades and remained lucid until his death , so i would recommend everyone to check his interviews and discourses regardless of ideology . 
  in madrid , it is illegal to sing or play instruments in the street for tips unless you pass an exam the region 's government . 
  as of this year you have to send your cv , in the past there 's been auditions/castings ... so basically , unemployment 's so bad you have to be qualified to be a beggar . 
  that table was previously used to support a giant tv display , with the screen pointing to the ceiling . 
  we added a touch input system to the display and it could be used as some kind of smart board . 
  those play-doh cans were glued to the table as a makeshift support to leave some space between table and tv ( for ventilation or something like that , i do n't know remember the exact purpose ) . 
  the company worked in vr and immersive technologies with ridiculously low budgets , so pretty much everything under the hood was mcgyvered using whatever we had lying around . 
  - [ this kind of work safety ] ( http://imgur.com/kwazt6p ) . 
  - leaving your workplace for some minutes for whatever reason and coming back to [ some shit like this ] ( http://imgur.com/ionv2y1 ) . 
  every time . 
  - having someone jump out of a corner in the street to mug you , realising that he 's the gypsy kid that was your classmate at school and being invited to a drink . 
  - switching jobs , and having the new company ask me to first leave my old job and sign up for unemployment services - so they could benefit from government grants for hiring an unemployed person .
