  most are quite common english names , but it can get extremely weird - i 've heard of usnavi ( from us navy ) . 
  - in spain , most people have a name and two surnames ( from the father and mother , respectively ) . 
  there are no middle names . 
  however , among latin americans it is really common to have several first names - or one made of several words , however you want to consider it . 
  if you see something like `` leopoldo joaquin '' or `` israel fernando '' ( that 's just the first name ) , chances are that it 's a latin american person . 
  there are a few exceptions though , jose + something for men and maria + something for women are relatively common in spain . 
  - there are also names that just are n't common in spain . 
  linda , raula or gabriela for example sound latin american . 
  i ca n't tell you why , it 's like how some names remind you of old people or small towns . 
  keep in mind a subtle distinction : those giveaways are for * latin american immigrants in spain * , not necessarily among latin americans in general . 
  it could be for example that it 's a trend among the lower class which also happens to be those who are more likely to emigrate to spain . 
  a venezuelan friend once showed me a twitter joke from his country that went something like `` if a guy named yonaider bumps into a guy named johalvert , who 's supposed to rob who ? 
  well , thanks to you for the gold !, 
  i 'm glad you found it interesting , 
  in my country being in the military is not considered honorable ( in the thank-you-for-your-service american style ) nor it is really frowned upon . 
  the military itself as an entity is considered really conservative and religious - some branches participate in certain religious festivities and their hymns have catholic references . 
  as for the soldiers themselves , the stereotype is that of a low cultured person that does n't do well in school and enters the army to have a job . 
  during the afghanistan - irak years , there was a running joke that every time there was a death in the news it was someone with a latin american sounding name . 
   and your kids are not your employee , so you ca n't fire them . 
  you ca n't fire your parents either . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  your kids ca n't be fired ; eventually as adults they will . 
  what 's the advantage of shielding them from consequences for an arbitrary period of time and then having them be hit by responsibility unprepared the day they turn 18 ( or whatever age it is ) ? 
   if you hurt your classmates or steal from your friend as a kid , you will get help . 
  because you need help . 
  you do n't need punishment . 
  are you implying that whoever does n't act the way you consider morally correct is necessarily mentally ill or suffering ? 
  because that is quite an assumption , and implies that there is an objective moral good . 
  if there are positive consequences for an action , and no negative consequences , then that action is by definition a reasonable choice . 
  being selfish is n't a mental illness nor implies need for help . 
   but sure , if you take away their allowance and they continue to do whatever they did before , what do you do then ? 
  remove their bed , door to their room all their clothes except one pair ? 
  as opposed to what ? 
  not doing anything and consenting the behavior ? 
   punishment is not a direct consequence of your actions , it an add on that is fairly arbitrary . 
  the true consequences of your actions will not be present for you when you are underage . 
  as a kid , you wo n't be left homeless or suffer hunger if you decide to not work/study at all , since your parents are forced to keep you healthy ; you wo n't be fired from your job for misbehavior since you have to be schooled and your teachers have to care for you regardless of your actions ; you can physically hurt your friends , classmates and siblings , or steal from them without any legal repercussions , and so on . 
  all those limits and responsibilities will be there when you become an adult , and rather than have zero limits and then suddenly face them when you reach an arbitrary age , i think it is better to be gradually introduced to the concept . 
   spain outlawed corporal punishment 2007 , what do you suggest as punishment for children disobeying ? 
  not physical punishment , that 's for sure ; i do n't condone that practice . 
  as for what would be valid it depends of their actions . 
  for example , if they consciously do something that cause economic damage you could take away the cost - or part of it - from their allowance to pay for it , if they have one , so they understand the economic damage they caused . 
  or if they go out with a scheduled time to be home for safety reasons and they disobey the rule , you can keep them from going out for some time , so they understand that if they do n't prove they can be trusted to go out responsibly they wo n't have the freedom to go out . 
  things like that . 
   i 've heard it quite often in catalan and spanish i think we have it in our language thanks to movies being dubbed . 
  people who learn spanish as a second language usually find funny that the word for wife is also used for handcuffs ( esposas ) . 
  edit : also , when someone is cute you say he 's `` mono '' . 
  `` mono '' is also spanish for monkey . 
   the goal is n't to get the child to do what you want it to , but to teach it how to be a human , and set it up for adulthood i understand that , but i ca n't help but think that by not imposing any punishment you are depriving the kid/teenager of a safe way to experiment first hand that their actions have consequences . 
  no specific source , just something i 've noticed brewing while following the news . 
  if you want to follow the trend , here 's my line of reasoning : - for roughly the past year , obama has been using pretty much every speech and interview to point that `` people used to be able to check the news and have different opinions depending on their ideology , but now every person are coming from a different set of facts and as a result you ca n't have any kind of agreement because each person is talking about a different world '' . 
  you can check any interview with him and you 'll see it , he 's quite insistent , so i think he either wants to create public discussion about it or is concerned it 's going to be a major issue . 
  - the lowering quality of news for profit has been a trend in the us ( fox news , cnn ) and clickbait is now a universal plague in media . 
  most people has either kept using their news of choice , accepting said radicalization , or started using questionable sites as a substitute , [ as parodied by this onion article ] ( http://www.theonion.com/article/longtime-reader-lib-slavesinfo-sick-mainstream-bia-54745 ) . 
  this used to be an american issue but we 're seeing it more and more in europe , with uk 's the guardian and spain 's el pais for example having taken a sharp decline in quality . 
  traditional press is dying , and it 's leaving a wide open gap to be filled by `` alternative media '' . 
  - during and after the chaos that followed donald trump 's election , there were several attempts to blame viral news as the cause . 
  [ the story of a little macedonian town having fabricated news for profit ] ( https://www.buzzfeed.com/craigsilverman/how-macedonia-became-a-global-hub-for-pro-trump-misinfo?utm_term=.ot764vg9mr#.ido4dvmpzw ) was specially popular , and we 're now seeing increasing fear that the same will happen in the coming elections in france and germany . 
  it does n't really matter if fake news actually made a difference , they are being considered a threat regardless . 
  - russia is continually blamed for having affected the us election - apparently there is abundant proof of it - and now they are apparently [ going to try the same ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/global-opinions/wp/2016/12/12/russias-next-election-operation-germany/?utm_term=.3380dbc1832d ) move [ in europe ] ( http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2016/02/07/russia-having-success-in-hybrid-war-against-germany/ ) . 
  with incoming elections in france and germany , it is certainly going to be a hot topic . 
  - as a result of the former point , [ some politicians are moving already to create legislation that could stop the information war . ] ( http://thenextweb.com/facebook/2016/12/17/germany-fine-facebook-e500000-fake-news-post/ ) . 
  sadly this new info war is being fought on the web , and our politicians have so far been notoriously bad at legislating over new technology due to a lack of understanding of tech . 
  i do n't expect new measures to be any less controversial and poorly thought . 
  - it is easy to see how hard it would be to try to legislate sharing `` facts '' , because whoever entity gets to decide what a fact is , or what is defined as true and what is n't , will become a potential censorship machine - the `` ministry of truth '' that is common in dystopian novels . 
  if you add that whoever tries to sell the idea will have against him an international media machine , it becomes political suicide . 
  - there 's also a bigger problem : it is entirely possible to have manipulated media composed entirely of objectively true facts . 
  just to make an absurd thought experiment : autoerotic asphixiation kills about 600 hundred people annually - it 's just a weird statistic , caused by how large earth 's population is . 
  yet it is enough for a newspaper to open every single day with one or two news pieces about a new death caused by weird masturbation practices . 
  keep pushing that idea enough , and people will consider it a real issue . 
  the choice of what news are important ( rape , corruption , immigrants/refugees , discrimination , unemployment , whatever it is ) is already a subjective choice , no matter how much valid data is . 
  so what do you do if a child disobeys anything you say and refuses to listen ? 
  i mean , i 'm all for positive reinforcement , but even in an adult environments there are forceful consecuences for your actions ( being fired , prison , etc. 
   i 've found the sub to be mostly left wing , inclusive and reasonable so far during the short time i 've been here . 
  if you compare it to other media such as newswebsites , facebook or youtube comments this is pretty much left wing heaven . 
  it is regarding everything except refugees/muslims/immigrants . 
  every post regarding that is upvoted to the top and full with answers like `` oh what a well integrated member of society '' . 
   for example you are not allowed to open mail addressed to your child , or ground them to their room/hinder their right to freedom . 
  what kind of punishment is ok then , if grounding them to their room is seen as too much ? 
  to be fair , if you ignore the implications about your society , tarot tv makes for an awesome pastime when accompanied with drink games . 
  the other week we put the tv on and there was an old woman calling because her granddaughter was dating a south american guy and wanted to know the future of the relationship ; after about 5 minutes of not giving credit , we decided to drink every time the tarotist implied that the granddaughter was a whore and/or made a racist remark . 
  10/10 best time ever . 
   also i do n't know if felipe is that well considered anymore , he has changed a lot and sometimes he seems as right wing as the pp . 
  current day felipe is less valued , but always in the narrative of `` he 's not who he used to be '' . 
  old timey felipe is still pretty much untouchable , as pretty much most of the transition . 
  `` pure '' flamenco artists ( like paco de lucia ) are considered higher culture . 
  it 's like going a classical music concert or to the opera ; people do n't consider it bad , yet most people do n't go - they either consider it to require knowledge to appreciate or just find it boring even if they are aware of its quality objectively speaking . 
  and then , the more popular kind of flamenco and pop-flamenco fusion are paradoxically considered really trashy , mainly due to the deep connection of this music with gypsy culture . 
  it evokes pictures of bad neighborhoods , drugs , prison ... 
  in spain there are a lot of taboos surrounding people 's beliefs , as in religion , superstitions , pseudoscience , etc. 
  there are a lot of businesses regarding spiritual healing , homeopathy , traditional medicine , horoscopes , shit like that . 
  lots of ideas about how there are `` energies '' at work and not everything can be explained by reason . 
  you 'll usually be considered a know it all asshole and close minded if you tell people they 're being ripped off , no matter how tactfully you do it . 
  i think it is a consequence of our past dictatorship , people are overly sensitive about repression of ideas so everything goes . 
  there is also too much respect for certain political figures . 
  one of the big examples is felipe gonzalez : leader of the center left and president of the country from 1982 to 1996 , his government was involved in funding a paramilitary group that targeted eta using assassination , torture , etc. 
  the government knew about it and it was heavily speculated that the president itself was behind it . 
  he lost power but remained an ideological figure of the left wing . 
  last year , during a heated political debate the leader of podemos dared to say something about that past government having his hands soaked in blood and the comment caused a huuuge shitshow , causing them to lose tons of votes . 
   never ask someone how much money they make .
