  evil or incompetent ? 
  it is a harder problem than it looks like , from side . 
  most people have the idea that , being the `` weak side '' of the deal , we have no way of turning the government of europe as a whole , and as a result , voting against austerity means voting against the eu . 
  for the young , losing their status as european citizens would be a death blow because they only see a future emigrating , so no one is willing to risk that . 
  the two main parties will do whatever is needed to please the union , we even had a case where a change in our * constitution * was passed quickly and quietly by the two traditional parties in a week as soon as the eu asked for it - when the constitution has n't been changed otherwise since its creation and any other questions about reform get shut down . 
  in contrast , the rest of the parties have against them the rhetoric of `` they are going to take us out of europe '' ( even when it 's blatantly false ) , `` the markets will react against these people because they are not traditional '' and `` this is the same as brexit/trump/etc . '', 
  fear runs rampant amongst the old ; rajoy 's first election was won showing basically no program at all , running the wave of `` i 'm the right , i 'm stable , it is either me or chaos '' . 
  these people are not going to become interested into european politics because they have no idea about what happens beyond the borders , their generation does n't speak english and as a result , for them talking about merkel or hollande might as well be talking about the weather - external unknown forces that may blow one way or the other at any given time . 
  the young think differently of course , but their votes are not enough - most of the educated and talented young are n't into political activism because they took a plane long ago , probably to never look back - and to top it off , spain 's electoral system favors immensely rural areas and a small amount of parties - which explains why the main cities have new parties in their local government yet the right keeps winning in general elections . 
  the majority of spain did n't vote conservative , btw - the right is right now governing with congress against it and congress is passing laws against the ruling party , which is why you saw for example the rise of minimum wage last week . 
  i respect merkel a lot , she seems like a level headed woman , but her push for austerity is really harming the south . 
  even the us , which we often criticize for their shift to the right , knew how to apply stimulation packages for the economy to take the bullet and recover the losses when the economy was better . 
  the cuts that we 've had to do here in spain for example may have helped with our growth rate and debt , but at the cost of tremendous losses that we 'll take decades to solve . 
  just the amount of potential lost to brain drain is impossible to overstate , i grew up among people who became scientists , engineers and programmers and i 'm literally the only one that 's still here . 
  do you remember the name ? 
  i 've never heard of it . 
  for what is worth , this one 's your doing - i think he 's danish . 
  and he probably does n't have any idea about francoism . 
   how ironic ... fascist or not , those people were patriotic . 
  that 's what should matter even if those dictators failed or made terrible decisions . 
  they thought of spain first , and we need that these days . 
  wtf ? 
  i do n't give a flying fuck how much a person loves their own country . 
  i 'll gladly take all streets named over worthy foreigners over any of those bastards . 
  let 's take for example jose millan-astray , one of the names being erased , and famous for his quote `` long live death , death to intelligence '' ( great role model , that guy ) . 
  let me remind you the branch of patriotism he practiced :  `` catalonia and vascongadas are like cancers in the body of our nation . 
  fascism , which is spain 's healer , will know how to exterminate them , cutting live skin , as a confident surgeon free of false sentimentalism . 
   spain is n't a member either ( although i think it has been invited almost every time ) i 'm a spaniard and did n't know it . 
  what 's the reason for us to reject the invitation ? 
  honestly , brexit has made me realize that i thought of the uk as london and oxford/cambridge , when there is obviously a more rural and / or working class side of the country that is usually forgotten . 
  same as in america with trump . 
  for me the scary part is that when i think about working class and rebellious people i think of marxists , anarchists ... people that might be wrong or not , but that are cultured and take their political activism from an intellectual perspective . 
  2016 however has been the year of antintellectualism . 
  and to be clear , i 'm not saying there are 0 intellectual reasons to support brexit ( or trump ) . 
  but i am completely sure that the intellectual reasons were n't shaping the debate in any relevant way . 
  it was all guts and emotion ; facts mattered very little . 
  i 've seen that one mentioned on reddit , but i ca n't find it anywhere !, 
  do you happen to know where i could get it ( with english subs ) ? 
  no one 's gon na invade or absorb you , we already do badly enough in eurovision to stop getting your points . 
  how is the death of a prominent chess figure anti-russian ? 
  i 've never heard the stereotype of russians associated with low intelligence , relax . 
   is it normal for your currency to just materialize out of nowhere ? 
  their welfare system is just * that * good . 
  i already saw deutschland 83 , i 'll check the other !, 
  [ here 's the way they covered that ] ( http://www.prosperity.com/application/files/1914/7819/5146/legatum_prosperity_index_methodology_report.pdf ) . 
  around page 39 , be warned that it 's super annoying to read because it 's in landscape format . 
   so so lazy/cheap about food . . it 's weird . 
  that plus the excessive alcohol intake  outdoors culture i 'm sold , going to denmark !, 
  21st ... not that good . 
  but as a spaniard , i 'm happy as long as the natural order is maintained : suck it , portugal !, 
  if i had that much talent i would n't have to wank ever again . 
  i 've been into scandinavian shows recently . 
  binge watch run of borgen , then bron/broen and forbrydelsen . 
  any suggestions for the next ones ? 
  not necessarily scandinavian , but quality european shows ( not british either ) . 
   the only case in which your voice is n't heard is if you are in a hopeless minority in your state . 
  in that case maybe your voice should n't in fact be heard . 
  that 's profoundly anti democratic . 
  why should a swedish conservative be less worthy of being heard than an italian one ? 
  every voice should be heard , that 's the whole point . 
  besides , there 's a powerful argument to be made that such a system would lead to high polarization of political views . 
  a pro gender equality candidate for example would have no incentive to campaign in places where women suffer the most from conservative values , since those places would be seen as a hopeless states . 
  so his/her views wo n't be heard there and the ideological division between states would just keep increasing . 
  the states are a testament to that . 
  there 's a difference to be made there . 
  it is one thing that different regions should have their own representation , but it is another that the system favors only taking to account swing states . 
  if europe worked by the same system as the states , sweden would probably be completely neglected , as it would be considered a consistently progressive vote ( by the european average ) . 
  gender quotas are a point of discussion even among feminist groups , i do n't think it 's fair to dismiss the debate as a `` reddit thing '' . 
  personally i 'm undecided . 
   ro\u0146u i wiped my phone for like 10 seconds before realizing that 's not a regular n. fucking mondays . 
  honestly , this might be a minority view but i feel european before a spaniard . 
  i would have 0 trouble with a closer union in what refers to national feelings and so on . 
  i also think that in an increasingly global world , a strong state is a need if we want democracy to be able to keep its sovereignty over private interests ; i do n't think small states can resist the influence of multinational companies that sometimes have earnings equivalent to the gdp of a top 30 country . 
  my main concern is that i believe that democratic systems tend to work only in a small scale - political discourse becomes more devoid of content the larger the audience is , and feelings of disconnect between the people and its representatives are bound to happen . 
  frankly , i would be scared of a political system like the one in america . 
   spain is know for there degeneracy i 'm not even going to adress that . 
   btw a guy just posted above that 600 million islamist belive in the killing of gay people etc and since you are acting apologetic to there beliefs . 
  then i guess you dont like gay people : s how many christians were against gay people just 50 years ago ? 
  has it occurred to you that literacy , access to education , etc. 
  might influence your social values far more than your religion ? 
  or is it just one of the abrahamic religions that , for some magical reasons , is incompatible with a society developed in the other 2 ? 
   but like i sayd its incompatible with the west that is why we are having these problems ... 
  i literally just gave you a counter example . 
   not many generations ago , people thought the same way as you do now about divorce , abortion , gay marriage and much else , with the bible in place of international treaties . 
  i do n't think i 'm following you . 
  are you equating accepting discrimination and ignoring freedom of thought/religion with , say , acceptance of homosexuality and women rights ? 
   islam is and will always be incompatible with the west it dosent matter if you dont see it like that . 
  people that live with and close to it will always vote against it because they know what it is and how it is . 
  my country lives close to it . 
  2 million muslims live in spain . 
  - massive majority of them ( above 90 % ) prefer the state to be secular , define violence as a way of defending religion as `` absolutely inacceptable '' , refuse the idea of one religion being inherently superior to another . 
  - 83 % consider themselves to be adapted to ( first generation immigrants ) . 
  50 % feel adapted after 1 year . 
  - less than 10 % have relations exclusively with people form their own religion . 
  so tell me , what is happening here ? 
  is spain not in the west ? 
   by the way , i do n't think this statistics have any relevance to the discourse on immigration . 
  i would oppose mass immigration from scandinavia , too . 
  the principle here is the right to preserve the historical ethnic and cultural homogeneity of your country and self sovereignty , and i support it for all people , including those we have unjustly invaded in 2003 and 2011 causing millions of casualties and instilling resentment towards the west in many more . 
  that 's as valid a view as any other , of course .
