  i think there 's been a shift in opinion about eastern europe in spain in these past years . 
  eastern europe used to be mostly ignored except for `` being the place where some immigrants came from '' . 
  there was a generally good view of eastern europeans ( save for the roma ) , which were considered hard workers and people that adapt well , but if you asked a random person in the street whether [ random eastern european country ] is in the eu or something about it , you would get mostly blank stares . 
  nowadays however , there 's been a rise in tourism towards the east , both from erasmus students and because the lowering of purchasing power due to our economy made eastern europe an attractive tourist destination - pretty much any place in europe implies higher prices than at home for spaniards . 
  and practically all people that go there return with a very improved opinion of eastern europe , recommending the trip and wanting to go back . 
  there are still some important points of clash though ; spaniards tend to strongly dislike the east 's lack of lgtb acceptance and similar comparatively conservative ideology . 
  it 's amazing how technology is making opening signs fall out of fashion . 
  i find it weird when i see them , since it 's only seen in books or written press , and the latter tend to not feature a lot of questions . 
  i do n't know anyone that uses opening marks for texting or social networks , and even in emails it 's becoming more and more rare . 
  on a related note , you guys are weird for using those quote marks that start at the bottom . 
  usually kitchens are near a large window or balcony , which is where you 'd usually hang your clothes to dry ... it would be very weird to hang them from the bathroom , since they usually have small windows if any . 
  i 'd imagine that it 's different in countries where it 's too cold or humid to hang clothes outside , where you 'd either hang them over the bathtub or use a dryer , but here it is really common due to the amount of sunlight . 
   well that 's it , but maybe it 's stronger/worse in andalusia where i was , or maybe people just liked to exaggerate this custom for the foreigner . 
  keep in mind that andalucia is basically spain 's spain ... so spain squared haha, 
  what about la meglio giuventu ? 
  people have recommended it dozens of time to me yet i ca n't find a good copy ... 
  in spanish it 's suecia , which is annoying because switzerland is suiza . 
  most kids mix both countries as a result . 
  austria rolls off the tongue far easier than `` easter kingdom '' though . 
  in spain we call you `` paises bajos '' ( literally `` low countries '' ) . 
  i 'm not gon na lie though , most people just go for holanda . 
  finlandia sounds really cool in spanish , since `` fin '' is spanish for `` end '' . 
  that plus the weather gives us a mental picture of `` going north till the end of the world '' . 
  i absolutely trust them for protection and dealing with crime . 
  however , there have been cases where local police becomes way too `` trigger happy '' enforcing rules that result in fines ( speeding , public alcohol consumption , etc ) due to pressures to collect more money . 
  riot police is also an exception , they can abuse their power and/or use non-lethal weapons in illegal ways that make them more harmful than they should ( usual example being shooting rubber ball guns in close range , when they 're supposed to be pointed to the floor so the balls bounce towards the mob ) . 
  ah , my bad , i read it a different way . 
   at home , the usage , being higher than spanish , is shown at 20,8 % ( 21,8 % in 1991 ) . 
  i do n't understand that part . 
  if euskera accounts for ~ 21 % and spanish is less than that , what 's the other ~ 60 ? 
  yeah , most of the time you see it here is among latin american immigrants as well . 
  murcia is lately becoming the butt of all jokes , as a backwards and shitty place . 
  el mundo today , which is our version of the onion , frequently features articles such as : - [ horror and unease in murcia due to the first sight of a red-haired girl - local police try to chase away the `` fire woman '' using sticks . ] ( http://www . ), 
  - [ murcia 's mobile world concress announces fire ] ( http://www.elmundotoday.com/2017/03/el-mobile-world-congress-de-murcia-presenta-el-fuego/ ) - [ murcian parents find out that his son has been sponsored by a norwegian family ] ( http://www.elmundotoday.com/2016/12/unos-padres-de-murcia-descubren-que-su-hijo-esta-apadrinado-por-una-familia-noruega/ ) - [ uber moves out of murcia because their donkey refuses to carry people ] ( http://www.elmundotoday.com/2017/01/uber-abandona-murcia-porque-el-mulo-se-niega-a-llevar-a-nadie/ ) - [ spain tries to transfer murcia to the uk pretending it 's gibraltar ] ( http://www.elmundotoday.com/2017/04/espana-intenta-ceder-murcia-a-reino-unido-haciendola-pasar-por-gibraltar/ ), 
  english names are trashy , but there 's something way worse : english names written in spanish spelling/pronunciation . 
  in one of the schools where i studied , there was a south american girl called leidiyoana ( from lady johanna ) . 
  you ca n't go much lower than that . 
  another big no no are names that are clear references to famous people - cristiano after the football player , for example . 
  also , not exactly a name in itself , but if someone is referred to as name ( or diminutive ) with an article , you can be sure it 's trashy . 
  - `` maria '' or `` roberto '' -  fine - `` la mari '' or `` el rober '' --  brace yourself composition of long names points to a latin american background , meaning the person or their parents are very likely an immigrant . 
  things like `` israel alexander '' or `` roberto alejandro '' . 
  native spaniards usually have a single word name , with some specific exceptions ( `` jose + something '' or `` maria + something '' are usual ) . 
  single long unusual names `` cipriano , hermenegildo '' point very clearly to a rural background - not necessarily trashy though . 
  as far as i know , everything national level is located in madrid . 
  it makes sense after all , since the city 's reason to exist is to be the capital - its in the geographical center of the country and all major roads/highways start there . 
  however , some areas of government are heavily decentralized ( education , public health , etc. ), 
  so it is n't a big deal . 
  for what 's worth , my friends living in berlin pay the same i pay in madrid , which makes the rent really cheap in comparison ( since the average salary is way higher there ) . 
  it is however extremely hard for them to find a room/apartment to rent , but once they get it , it is n't crazy expensive . 
  that 's a good point although for some reason , it is not common to think about charles ' v kingdom as * our territory * . 
  it is thought of more as if we just happened to share a king for some time with the holy roman empire . 
  at the time of his crowning he did n't even speak castillian , trusted more his advisors from the netherlands than natives , and he is thought to have used his titles over spain just to be able to bribe his way into his position of emperor of the holy roman empire , which was his actual focus . 
  france has 67 million people , of which 64 live in europe . 
  for comparison , just mexico alone has twice the population of spain . 
  european spaniards would be a very clear minority if we got back practically everything south of the us ( minus brazil ) . 
  that 's a tough one . 
  i certainly would n't mind having for example cuba as part of spain - we 're really similar culturally - but i it is hard to imagine the system working when there 's an ocean in between . 
  the whole empire would be overkill though - with as much american territories our connection to europe would have been diminished , which i would n't like . 
  i know , it 's all the time the same conversation ... - where are you from ? 
  - madrid - yeah no but where are you from ? 
  - ... madrid - ( sigh ) i mean your parents , where ? 
  - madrid , i told you !, 
   i 've lived in madrid 25 years of my life , and i have only heard of one person who said her parents ( and a grandma ) were both from the city . 
  i 'm a third generation madrillian , and it 's a shitty childhood . 
  every single summer all my friends went to their town and i staid to fry under august 's sun :(, 
  the spanish newspaper el pais uses a weird style guide where they try to make some words happen ( either because they 're accepted by the royal spanish academy or because they think it 's best ) , and it always makes your eyes bleed . 
  for example , they try to make `` ucranio '' happen for ucranian ( the usual word is `` ucraniano '' , so it would be like using `` ucran '' in english instead ) . 
  the worst offender is `` gai/gais '' for gay people , which does n't make any sense because it is pronounced like the english `` guy '' , when every single spaniard under 60 years old pronounces `` gay '' the same way as english speakers ; even if they wanted to adapt it to spanish fonetics it would have to be guei - which looks just as horrible anyway . 
  another example that comes to mind is that the royal spanish academy accepted `` amigovio '' ( combination of amigo + novio , friend + boyfriend ) , when people never use that , they use follamigo instead ( fuck + friend , the equivalent of fuck buddy ) . 
  i was surprised by vigo because i found it quite pleasant , yet all locals kept telling me how ugly it is ... 
  i think there 's some inferiority complex going on there ( walking uphill constantly is annoying though ) . 
  not legal to fire someone based on their beliefs , afaik , as it would constitute discrimination . 
  i 've had far left coworkers . 
  not stalin supporters , but ideological communists/anarchists and so on . 
  no big deal , just some banter from time to time and they were the ones people asked for help when they had any sort of conflict with the company since they made sure to know their rights quite well ( contracts , agreements with unions , laboral law , etc ) . 
  fascists , racial supremacists , etc. 
  would probably be different . 
  not because of their opinions themselves , but it would probably end up causing conflicts - if a person for example refuses to work with a coworker or is dismissive/aggressive to him because he 's black , he 'll be out of a job in seconds . 
  that 's a good point . 
  throwing money at a problem wo n't solve it unless you have a way to guarantee that the money is reaching the right places . 
  and if you need to be strictly monitoring the process , at that poin you might as well do it yourself . 
   i do n't see a similar incentive in africa , except maybe a future power struggle with china , who are becoming increasingly active ithere as well . 
  i think the political component would be `` if africa is not fucked up , they do n't try to emigrate to europe '' . 
  - kissing on cheeks : every time when women are involved ( that 's to say , male-female or female-female encounters ) . 
  i 'd say it 's more common between strangers than between friends , since it 's part of the ritual of introducing people ( here 's john , here 's mary [ they kiss ] ) . 
  between friends it can sometimes be dropped . 
  * sometimes * switched for handshakes in business contexts , but even there it is common . 
  - kissing cheeks is also common ( although a little less so ) for children and between males in the family . 
  - hugging : absolutely common between friends ( both genders ) , never strangers . 
  a hug is a purely personal/emotional gesture , never done out of politeness . 
  keep in mind that you 're not just talking to europeans , you 're talking to european * redditors * . 
  while it is true that talking with random people is n't common here , the idea might not be perceived as negatively by all europeans . 
  every time i go to a small city or town i end up talking with old people in bus stops or queues that start telling you their life story ( although , to be fair , spaniards are more open than northern europeans ) . 
  in large cities it ends up being rude simply because you cross your paths with thousand of people every day . 
   do europeans not make friends acquaintances that way ? 
  sometimes , but only in specific events . 
  it would be fine in a concert , or in a football stadium , or in a night club - perhaps even in the gym or in a specialized shop like a niche bookstore . 
  places where a common hobby and/or will to socialize are implied , so it makes sense that you would talk to people that share your interests . 
  in the street or a bus stop , however , it does n't make sense to us - the line of thought would be * you do n't know anything about me to suggest we 've got things in common , so what leads you to believe we should establish a connection ? 
  in madrid at least there is a police office in the airport for emergency renovation of id/passport ( for locals ) .
