  where are you from ? 
  you do n't have a visible flag . 
  honestly , no . 
  i have nothing against any of those countries , but i think full freedom of movement does n't work well unless it comes with stronger unity in other aspects - worker rights , taxes , border control , etc. 
  that 's why i think the eu should move towards a closer union , and since those countries would n't be able to follow suit ( because it implies giving away sovereignity to some degree ) , i do n't think they should join . 
  most : social issues ( homosexuality , rate of donations , positive view of sexuality , acceptance of inmigration ) and the fact that , despite the bad economy , our society as a whole completely ignored the world resurge of right wing populism . 
  least : general corruption , outdated and innefective teaching methodologies , lack of investment in r & d , work culture based on serfdom and posturing rather than productivity and equality . 
  not exactly believing in a conspiracy , but i 'm suspicious about the repeating `` casus belli '' pattern in all american wars . 
  1898 : they want to go to war with spain . 
  conveniently , the uss maine is sunk and they can go to war . 
  1941 : they want to go to war with the axis . 
  conveniently , the japanese attack pearl harbour and they can go to war . 
  1964 : they want to go to war in vietnam . 
  conveniently , the gulf of tonkin incident happens and they can go to war . 
  2001 : they want to go to war in afghanistan . 
  conveniently , 9/11 happens and they can go to war . 
  2003 : they want to go to war in irak . 
  conveniently , some evidence of sadam developing weapons of mass destruction surfaces and they can go to war . 
  i do n't know if there 's some false flag element , if the us is just easy to provoke or what , but the pattern is there and i 've always wondered about it . 
  american citizens are in general more disconnected from the government than we are . 
  for us it 's more `` we , the people , collectively agree to use money to do x '' ; we might agree or not in how the money is finally spent but we sort of consider it our own decision . 
  it 's kinda like splitting the bills when you 're living in a shared flat - even if you do n't really have a choice ( your flatmates wo n't accept you deciding you do n't pay for heating because you 'll still benefit from it ) , you still think of it as your choice because it 's reasonable . 
  for americans it 's more `` they ( the government , the man ) are taking our money to do what they want '' , so from that perspective it ends up looking like theft - no matter how good whatever you do with the money is , the money 's still been stolen . 
  i 've always found it weird that the american mentality idealizes the `` we the people '' from the constitution but do n't extend that implication to their current day government . 
   no one is ok with having to say goodbye to 30-50 % of their income , friend . 
  i 'd be happy to pay scandinavian level taxes if it got me scandinavian level government services . 
  two years ago some friends from the netherlands came to spain to visit in new years eve . 
  they stayed at an hotel for young people and the owner organized a new years party / pub crawl for tourists , so we joined . 
  it was me , 2 spanish friends , the guys from the netherlands and a couple from south africa in our table , and they were all blonde and blue eyed . 
  one of my friends from the netherlands was looking all the time at the south africans , and you could see the gears turning in his brain . 
  after a couple of drinks he goes `` soooooooo ... 
  i kind of have a racist question '' . 
  the guy from south africa just smiles without raising their eyes from the glass and goes `` we 're white and african because your country brought us there '' . 
  the `` oh . . '' voice from my friend was funny as fuck . 
   and what do you think will happen to bullfighting in the future ? 
  will it be banned ? 
  hopefully ... 
  it 's already kind of banned in the region of catalunya , but sadly it had more to do with being a political issue than an animal rights one ( something like `` this is a symbol of spanish culture and we do n't consider ourselves spaniards '' ) , so the prohibition did n't extend further away . 
  i 'm 25 . 
  wall of text incoming , as a lot came to mind : - our concept of intelligence/culture is quite different . 
  my parents ' generation would consider it a symptom of the decay of education that we do n't know by heart the geographical places where the 20 most important rivers of the country begin and end . 
  in general , what they think of as culture we consider as mostly unimportant trivia , and we place far more importance on critical thinking and logic - something on which my country usually scores quite low . 
  - my parents ' generation , which grew up just as the country freed itself of fascism , it 's generally tolerant to everything by default . 
  that sounds great , and it actually is for lots of issues ( like social acceptance of homosexuality ) . 
  but it has the downside of an `` every opinion is valid '' mentality . 
  pretty much every adult has at some point tried all kinds of natural healing bullshit , reiki ( being cured by someone placing your hands on you and transmitting `` energy '' ) , fortune tellers , believe in paranormal events ... 
  the general idea is that science is ok , but that `` many things ca n't be explained by it '' . 
  there 's also an stigma for anything that has `` chemicals '' in it , in favor of what 's `` natural '' . 
  i , however , refuse to buy anything in drug stores that advertise homeopathy for example - which is almost all of them . 
  - religion is another issue . 
  most people in spain claimed to be non-practicant catholics and went through the motions , no matter how little they cared about religion . 
  in the past being openly an atheist was kind of a political statement . 
  now , i am an atheist in the same way i 'm left handed - meaning that it 's not something that defines my personality or i care about . 
  i do n't think about it , it does n't come up , it 's not an uphill battle for me , no one gives a fuck . 
  and i think that 's kinda new . 
  same for homosexuals , in my parent 's generation being openly gay implied almost forcibly fitting to the stereotype and the `` urban tribe '' , now they can just be a regular guy who happens to fuck other guys ( same for lesbians ) '' . 
  - my parents ' generation , in general , do n't feel an emotional connection to other countries . 
  thanks to the internet , how cheap flights are , and erasmus students , pretty much every young person has friends and loved ones across europe . 
  - freedom of speech is n't that respected among my parents , favoring whats ' known as `` righ to honor '' . 
  a common phrase of their generation is `` una cosa es la libertad y otra el libertinaje '' ( `` freedom is one thing , debauchery 's another '' ) . 
  we 've had people facing charges for a dark joke in twitter several times . 
  to my generation it 's horrible , and we think that if free speech is limited ( by `` good taste '' , `` respect '' or other abstract concepts ) then it 's not free speech ; but they just do n't see an issue with it . 
  - for my parents , the transition from a dictorship to a democracy was the key achievment of their generation , and something pretty much sacred and spotless . 
  my generation , while obviously appreciative of getting rid of francoism , consider that the transition was mild and still incomplete . 
  this issue groups the political power that the church still has , the power and lack of accountability of the king , how a lot of the victims were never properly homaged , etc. 
  my parent 's fear a lot that any modifications to their transition would lead to chaos and end the peace . 
  - bullfighting is a big one . 
  the elder grew up considering it an act of heroism by the bullfighter and a symbol of our nation ; i do n't know a single young person that considers it anything but animal torture , and we 're appaled to see it still being covered in local news and used as a tourist attraction . 
  - technology is obviously a difference ; and while it is common everywhere that old generations partly fail to adapt to change , i think in my parents ' generation the issue is exhacerbated by the mentality of `` this did n't exist when i grew up and therefore i do n't have to learn now '' . 
  lifelong learning is n't a thing , most people seem to uncounsciously think that once you 're an adult you 're done with your learning phase . 
  - my parents ' generation would n't be caught dead watching anything that is n't dubbed to their language . 
  a lot of people in my generation is the polar opposite , we do n't watch tv and buy/pirate all media instead because it 's the way we can see it in the original version . 
  dubbing feels super weird when you 're used to the original . 
  - the switch from the tv era to the internet era implies quite a change in mentality that is often overlooked : older people are used to sit in front of the screen and accept whatever is there , refusing to at least have it as background noise no matter how bad the content gets . 
  the internet , with all its flaws , has made my generation much more participative and selective of what they want : if they see a show is because they actively search for it , not because it is what 's on the menu today . 
  - the conception of work is really different . 
  for my parents ' , you should basically beg the all-powerful employers for work , and be happy that you have one no matter how abusive it gets . 
  creating your own business or leaving is out of the question . 
  `` you should n't go home at the accorded hour , they 'll think you 're lazy , just stay there at least until the boss leaves '' - even if there 's nothing else to do . 
  lots of people in my generation would much rather emigrate than accepting abusive conditions . 
  the word spain might come from i-shpania , `` land of the rabbits '' . 
  which is funny , because in spain , conejo ( rabbit ) is slang for . . well , you know . 
  we 're the land of pussy . 
  try to one-up that . 
  both are at the same level , although the details are a constant source of debate in spanish politics : for example , regionalists always try to make the subject of the regional language count in the exam that grants access to university , while other groups claim that it would go against the principle of all national students competing under the same rules ( access to university is determined by priority - those with the better marks get in first ) . 
   trpimir how is that pronounced ? 
  in spain , you learn spanish and your regional language as natives ( basque , catalonian , etc if there 's one in your region obviously ) . 
  we also learn english starting in middle school , and an optional second language in high school , usually french . 
  i personally know spanish and english , took french but i 've forgotten pretty much everything , and i 'm starting to learn swedish just for fun . 
  i do n't play , but i 've seen a lot of places with products on display and with regular games/tournaments . 
  i 'm always surprised by how expensive it seems to be . 
  i do n't see where you 're coming from , please clarify . 
  are you trolling ? 
  as for the question itself , the eu is both the second largest economy in the world and a nuclear power , which alone makes it really hard for most countries to compete - add the otan and forced american support , and nothing short of wwiii can really hurt us.what kind of obliterating scenario did you have in mind ? 
  lots of average joes shows here , but not really similar to the simpsons . 
  here are some you might like : [ los serrano ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-lqquq4mf9k0/vybsb2m0cei/aaaaaaaaami/vwz-9qb4p3c/s1600/serrano-1.jpg ) is a comedy about a widowed conservative/rural bar owner with three sons , who falls in love and marries a divorced progressive teacher with two daughters . 
  the show starts just after the marriage when they all start living together and it 's mostly about the clash between their way different worldviews . 
  [ la que se avecina ] ( http://www.hobbyconsolas.com/sites/hobbyconsolas.com/public/media/image/2016/06/600688-7-vidas-aida-que-avecina-15-mejores-series-humor-espanolas.jpg ) is about a regular building of flats : each flat is occupied by stereotypical characters ( a conservative religious family , a gay couple , a divorced loser , a group of young female flatmates ) and the show is a comedy based on their interactions . 
  [ cu\u00e9ntame c\u00f3mo paso ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_opi3eigibnu/tqf40r4vpei/aaaaaaaaaas/gftovlqpn8m/s1600/bso_cuentame_la_serie--frontal.jpg ) is not a comedy but you might be interested on it . it 's about a regular family living in spain , and through their daily life you get to see the country 's history : it starts in 1968 , back when spain was still a dictatorship and is currently around 1985 and going - the running joke in spain is that they 'll eventually catch up and start predicting the future . 
  the closest thing i know is the uk 's show `` this is england '' .
