  that one looks more like edgy american 14 year olds , like a communist version of the_donald when it was mostly memes - half the people seem to think it 's a parody and the others are taking it seriously . 
  however , and without wanting to enter a large debate , i think ( at least in my country ) self defined communists/socialists are a completely different breed . 
  the leader of their main political party , alberto garzon , for example , recently published a whole book dedicated to denouncing stalin as a mass murderer and renouncing to any chance of using the ussr as any kind of model to follow , implying that what he defends as socialism is a maintenance of the enlightenment values , the importance of providing universal access to health and education without making them dependent on economic values , and respect for human rights . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with them , and you can argue that they 're naive , or that they 're only communists in name , but at least it 's nothing at all like the loons in those subs , and definitely not supporters of stalin . 
    ergo , in the sick mind of a marxist , it makes perfect sense to destroy the former and preserve the latter . 
  i advise spending some time on r/communism101 for a better understanding of this sickness . 
  holy shit man . 
  i do n't like nor agree with the comparison that some people here make between current day western european socialist/communist parties and soviet communism , but i have no trouble condemning what i 'm reading in that sub . 
  apology of genocide , negationism ... those guys are loons . 
  it 's basically `` whoever i disagree with deserves to be killed , and if someone complains that a family member died in the hands of a communist they are hiding something they did to deserve it '' . 
   papa : potato or pope . 
   unless we open our mouths , you 're not going to detect that we 're british . 
  sometimes even then , you wo n't notice . 
  trust me , we will . 
  at least it 's proper spanish ... 
  i think the better comparison would be metro or 20 minutos . 
  then again , those are given away for free in the subway and people still do n't take them . 
  no worries , we 're not taking the sun as relevant . 
  we 're judging you for this thing being sold as much as it is though . . 
  it is funny how the summary talks about loyal locals coming to help when tensions rise , but at no point do they comment on * anything * that spain has theoretically done . 
  it 's like `` those fuckers that are there minding their own business will get what 's coming to them for ... 
  uh ... look , free poster !, 
  meh , most of it is already taken by german retirees and horny teenagers , but i was mostly talking about some of us having bothered to keep our king alive . 
  shit rectangle , shit chess players . 
   so the ** portuguese crown ** can annex what 's left uuh ... 
  i might have some bad news for you little buddy . 
  i 'll be getting married in a few weeks . 
  :3 assuring your eu nationality , uh ? 
  those damn immigrants ... ^ ( ^ ^ just ^ ^ kidding ), 
   between former member states . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 we are n't going anywhere !, 
   i do support spain in wanting to clear a tax haven in a bilateral agreement with britain though . 
  as far as i know ( which is about 1mm ) the take clay rethoric rather comes from britain , than spain that 's really the case . 
  `` gibraltar espa\u00f1ol '' is basically a meme here to parody low cultured yokels ( it 's basically our equivalent of ` murica ) . 
  no one actually wants the rock , even less so if the citizens there would n't want to be spaniards . 
  the only actual interest of spain regarding gibraltar is avoiding the constant headache it represents in terms of it being a tax heaven , them having expanded buildings into spanish territory , conflicts between fishermen over the use of the surrounding water ... 
  it is not , spain has n't dropped anything : we never intended to veto scotland , there are video quotes of spain 's government officials saying so dozens of times . 
  no it is not . 
  that 's the story that the uk media has tried to push for months despite spain being crystal clear dozens of times : a secession accepted by the uk government is legitimate and wo n't be vetoed , while the potential secession of catalonia would n't be accepted by spain 's government and would be then illegitimate , so there are different issues and one does n't affect the other . 
  fucking uk media . 
  the government has been saying so for months already , the scotland veto was n't a possibility . 
   this is a nationalist trigger for both spain and the uk , and brings out the worst in both of us . 
  given the population of gibraltar has made they wishes clear this is a non-issue that can only be used to cynically drive nationalist tendencies for all sides . 
   starting a territorial dispute that is counter to the wishes of the subjects in question can not be held up as in any way productive . 
  nah , opinion of the population aside i think politically this is just an excuse to give us a larger amount of influence over the negotiations , simple as that . 
  both sides will try to play all cards that they have . 
  that 's a completely fair counterpoint . 
  still , i do n't think that spain would try to take people from gibraltar against their will ; i think the policy would go towards creating a situation where it 's in their best interest to join - pushing to remove their tax heaven-like situation , promoting the benefits of being part of the eu , etc. 
  it 's not like the citizen 's current opinion is set on stone . 
  i mean , spain wo n't , since it is n't in their ( our ) interest , but i can see why the government of morocco would work towards that goal . 
  i 'm not trying to deffend spain 's position here , just explain it . 
  op was claiming that it was all unreasonable and i 'm trying to show why , right or not , objectively there are reasons for spain to do what they do , as there are two sides in most conflicts . 
  my bad , i misread your flair as `` finland '', 
   considering the recent problems portugal is having with the nuclear plant in almaraz , this comment makes me feel weird for how true it is ... see ? 
  and our border connects our mainlands , so whatever is harmful to portugal will be harmful to the bulk of spain too . 
  in gibraltar , the uk is mostly risk free in whatever they decide to try , most of the territorial risk is suffered by spain . 
   the fact that you do n't even know how to oppose this is why i do n't support the eu in it 's current form well , to be fair the argument can go both ways : it 's the first time that i do n't feel represented by an eu decision to the point where i want to make my opposition heard . 
  but since you bothered to reply you could have provided an answer :p, 
   most countries are surrounded to a degree by other countries . 
  they certainly are , but usually a border is next to the whole other country , not just to an isolated part of it . 
  we trust that france wo n't risk anything potentially harmful on their border because the bulk of their population is close ; but the uk for example could use gibraltar to hold a military base , contaminating waste , etc. 
  without their main land being affected . 
  and gibraltar 's recent history does n't exactly help the argument of the border being harmless , with the issues related to smuggling and use of the surrounding waters for example . 
  it 's just a constant source of headache that spain would like to avoid . 
  it is also contemplated as a `` fixable '' problem : making gibraltar spanish territory or limiting its effects on its surroundings might be far fetched , but it 's still far more doable than , say , annexing portugal . 
  to be clear , all of those are n't necessarily my views , i 'm just playing devil 's advocate for spain 's potential interests . 
  not only . 
  we 've got reddit-like sites such as meneame , specific forums with large userbases like htcmania ... forocoches is n't our reddit , it 's our 4chan . 
  see whole thread , i already answered that above :  i did n't mean it as gibraltar itself being spanish territory , but as it being surrounded by spanish land ; in the same way that you can say that the vatican is a foreign spot on otherwise italian territory . 
  that is to say , that a big part of the issue is gibraltar 's geographical placement . 
   and obviously gibraltar is n't a foreign spot on spanish territory as the territory is n't spanish . 
  i did n't mean it as gibraltar itself being spanish territory , but as it being surrounded by spanish land ; in the same way that you can say that the vatican is a foreign spot on otherwise italian territory . 
  that is to say , that a big part of the issue is gibraltar 's geographical placement . 
  the other day there was a francophone party organized in madrid 's town hall building . 
  i just have to thank belgium for providing chocolate and beer . 
  the swiss raclette was also awesome . 
  fuck this shit , did n't we learn from the last release by wikileaks ? 
  backdoors can and will be found and used by third parties creating a risk far greater than encryption was . 
  how can we oppose the measure ? 
  is there anyone we can write to so our concerns are considered ? 
   i really do n't understand why `` they '' ( ugh , us ) care so much about gibraltar . 
  i always look at it in the sense that most of the peninsula is spanish except that spot , and it seems to bother some people . 
  even though we have andorra , which i see like something similar ( in the sense of not completely owning the peninsula - portugal ) . 
  and then there 's ceuta and melilla , which morocco could view the same way . 
  so yeah , i do n't get the obsession with gibraltar . 
   spain : we 're going to build a wall , and the monkeys will pay for it . 
  ( \ua426 \u0ca0\u76bf\u0ca0 ) i 'm not particularly interested in the subject , but i can see why it would be a concern to have a foreign spot in your territory . 
  imagine for example that the uk decided to use it to keep their nuclear waste . 
  from a national perspective i think we should be glad of this development , if only because it provides an excuse for us to get a better deal out of the negotiation ( it 's an asset like any other ) . 
  there 's no point for most spaniards to come to the spanish subreddit . 
  there are huge forums with spanish content where to address pretty much anything that could go on in a national sub , people who come here come for the benefits of accessing the anglosphere . 
  sorry , no can do . 
  the flaccid penis imagery is what makes the whole map . 
  is n't there an hdr technique that takes 2-3 photos in different exposure and mixes them up automatically ? 
   the airplane is moving forward and at the instance of takeoff because of the shape of the wings the air passing under the wing is faster than the air over the wing , causing an air pressure differential . 
   and then you 're aloft , the ground receding like a skewed painting , a view you 've likely never seen outside of an aircraft . . cars dwindling in size as they drop away , lost as you enter your first cloud . 
  it 's spectacular . 
   you view the sea of clouds as you pass over them . . and maybe if you 're lucky you see another trail in the distance . . to indicate you 're not all of a sudden alone . . the only passengers left in the world . 
  see , this is why i love flying . 
  i 've done it plenty of times and i 'm still happy as a kid every time i get to do it .
