  i 've actually been part of what were the seeds of podemos : the local asambleas that resulted from the 15m movements . 
  they were complete chaos , because you get activists of all kinds ( from old people from neighbor associations , trough `` wi-fi gives cancer '' hippie , to radical feminists ) . 
  they all have a very clear and immovable world view , accept no compromise , and do n't give a fuck about each other 's fight . 
  the funny thing about podemos is that the only thing keeping it alive is a shaky leadership . 
  people get to see the pressing catch episode between errejon and iglesias , and now they 're forced to support one or the other , which is way easier than supporting an ideology because then there would be as many choices as voters . 
  their fights give people a common ground . 
  defending the free market is not the only thing that makes ciudadanos seem right wing to spanish eyes , they 're also way too noisy with the push for the unity of spain - not that i would n't like catalunya to stay , but the importance they give to that is so huge that it ends up sounding like old timey rancid patriotism . 
  honestly , i think our political space would be way more sane if the pp divided logically instead of being an all encompassing block : a conservative christian party and a neoliberal one . 
  ciudadanos could probably occupy the place of the latter . 
   psoe fucks itself if it goes with podemos , too . 
  the half that did n't vote for him mostly despises podemos . 
  that 's completely true ; the question is whether their voters despise iglesias or rajoy more , and i 'm betting for the latter . 
  i think they would vote , even if reluctantly , for anything but the right . 
   but by allying with podemos , what does he give psoe voters that they would n't just get from voting podemos ? 
  a real chance to get the left in power , i guess . 
  i think a lot more people would vote for a general `` fuck rajoy '' statement than for any specific party , since they all have their reputation in the ground , and far more people would vote if they felt like this time their vote might be enough to get a majority straight away . 
  the psoe is not as fucked as it might seem in the long term , i think . 
  if they hold their ground and stay in the left , fighting with podemos for the same political space , eventually podemos with sink without any help because of their constant internal disaster . 
  if the psoe tries to shift their political space to the center , they 're dead - no one can take seriously a ** socialist workers party ** moving right . 
   podemos ca n't unite podemos , how in the world would they unite with psoe ? 
  well , the worst move they have ever made was fucking up government negotiations with sanchez and looking like they were torpedoing negotiations out of selfishness , and they know it ; so they might try to correct that by going the opposite way - that was my line of thought . 
  i see your point , but ( at least according to what analysts have been saying lately ) susana is far stronger among party members ( afiliados ) than among voters - party members tend to be older and more conservative . 
  sanchez 's image works better with the undecided than diaz i think - s\u00e1nchez tried to copy the charm of obama , while susana seems to be a hilary - good resume on paper , but unlikeable from a marketing perspective . 
  besides , among psoe voters , the ideological division between left and right is very present , they would consider voting right as a treason to their own beliefs - and they consider ciudadanos the right , it 's not like rivera has tried hard to attract the left anyway . 
  things might change if ciudadanos switches their strategy and tries to move left , though . 
  but so far they 've been pp 's main supporters and that does n't go well with the centrist image they try to portray . 
  depends on how he sells it . 
  his whole campaign has been capitalizing on psoe voters that saw with horror their vote allowing rajoy to remain in power . 
  i think his call of `` everything to take the right down '' can get him all of psoe 's support , it has won him the primaries after all . 
  the big issue was nationalism . 
  sanchez 's will to concede in that regard is what made half his party take him down ... 
  he might get away with it this time , or try to push ciudadanos into the table since they 're so touchy in that aspect ( either you 're with us or the nationalists will ) . 
  iglesias and s\u00e1nchez could run together on some kind of joined platform though . 
  not very probable , but it would make a world of difference ... 
  i would n't like that , but i like however that this will push ciudadanos to move left in order to achieve your intended effect . 
  i would happily vote for them if they were as center as they claim to be , but right now they 're basically the moderate wing of pp . 
  i actually think this is great news . 
  with things the way they were , we would have reached a situation where the left has more votes and support than the right , but is forced to let the right govern because unity is imposible ( susana 's psoe would have had the whole left against her and be unable to reach the government by herself ) . 
  under s\u00e1nchez , podemos and psoe can join forces , and they 'll be careful to avoid repeating their horrible show . 
  it is now when stability can be achieved . 
  now they need to play their cards well and avoid immediate elections , just let rajoy sink with a minority in congress . 
  and if you do n't like podemos , this is also great news . 
  most young socialist voters would have gladly given their vote to iglesias rather than susana after her coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  to be fair , vodafone already offers no extra charges without law requirement - i 've used my spanish line in london as if i was still in spain . 
  i understand that position from the swedish government ( if the law actually supports that claim ) , but at the same time i can see how assange could consider that a reason to refuse agreeing to go to sweden - specially since i read about adx florence , i would do anything to avoid even a chance of ever ending up there . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but did n't he volunteer to be judged in sweden as long as it was guaranteed that it would not lead to extradition to the us ? 
  i think that was the major issue all along , the possibility of him being sent back and punished for whistleblowing . 
  i do n't really support assange , btw . 
  eh , i can see his point of view ... 
  think about the phrase `` living under franco was shitty , but he saved us from ending up being a soviet or nazi state '' . 
  objectively it might have some truth to it , but as a spaniard it still rubs you the wrong way because of how it sounds as an implied softening of what francoism was ... 
   and nazi germany , of course , the third reich is `` the third reich '' a valid name for nazi germany among historians and in common speech ? 
  or does it carry the connotation that you buy into the nazi 's worldview ? 
  ( honest question ), 
  i missed the show . 
  can you guys point me at the specifics of why this year , too , i will feel embarrassed ? 
  they 're not bad at all with spanish . 
  spanish health care is a little complicated bureaucratically because it 's management is delegated to the different autonomous communities ( regions ) . 
  and i thought that the church has too much power in our country ... 
  the end of the eu : politics ' half life 3 . 
  nah , when they leave we try to rip apart some of their limbs and keep them . 
   what eu officials are saying is , give us money you are not legally required to pay or we wo n't even begin trade negotiations , in other words blackmail . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but at least a good part of that money is perfectly reasonable to ask for - pensions and projects the uk had already accepted to be involved in . 
  there might be no legal obligation to pay , but there is n't a law stating that you should n't either . 
  it is , as a result a part of the negotiations as any other . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll watch it later at home . 
  that 's interesting , do you have sources ? 
  i tried searching for both but i 'm not finding much . 
  i 've seen several studies proving a deeply held belief among teenage girls that they 're less valid than men for math related tasks , which is held even when average scores are higher in that very class for women on average . 
   how is this an issue ? 
  everyone has equal opportunity to work these higher paying jobs , it 's just that some people make the choice of working at a less demanding job . 
  the idea is that the choice is not completely free , but that women ( and men ) are softly driven by society and gender roles to specific jobs . 
  the usual example given is how toys like dolls are given to girls , while mechanical toys are usually considered for boys . 
  there is decent proof that men are not genetically more driven to computers , for example - the first programmers and pc users were women because society considered that it was their job , since computers sort of resembled writing machines used by secretaries . 
  there 's also the effect on family load on career advancement - gender roles makes it so that women are much more likely than men to reject promotions and career advancement and instead take one for the team to take care of children and house issues . 
  in some way , that is not a free choice - they 've been conditioned to believe that it 's their job and not the husband 's . 
  those are not straight bans - no one is keeping a woman from entering it schools - but it 's still an issue that needs to be addressed . 
  i was laughing at the first one yesterday with a friend , specifically at how they put a cross on one of the peaks and a lighting rod on the other . 
  it 's like ... yeah we trust god , but let 's have a plan b just in case . 
   tread carefully spain !, 
  we will release the chavs by the thousands onto the beaches of magaluf !, 
  consider that , statistically speaking , we keep your mother in law in retirement here and our young are serving you beers in london bars . 
  try us , we 'll send her back and you wo n't find an open bar to hide . 
  shit , your post made me realize that even though i 'm a spaniard and i have an interest in languages it never occurred to me to investigate euskera . 
  i do n't know why , i guess it 's so close that i thought it would n't be interesting despite knowing that it predates latin . 
  thus proving that spain is the best place to be born in . 
  spanish by default , english taught since primary school and arabic and french in neighboring countries . 
   the best part about the eu and being european is that you can now officially lay claim to all the lands your home country once owned or wished it had once upon a time . 
  are you guys getting us back our empire ? 
  how nice of you !, 
   podemitas please refrain from that kind of semi-slurs . 
  it does nothing for constructive discussion . 
  as for preferring trump , i have personally never seen it from any voter - and it certainly was n't the party 's policy . 
    if we have to draw parallelism , they never supported the `` spanish macron '' ( rivera ) to form a government with the `` spanish hamon '' ( sanchez ) to stop the `` spanish fillon '' governing . 
  that 's not true ; or at the very least it is n't a fair description of what happened . 
  at that time , considering the amount of votes each party had , the proposal of the psoe to have podemos basically giving full support without any concessions to their proposals was extremely unfair . 
  podemos did well to walk away from that . 
  i do n't support them in this issue however ; i 'd certainly have preferred to see them support macron . 
  but being completely fair , their position is going to have 0 relevance in the upcoming french vote so it 's just posturing either way .
