  our government can loss control of the country , we hold perfectly democratic elections . 
  gag laws will probably be repealed or scaled back soon . 
   that being said . 
  they are really taking twitter-crime to new levels . 
  every spaniard knows at least 10 jokes involving that assasination , the person and the chosen method . 
   in spain we did complain , there were demonstrations , plenty , against the new restrictive laws . 
  nobody did anything . 
  now we ca n't complain ... 
  the problem is not the law itself , is that it was thought at a time when the internet was not a thing . 
  back then , there was an obvious distinction between a private joke and some public statement ( like using a tv program or addressing a crowd ) . 
  but it is hard to choose which of those two defines social networks since they 're a bit of both . 
  judges decided to interpret that a tweet has the same category as the latter , and i think that results in disproportionate punishments . 
  we need a reform in that regard and more public servants and politicians that understand current technology . 
  the problem is not the law itself , is that it was thought at a time when the internet was not a thing . 
  back then , there was an obvious distinction between a private joke and some public statement ( like using a tv program or addressing a crowd ) . 
  but it is hard to choose which of those two defines social networks since they 're a bit of both . 
  i do agree that we need a reform . 
  `` meh '' is the best way to describe my feelings about this . 
  i do n't really think tighter control is harmful , but i do n't consider current laws a source of concern either . 
  terrorists can use a gun or a truck to do the same amount of damage . 
  weird holidays ? 
  i do n't get that one . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't know there were so many overseas territories ... 
  nor that so many nations still recognize the crown . 
  and when i thought i understood the uk territories clusterfuck ... 
   why would someone vote for someone separating away from them ? 
  because according to our constitution a secession is n't possible ( and in fact the constitution specifically states that it is the state 's duty to protect the unity of spain iirc ) . 
  the constitution was voted by all spaniards and accepted by a huge margin , so allowing secession would require a modification of it , and that should need consent from all spaniards - that 's the idea i think ( it is n't necessarily my point of view ) . 
  it is a problem that ca n't be resolved because each side is arriving at correct conclusions but starting from different facts : the spanish state views it as a fraction of spaniards ( that potentially could become their own country , but that so far are just citizen sas any other ) wanting to change the law without asking the rest , and so it sees no reason to put their interests above others : nationalists however see themselves as people who already have their own country in a moral/cultural/ethical sense which is not being recognized as an entity and look for its recognition - that is to say , they think they already are an entity capable of having a decision that is separate from the group of all spaniards , rather than just a group of spaniards that happen to share a political view . 
   safer than a mexican journalist `` the sexiest man in a warhammer tournament '', 
  spain provides a clear path for it , for the record . 
  they claim that a potential secession would affect the whole country and as a result any hypothetical referendum should allow the votes of all spaniards , not just the catalonians . 
  you can like that idea or not , and i can see why secessionist people would not consider it fair , but the path is there . 
   it must be incredibly lonely to outlive your entire family though . 
  she outlived all people that were alive in the world when she was born . 
  and statistically , a huge chunk of all of those that were alive by the time she was 30 - those are 87 at least now . 
  imagine that . 
  reaching a point where practically every person that you met in your first 30 years of life is dead . 
  * no one remembers that time in the world except for you . 
  is finland small enough that you would usually recognize a random building or area ? 
  ( honest question ), 
  what is number five ? 
  it looks awesome , i want to see it from a different perspective . 
  touch\u00e9 , as the canadians would say . 
  wait , why do you show here a brazillian player ? 
  ^ ^ ^ [ ducks ], 
  only if you 're british . 
  price based on risk assessment , like with car insurances . 
  dijsselbloem , is that you ? 
  for the last time , our women come for free !, 
  * but man , what a text message that was . 
   hundreds of thousands of italians , the french , and spaniards live in the uk too . 
  they are not `` scary ee '' , so they are not targetted/scapegoated as we are in the case of spain , it is not in the uk 's interest to get a bad deal with us because they have about 800k citizens on spanish territory too . 
  it 's always in the back of my mind . 
  i 'm not doing bad in madrid and all my people is here , but i know for a fact that moving pretty much anywhere in western europe i could at least double my current salary instantly without effort . 
  so it is n't really a need , but ... more like a feeling that i have to choose between living away from my people or wasting my potential as a professional . 
  yeah , but german is a germanic language ... 
  when i learned german it felt really familiar due to knowledge of english , and i suppose it works both ways ? 
  we get the combination of lack of dubbing and a different language family - plus a language with far less vowel sounds ( telling ship and sheep apart is hard as hell for us ) . 
   the site explains this by the respective national languages being based on latin , which apparently makes it harder to master english . 
  an important ( i think ) effect in spain is the dubbing of media . 
  it started under franco and now there 's a whole industry built around it and a mass of people used to it that would not like change . 
  the dubbing of movies and shows severely limits exposure to english . 
  a popular spanish comedian suggested attacking germany and secretly letting them win , as our only hope to be ruled by an efficient government . 
  i update it only whenever i have to send it somewhere - that is , for job interviews . 
  it 's relatively frequent , since i try to go from time to time even if i 'm employed , to test the waters and check if my current situation is good compared to alternatives . 
  as for the format , europass . 
  half the people tell me it 's the best choice and the other half that it 's frowned upon ; i personally like having a standard so i do n't have to worry about formats , just fill in the blanks . 
   i do n't believe spain or the uk are quite as explicit about their federationness . 
  article 2 of our constitution says ( quick translation ) :  the constitution is based on the unity of the spanish nation , which is the common and unsplittable homeland of all spaniards , and recognizes and guarantees the right of autonomy of the nationalities and regions that form it , as well as the solidarity between all of them . 
  you can see how , other than explicitly forbidding secession , the rest is quite broad and left for interpretation . 
  yeah , what an asshole . 
  i mean , they know they 'll never be able to be one , there 's no need to rub it in . 
   \u0411\u0435\u0437 \u0434\u043b\u0430\u043a\u0435 \u043d\u0430 \u0458\u0435\u0437\u0438\u043a\u0443 - '' without hair on a tongue '' , being very direct towards someone uuuh ... that 's weird , the same expression also exists in spanish ( sin pelos en la lengua ) . 
  i wonder how it came to be , since it is n't an intuitive idea ... 
  probably because we have decently large sites in our own language . 
  forocoches and similar are huge . 
  management of health services in spain is left to the * comunidades autonomas * ( regions - spain practice is governed almost like a federation ) . 
  in madrid in particular , waiting times for everything that is n't life threatening are notoriously bad , reaching several months - the cause is a combination of a long tradition of right wing neoliberal governments that defunded public infrastructure to promote privatization , and budget cuts related to austerity policies . 
  in other regions the situation is far better , though . 
   the people there were very mild and sometimes shy , while i expected them to be loud , hot blooded mediterraneans . 
  it 's what happens after growing up as the little sister of loud , hot blooded mediterraneans ... 
  everyone 's still laughing about rajoy 's last intervention in parlament . 
  he 's ... not the best speaker . 
  this phrase was the highlight of his discourse , which became a meme :  cuanto peor , mejor para todos ... y cuanto peor , para todos mejor , mejor para m\u00ed ... el suyo beneficio pol\u00edtico translation : `` the worst for everyone , the better ... and the better , for everyone the best , best for me ... the yours political benefit . '', 
  there 's no context lacking and nothing is lost in translation , it 's just as understandable and grammatically wrong for natives . 
  his best moment happened during and interview back when he was running for president . 
  he was asked live what his economic policy would be , and he replied by staring at his notes for some time , then raising his head and saying `` well an amazing thing has happened ... 
  i 've got my policy written right here , but i ca n't undesrtand my own writing '' . 
  * he still won . 
  there 's an interesting story about that in spain . 
  the traditional battle cry of spaniards was `` santiago y cierra , espa\u00f1a ! '' . 
  it literally translates to `` santiago and close , spain '' ( santiago is the nation 's patron saint ) , so the more accurate translation would be something like `` say your prayers and [ get ] close , spaniards ! '', 
  - with the obvious implication that shit 's about to hit the fan , it 's basically our allahu akbar . 
  the thing is that , in the nineteen century , it switched its meaning : cultured people from the time moved the comma , making it `` santiago , y cierra espa\u00f1a '' - `` santiago , and close spain '' . 
  it was a sarcastic remark that religion and tradition had left spain closed to progress . 
  there 's also the battle cry of almogavares , the shock troops used during the reconquista . 
  it is said that they went into battle when it was dark , and before charging they would start hitting the backs of their weapons with the ground , to create noise , progressively louder ... then , when the sound reached its peak , they would start chanting louder and louder `` desperta ferro '' ( wake up , iron ) , finally hitting the floor differently in a certain way that caused sparks . 
  apparently from the other side , the progressive scandal followed by the screams and then the red light glares illuminating the enemy was quite terrorific .
