  for a long time , there have only been two major parties , which made debate in congress a formality - the party in power had full power without any external help anyway . 
  it was all pretty much for show . 
  while the older generation used to be happy with that , the younger generation claims that just giving power to a major party every 4 years with no accountability is n't truly democracy , and wanted a `` real '' alternative . 
  and as a result now there are 4-5 parties in government . 
  the problem is , new parties are used to being stuck in the opposition and wo n't change the mindset from protest into actual government ; while old parties are used to push their views with no consensus and wo n't engage in actual discussion . 
  both sides keep the `` it 's all for show '' mentality . 
  with such an environment , it 's not surprising that it took so long to form a government , and even now it 's doomed because they did n't reach a majority - the right wing just forced the left to either abstain or go to elections indefinitely . 
  they are in government but wo n't be able to get anything passed in congress . 
  if our elected leaders do n't adapt soon , i fear we 'll just keep getting lower and lower turnout rates in elections as young people lose hope , and old people will bring back bipartisanship . 
  that would help against a human search , but i doubt it would be of much use against an algorithm . 
   tell me , who is that guy ? 
  is he from podemos ? 
  nope , esquerra republicana . 
  they support the independence of catalu\u00f1a , and in pretty much all other matters they share podemos ' political line . 
  this particular congressman , gabriel rufian , became very famous after his speech when psoe abstained to allow the pp ( right wing ) to govern . 
  in his speech , he mocked the psoe 's name ( socialist workers spanish party ) with this line : `` are n't you ashamed to be republicans , but supporters of the king ; to be socialist , but following neoliberalism ; to be workers , but having exleaders in executive boards ; to be left wing but handing the power to the right ? '' . 
  then he addressed iglesias ( leader of podemos ) by telling him `` you were right : bipartisanship has died . 
  it is now a single party , ppsoe . 
  we 'll always help you . '', 
  the worst thing is that they actually ca n't keep that budget without the chamber 's approval . 
  right now they are a minority in congress , and are struggling to pass next year 's budget - which is already extremely late because of how much we delayed the formation of the new government . 
  they do n't seem to give a fuck , and yet people keep voting for them . 
  well if you want to spend some of that welfare ... 
  i see a potential deal here :d ^ ( we have tapas please come ), 
  has it been any proposal to modify schedules in winter ? 
  i have no knowledge of what your weather is like , but if i was in your situation i would happily work/study in the evenings till late and get mornings free , so i could get my free time synchronized with the sunshine . 
  first they came for the cream pies ... 
  you thought he was joking about following rules ? 
  he 's swedish . 
  the problem is that we are not talking about starbucks baristas . 
  programmers and other highly trained professionals making 600 euros is a regular occurrence . 
  there 's also the argument against lack of economy estimulation : lots of people not making enough to survive means lots of people not consuming . 
  that potential money would sustain more jobs than the current precarious model . 
  her local government refused to pay for some security measures for the subway , that were available in all other similar systems in the nation . 
  they took that decision despite experts strongly advising against it . 
  then an accident happened , causing 150 casualties , that could have been avoided by the systems she refused to pay for . 
  and when people protested , she mocked the victims . 
  i mean , they considered a socialist as a possible candidate . 
  for us standards that 's pretty hardcore . 
  i mean , one does n't have to be a political genius to see how rivera should want to avoid a coalition . 
  the main criticism of his party is them being a rebranding of the pp ; he 's already going to expose himself way too much by being pp 's only supporters in congress . 
  if ciudadanos gets too close their voters might as well vote pp and he 'll be out of a political space . 
  what percentage of bitcoin users are n't doing it for either legal/shady stuff or just pure speculation ? 
  i am yet to be convinced that it 's anything other than a giant bubble ... 
  damned euthanasia ... first she avoids the russian revolution by faking her own death and now starts mass murders . 
  then it 's quiere . 
    spanish civil war was n't as devastating as wars and german occupation of ee i believe - or was it ? 
  i 'm not downplaying oppressiveness of franco regime but right wing regimes usually were n't so detrimental to economy as left wing ones . 
  it was absolutely devastating . 
  the only difference was that the dictatorship started with a war , instead of finishing with a war as was the case in germany . 
  this allows apologists to claim that spain was better left after franco than after the republic - which is technically true , i guess , but hides the obvious truth that spain was in ruins after the republic not because of the republic , but because of the coup attempt and its escalation into a civil war . 
  our monarchs are the house of bourbon . 
  if we buried their sexual partners we 'd run out of women in a couple of generations . 
  the title sounds like they 're trying to bury him alive with her after her death , like they did with servants in ancient egypt . 
   is it done before or after the burial why are you assuming a burial ? 
  there might be a barbecue instead . 
  i 'd say the difference is how having sex with others is perceived . 
  while for some people having sex with another person is an extreme betrayal of intimacy , and something that destroys a relationship , others could perceive a difference between something long lasting and sex , and see it as `` well he/she was horny and did something stupid , but he/she stull loves me after the heat is gone '' - not something that 's ok , but not the end of the world either . 
  that 's my guess anyway ... 
  it 's as baffling for us it is for the rest of europe . 
  bull related festivities are something shameful for most young spaniards . 
  every single year these festivities are looked at with disgust and there are clashes between animal rights activists and the town idiots . 
  yet these festivities still have support from rural towns ( and some elder people ) , and politicians keep looking the other way . 
    javascript engineer - 3836.13 euro :d damn . 
  i 'm making way less than half that as a vr dev in spain :(, 
   the us media writes `` hispanic '' ( ethnical spaniard/iberian ) because they are shamless ignorants . 
  i do n't think so , the term just took a new meaning . 
  we do n't think about natives of the caucasus when we refer to caucasians after all . 
  people questioned our choices for equipment , but now we 're empirically proved to be right !, 
  large companies can affect policy in every country , though not to the level of the us of course . 
  i know for a fact that here in spain there was a modification related to which businesses could open on a sunday , that was negotiated because a big chain threatened with huge layoffs otherwise . 
  to my knowledge no part of the negotiation was public , nor is the people aware of it . 
  that depends . 
  they are free to denounce it if they consider it a breach of international law or human rights . 
  even out of that case , they are free to reply through non legal means . 
  if i think you 're a dick but you have n't broken the law i might not be able to sue you , but i can leave you out of my social circle or refuse to do business with you . 
   some 150 palestinians reside in jubbet al-dhib , which is neighboured by the illegal noqedim settlement , home to israeli defense minister avigdor lieberman , as well as the illegal el david settlement , in addition a number of israeli outposts . 
  these outposts , despite being illegal even under israeli domestic law , still enjoy connection to the power grid and access to other infrastructure , according to haaretz . 
  apparently , the government of israel is purposely keeping those people without electricity , while the illegal settlements next to it do get it ( presumably as a way to try to get them to go ) . 
  hard to defend the israeli government if they not only refuse to address those people 's needs , but also block others from doing so . 
   just step out of ideological approach . 
  if saudi arabia funds a solar power plant for a mosque in holland and its going to be build without the proper paperwork , what would happen ? 
  you ca n't step out of an ideological approach when the laws are purposely enforcing an ideology , that 's the point . 
  the laws are n't being used for a fair government but as a political tool . 
   not even `` well apparently the atlantic makes you gay '' . 
  glad to see that my hypothesis is catching on . 
  i do n't get the reference , but i visited infowars once and i 'm afraid to ask ... 
  what can we take out from this ? 
  clearly , that atlantic waters make you gay . 
  the mediterranean sea is just indirectly contaminated . 
   spain in 2002 : +31  spain in 2014 : +31  change : +1 go math !, 
  also , ireland went from 18 to 19 with a change of 0 . 
  it 's even worse , ideologically wise . 
  basically imagine 4chan with older userbase - lots of butthurt divorced people for example . 
  just like 4chan , it 's good to watch their trolling in the news from time to time , but not a place you actually want to be a part of . 
  to be fair , [ the logo we use mostly everywhere ] ( https://blogdeinstintonatural.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/logo-ayto-madrid.jpg ) is a little better than the original . 
   the ruling stemmed from the case of a french man known as j.w. 
  who was vaccinated against hepatitis b in 1998 and developed multiple sclerosis a year later . 
  multiple sclerosis is a neurological disorder in which the body 's own immune system attacks the brain and spinal cord . 
  the disease scars nerve tissue and causes a range of symptoms , from vision problems to paralysis .
