   that nationality and citizenship are not the same , and you should n't treat them the same , ever could you expand on that ? 
  i did n't really understand your point or what it implies . 
   some think we 're weak , but we 've gone through some really though shit and we 're still up and running . 
  for what is worth , i 've never heard of this stereotype . 
   in america we do not have religious political parties due to our laws . 
  this of course does not stop our politicians from pandering to their voter 's faiths . 
  keep in mind that , although europe has religious parties , the presence of religion in politics is ( at least in western europe ) far less spread . 
  the millions of religious references that all us presidents use would cause a stir here for example ( `` we pray for the victims '' , `` a nation under god '' , etc. ), 
   the only `` christian issue '' we have here in america i can think of are abortion and contraceptive rights . 
  you have all the issues with creationism too , and sex ed including abstinence , at least in some areas . 
  i just asked my best friend ( spanish ) and her girlfriend ( french ) . 
  both say they 've had no problems , though apparently madrid has a better community - chueca rules ( madrid 's gay neighbourhood ) . 
  did n't you know ? 
  they 're rapefugees . 
  they 'll fuck you in the ass . 
  that 's what the guy 's referencing . 
  tbh i had n't found anyone in real life ( under the age of 60-70 ) with a minimally good view of franco , until i started meeting foreigners . 
  franco is viewed well by a surprising amount of americans , under the `` saved spain from communism '' ideology . 
  apparently according to some sources , one of the reasons suarez was able to face tejero and the armed guards more easily is that he had been trained to face stress situations and having a weapon pointed at him ( because of concerns about eta ) . 
  he knew how to keep a straight face and call the other person 's bluff . 
  as far as curing or reducing genetic diseases , i 'm all for it . 
  i am however against using it to `` improve '' humans beside health issues . 
  the reason is that i do n't trust ourselves to choose what is better . 
  100 years ago we would have tried to make women more submissive , 30 years ago we might have tried to get rid of homosexuality . 
  who knows what idiotic thing we would be implementing today ignorantly . 
  them being a country does n't worry me at all , it has no impact on anything . 
  as for the place itself , it 's definitely a place to visit . 
  there are few places in the world with as much cultural importance as the vatican museums ; what in other places would be the centerpiece of a museum is just a random detail in a corner there . 
   and , as you point out , they still let the ultraconservative nutjobs in charge of various ministries ( gallardon , fern\u00e1ndez d\u00edaz , ... ) . 
  i 'm kind of going on a tangent here , but gallardon was extremely surprising . 
  we had him as major in madrid for quite some time , and although he was n't well liked ( because of his stupid amounts of public spending on candidacies to the olympics ) he was known as a very cultured person and his own party hated him for his progressiveness . 
  i remember seeing him starring in a couple of documentaries where he was just walking around the city and told the reporters by heart stories about the places around , quite a likeable guy ... 
  when rajoy chose him i remember i was like `` oh , not that bad '' . 
  and then he reaches the ministry and bang , ultra religious extremist nutjob out of nowhere . 
  obviously there are lots of them since spain has a long history , so i 'll reply thinking on `` recent '' events : [ santiago carrillo is a significant one . 
  ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/santiago_carrillo ) he fought in the civil war defending the republic against fascism . 
  after the war was lost he became part of the government in exile , worked internationally to try to sabotage franco 's regime , and later came back to spain to lead the communist party . 
  years later , when his party was legalized during the transition into democracy , he was elected a congressman . 
  one of the main moments for which he 's remembered is his reaction in 1982 , when members of the military entered congress in a coup d'etat attempt . 
  while all his fellow congressmen dropped to the ground or hid under their tables at the sound of shots , he , along with the president , defied the armed intruders . 
   instantly a civil guard came to where i was and told me to lie down . 
  i answered `` no '' . 
  he must have realized i meant it , because he just said `` ok , but keep your hands near the table '' , which is where they already were as i was smoking . 
  same . 
  i get off lightly because i 'm in the startup community , but even so it 's more `` flexible hours '' than `` actually working just the amount of time in your contract '' . 
  i 'd say it 's a pretty fair review . 
  my only criticism would be about the description of ciudadanos ; although they certainly try to market themselves as a center party , i do n't think they receive much approval from the center-left or even center . 
  i think most of their votes come from disgruntled young/moderate pp voters , and they also vote in line with pp on most issues ; it can be seen in most polls , whenever one goes up or down the other reacts proportionally , and the sum of pp + ciudadanos stays somewhat constant . 
  if i had to define them i 'd classify them as a middle point between american democrats and republicans ( that is to say , center by american standards , which is right wing for europe ) . 
  also , i think that to fully understand the pp one needs to mention that they group both followers of liberalism and the catholic crowd ( which is already covered under `` conservatives '' , but i 'd argue that catholic conservatives are somewhat different to the conservativism that other europeans are accustomed to ) . 
  and to be fair to them , although they receive far right votes they rarely follow racist or overtly nationalistic rethoric ; under rajoy they 've been reasonably moderate , save for a few specific issues ( abortion , the clusterfuck that was education under wert , and a couple more ) . 
  i would say a combination of madrid and barcelona . 
  it 's where innovation happens , where all the startups tend to be , where people migrate for work , where there are more cultural events happening , and if you compare them to smaller cities they are heavily progressive , even if electoral results do n't always align with it . 
   obesease is that a typo or a term for fatness as a disease ? 
   a lot of people , especially kids , are fat . 
  not american-sized fat , but very fat . 
  i think that 's the perfect description . 
  you never ( or almost never ) see extreme levels of obesity - nothing that makes walking difficult or that makes people unable to buy clothes that are n't circus tents . 
  however , the average person is fatter today than it used to be . 
  we do have a good diet in general , even if fast food use has increased , but the average lifestyle is really inactive . 
  i barely know adults that exercise regularly , and the only relation most people have with sports is watching them on tv . 
  we 're saved by lots of walking , but it 's nowhere near enough . 
  it exists , but i have n't hear anyone use it to speak about non-madrilians ... at most pueblerino , but that 's a whole different concept , it would describe people from very rural environments . 
  no one would consider tarragona or malaga despectively for not being a capital . 
  it seems to me that with his face , looks , posture and way of moving he should be doing awkward characters , like in adaptation ; yet he plays action characters . 
  it 's like watching woody allen play wolverine , while not being self aware . 
  when have you heard someone from madrid using the word provincial ? 
  in consistency with our usual character , we mostly have internal rivals . 
  no war like a civil war . 
  they say we 're lazy , but, 
   at the risk of sounding stuck up , i think i can say with confidence that i will never go to spain because of this . 
  which is a shame , because it is a very beautiful place , and i 'm sure many spanish people disapprove of the practices . 
  a huge majority , specially among the young . 
  it 's a shame that you would n't consider coming , because tourism is one of the arguments for keeping bullfighting . 
  we need the kind of tourists that find it repulsive to surpass those that go to see it . 
  euro , pitchfork edition . 
  madrid 's graff style should actually be paid far more attention to in art schools , because unlike most ( modern ) graff cultures around the world , it did n't derive from american style graffiti . 
  madrid 's native style ended up being overshadowed and eaten by american graffiti , but it 's an interesting parallel development . 
  there is a continuous fight to protect muelle 's tags as cultural heritage but the government does n't want to hear anything of it to avoid legitimating graffiti , which is a shame . 
   its justin bieber 's , i take it ? 
  not really , although if you look at / r/madrid half the posts are americans asking how to get into cannabis clubs or buy weed . 
  i find / r/europe far less horrible than general reddit though ... 
  although i can see how it would get old quite fast for someone from the uk . 
  brexit and refugees are the two topics where it gets tiresome . 
  it 's a hard question to answer for spain . 
  on the one hand , there is a clear cut ideological division here : the term `` las dos espa\u00f1as '' ( the two spains ) is commonly used , and you probably know that it 's even caused a civil war in somewhat recent history . 
  on the other hand , we have two advantages over other countries : - the first one is that the shadow of the civil war is still present , and it keeps both sides somewhat in check from moving towards extremism - which partly explains why we 've avoided the rise of the extreme right and why our left wing populism is quite tame . 
  - the second advantage is that in recent history we had a conservative party completely tainted by corruption and a progressive party that managed the economic recession horribly - normally , being frustrated with one party just caused the other to take government in an endless cycle of lesser evils , but those two disasters in succession caused people to be angered enough to break the bipartidist model , bringing more parties to congress . 
  as as result , we 're starting to get a renewed political environment , because just taking a right or left stance is n't enough when parties are battling their ground against other parties that share a chunk of your ideology - they now have to actually discuss specifics instead of hiding under partisanism . 
   i do n't think we send people to die very often in spain it depends . 
  is being fucked by a fish life threatening ? 
  we had ; again , blame austerity measures pushed by europe . 
  budget cuts went straight after social rights . 
  without disabilities ? 
  easy , 0 . 
  sometimes you do n't even get it if you 've worked . 
  i left my previous job after almost two years because they refused to increase the pay to adjust for my new experience to market levels , and i got 0 while i looked for a new job because technically i had n't been fired , i had refused to renovate the contract . 
  there is an unemployment pay ( quite low and lasts as a percentage of time previously worked ) , generally not nearly enough to sustain a person . 
  there are also benefits for people that are considered unfit to work , like a high degree of disability , also very low . 
  austerity has taken away pretty much every social protection we have , from disability help through legal fees to university scholarships , and driven up the cost of the non-free services as well .
