  but i there is n't many people i can talk to about that , because i end up saying something like `` is n't it wonderful ? 
  they 're basically shooting us in a metal can a quarter of the world away and landing with a precision of centimeters ! '' . 
  those comments are n't liked by people who fear flying and are already nervous . 
  sooo ... let 's ask the important question . 
  are we changing euro coins now ? 
  this is beyond stupid . 
  it 's not the first time it happens , it always comes from the same retarded idea : the justice system has decided that since the internet has the potential of being seen by masses of people , then posting something online is akin to publishing it in a newspaper or saying it on tv . 
  in accordance with that , they apply laws originally created to avoid public mocking of victims of terrorism in the media . 
  the fact that social networks are for the young regular speech like talking to a group of friends is ignored . 
  to top it off , they consider only the text of the joke and not the intent , and reject the petition by the very granddaughter of the affected person ( carrero blanco ) who asked for her absolution . 
  luckily the girl wo n't go to prison ( it does n't happen with punishments inferior to two years iirc ) but she 's still rendered unable to become a teacher , stripped of her scholarship and she has a criminal record now . 
   we are leaving the european union , but we are not leaving europe well no shit , it 's not like they 're going to start rowing . 
  that 's just british english for pure panic . 
  from the same school of expression that brought you `` the troubles '' . 
  the pah , that you call crazies , defends a constitutional right and has had their campaigns backed by the court of justice of the european union . 
  and i guess all corruption charges are now `` far left talking points '' ? 
  and not valid because the pp won the election ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
   should n't you be more concerned about u.s. president donald trump establishing a pact with russia ? 
   waszczykowski : trump said a lot of peculiar things during the campaign , to put it mildly . 
  that 's inspiring : no matter how much conversations go south , we as europeans can always fall back to shitting on the us in unity . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  now that you mention it ... 
  ah true , i forgot you 're the fourth reich now . 
  you need to get some sick uniforms and all to remind us . 
  precisely , [ and they pass you in exchange for promissing you 'll study during summer ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/07/27/inenglish/1469626787_621087.html ), 
   to become naturalized you need linguistic knowledge and historical/cultural knowlegde and stable conditions , aka having work . 
  my point is that it 's the state 's job to provide all of this ( except for having a job ) as part of * mandatory * education . 
  what if an ethnically german kid did n't learn german , or was taught , say , holocaust denialism because the parents are n't right in the head ? 
  would n't the state be justified to act to protect those children from stupidity ? 
  if the system was functioning properly a kid born in germany should n't have to prove he 's learned german and knows who was bismarck - by the time he becomes an adult , that is the case . 
  and if he has n't , the state has failed in its task . 
   then we can spend it on all the women and booze we want . 
  can i suggest spain ? 
  we 've got plenty of booze and women come for free . 
  i agree . 
  i think that if a person is born in country x , and has lived there all their life , then it 's a citizen of country x. 
  what is the claim here ? 
  that they are not german because the parents passed on their extremist views instead so they did n't become culturally german ? 
  we 're supposed to have educative systems that properly form students even if they have the bad luck of being born in shitty families , and protect them during their formation . 
  this is a massive failure . 
  i 'm all for a hard stance on terrorism , but stripping nationality should not be a punishment . 
  what 's more spanish than passing exams with a 4.9 mark ? 
  has there been a huge increase in puting critics and opposers being killed lately ? 
  or are the news just more focused on it for whatever reason ? 
  they have n't , but historically they used periods of emulating a negotiation for disarment to regroup , so a definite end is great news anyway . 
  the speeches are ok , it 's whenever he needs to improvise that shit hits the fan . 
  he completely panics whenever something is unpredictable , which also explains the plasma screen shitshow . 
  one wonders why going into politics with such limitations ... 
  what i do n't understand about this guy 's comments is that , even if the comments were n't unfair and offensive to souther europeans , it 's still a political shitshow . 
  * wasting money on women * ? 
  what is this , game of thrones ? 
  one would think that a person at the top of their political career would know better . 
  i keep suggesting that we invade the nederlands , give up and let them deal with the government , but nobody listens . 
  i completely agree , i would n't like having candidates ' choices tailored to attract votes by being women , minorities , or whatever ; and ( hopefully ) poll numbers partly reflect that . 
  if the best person for the job happens to fit one or several of those categories it 'll be welcome ofc . 
  you posted at 3am in europe . 
  and look , when americans send their people they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're sending altrights , redpills , cuck-shouters ; and some , i assume , are good people . 
  i missed the live debate , do you guys know if it 's available anywhere with english subs ? 
  i sent a message to the youtube channel that streamed it live but so far no answer . 
  last time the azores were acknowledged in the news we got tricked into going to iraq . 
  fool me once ... 
  dude , this is spain . 
  alcohol is cheap af and we do n't need to pay for women . 
  the canary islands ... 
  we go for chinese too . 
  i 'd think so , yes ; it was inaugurated while she was queen and i do n't recall any other queen sofia in our history . 
  queen sofia of spain ( past queen , since her husband abdicated a couple years ago ) is also greek . 
  i get your point , but you 'll at least agree that , even if learning the language is n't by itself enough proof of adequate integration , it is a necessary step towards it and so interest in learning the language certainly hints positive signs instead of negative , right ? 
  it 's not naivety , it 's blind support . 
  some people will * never * blame trump , no matter the circumstances . 
  i do n't know who that guy is , but i 'm willing to accept him as honorary spaniard . 
  i think you 're mistaken . 
  see , the thing is that picture 20 is near picture 21 , showing spain 's zapatero . 
  the back of my fridge would look sexy next to him . 
  well hello there norwegians ( danish too ! ), 
  what ? 
  who told you that ? 
  the alhambra 's construction was started by muhammad ibn nasr , does the name look native ? 
  the mezquita de cordoba , by abd ar-rahman the first , who was born in current day syria . 
  i could keep going . 
  we 've historically had far more contact with muslims than the rest of europe . 
  half our culture is made or affected by them . 
  ever heard of a spanish guitar ? 
  muslim contribution . 
  [ the alhambra , one of the main cultural treasures of spain ? 
  we 're simply too close to dehumanize them as criminal invaders . 
  plus you guys killed it with the whole `` america first , x second '' contest , that was cool as a coping mechanism too . 
  is the guy 13 ? 
  you started claiming post-truth , then when faced with a literal statement you choose to believe it 's just poor wording ... 
  i think at some point you should check if you 're just seeing in the guy something that is n't actually there . 
   i was referring mostly to pierce morgan interview . 
  i ca n't link the video now ( i 'm on mobile ) , but it was in parliament , an intervention that was replied by a spanish mp . 
  here 's the quote :  `` of course women must earn less than men because they are weaker , they are smaller and they are less intelligent , they must earn less , that ` s all , '' stated the 74-year-old mep . 
  let 's switch with poland . 
  sure , their leaders are n't the best , but it will be worth it just to see mariano try to speak polish . 
   view full list of cities fill out this form to see the rankings of 231 major cities around the world yeah nope . 
  i know , and i did n't say mess in a negative way , i 'm just asking about how to explain the whole structure quickly . 
  question to fellow europeans : when a foreigner asks ( or an uneducated european for that matter ) , how do you eli5 this mess for them in a few phrases ?
