  what about the dozens of non-economical extra benefits that a state can provide ? 
   it 's better to have conscription going before the emergency arises . 
  there might be a better solution sure , but that was n't your line of arguing earlier . 
  my line of arguing is that the state forcing citizens to work in what it needs contravenes the citizen 's right of freedom . 
  under a imminent emergency it could be argued that the citizen 's right to live is more important that their right to freedom and if the two collide the right of live prevails ; i can accept that argument . 
  however , no such need exists , and the state is perfectly able to cover its needs with volunteers by improving their conditions ; it is therefore not good for it to vulnerate basic rights over what 's basically a matter of convenience . 
  being democratic is not the only requirement for something to be acceptable . 
  and there is something deeply undemocratic about accepting a decision for which only non-voters are directly affected and that is n't taken specifically for their own good : people affected are those still to turn 18 and so wo n't even get to vote once before conscription . 
  taxation at least only affects people that can actively take part in the democratic process , and leaves a great deal of freedom about * how * to pay the state . 
   if the country needed us to spend a year planting vegetables then yes , i would be for it . 
  i do n't think the majority would agree with you at all , unless it was an imminent need ( extreme famine or something similar ) . 
  sweden is not in any state of emergency and could solve the problem by improving the offer for voluntary workers , they just go for a lazier approach . 
   i take it that you also disagree with the concept of prison ? 
  prison exists for the individual 's needs too ( rehabilitation ) , and yes , i am against the concept of prison that does n't involve rehabilitation . 
   i do n't have any say over where i 'm born yet i have to follow the laws or i 'll be imprisoned . 
  that argument is n't very good , since it could be used to justify literally any overstepping done by the government . 
  `` i am not 100 % free anyway , therefore the whatever the state does is not an attack to my freedom '' . 
  it is not , when the army can be maintained by volunteer workers and there is no immediate threat . 
  the state is just refusing to provide a competitive incentive to join the military and going through the quick solution by forcing people to get in . 
  it is a serious overstepping of authority . 
  so is keeping streets clean , that does n't authorize you to force your citizens to mop them . 
   in fact , it seems like knowing how to operate the weapons of one 's time and how to survive in the countryside is a more basic skill than reading . 
  i find that statement absurd , to be honest . 
  how many people do you know that earn their income by working ? 
  how many swedes earn a living hunting in the wilderness ? 
  but that 's a pointless discussion anyway . 
  even if you defend that the kids can benefit from the process , surely you 'll agree that the state is n't introducing conscription to help the kids ' personal development , right ? 
  the state itself does n't claim that . 
  so then the state is clearly making use of a year of their citizens ' life because it fits the state 's needs of human resources . 
  even if remunerated , that 's basically slavery . 
  none of that negates the fact that the state is choosing what the individual should do for the next year based on its own needs . 
  forced labor is still forced if you decide to remunerate it . 
  what if you were forced to go to the countryside and grow vegetables because farmers get a low salary and not many of them want do to it ? 
  will you consider that ok ? 
  why should the military be any different ? 
  school is considered necessary to guarantee your education , and to give you an opportunity to earn a living and care for yourself . 
  there is no reason to believe that conscription is done to help your personal development , it is purely doing work for the state for free . 
  questions that come to mind : - is there any kind of full piece that will come from his findings ? 
  ( article , documentary , whatever ) ? 
  where i can get the full picture ? 
  ( or is he only doing twitter messages and small videos ) . 
  - is the journalist reputable / any chance that he 's working with the guy who offered the money ? 
  - what 's exactly rinkeby ? 
  is it a large neighbourhood taken by a huge immigrant population ? 
  is it representative of a large chunk of areas in sweden or just a particularly bad corner of malmo ? 
  to be clear i 'm not doubting the reporting , just wanting more info about it . 
  the quiz is set per article to make sure that users read the actual link before commenting on it . 
  just informing people who would n't pass the test :p, 
  that myth has been consistently debunked , and its main proponent is a canadian doctor known for supporting for trasgender kids the very same methods that were applied decades ago to `` straighten '' homosexual kids ( conversion therapy ) . 
  i 'll post a full reply later ( sorry , i 'm on mobile ) but to clarify this part :   and as for the `` meddling in internal affairs '' part of your claim , if you read the article you 'll see this paragraph :  what ? 
  please show me what exactly is the part of my claim about `` meddling in internal affairs '' , when i wrote those words or anything in that sense whatsoever . 
  i never did - hence why you did n't quote it this was the quote i was referring to :  is there just not a concern over an organization like the eu directly interfering in the politics of one of its member nations ? 
  which is the post i originally replied to ; i thought you were the op . 
  that depends on the definition of illness , but even if you take it as one , then the only possible cure is matching the body to the mind . 
  i think all people would agree that when losing a part of their body , the piece that is still him/her is the one that holds the brain . 
  but even if that was n't true , the fact of the matter is that current medical science can switch a body but not a mind , so there is n't really a choice to be made . 
  i am pretty sure that no part of my post tried to convince the world that your identity is a mental illness or a lie . 
   studies beginning with zhou in 1995 have found that trans women 's brain structure ( volume and density of neurons ) is similar to cisgender ( cis ) women 's and unlike cis men 's , and trans men 's is similar to cis men 's , even when controlling for hormone use . 
   studies have also found that both androphilic and gynephilic trans women 's brain function and responses are like cis women 's and unlike cis men 's , or are intermediate between the two . 
  likewise , studies such as rametti 's have found that trans men have male-like white matter patterns ( even before using hormones ) , regardless of sexual orientation . 
  transgenderism , by current medical understanding , is basically having a male brain in a female body ( or vice versa ) . 
  you are a kid dealing with the constant harassment derived of being transexual , and an organization pays for a ads to convince citizens that your very identity is a lie and/or mental illness . 
  ca n't you see how that can be cause psychological harm and counters the childrens ' right to dignity and personal development ? 
  freedom of speech should definitely not cover stepping over other people 's freedom . 
  we go overboard with it sometimes ( banning holocaust jokes , etc ) but this should definitely not be covered . 
   how boring can your life be have you ever attended catholic mass ? 
  great news . 
  i just ca n't unsee the french lineup as a tlotr quote . 
  `` macron , son of fillon , heir of hamon , lord of melenchon '' . 
  see the other reply - our pm is techinally presidente del gobierno . 
  for some reason we do n't use the term president for the head of state as most other countries do . 
  do n't take this one , he seems more competent than our elected leaders so far . 
   you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  what i said :  secession is illegal what your jurisprudence says :  in texas v. white , the united states supreme court ruled unilateral secession unconstitutional , while commenting that revolution or consent of the states could lead to a successful secession . 
  so , short of specific consent , it is illegal.i never claimed that advocating for it is also illegal , just that it 's a more extreme conversation to have than leaving the european union , which has a specific channel for that to happen . 
  i do n't quite understand why you went on to ramble about the definition of treason btw , that has n't come up anywhere in the conversation . 
  as for the eu 's hypothetical misbehavior , i do n't understand why you 're missing the key point in this discussion : * le pen did break the law . 
  * the eu is not making up charges against her . 
  and as for the `` meddling in internal affairs '' part of your claim , if you read the article you 'll see this paragraph :  ** responding to a request from the french judiciary , ** the eu meps in the legal affairs committee voted to lift her immunity , eu officials said . 
  i think the fbi 's relation with clinton is not at all similar to le pen 's relation to the eu - and i 'm not talking about ideology here . 
  a better comparison would be a conservative state leader in the us running for governor with a pro-secession campaign , and the federal government being extra attentive about his movements and finding out that he 's misused federal funding and he 's refusing to give back the misused money . 
  the federal government obviously will throw everything the law allows against such a candidate . 
  granted , the us version would be more extreme since secession is illegal , but other than that i think it is accurate . 
  as for :  is there just not a concern over an organization like the eu directly interfering in the politics of one of its member nations ? 
  or is it ok in this case because of the political leanings of the party le pen leads ? 
  i think in this case some degree of interference is to be expected and morally acceptable , not because of le pen being extreme right , but because of her specifically working against the eu . 
  i do n't think it is unreasonable or illegitimate for the eu to work for it 's own survival , as long as it does so without breaking the law . 
  ah yes , i forgot that central europe has tons of turkish communities . 
  here in spain turkey is not even in the top 30 by number of immigrants : most immigration here comes from china , latin america , eastern europe and morocco ( plus the retirement crowd from the uk and germany ) . 
  was he ? 
  i wa n't following international politics as much back then , i only remember him from having a hot wife and some kind of scandal regarding the deportation of gypsies . 
  well , to be fair turkey is quite more important for us than it is for the us : it borders the eu , [ has tried to become a member for some time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union ) , and sits on a very important geographical location ( it 's a middle point between asia , africa and europe with access to the mediterranean sea ) . 
  it also borders syria and irak , which causes it to have an important role in the large migrations that are happening nowadays . 
  and , well ... you 've had your fair share of national news to cover lately . 
  ah yeah , i thought you were confused about him being awkward . 
  yes , we technically have a president , although international news usually refer to him as spains ' pm for the reason you mentioned . 
  ignored ? 
  i see news about it several times a week . 
  yes ? 
  i do n't understand the question .
