  i am debating the idea that this view justifies ignoring not only the law , but human rights . 
  no matter how much you think your government is compromising your cultural homogeneity , you have no right to organise and/or fund manhunts , ask for `` revenge '' against an ethnical or cultural group , or otherwise engage in illegal discrimination . 
  do you have any proof of it being fake , or have you just decided what the truth is according to your gut ? 
  there we go again . 
   same can be sayd about the ones that fallow islam and this could be avoided no , it ca n't . 
  it can be said about terrorists and radicals , not about followers of a religion that includes 22 % of the world 's population . 
  equating 1.6 billion people with criminals is xenophobic no matter how you try to frame it . 
   if a daughter of some father was raped by an immigrant isint he allow to have an opposing view of immigration ? 
  is he a fascist or a xenophobe because he dosent want people like that in his country ? 
  because his daughter was raped ? 
  is it his fault ? 
  his daughter would be raped by a criminal . 
  that criminal is to blame . 
  no one else in any of the groups he is a part of is to blame . 
  there is no `` people like that '' , there is a criminal . 
   if his only option is taking revenge on the muslins that did this to his daughter is he a xenophobe ? 
  if he is extending the blame to 2.2 billion people because they share a creed , a country of origin , or a color of skin , then yes , he is . 
   if you do something . 
  something happens and an opposite force is created from the thing you have done that happen . 
  i 'm sick of the idea that fascism and xenophobia are somehow a form of nature whose appearance is justified . 
  `` this is what happens when you let immigrants in '' is as much of an argument as `` she was raped , this is what happens when you wear those clothes '' . 
  immigration is a problem ? 
  it is . 
  should the problem be tackled ? 
  yes . 
  but this is a group of persons , each of which intelligent adults that decided that they could fund manhunts over a group of people , and they should be put in jail for it . 
  there is no excuse for ignoring the rights of an entire group of people because of what someone unrelated did . 
  so you are an avid defensor of the law , and you show that by funding illegal militias . 
  do you think that a person that 's breaking the law has suddenly no legal rights that should be respected ? 
  that you can do what you want as long as it only affect those who you consider to be criminals ? 
  it 's not news that old people vote more than young people . 
  i 'm wondering , though , to what extent the inversion of the population pyramid is to blame for these matters . 
  oh good . 
  we 've gone into literal manhuntings now . 
  i 'm dying to see the reasoning why this somehow wont be xenofobic either . 
  and they 're named the knights templar . 
  the klan used to call themselves wizards . 
  whats with these retards and roleplaying ? 
  people in jail = no islamic attacks too . 
  we can choose that other way . 
  [ or is there any particular reason why articles 9 and 14 can be broken but article 2 ca n't ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_convention_on_human_rights#article_5_-_liberty_and_security ), 
  well , if i understand it well the job of a senator is going to be easy to do anyway - they are basically demoting the senate to an `` advisory role '' where at most they can slightly delay laws from being passed , but never stop them ( to avoid entering a deadlock with congress ) . 
  all senators could then be absent permanently and it would n't make much of a difference . 
  the real question becomes then , why do you need a senate in the first place ? 
  here in spain , a lot of people actually call for its dissolution : the most popular view is that it 's just a retirement place for old politicians where they get a good salary while doing just symbolic work . 
  if i were italian i would be more troubled about the fact that a winning party is guaranteed a majority in congress . 
  it sounds antidemocratic to vote a party in , and then give them full free reign for 5 years by default ; and if the parties are sufficiently fragmented , you just need to have more votes than the others to govern , even if you were voted by a minority ; which would pave the way for a populist uprising . 
   to begin with , the senate would not be elected . 
  instead , most of its members would be picked from regional lawmakers and mayors by regional assemblies . 
  regions and municipalities are the most corrupt layers of government , and senators would enjoy immunity from prosecution . 
  that could make the senate a magnet for italy 's seediest politicians . 
  that 's , word for word , one of the main concerns about corruption in spain . 
  just to name one example , rita barbera ( the politician that died earlier this week ) was usually accused of refusing to step down as a senator because it made her , to a certain extent , immune to the law . 
  several parties carried in their program the repeal of this kind of immunity during the past elections . 
  it probably is . 
  and yet the map shows us as favorable to russia . 
  what was being actually voted was a resolution to counteract russian propaganda , and the author assumes that the states that oppose such a resolution are pro-russia , so to speak . 
  i 'm arguing that it 's not a valid connection . 
  instead , i interpret the map as western states being oblivious to europe-russia relations . 
  that 's why in the map you can see an almost direct relation between physical closeness to russia and support for the motion . 
  in central and eastern europe , russian propaganda might be agreed to be an issue , talked about in the press , and each country might have a formed opinion about it ; but in spain , there is absolutely no knowledge of that issue either way . 
  it is simply not brought up . 
  i assume that the argument is valid in most other states . 
  when you propose a law to limit some theoretical propaganda that no one has heard about , that regulation seems to appear out of thin air , and people will just worry about what it means for freedom of speech , etc. 
  they 'll think of it as some kind of excuse to introduce censorship , because they are unaware of the problem it 's trying to solve . 
  it can be taken as an homage , since castro is famous for the quote `` la historia me absolver\u00e1 '' ( history will absolve me ) . 
  i think this does n't really imply support for russia . 
  in spain i think no one has ever heard about russian propaganda , yet the country is not seen favorably ( the general view is that of a country where the mafia is in power ) . 
  we just have no direct contact with them . 
  the two things are n't necessarily related . 
  i got into so many arguments about this . 
  there is an opt-out system , but most people here are not aware and i 've had a lot of people raise shit about how that is n't possible ( even after reading the law to them ) . 
  what the fuck man ? 
  hahaha that 's absurd in so many ways . 
  i do n't disagree either , i 'm just angry about the discussion . 
  on both parts , because rufi\u00e1n is being way too theatrical , but completely ignoring the question is not democratic , and doing that when you have a minority in congress and you need the approval of others to pass the new budget is ridiculous . 
  this is the most surrealist thing i 've seen in a long time . 
  you know shit 's fucked when you read an actual quote and you think it 's a parody . 
  he speaks like a cartoon character . 
   `` after the death of a woman and her son on their tent caused by the explosion of a gas ( cilinder ? ) '', 
  i 'm translating shittily from portuguese , but i think it 's a form of protest over what they consider to be dangerous living conditions , as there are 16.000 people crowded in a space thought for about 7.500 . 
  they want to make the news to bring attention to their situation i guess . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot , op provided translation :p, 
  i can see how they could have a point if the products harm the country 's image . 
  if a foreign company starts selling shitty dildos with the name of your country and as a result your country becomes known as the land of shitty dildos , you have a right to be pissed about it i think . 
  oh god the last one . 
  do you happen to have a recipe ? 
  the guy is quite a drama queen , but i think his data is fair . 
  some commenters here have dismissed it as fake and populist without any research at all . 
  there , the 13.3 million people classified as `` in risk of poverty and social exclusion '' are those who have to live with less than 4.500 euros a year ( 330 a month ) . 
  the data is published in national tv and comes from the european anti poverty network . 
  i do n't know how they define child poverty because the link in the article is dead , but they mention that if affects 33.4 % of children . 
   like how he went off on the psoe but given how things are , there 's a not insignificant chance of being able to go with them to form a new government if things go wrong in the future . 
  at this point most politicians regard the psoe as two parties : the sector lead by sanchez and the one that took him down . 
  i think he was trying to shame the voters of the first sector into not accepting the new leadership . 
  i completely disagree . 
  the easier the question is , the more reason you have to answer it decently . 
  we already now the result of underestimating populism , dont we ? 
  i think my country has a serious problem of lack of democratic tradition .
