just follow the link he gave you . 
  there are the words and the page that makes the cloud . 
  the german one is an ice ( intercity express ) , not a regular ic ( intercity ) . 
  you could do a replacement service that many did . 
  but to me this would not have been less of a time waster and i do n't like to lie , which is basically the only way to do it . 
  at least after you passed the physical and psychological examination . 
  i think just a handful of my friends also did the military service and most people the replacement service since it allowed you to stay close to home . 
  it was 2 month longer though it payed better . 
  german here , had to do 10 month service in 2000/2001 . 
  to me it was a complete waste of time . 
  you 're right , there is a difference between absolute and relative poverty . 
  but in western europe ( and probably a lot of other countries ) i do n't think it means you do n't get a decent education . 
  i mean in germany we even have compulsory education and if you want , even the poorest household can go to university with a student loan where you do n't even have to pay everything back ( what you have to pay back is even without interest ) . 
  and even the unemployed get shelter and food payed for . 
  most long time unemployed probably get a lot less then 980 , - $ and live close or below the poverty line . 
  but my point was how 980 , - $ is poverty . 
  half of the world would give a lot to live in this poverty that only means you ca n't have a holiday if you wo n't relinquish some other luxury . 
  in the linked article the 980 , - $ was for a single household . 
  for 2 adults with 2 children it 's 2058 , - $ . 
  which is not a lot but to me this is not poverty . 
  how is this calculated ? 
  are there children , students , unemployed etc. 
  people included ? 
  what does count as vacation ? 
  do they mean a longer trip far away or the long weekend in a city relatively close to you ? 
  i love how easily numbers get tossed around without any background information whatsoever . 
  numbers without context mean nothing . 
  in the linked spiegel article they mention the value for poverty is 980 , - $ . 
  i ( and a lot of other people i know ) lived from far less and still could afford small holidays during our time at university . 
  of course this does n't work if you own a big car , smoke etc. 
  while you do n't have a lot of income . 
  i 'm not saying there are not a lot of people who live under bad circumstances but these numbers seem very high and populist . 
  at least the numbers for germany i have seen are very far fetched and thus i assume the rest is also . 
  russia : 45 austria : 17 to 33 ( abortions per year per 1000 fertile women ) however they mention that austrian numbers are only estimates because you do n't have to notify authorities for that and therefore there are no actual numbers . 
  while poland had the most appealing plot the bearded lady had an amazing voice and would actually make a really good bond villain . 
  sorry , i do n't see what is funny about a picture of your moms dildo . 
  i was a bit disappointed when i found out the players name are n't so difficult to pronounce as your volcanos names are . 
  but i always like underdog teams and i 'll cheer for you ( as long as you 're not playing against germany ) . 
  i 'll go with italy . 
  i really thought hard about that question . 
  but i could n't decide on one favorite . 
  i traveled a lot in western an central europe and there are mostly nice places and people everywhere . 
  as there are also some ugly places and rude people everywhere . 
  so i have to pick italy just because they gave me two of my favorite things . 
  pizza and pasta . 
  and they make great ice cream . 
  i would n't know how german sounds to a non native speaker but even as a german i do n't like the language or accent or whatever it is that they try to sell as german in movies . 
  sometimes i even need the subtitles to understand what is supposed to be my native language . 
  also i mostly dislike a strong german accent in other languages . 
  so maybe that is why a lot of people think they do n't like german . 
  with german and french as an official language could n't you count english as the first foreign language ? 
  so this is assuming the 1st foreign language is english . 
  which should be correct for every non native english speaker . 
  but what 's the first language for the brits ? 
  / edit thanks for the answers . 
  i am ashamed of myself and should learn to read more carefully . 
   register to continue reading or subscribe for unlimited access no thanks, 
  well said . 
  your edit i mean . 
  i do n't respect her more or less after this , i just do n't care about that gesture . 
  and think which politician you would prefer . 
  someone who does n't give a shit about flags but want to do the best for the country or someone who always waves a flag but screws the citizens every time he ( or she ) can and does n't keep made promises . 
  i am not saying merkel is one or the other but that waving or not waving a flag does n't mean a lot and fortunately most germans know this . 
  i have no problems with people waving flags , i just do n't care because it does n't make the one behind the flag more or less a good person . 
  there are times where flags have been used for good things and times where they have been abused for very wrong reasons . 
  to me personally every time i see a politician with a flag to me it looks more like he is hiding behind it trying to persuade voters with false national pride rather than with good politics . 
  love skiing there . 
  and as a german they almost speak my language , 
  natural oil reserves with that kind of money we could solve a lot of problems . 
  if you believe it is bullshit why did you post it ? 
  as someone who grew up in k\u00f6ln ( 2nd in the list ) and moved later to m\u00fcnster which is known as a very rainy city ( but not in the list ) i was curious . 
  and it seems that 263 days of rain in k\u00f6ln was in 2004 . 
  2001 it was 206 where the average was about 193 . 
  so i guess the list is not really bullshit but only has a very limited and no real informative value . 
  as a german with relatives in france i would swear going by train there is a lot cheaper . 
  even the thalys from cologne to paris through multiple countries is cheaper than my train to cologne which is only half the distance . 
  so i would also like to know the basis of this . 
  german here . 
  we do n't make jokes . 
  i 'm pretty sure that was confirmed in a survey . 
  but if we did it would have been more about netherlands than about poland . 
  as a german i can have my skiing vacations there without having to learn a completely new language . 
  small correction . 
  it is `` gurke '' in germany with a capital g. 
  i 'm 1,75 . 
  a girl once told me that every man gets 2 m and i just allocated them right . 
  which may be a bit exaggerated but not that much . 
  i know that this is a tradition in many families in germany . 
  but as one of the minority families who has just a big good dinner even i still ca n't believe that this is a thing . 
  and it 's not like meh , potato salad and sausages again . 
  people are really looking forward to this . 
  http://www.princeton.edu/main/news/archive/s26/91/22k07/ there is even a scientific proof that high-fructose corn syrup is worse than regular sugar . 
  which is as an example in most soft drinks and in a lot of junk food , which we were talking about . 
  but it is a less expensive sweetener what is good so you can offer tons of this with your junk meals . 
  there are also tons of other effects because the fructose part is larger than in regular sugar . 
  i 'd be totally ok with me if they put fat peoples pictures on junk food packages . 
  but it 's a bit different . 
  smoking is bad for you . 
  even if you just smoke a bit . 
  and you are often affecting your surroundings .
