  i do n't want to sound like an anti-russian , but the recent violations of swedish and finnish air space and russia 's unwillingness to retreat it 's troops from transnistria and georgia , concern me . 
  we need nato ( and i 'm nowhere near an americanophile ) . 
  unless we are willing to spend trillions of trillions of euros on weapons , and risk triggering another cold war . 
  so everybody thinks it , but nobody is saying it ? 
  swedes , please explain . 
  maybe . 
  but the joke was about austrians being [ evil ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e38mryb.png ) ( thumbs up for badly made polandball :( ), 
  * hitler * fritzl * priklopil * jurg haider * heinz christian strache * arnold schwartzenegger : dddddddd ( edit : ) ps : i hope you have a sense of humour, 
  utter lack of respect for western values . 
  i 'd much rather have that , than grey commie blocks . 
  and they do n't look as ridiculous as you think . 
  they 're quite fine . 
  jesus christ people , you live in such cozy , intimate and beautiful cities . 
  and i live in such a mess . 
  commie blocks everywhere , garbage , and the old beautiful buildings in degradation . 
  meh , weak argument . 
  it 's a matter of perspective . 
  chomsky and libertarians call it master-slave . 
  rousseau and statists prefer to say that `` we have leaders , not rulers '', 
  i 'm sorry , have i made an apology or any kind of argument in favour of communism ? 
  i just said how it works , according to marx 's theory . 
  the capitalist state makes room for socialist state . 
  and then the socialist state evolves into communism ( no state ever reached this level , because the so-called commies never wanted that , but it 's utopian to begin with ! ), 
  why should n't we treat communists with the same disdain ? 
  simple . 
  they 're not a threat for democratic values ( they 're all for it ) , unlike fascists . 
  if you mean punishing the dictators and those who ruthlessly exploited and kept democracy away from us in the name of `` communism '' then i 'm all for it . 
  feudalism -  capitalism -  socialism -  communism . that 's how it works , and where you were wrong . 
  so from the comments i conclude that she saved british economy , but ruined people and created huge inequality . 
  pretty hard to draw a conclusion ( economics are are not my field ) . 
  i 'm a geopoliticsfag , and from this point of view she was a monster : pinochet , apartheid , argentina , saddam hussein , opposing german unification . 
  not to mention the troubles . 
  edit : spelling problems . 
  bad but does n't matter . 
  you can live anywhere in the eu + no required visa for usa . 
  and switzerland . 
  til, 
  ` murrica ? 
  i thought they talked about swedes :d, 
  * i do n't think it can work in the `` opposite '' direction as you said . 
  i recall that after the impeachment referendum here it failed , the frustration among those who wanted the president gone grew bigger . 
  * i do n't know very well the context in which scotland and england united so i 'll not argue anymore . i want to add that i did n't mention `` failed '' , but `` served '' . 
  in a symbolic manner * i stand my ground sir , i ask legitimate questions !, 
  well backfire means that 'll increase the separatist sentiment across uk and europe . 
  the purpose is subjective . 
  but the main purpose is brotherly cooperation between the 4 countries, 
  i do n't think it 'll succeed . 
  moreover , for me it 's completely irrational ( but i 'm an outsider , so i do n't count ) . 
  but it raises two questions : will this situation backfire ? 
  if so , does that mean that the uk served it 's purpose ? 
  [ yep , they really like europeans ] ( http://www.ndtv.com/article/cities/british-tourist-jumps-from-hotel-balcony-in-agra-to-escape-sexual-assault-344306?pfrom=home-lateststories ), 
  i ca n't wait the polandball comic that will result of this . 
  when will iceland join eu ? 
  what 's the public opinion ? 
  if it 's negative , why ? 
  if you want to , what/who keeps you outside ? 
  norway gave us the nobel peace prize . can you feel the hypocrisy ? 
  not to mention it 's serious business . 
  only mircea eliade refused to repudiate his ideology, 
  just for the lulz :d, 
  not to mention violence is not big in our culture.because let 's admit it . 
  ` muricans do n't own guns solely for self-defence . they like violence . 
  if they practice those parts of sharia that do n't come in conflict with our culture & laws , nobody would mind.like christians do . 
  chans are full of of politically incorrect dudes?regarding your last sentence i give you karl popper : you ca n't be tolerant to intolerance . 
  it was a joke , i 'm sorry you could n't tell ... 
  quote from krautchan : `` first halal homes , next halal netherlands '', 
  he 's not exaggerating . however , before the impeachment of mihai razvan ungureanu at the end of april , many members from pdl moved to usl . 
  same shit , almost the same assholes . 
  more of palestine because of our communist past . 
  szekelys will get their deserved autonomy in the near future , i bet my life on that.anyway , we could 've simply said no.we have nothing to gain from palestine, 
  it 's definitely a change.romania is a traditional partner of palestine.mind you , i believe the world had enough of their non-sense . it 's very clear that it 's a religious war . 
  [ finland finland finland !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgwqtwhs2ky ), 
  you meant alabama ? 
  1953 . sorry for that :(, 
  / r/polandball is joking about the anschluss and we 're discussing bavarian separatism.ironic.on topic : i ca n't say i 'm for or against it.if an independent bavaria is what people want , and nothing can be done for an united germany , then go for it . 
  i know , but since voting is not mandatory , we must do something to assure people are properly represented . 
  i am.you should n't . also , the `` uninominal referendum '' was invalidated due to low turnout . 
  * you do n't reach the threshold , as the law requires , you do n't count.sorry . 
  * i never said that , and i 'm no fan of basescu.usl knew the stake was to get over 50 % of citizens to vote.they failed . 
  2007 referendum was also invalidated ( although +70 % voted for basescu ) , because it failed to reach the 50 % +1 threshold.but you do n't remember that . 
  i like it how you ignore the other 10 million people, 
  ha , the original joke was about americans . 
  in my opinion we should built a new city to be capital of the federation.either that , or paris . 
  * should not be : timo soini , soeder & dobrindt ( they 're what you 'd expect from a german elitist ) and tsipras ( unfit as a pm , but not dangerous ) * special mention : heinz-christian strache ( a joke ) , and just maybe geert wilders ( i agree with some ideas ) * should be : lukashenko , putin , yanukovych , sali berisha and nikolaos michaloliakos, 
  cacarau too . 
  * rabble , rabble , i have no arguments , so i 'll make a lousy appeal to feelings , because i ca n't understand that stopping people from exercising a right , not people 's decision to do so , is undemocratic * . 
  i repeat : the president , as a citizen of romania , has the liberty of conscience and opinion.his opinion is that referendum was wrong.he asked , not obliged , people not to go.something undemocratic so far ? 
  soooo ... the fact that the president exercised his liberty of conscience and opinion is undemocratic.he has n't stopped anybody from going.because that would 've been undemocratic.i could care less about other politicians . 
  not voting is not undemocratic.is , at best , against civic duties.but then again , either the stake was unimportant or people were angry how it came down to the referendum and how usl embarrassed us . 
  is against civic duties.not against democracy . 
  it does n't necessarily.either the stake was unimportant , or people that sustained basescu and or hated usl boycotted the referendum , because of how it came down to a referendum and especially because usl embarrassed us in front of us and eu.things would 've gone the same path with or without basescu , because usl has the majority in parliament , and the pm is from usl.not to mention their control will be de facto , after the autumn 's elections.it was plain populism , to sell the illusion that the people got rid of basescu.by the way , ethnic hungarians had the lowest turnout here :p . we can thank orban for his support too , 
  fabri fibra is pretty cool, 
  this is my favourite : [ iris - corabia cu panze ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzcjvdkoz58 ), 
  ideas do n't kill people.crazy people with weapons do.and marxists do n't hate on people for their intrinsic proprieties ( like nazis & fascists do ), 
  `` bunica bate toba '' was better . 
  he just could n't make up his mind in which house from those 20 ( he said he owns ) to stay . 
  heheh , sneaky dutch people !, 
  i 'll try to be as objective as possible.it 's better to hear other opinions also , so you can form your own . 
  1 ) politicizing state institutions is nothing new.every government romanians elected did this.so you can relax about this .
