we have the same , but about chinese ( do n't ask why we have jokes about china . 
  we also have about scotland , somalia and albania ) . 
  but our problem was where to bury 1 bln chinese people . 
   he was n't jailed for being member of the pirate party he did n't say that  he was jailed for making money with illegitimate copies of others ' works . 
  even though they possibly did n't make anywhere near 45 million eur ( or usd ? ), 
  tpb was making money from adds and some sponsorship from carl lundstr\u00f6m . 
  you make it sound like they sold pirated copies . 
  which they did n't . 
   about that : i do n't see jimmy wales nor linus torvalds in jail what are you talking about ? 
   they try to co-opt a just cause/movement to legitimise their petty crimes . 
  that 's not ok . that 's just a shit move . 
  the question of intellectual property should be addressed , and bit-torrent did good in this sense . 
  the only guys that are doing petty crimes are the content distributors , who take the rights away from the content creators . 
  enough is enough . 
   tfw no far-right party to vote for , since prm is laughable and fucked pretty bad , and vadim ( true winner of 2000 electons ) is too much of a pretentious cocksucker, 
  great victory for the motherland , we have shown the world once again how much better than hungarians we are . 
  do you even history m8 ? 
  only russia and hungary ( 1918 ) had a communist revolution on eastern europe . 
  for the rest , communist regime was imposed by soviet union, 
  lol , the ` job creating ' argument . 
  in the mean time , the state lost the battle with fiscal evasion . 
  it 'll help only those already rich . 
  to be expected from our neoliberal ` social democratic ' party, 
  what terrorism ? 
  so instead of a coherent foreign policy we should destroy our habitat . 
  we should give you a nobel for that . 
  ep elections in romania are a freak show . 
  and the future looks bright : the illiterate former labour minster is candidating !, 
  how can you expect anybody to take them seriously ? 
  yea , after qualified people and [ bananas ] ( http://www.presseurop.eu/en/content/news-brief/298321-veritable-banana-republic ), 
   gypsies who would 've thought ? 
  so both . 
  yea it 's xenophobia . 
  so much better !, 
  i think they would all do the same, 
  [ yep ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa15ogycego ), 
  actually i do n't know why we 're called romania . 
  people used to call us rumania ( spain still does ) . 
   i can believe it if the parents are retired especially i think you meant not retired . 
  and yes pentions are low in romania , i think even lower than in hungary , but it also happen that children help their parents with some money for medicine . 
  more solidarity i guess . 
  parents do n't expect you to move out . 
  they help you through university , and after it . 
  i thought being neo-nazi , meant you 're an asshole by default . 
  what 's portugal importing ? 
  dude ... weak :(, 
  i get it now . 
  i gave you the impression that i 'm a right-winger . 
  what confused you in my original phrase ? 
  i consider eu neoliberal because it proved very fundamentalistic regarding economic policy , and i was mocking the people voting far-right because `` immigrants drive their country bankrupt '' ( non-sense imo ), 
  what 's your point ? 
   socialist alternative party : people thinking that north korea is a good example to follow are you serious ? 
  last time i checked they were very fond of chavez and correa . 
  i 'll consider voting for them . 
  either them or greens . 
  both . 
  neo-liberal eu shown it 's true colours , and there are some people here who just think their country might go bankrupt from all these immigrants wanting benefits . 
   without having fear of being arrested sticks and teargas of riot police are so much better right ? 
  nope french is most widely spoken in switzerland after german, 
  at the romanian language class , the teacher asks gyuri to make a sentence using the noun ` forest ' gyuri : i am of goings to the forest the teacher : but gyuri ... that 's not right !, 
  gyuri : ok , i am not of goings anymore then . 
  --------------------------------------------------------- a romanian shepherd was staying near a poisoned well . 
  suddenly a stranger approaches . 
  then the shepherd says on a worried tone : the shepherd : do n't drink this water !, 
  is poisoned !, 
  the stranger : nem tu dom ... 
  the shepherd : ok you can drink , but be careful , it 's a little cold . 
  ------------------------------------------------------------- q : is it true that gheorghe funar ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gheorghe_funar ) / wiki/gheorghe _ funar ) has hungarian blood ? 
  a : yes , on it 's car . 
  fun fact about funar : the first words of his nephew were in hungarian , because his nanny was hungarian :d, 
   if he was such a great general , why was he sent to what was regarded as nothing more than a secondary theatre by german high command ? 
  why did n't he fight were the decision over the fate of germany was made ? 
  that 's hardly an counter-argument against rommel . 
  he predicted that the allies will invade through normandy , after all . 
   he knew of the nature of the regime , but he retreated to his position of `` being a soldier , not a politician '' and washed his hands in innocence . 
  and he practiced what he preached : he refused to kill jewish people and he treated his prisoners with respect . 
  what ? 
  no estonia ? 
  charlie hebdo is pretty good too, 
  the difference is that canada negotiates with the whole eu , not with some countries in eu . 
  my mistake, 
  it 's only logical that free trade ( free movement of goods ) should come with free movement of people . 
  also , i might be wrong but regarding such matters , in the law is written eu ( and here is where discrimination comes : minus bulgaria , romania , croatia etc. ), 
  yeah !, 
  come to romania . 
  we have cookies !, 
  everything ( you do n't know how much i waited for this moment ) . 
  no shit captain obvious . 
  cold ... also dark . 
  it 's a sport event , not a political event . 
  let gay athletes boycott it if they want . 
  maybe a part of the press . 
  the other part ( i 've also heard this ) tried to `` rehabilitate '' us , mentioning romanians that contributed to french culture . 
  i 've heard french people make this confusion on purpose , to annoy us . 
  and assholes, 
  he converted to christianity because he thought islam was an intruder in europe . 
  also `` ca\u015fcaval '' which means cheddar and `` bastoane '' which means canes , for values bigger than 100 lei . 
   we are a small but passionate team working together from transylvania ( romania ) i do n't know what your problem is , the article is about wildlife.besides , szeklers , hungarians and saxons always identified with transylvania . 
  does their regional identity bother you ? 
  i support it ( you can even try to form an european group ) , but frankly , it 's a little too unrealistic .
