the eu is the worlds second largest military spender spending $ 10bn more than china and russia combined and 3 times more than russia alone . 
  we spend the same per capita on the nhs in the uk as the us does on medicare and medicaid . 
  america has n't been europe 's sword and shield for a long time . 
   americans are quite war-weary so is the uk given how we 've ended up getting roped into your shit for the last decade and a half . 
   i wish the us would just cut and run just to see how europe reacts when the us isnt going to sugar daddy their defense any longer . 
  we 'd do quite well thankyou given the eu is the worlds second highest spender on its military . 
  we would of course stop providing you icbm tracking coverage for chinese and russian nuclear missiles coming over the north polar and eastern paths . 
   yet , in the uk it 's only one year . 
  sorry but you 're wrong . 
  its not has been 1 year in the uk since soga was introduced in 1979 . 
  it is `` the reasonable expected lifetime of a product '' which can be up to 6 years in the case of white goods . 
  it applies to absolutely everything except perishable and consumable goods . 
  so it does n't apply to food ( perishable ) or rechargeable batteries ( consumable ) for example . 
  that was n't the justification given . 
  it was done solely for land and resource grabbing . 
  when christopher columbus returned he did n't say to the king of spain `` i 've found people to convert to christianity '' instead he pointed to the ship load of goods and said `` look what i 've found ! '', 
   literally every european nation has their own skeletons in the closet of imperialism . 
  however unlike the us we did n't claim we were doing it to better the world . 
   by midday , about 2000 troops -- 1,200 from saudi arabia and 800 from the united arab emirates -- ** entered bahrain as part of a force operating under the aegis of the gulf cooperation council **, 
   according to wikipedia , 40 % of the uk 's power generation relies on gas : [ indeed it does ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_power_stations_in_england ) as on this list ccgt is gas turbine . 
  however if you sort that list by output and look at everything that has `` yorkshire and the humber '' in the region it supplies you 'll find three of the top 10 are in that list including number 1 . 
  geographically gainsborough is also within 50 miles of me , hence 4 in the top 10 , but it serves the east midlands . 
  not where i live . 
  there are well over a dozen power stations within 50 miles of where i live , including the largest power station in the uk , drax , and that runs on petcoke/biomass . 
  in fact i believe they 're all running on petcoke/coal/biomass . 
  given that four of top 10 highest outputting power stations are within 50 miles of me and they 're not running on gas then the lights wo n't be going out in my part of the uk . 
  ca n't recall the last time saudi arabia invaded a country . 
  2 ) i think we 've become too reliant on russian gas here in the uk so our ability to do anything meaningful is pretty much non-existent . 
  on a personal level it wo n't bother me a shit if they turn off the gas because i live in a house that still has a working chimney , can get wood burning stoves quite cheaply and know where i can get an endless supply of wood to use on it so i wo n't freeze next winter . 
  we had full on vikings where i live . 
  there 's even a place called danes dyke about 20 miles away where they used to land . 
  yes . 
  there were 37 people killed in just one incident in mexico when a wind turbine tower fell onto a bus . 
  the total number of deaths from wind turbine related incidents stands around 1500 . 
  the number of deaths directly attributable to chernyobl are standing at 64 according to unscear . 
  the number of cases of cancer possibly caused by chernyobl europe wide stands at 0.01 % of all cancer cases according to the peer reviewed international journal of cancer . 
  they predict 41,000 cases of cancer related to chernyobl in the next 50 years as opposed to several hundred million from other causes . 
  note this is just the chance of getting cancer , not dying from it . 
  there are no deaths from radiation exposure from the fukushima incident . 
  the who states a 0.5 % rise in the risk of thyroid cancer for girls , a 6 % increase of risk of breast cancer and a 7 % increase in risk of leukemia in males however all of these only apply to those who were babies at the time of the incident . 
  how does an independent scotland benefit a northern english county ? 
   and nuclear price doesnt account for major accidents , which are paid by tax payers there 's been more deaths in the wind power sector than in the nuclear . 
  my brother has solar water heating panels on the roof of his house . 
  in one of the coldest winters we 've had in recent years he needed to use the gas heating for just a week . 
  global warming seems to be playing its part here in the uk . 
  where i live we 've pretty much just experienced the first real frosts of winter . 
   but sure , it 's the lack of taxpayer 's free money that starved him to death no it was n't . 
  he had # 40 a week to live on . 
  that is enough money to buy food and pay for electricity in the uk . 
  atos do n't make the benefit decisions ... 
  he had a food phobia ... 
  before everyone goes off on more of a rant than they already had , the guy had a food phobia . 
  he would likely have starved to death regardless . 
  to be honest i think not having to have the risk of a common currency is worth us foregoing getting scotlands share of the debt . 
  bailing them out could well cost us more , a lot more , than the $ 160bn their share is . 
  why did america do nothing to stop the british handing hong kong back to china given that it was one of the biggest financial markets in the world ? 
  more ammunition for ukip . 
  its like they 're deliberately trying to bolster the the no vote to ensure we vote to leave . 
   we were absolutely critical in assisting europe in libya , which europe ( or more specifically , certain european nations ) instigated and called for . 
  strange . 
  reporting in europe said that the us government had decided not to instigate action in libya because of further inflaming anti-american sentiment in the middle east , instead preferring to get france and the uk to . 
  white british is an ethnic minority in london , making up just 44 % of its residents . 
  there are 300 languages spoken there . 
  there are so many french people in london that technically it is [ france 's 6th biggest city . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-18234930 ) the [ 2011 census ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2246288/census-2011-uk-immigrant-population-jumps-three-million-10-years.html ) showed a rise of 3 million immigrants over a 10 year period . 
  7.5 million uk residents , 13 % of the population , were not uk born . 
  is this from the same paper who was warning us about them not long ago ? 
  yes , yes i am . 
  its all shaped our country over the centuries . 
  no , i mean invaded britain . 
  the roman empire occupied britain for donkeys years , greece was part of that empire . 
  scandinavians invaded britain as well . 
  yes . 
  do you understand english ? 
  i was pointing out that self employed romanians have been here for years too . 
   the usa is a single country with a single language , culture and history its far from that . 
  spanish is spoken almost exclusively in many areas as is dutch , not to mention areas where there 's a concentration of one community such as chinatown . 
  there are many different cultures in the usa , texas is completely different from new york . 
  the culture is different , the way of life is different , its history is different . 
   but what do , say , finns and italians or britons and greeks have culturally in common ? 
  given they 've all invaded britain at various points in its history , quite a lot . 
  bulgaria and romania are not in the schengen area so it should n't . 
  does he look like a muslim ? 
  yes : seize laptop . 
  does he look like a businessman ? 
  yes : seize laptop . 
  does he look a bit wierd ? 
  yes : seize laptop . 
  depends on how you view the eu . 
  if you view it as one entity , it is no different than an american being able to live and work in any state in the union . 
  indeed . 
  they 've already been here for years as have a load of self employed romanians . 
   fuck the hatters !, 
  i think you mean haters . 
  hatters are people who make hats and once upon a time would use mercury to shape them which eventually sent them mad from mercury poisoning , hence the phrase `` mad as a hatter . '', 
  ah good . 
  lots of bright well educated people by the looks of it . 
  1 ) indeed we did but unlike the usa , we actually stayed and ran the countries improving them as well as benefitting from them , not just invading them , completely destroying the infrastructure and then just walking away to leave it in a state of civil war . 
  2 ) not by the will of the people . 
  it cost a prime minister his political career .
