  they chose to destroy the data . 
  the feds did n't walk in and destroy the hard drives . 
  they oversaw it . 
  we are far from a police state . 
  given [ what has just been announced ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-23790578 ) , that the material scotland yard has already examined `` contains in the view of the police highly sensitive material , the disclosure of which would be gravely injurious to public safety '' it looks like they were right to take the actions they have . 
  do they ? 
  so why did miranda get sent by greenwald to meet with the film-maker purely for the purpose of transporting leaked documents back to greenwald ? 
  freedom of expression does not cover smuggling stolen secret intelligence data . 
  all that will happen is the ordinary man will just end up paying more tax to pay the fine . 
   he entire act was done by people with no concept of the internet . 
  most . 
  idiotic . 
  comment . 
  ever . 
  i question the figures . 
  my county council in england is at 60 % recycling for household waste . 
  shame that spending on art is n't a tax deductible expense in the uk . 
  how much time have you spent in france ? 
  although the method is unusual , smashing up slot machines is n't . 
  french are unbelievably and outwardly racist on the whole so it comes as no surprise . 
  if you want to see whether islam is problematic you need to look at the whole of the eu , not just what france says . 
   plus most benefit claimants see nothing like # 500/w . 
  if they 've a couple of kids a lot in london will but for most of the rest of the country unless you 're renting a mansion you 'll not be affected . 
  housing benefit is going to be the biggest decider in regards to whether you 're going to be affected or not . 
  an unemployed couple with two kids is going to get around # 300 a week in total excluding housing benefit . 
  and the working electorate who get less than some do on benefits . 
  i wonder how many of these unionists know which way up the british flag goes ? 
  hatchbacks are far more versatile and you get most of the advantages of a station wagon without having to admit your life is over . 
  with a trunk you 're limited in height and length with what you can put in by effectively the height of the bottom of the rear window . 
  with a hatch you 're effectively limited by the height of the roof . 
  for example , with a trunk you ca n't fit an armchair into the car even though the internal room of the car is actually big enough because it wo n't fit through the trunk or the side doors . 
  with a hatchback you lift up the back , fold down the back seats , put the armchair in and close the hatch . 
  hell if you 're not worried about driving down the road with the hatch open you can fit a sofa in a vw golf . 
  uk reporting in . 
  when we say stuff like this , we get called europhobes . 
  the rules for every eu country is that they must be treated the same as that own countries citizens . 
  indeed . 
  its not like their victims get the opportunity to come back again and get a second chance at life . 
  they try to get around minimum wage so that comes as no surprise . 
  i doubt it . 
  scotland being in schengen means that there are effectively no border controls . 
  the whole reason the uk is not in schengen is to stop migrants from outside the eu from being able to freely come into the country . 
  for that very reason there would be no schengenesque agreement . 
  have you got a santander zero credit card . 
  0 % foreign exchange fee . 
  0 % cash advance fee . 
  you can go to a hole in the wall in europe , get euros out of it fee free . 
  just pay it off in full every month . 
  its how i do my holiday spending abroad . 
  sadly they closed it in 2012 so you ca n't apply for a new one but just pointing it out in case you 've got one . 
  they already have a country , scotland , with its own parliament , ability to raise taxes and create laws . 
   i 've traditionally been undecided but after the illegal wars , surveillance state , increasingly right-wing shift in english politics , and talk of exiting the eu i 'm moving towards a side i do n't really want to associate with . 
  trains leave folkestone every 30 minutes . 
  you are free to get on one and go live anywhere else in the eu - that is the beauty of it . 
  if you no longer believe in the policies of your country and what it is doing we now have 27 other flavours you can go try without any of the hassle of having to worry about getting work visas and the like . 
  edit : i do n't mean this in an `` ungrateful scottish bastard why do n't you just fuck off then ? '', 
  rather than this is one of the good things a united eu provides us the ability to do . 
  if scotland joined schengen then there would be full on border controls between england and scotland that would massively disrupt trade and the passage of people . 
  75 % for . 
  jesus the only time you get that support in the eu parliament is when they 're voting for their own pay . 
  so the imf , the very group who finally admitted that what they 'd said about austerity was wrong and they 'd effectively wrecked greece by blackmailing them to do what was clearly wrong , are now saying they 'll do more of the same if greece does n't do something they have admitted is bad ? 
   this article has been taken down pending an investigation . 
  source turned out to be a nut job . 
  in fact there was so much butter that in the uk those on low incomes would suddenly find some arriving through the post . 
  and that would be different in a govt run food producing world how exactly ? 
   do you remember what happened when we started treating our transport , water and power supply as a commercial business ? 
  yes and unlike you it seems i was around . 
  stuff started to get delivered on time and for less money , the east of england did n't have standpipes and bowsers in the street in 2010 as they did in 1976 despite having the driest start to the year in half a century , we do n't swim in the sea surrounded by floating turds and we do n't have almost weekly power cuts . 
  look at the communist countries and see how many of their people are/were starving . 
  compare that to commercial food production which produces enough food to feed the world several times over . 
  you mean they 'll actually be forced to run it as a proper commercial business instead of just a way to get an eu handout ? 
  first time visiting amsterdam it was one hell of a culture shock coming from car obsessed britain . 
  its been a few years since i 've been but i do n't recall thinking it was that big a problem . 
   the worst part is the administrative processes . 
  every time i need to do more paperwork ( visa , social service , etc ) i seriously contemplate what sounds worse , actually going through the process or just shooting myself in the head . 
  it 's that bad . 
  uk reporting in . 
  i recognise that . 
  germany is absolutely right to block this . 
  the events of the past few weeks have shown us what turkey 's true colours are . 
  turkey is n't in europe either geographically or ideologically . 
   if we 're so much less diverse then why is it insisted that the u.s. be compared to all of europe ? 
  that 's not fair at all . 
  of course it is . 
  the usa is a federation of individual states each with their own laws , taxes etc in addition to federal laws , taxes etc. 
  the eu is individual states moving towards a federation each with their own laws , taxes etc in addition to eu laws and taxes . 
  yes you can . 
  we have freedom of information requests . 
  members of parliament have ended up going to prison because of information found out through this . 
  because in the usa its a massive deal due to all kinds of things surrounding their constitution . 
  for the uk who has had gchq the public already assumed they were doing what they admitted anyway . 
  but the public already suspected anyway . 
  that is because over here europe is taken to mean the eu . 
   the united states and europe are roughly the same size . 
  no they 're not . 
  the population of the eu is almost double that of the usa . 
   we killed the vietnamese on a 20-to-1 ratio . 
  and still lost . 
   that 's nice , but at least we have sufficient allies that we 've never had to fight a war on our own . 
  yeah we ended up fighting it on our own because our allies showed their true colours in that they were only interested when it benefitted them .
