  where are all the beautiful girls from the webcams ? 
  many of them speak far better english than a large percentage of our youth and they 're not afraid of hard work either . 
  if they 're anything like the poles who came initially , they 'll be quite well educated too . 
  i just hope they have the sense to migrate north instead of staying in london where their money will run out almost overnight and leave them prey to the unscrupulous . 
   obviously the u.s. did n't experience nearly as much trauma and devastation as european nations did during the wars mainland america experienced none whereas most of europe was flattened . 
  even pearl harbour was pale in comparison to the bombing britain and germany endured . 
  that 's probably why we 're less eager to go round the world invading countries . 
  it certainly seems to be a prevailing attitude on reddit . 
  butthurt american just found out his view of usa # 1 is wrong ... 
   that is a fairly arrogant way of looking at things . 
  its a fact . 
  you might not like it but the very things that founded and allowed your country to become what it is were invented in europe . 
  as for throwing money at things , you spend more on healthcare per capita than any country in the world yet came last out of a report this year [ which compared 17 health care systems ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/01/new-health-rankings-of-17-nations-us-is-dead-last/267045/ ) from affluent nations . 
   i 'm a little bit out of it right now , but industry-wise the eu as a whole is n't as competitive in terms of opportunity in tech companies , from what i understand . 
  i 've just read [ a post in / r/technology ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/1tzqfa/us_struggles_to_keep_pace_in_delivering_broadband/cedauvq ) in a thread about the state of broadband in the us which i thought was timely . .  i go on youtube now to check out the cool hobbies that engineers and technogeeks are up to ... and more and more of them are in the uk , not the us . 
  it 's their turn . 
   but in terms of computer adoption/software industry it apparently is n't so much eh ? 
  the uk has some of the worlds leading games software houses with many of the successful ones in the usa , such as rockstar games , being founded by brits who made their fame here before moving to the us . 
  [ the top eu economies match the usa in pc ownership ] ( http://www.mapsofworld.com/world-top-ten/world-top-ten-personal-computers-users-map.html ) with the equivalent of effectively one for every man , woman and child . 
   europe has unfortunately always been behind in tech . 
  we invented the lightbulb , discovered electricity , founded the industrial revolution , created the modern computer , invented trains , the jet engine , the motor car , tv , telephone , radio communications , radar , the lcd display , the www and a shitload of other stuff . 
  we 've had the only working vtol fighter aircraft and we had it for more than half a century before the us got anywhere near a working version which still has yet to be deployed . 
  we created the world 's only supersonic passenger jet and the worlds largest passenger jet aircraft . 
  the fastest steam train in the world was british . 
  siemens make the most efficient wind turbines in the world . 
  we 're far from always being behind in tech , especially the really important stuff . 
   but the us are the better businessmen . 
  i must have imagined the global financial collapse of 2008 originating in the usa ... 
  england : christmas and bad weather . 
  next week : new years day and bad weather . 
   getting engineers with the relevant knowledge is difficult by itself . 
  you 'd think that given the eu has almost twice the population of the usa , an overall higher standard of education and historically is the source of most groundbreaking inventions of the modern age that they just might be able to ... 
  swansea is n't falling apart though . 
  where has swansea got ramshackle corrugated tin shacks , homes with no running water or electricity ? 
  so you 're saying south america is n't mostly consisting of countries where they make a lot of drugs and there 's a lot of corruption ? 
  i guess the dea are only there for training exercises ? 
  i do n't either but some people seem to think they cure everything . 
  you say we should nationalise oil companies because its our country 's natural resource . 
  i was pointing out that most of what they earn comes from outside our country so is not from our own natural resources . 
  but they 're no longer national . 
  bp makes most of its money from oil outside of the uk . 
  the only reason they 've got out of it is because they 've got so much money from oil it was financially impossible not to . 
  and that brings me onto brazil and venezuela who renationalised their oil companies . 
  do we really want that in europe ? 
  doctors tend to give them to patients who wo n't leave without having a script for them . 
  we can learn much from a part of the world funded by drug money and rife with corruption and violence and mostly functioning at third world level ? 
  no thanks . 
  i 'd like to thank all the people who demanded their doctor give them antibiotics just because they had a cold for this happening . 
  cunts . 
  that is exactly the case i am on about . 
  o'dwyer ran a subscription based site where he personally vetted every single member . 
  he was told to block americans , he refused to . 
  it is absolutely nothing like google , yahoo or microsoft especially given the fact they 'll remove copyrighted stuff when told . 
  would that be the kid that was running a site taking money from us citizens and streaming copyrighted us material who was asked to stop access to us citizens at which point he could have without any repercussions but thought he was a clever twat who knew better ? 
  not being able to direct harm in one country from another is a fundamental rule of international law . 
  served in iraq , that good enough for you ? 
  outside of the touristy areas and outside of season , yeah . 
  spain , in particular menorca . 
  was like some third world country in some parts . 
  someone i know who works for bae as a test engineer had to go to the usa for several weeks along with the uk 's leading expert in vstol to try and figure out why it was n't working properly . 
  after extensive ~ ~ viewing of webcams on xhamster ~ ~ research , can confirm . 
   are the uk ports ready to switch from small cargo ships that only need to cross the channel to big cargo ships that can go to the other side of the planet ? 
  they already do . 
  felixstowe handles some of the largest container ships in the world and has recently taken delivery of 8 cranes to ensure they can handle the very largest . 
  ships arriving at felixstowe come from all over the planet . 
   - how much of the cargo is crossing by train ( eurotunnel ) , again , are the ports ready to handle this ? 
  very little in comparison to shipping . 
  its mostly things like imported fresh food . 
   - a single ship carries stuff for many companies - and even people . 
  in rotterdam you can find ships that go almost everywhere quite regularly , would this happen in the uk too ? 
  you 're asking whether they can do something that has already been going on in the uk for centuries . 
   in general , cargo is transported to rotterdam first because it gives an advantage : reduced costs and reduced shipping times . 
  loosing access would make uk commerce harder . 
  really it would n't . 
  we already handle the largest ships from all over the world . 
  if anything it would mean even more work for uk haulage . 
   more than 50 % of all uk 's trade is with the eu . 
  57 % of all uk 's exports go to the eu . 
  that is incorrect . 
  go look up the [ rotterdam effect ] ( http://eudebate.blogspot.co.uk/2012/06/rotterdam-effect.html ) where basically uk exports to outside the eu that travel through the port of rotterdam are classed as being to the eu even though the destination is australia for example . 
   when most materials get recycled , they degrade . 
  rubbish . 
  does your country not recycle anything ? 
  where i live we recycle so much the local council doubled the size of the household waste recycling site . 
  as energy can neither be created or destroyed , technically that should never happen . 
  actually they might . 
  the problem is n't a lack of cash but a lack of spending . 
  here in the uk people stopped spending because they were exposed to 24/7 news about `` the great depression '' and other such sensationalist bollocks so instead of spending normally they cut back and savings were at a recent record high . 
  this resulted in the economy shrinking when it did n't need to as people sat on their money fearing the worst . 
  now that reporting has been even slightly positive people are spending normally again and the uk economy is the fastest growing in the western world . 
  sorry but last time someone said that , sixty times the number came . 
  no , the expat houses got built on because mayors were issuing building permits which were then declared illegal by the government but only once money had changed hands for the land and building commenced . 
  money spent in ex-pat businesses can not help but go to the spanish economy . 
  it is completely impossible for non of it to . 
  i 'm quite sure that the people in the poor regions would rather have a little bit of a large amount than 100 % of nothing . 
  miranda was n't a journalist . 
  people seem to forget that small but very important fact . 
  spanish government both local and national level fucking over foreigners who 'd bought land and built houses/apartments resulting in them all leaving and taking their money with them vowing never to return , not even for a holiday , resulted in spanish unemployment at 27 % . 
  spain had the opportunity to be massive with $ billions invested by foreigners wanting to move to spain however they decided to get greedy and brought in all kinds of new taxes and made up all kinds of new laws to try and extort money out of people who 'd invested probably all they had . 
  end result was n't in fact a shitload of tax revenues but loads of partially built or empty buildings , lots of spanish businesses going bust and an eye watering welfare bill .
