  my friend has a dishwasher . 
  it takes him longer faffing around with the thing than it takes me to wash a days pots for the family and then it takes another hour to actually wash the things . 
  depends what you want . 
  if history is your thing you could spend a fortnight in the loire region of france and never run out of things to do/see . 
  it has tours , le mans , orleans , more chateaux than you can ever want and a zoo that you really need a couple of days to go around . 
  its also not mad expensive or overly busy either . 
   i am very much in doubt that people want to purchase wasteful guzzlers instead of efficient modern cleaning devices so why are they buying dishwashers instead of doing them by hand ? 
   not literally stealing , but those workers for the agency ended up taking home less than the rest of the people doing the same job , the company was paying more for them too . 
  at many places i worked at via agencies my basic was their overtime rate . 
  it works both ways . 
  as for the polish , the type of work they typically do when they come here is mostly through agencies because it is the type of work with seasonal demand and although you may not believe it , it is actually cheaper for an employer to employ agency workers as and when they need to to meet demand than have staff there they do n't have work for . 
  i wo n't argue with that because that is precisely how agencies work . 
  again how is that stealing a quid off the agency worker ? 
  the agency worker works for the agency , not the place they do the work at . 
  it is no different to someone who works for a company as a pc engineer going to a clients site and fixing their computers . 
  their company bills the client # x and pays the engineer # y. 
  if the agency paid the money they charged to the employee how would they continue to exist ? 
  one agency i worked at , a branch of driver hire , had # 250k per year costs just for the office . 
  that was before how much they had to pay in employers ni and holiday pay . 
  when you factor employers ni and holiday pay into things , if they 're paying the employee # 5.30 an hour and charging their client # 6.30 an hour they 're making next to sod all . 
  how were the employment agencies stealing a quid an hour off them ? 
  new bicycle , # 100 . 
  new car , # 6,000 + . 
  car also requires a ton of money spending on insurance , tax , fuel etc. 
  hardly a surprise . 
  they 'd be fecked if they landed in rathkeale . 
  as soon as they landed they 'd be accosted by lots of people wanting to offer them a tarmac drive and whilst distracted , other residents would be round the back nicking bits of the ship to weigh in as scrap . 
  brit here . 
  we 'd look at them with a disapproving stare and tut quietly to ourselves with the kind of disdain only reserved for the lowest of the low , queue jumpers . 
  the shame of being compared to queue jumpers would see them scurrying back to their ships in disgrace and leaving with their tails between their legs or tentacles or whatever they have . 
  if they were really persistent we 'd have to bring out the `` nuclear option '' , a nice cup of tea with a custard cream . 
  so overwhelmed would they be by this great british culinary experience that they would instantly ally with us and we could then send them to invade france on our behalf . 
  well that already exists in europe , the ce mark . 
  however all that happens is a manufacturer merely has to submit one or two individual units for compliance testing and then basically unless one catches fire and someone complains , none of those that follow are tested to ensure they 're the same spec as the tested one or that they comply . 
  quite possibly . 
  i had a customer come to me with a laptop with a trackpad that was n't working . 
  whilst working on the laptop i put my hf transceiver on ( i 'm a ham ) and all frequencies from dc to uhf were wiped out . 
  turned off the laptop charger and normal service was resumed plus the touchpad started working . 
  it was a cheap chinese charger with no filtering at all and was sending out so much crap it actually stopped the touchpad from working . 
  not all of them are that bad but its definitley a case of ymmv . 
   some are more powerful than others and heat up weaker phones . 
  < cough  bollocks . 
  a device will only draw the maximum current it wants . 
  you can not force electricity into something . 
  yorkshire in england has been named europe 's [ tourist destination of the year 2013 . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-23930147 ) plenty of places to hike in east and north yorkshire , both inland and coastal , more history than you can shake a stick at with places like york and whitby , one of the world 's leading aquariums at the deep in hull , one of the worlds leading railway museums with free entry in york and all within a 40 mile radius . 
  google image search `` yorkshire wolds '' , `` wolds way '' `` east yorkshire coast '' and `` york '' . 
  east yorkshire probably has the widest variation of things within an hours travelling in any direction . 
  not being down south its a lot cheaper for accommodation too . 
  only downside is being winter it will be cold and wet . 
  providing you avoid january/february it should be quite snow free . 
   imagine if you will europe after ww2 was left to deal with russia and the middle east alone . 
  we did deal with the middle east ... 
  the cold war and the need for american military in europe was purely of america 's making . 
  1 ) has nothing to do with revenue from the usa and exchange rates are not based on the usd . 
  if they were they 'd rise and fall with the value of the usd but they do n't . 
  2 ) now recognised as being detrimental to the speed of recovery in post war europe and used as a tool to give the us the ability to put bases in europe . 
  3 ) which the us ignores . 
  ** united kingdom ** we said no to the usa and finally proved we 're not its bitch . 
  i 'd give you the link but they keep updating the friggin story . 
  miranda had a lawyer - stop using the biased guardian as your only source . 
  go read up on the leveson enquiry and the public demand for regulation following the revelation of the `` hacking '' of millie dowler 's mobile phone . 
   where 's this information about miranda carrying classified data to brazil come from ? 
  glenn greenwald . 
  [ from a ny times article  ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/19/world/europe/britain-detains-partner-of-reporter-tied-to-leaks.html?smid=tw-share&amp;_r=2&amp; )  mr. miranda was in berlin to deliver documents related to mr. greenwald 's investigation into government surveillance to ms. poitras , mr. greenwald said . 
  ms. poitras , in turn , gave mr. miranda different documents to pass to mr. greenwald . 
  those documents , which were stored on encrypted thumb drives , were confiscated by airport security , mr. greenwald said . 
  all of the documents came from the trove of materials provided to the two journalists by mr. snowden . 
  the british authorities seized all of his electronic media -- including video games , dvds and data storage devices -- and did not return them , mr. greenwald said . 
  because they 're not harming science . 
  singh was n't a scientist but a journalist . 
  we have no problem with libel laws and science . 
  we have no problem publishing negative results . 
  the problem is that people like singh seem to think they should be able to say any shit they want and not be held responsible for it . 
  one case where a journalist , not even a scientist , wrote something , was held to task about what he 'd written and told to prove it . 
  in this country that is how it works and too fucking right . 
  you want law so anyone can say what they like about someone or an organisation without redress . 
  the laws as they stand require you if you make a statement about someone or an organisation to take responsibility for it and either prove it is correct or face possible consequences . 
  the only thing our libel laws are harming is the ability of the press and scientists to come out with any old crap they want without challenge , regardless of the fact it is n't true . 
  are they ? 
  i 've seen it plastered all over the news . 
   we are no longer under threat of becoming a police state , we are already living in one . 
  we are n't or anything like it . 
  a police state would n't have let miranda go , they 'd have shot him . 
  to say we live in a police state is to do a massive injustice to those who truly do such as russia , china , bahrain . 
  a section d notice is not a you must not print or you will be fined or shut down . 
  a section d is a request , one which the newspapers can choose to comply with or not . 
  i do n't give a shit what you think about it nor our libel laws . 
  if we want to change them we will do it and it was the public who demanded the leveson inquiry and for regulation of the press in 2010-12 , not the government . 
   so you prefer state run press ? 
  no and we do n't have that . 
  and why do our libel laws need changing ? 
   why is n't the freedom of the press sacred in the uk because cases like the phone hacking scandal and the resulting fallout from that have proven that the press are incapable of being self regulating . 
  the public actually do n't want a free press any more because we 're disgusted with what they 've done with that freedom and how they 've broken the law and fucked over thousands of people 's lives just to sell a bit of paper . 
  why should cameron be prosecuted ? 
  we have only the word of a bitch slapped newspaper annoyed that someone dare stop someone who was n't even a journalist who was carrying some very harmful , as in to ordinary people , information they were using to get a big story that cameron ordered it . 
  all newspapers were issued a section d notice which is effectively `` we know you have this information but we 'd like you not to print it until we 've had time to deal with any issues to public safety . '', 
  all newspapers complied except the guardian . 
  the hard drives contained stolen secret intelligence data which , if scotland yards newly opened criminal case is anything to go by , contains data which if it ended up in the wrong hands could cause serious risk to public safety . 
  the newspaper was given a choice of destroying the data or going to court .
