  if it allows these people through without registration it violates eu law . 
  it seems the western governments want to shift the responsibility for them on the hungary 's ( and other countries ' ) shoulders , while they are the desired destination of these people ( they are not going to be content with the help we can give them , sure we could help them more but they have germany set as a goal ) . 
  yet it seems they expect us to do something with them , so they do n't have to , do they think that we can integrate them and make them settle ? 
  looks like they want to use us as a buffer that can be blamed for these people 's plight at the same time . 
  well the attitude of western media to orb\u00e1n ( and thus to hungary in general sadly ) is such that he can not do good ( i 'm not a huge fan of the guy either ) , as the hungarian saying goes `` if he 's wearing a hat he 'll got slapped for it , if he does n't then for that '' ( ha van rajta sapka akkor az\u00e9rt , ha nem akkor az\u00e9rt ) . 
  they have built the preconception of an evil , authoritarian , semi-fascist `` orb\u00e1n regime '' and everything is filtered through it , everything is interpreted in a way that confirms it . 
  really , western media is not a bit better than rt , just have other biases . 
  maybe they would be content if we all followed the example of gyurcs\u00e1ny , and receive them as guests in our homes . 
  of course that was a pr trick , but it works , he got air time on cnn as a modern saint . 
  there is no talk about citizenship , getting refugee status does n't mean that . 
  also our government is not exactly enthusiastic about giving them that either to be honest . 
  they would like to deport them or lock them up for illegal border crossing if they could . 
  but they are playing by the eu rules for the time being , they would n't like to be kicked out from the schengen area ( so they do n't allow them through as fast as possible like macedonia and serbia does , or at least was doing for long ) . 
  and yes , the germans and austrians make confusing statements , one day we hear that they accept all syrians without any condition next day they rescind on that , saying that does n't apply to those who were registered in hungary , then the next day an austrian police chief says that they will allow everyone through to germany etc. 
  also we are ( or at least orb\u00e1n is ) the favorite whipping boy of the eu and western media , we can not do anything that would please them apparently , other than accepting all of these people and give them handouts to start life there , the problem with that ( besides that we are a poor country for this , and the majority of us is not exactly a huge fan of `` embracing diversity '' and multiculturalism either ) is that most of them do n't want to stay here . 
  maybe we should give them status that would allow them to travel to germany and stay there legally ( visa ? 
  citizenship ? ), 
  but that would also enrage the western countries for sure . 
  also the government is undeniably playing on popular sentiments here , this refugee thing being in the news distracts attention from other issues like corruption . 
  well at least i remember such sentiments from some german guy here on reddit but also read elsewhere that there were such feelings in german left circles . 
  i 'd say the `` liberal left '' everywhere likes to hate on nationalism and criticize everything they see as `` overly patriotic '' like flag-waving , esp . 
  in germany of course where people openly said things like they are rooting for the elimination of the german team at the world cup because they can not stand seeing german national flags everywhere etc. 
  well looking back the past 25 years things turned completely into the opposite in the attitudes to the us ( at least regarding politics ) . 
  the traditional left ( mszp voters ) used to dislike the us , their foreign policy etc. 
  the right used to like it , was strongly anti-russia ( as opposed to the left ) . 
  i remember that during the 1999 bombing of yugoslavia people on the left generally were opposed to it , while those on the right mostly applauded it . 
  mind you , orb\u00e1n was our pm then too and we allowed the us to use our airspace and the tasz\u00e1r air base , and this was strongly criticised by the left . 
  things changed eventually , the turning point was 2001-2002 . 
  the us began to more and more openly support the hungarian left-liberal opposition and attacking the orb\u00e1n govt for things like alleged antisemitism etc. 
  ( declarations by the us ambassador at the time ) , and in the 2002 election day the us and israeli ambassadors demonstratively visited the opposition parties together . 
  from that point any remaining love for the us disappeared at the right ( gradually ) and they are now seen as `` enemies of the hungarian nation '' , who are supposedly behind the migration crisis ( `` cia and soros are financing the migrants '' and all kind of russian-made propaganda bullshit are widely believed , like ukraine being ruled by us-puppet jews etc. 
  ) , the isis was created by the cia and the mosad and all these conspiracy theories are common on the right/nationalist side of hungarian politics . 
  and kinda understandably when even republican politicians make statements like calling orb\u00e1n a fascist dictator ( mccain ) . 
  the root of all this imho is that the us right is in love with israel and jews , while the hungarian right has plenty of antisemites , antisemitic conspiracy theories are quite popular among them , while the hungarian left includes most hungarian jews , who , of course , did everything to draw the attention of the us right to this fact . 
  and they are much more well connected in the us too . 
  so many on our right became bitterly anti-american and felt betrayed by the us , esp . 
  the us right ( well that began much earlier , when they saw that the west is seemingly more comfortable with former communists than with our right wing that was seen by them as suspiciously nationalist , harboring anti-semitism and supposedly dreaming about taking back territories lost in trianon and restoration of the horthy regime ) . 
  that explains that many of them now became fans of putin , which would have been totally unthinkable even 15 years ago ( during the chechen war most right-wingers cheered the chechens while most leftists were pro-russia for example ) . 
  on the left things went the opposite , they hate orb\u00e1n so much that they automatically cheer for anybody bashing orb\u00e1n . 
  so if the us humiliates him , they suddenly are like `` we always loved america and supported their policy and we always hated putin , anyone who says otherwise is lying '' lol . 
  they are n't running for their lives , they may have been running for their lives when they left syria , that 's true . 
  people i.e. 
  protesting on a budapest train station that they should be allowed to travel to germany on the train to munich are n't running for their lives . 
  90 % of those who fled syria are in turkey , lebanon and jordan , some took the risk ( had the will power and the money to pay smugglers ) of the journey to western europe crossing a half dozen borders illegally on the way . 
  btw 81.3 % of immigrants who entered hungary were males , over 66 % of them between ages 18-34 , 11 % males over 34 according to the authorities . 
  the families are waiting behind where their lives are supposedly threatened , while the most fit member of the extended family went forward to `` scout '' opportunities in western europe . 
  `` roman citizen '' or `` british subject '' meant the same thing back then as `` murican '' now . 
  the majority is young men here too , but there are some whole families . 
  it 's almost like we built this nice place in front of the railway station purposefully as a transit station for migrants . 
  at its place there was a fenced off construction site for almost 10 years , as the m4 metro line was built . 
  looks like it was finished just in time last year . 
  they have papers as eu citizens , so they can travel freely . 
  fine with us . 
   ) not that they want to stay anyway . 
  they all want to get to the land of plenty i.e. 
  germany or sweden . 
  it depends on the current eur-huf exchange rate , there were times when slovaks living close to the border went shopping in hungary because it was cheaper for them . 
  well if they are serious , then they should organize an airlift or refugee ships , or special trains to bring in all the several million from turkey , lebanon and syria itself . 
  why discriminate and welcome only those who managed to get to germany ? 
   we put the weapons down in front if the russians and they promised they 'd ask the austrians not to take revenge on us . 
  they did not i was always taught that they did , but the austrians ignored them nevertheless . 
  any source that they did n't bother to do it ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/29/syrian-refugees-sweden-new-life ) they say sweden gives them $ 650 per month for attending language courses , also pays for their housing etc. 
  sure even sweden is n't good enough for these people , they have to start at the bottom . 
  but that 's how it is , for example most hungarians who emigrated to the west in 1956 or later had to start with washing dishes or cleaning toilets etc. 
  even if they had a university degree . 
  so they are not refugees . 
  they are migrants dreaming about making it big in the first world . 
  or live on state help there . 
  or you are saying that i.e. 
  the guys who try to get in the uk from france are refugees ? 
  they just think that they can disappear more easily among their countrymen who already got there and live and work there illegally . 
  or are mexican , colombian illegal immigrants in the us refugees ? 
  they could say that their life was in danger as there is enough violence in both places . 
  but the us of a does n't take them in as refugees . 
   its nothing uncommon in the animal kingdom . 
  `` according to gay scientists '' as a guy i knows used to reply to this . 
  ( and he has grown up around farm animals , and has never seen male pigs or cows mounting each other . 
  he said had the farmers even seen something like that they would have killed the beasts immediately as obviously diseased , but it never happened according to him . 
  dogs ( male and female ) do that but only to signal dominance , and they do n't penetrate each other ) . 
  for me it 's about the power of media forming people 's opinions . 
  i do n't want to argue about the subject , but the fact that opinions were shifted so fast in most first world countries ( in a mere 10-15 years ) proves that brainwashing is effective . 
  what would have been unimaginable even at the end of the last century was railroaded through with relentless propaganda claiming that it 's a `` human rights issue '' and they redefined an institution ( as `` same sex marriage '' never existed in history ) . 
  what will be next , `` polyamorous marriage '' ? 
  to be honest joining the eurozone was a shitty decision for southern eu countries , it causes many of their current problems ( state debt - because governments ( and the people too ) were able to borrow at low interest rates and could n't resist , unemployment etc. ), 
  they would be better off with their own currencies that would be allowed to inflate - inflation ( below a certain rate ) is not always necessarily the worst thing for an economy , it is bad for investors/savers only . 
  then they could `` inflate away '' some of their debt , now they are trapped with a debt that will never be able to pay back . 
  now they do n't have any options but to bow down to their lenders ' dictates always demanding more and more austerity and privatisation . 
   meanwhile , greece was actually one of the wealthiest countries in the world during the 20th century no , that is a gross exaggeration . 
  it was rather poor before joining the eu , they had a good period from about 1980 until shit hit the fan . 
  there is no such thing as `` europe '' , in the sense of `` america '' ( i mean the us ) , there is an eu which contains the eurozone ( not all eu countries are part of it . . greece cheated its way into the eurozone , while brussels conveniently looked the other way , hence the current situation ) and there are non-eu countries too like ukraine . 
  nobody is suprised that people in mexico earn a lot less than in the us . 
   man - man greeting : handhsake , kiss on the cheek is not acceptable !, 
  here it is considered extremely unmanly or even a signal of homosexuality . 
  depends , within the family ( even between male in-laws ) it 's a quite common thing in many circles . 
  between buddies not . 
  true , but the uk is not the best example , it 's not really an european country , i 'd rather classify it as a member of the anglosphere with the other five eyes nations . 
   of course there is still much differences in continental europe , there are roughly 3 large groups : romance countries , germanic countries and slavic countries . 
  of course there are outliers , finland is similar to scandinavia , non-slavic former communist countries like hungary and romania can be lumped together with the slavic ones in many respects , while western slavic countries ( poland , czech rep. , slovakia were much more influenced by germanic culture than say bulgaria and probaby they are more different from it in some respects , than from germany . 
  hungary too had many germanic influences during the austrian monarchy .
