they could go through hungary atm , it 's not like the authorities could stop them ( in case of large crowds ) until there is a fence in place , at least not without a level of violence that could get out of control and also bring strong international condemnation so likely they would be transported to the austrian border by the authorities themselves , at least until austria does n't protest that strongly . 
  otherwise , hungary will have to fence off the romanian border too as it was already declared officially . 
  not sure though about how long border hungary could guard without stretched too thin , even with the whole army called up . 
  probably we will ask for help from the v4 countries in that case . 
  serbia , what if you started trying to protect your borders and not letting everyone in ? 
  i know croatia accuses serbia with profiting from the migrants flowing through them ( allegedly serbian police are taking money from them ) , on the other hand , building fences are bad bad ... 
  unfortunately every government is playing hot potato with the migrants ( except hungary we at least tried to enforce the law by building a fence on the serbian border but got a shitstorm for that ) , but eventually it will reverse . 
  first germany will close the border , then austria , then hungary etc. 
  and then croatia and serbia will find itself with a lot of angry migrants on their territory , and the international community will demand that they take care for them , be nice with them ... as ugly as fences are unfortunately i do n't see other options to at least control this phenomenon a little . 
  well it 's not like they came to ask for asylum , they were invited by germany and they want to go there . 
  if a country tries to stop them then it is called fascist , see the case with hungary . 
  if it sends them on their way ( as for them all these small countries between turkey and germany are only minor hindrances on the journey to the promised land of merkel ) they are given shit too . 
  i hope our government will come to its senses too and just transport all of them on the austrian border and dump them there , schengen is dead anyways . 
  let them deal with the shit they are welcoming so much . 
  which country are you talking about , [ this one ] ( http://migrantreport.org/french-police-use-tear-gas-at-channel-tunnel-fence/ ) ? 
   well these people did n't bring their children with them at least , and did n't throw them over the fence either . 
  solidarity should n't be limitless either , to say it should be limitless is hypocrisy though , and we are talking about thousands per day literally invading the eu here , often with no papers at all - they tend to destroy their papers or the temporary papers they got in greece for example ( or are carrying forged passports ) , no background check , they could as well be terrorists or criminals , nobody could tell them apart from the rest . 
  also it 's hypocritical to say that i.e. 
  serbia or turkey are n't safe countries ( even greece is n't one apparently according to some european courts ) . 
  they are not switzerland or austria , but they are peaceful countries , they are n't threatening these peoples ' lives . 
  of course living in a turkish refugee camp is shitty , they are expecting apartments and benefits handed out to them in germany or scandinavia , that 's why they want to get to these places and nowhere else . 
  that thing with the policemen is unclear , it seems that our government lied too in that case , as the hungarian police agreed that they enter hungary with that train , and that they were n't disarmed either as it was claimed ... 
  are you aware that these people are as much ` refugees ' in europe as i.e. 
  latin american illegal immigrants in the us ? 
  look at a map for fucks sake ( talking about the balkan route now ) , syrians who got to a safe neighboring country i.e. 
  turkey are refugees , all right . 
  now , if they leave turkey because they want german living standards and pay , or more likely welfare , they are economic migrants 2 . 
  not all of them come from war zones , they come from as far as bangladesh and nigeria ... why ? 
  because turkey made it extremely easy for citizens of a lot of african and asian countries to get turkish visas as part of building their relationship with these countries , they often get to turkey by plane and then set out for western europe ) how the us authorities would react to mexicans , colombians etc. 
  breaking through the border fence in large numbers , and shouting that `` we are refugees , we have to go to canada '' for example ? 
  unfortunately orb\u00e1n says the truth , i personally do n't like the appeal to christianity , nor nationalism for that matter ( i 'd rather use another word as the word nationalism got a bad rap ) , but the things mentioned are thing that are willfully ignored by the mainstream western european discourse . 
  they appeal to `` solidarity '' but one should understand that we can not open the gates wide before the whole word . 
  but liberals simply do n't want to hear this , they want to look super humane . 
  does a beggar on an afghan street have the right to get asylum in one of the wealthiest countries in the world ? 
  and what if there are hundreds of millions of such people ? 
  accept all of them ? 
  ( of course the beggar is unlikely to get to europe , as these migrants usually spend thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars to get there ... but one must understand that even in the third world there are hundreds of millions who were raised a little over abject poverty and has access to information about the world on a scale unimaginable even decades ago , as the speech mentions it specifically , thanks to the internet ... and they are like `` i want to live like them , i want to live there '' . 
  but we should make it clear that it 's not a possibility for most of them . 
  does the us accept unlimited numbers from the third world every year ? 
  how come they do n't ? 
  but they hypocritically demand the eu to do so , apparently , as american media is viciously attacking i.e. 
  orb\u00e1n for saying things like that . 
  he is just telling the inconvenient truth that the liberal elites of europe and the us hate to hear ( because it interferes with their project of creating a `` diverse '' europe where the native populations are intended to become a minority everywhere by encouraging massive immigration ) and label it as `` extremist '' or `` lunatic '' . 
  on the other hand of course he is an opportunistic politician too , who is corrupted on the level of berlusconi . 
  but in that he is not an exception around here . 
  not that i applaud this speech personally i find his path quite dangerous to hungary . 
  not the things he is doing but the things he is saying , he should have shut up ( or ensure that speeches behind closed doors like this do n't get out ever ) . 
  precisely because our country was already the favorite target and whipping boy of the liberal elites . 
  just look at other countries i.e. 
  slovakia , they are doing the same , or would do the same , their government thinks the same about these issues ( broadly ) , but fico is not called an evil fascist and the arch evil of europe . 
  the right way would be paying lip service to the liberal elite to the extent it is necessary , but act as necessary . 
  but orb\u00e1n loves conflict , and he is compelled to polish his own image as a rogue and `` freedom fighter for his country '' . 
  clearly the rest of the continent must stand up against this rotten regime / s, 
  here on the east we do n't have any social benefits compared to western europe , the `` living on welfare '' class is non-existent , or more exactly it exists but it lives in third world conditions . 
  like most roma in poor villages in mostly run-down houses , often one without a toilet and bathroom , just an outhouse ( well many roma do n't even bother to build one either , they are shitting on the floor in one of the rooms or shit in the yard ... ) . 
  or they are pensioners or people having minimum wage jobs who already own an apartment ( most people live in privately owned homes , city apartments were sold off at dirt cheap prices to their renters after 1990 , and do n't pay rent just utilities ) and can barely pay the the electricity/gas bills . 
  reality and what is considered acceptable living conditions is a lot different for the majority of people than in the west . 
  the refugees of course were looking at the west , the things they were seeing in tv and movies , when they decided to move to the eu , or do you really think a syrian refugee in a tent camp in turkey came because he is running for his life ? 
  he came because it 's shitty to be a refugee in turkey , afaik they do n't even allow them to work , they can only work illegally . 
  the point was that they would n't be content at all if they are sent to a poor country , comparing their circumstances with those in germany or sweden . 
  just like young people go west from these countries in the droves , they would want better too , the only reason that not almost all people moved there yet is that they have family and/or home here , do n't speak english/german well , already too old and settled in their ways etc. 
  on the other hand neither of these are true in the refugees ' case , for them it 's another foreign country and very far from the best options ( germany , sweden , norway etc. ), 
  of course they would n't starve to death on 270 but they should have to settle for something much worse than the dream germany they had their eyes on . 
  panarabism is pretty much dead now thanks to us , israel and conservative arab states ( i.e. 
  saudi ) . 
  the egyptian and algerian military regimes are related to it as they are secular , but there was much blood spilt in those countries too , in both of them the islamists won the only truly free election ever held . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  until now not a single one of them was sent back , they cross the border ( the fence does n't do anything atm , the govt is threatenig to toughen up from sept 15 we 'll see what will happen , but probably nothing will change in reality ) , some wait until they are registered at the camp at r\u00f6szke ( at the border ) , others do n't have patience to wait for that , they simply break out of the camp ( the police tries to stop them but they do n't use excessive force so they ca n't stop them effectively ) and starts to walk towards budapest on the motorway ( that 's happening now ) presumably to follow the others who got to austria and then germany by behaving this way , they are informed about what was happening last week and they learn from that quickly , this is the way we can avoid being stuck in hungary or being sent back later so we do the same . 
  they are crowding at the keleti station again , others are at another budapest train station refusing to go to the camp by train , and they can not be forced to do that . 
  they were smartened up , know very well how to refuse cooperation with the authorities by passive resistance and achieve their goal , which is germany . 
  they call angela merkel an angel and their mother who waits for all of them with open arms , not joking  also you obviously do n't know shit if you think that anybody is `` sent back to syria '' from hungary so maybe stop lecturing us condescendingly . 
   germany will re-distribute those people around europe after their application has been accepted anyways . 
  i suspect there will be some problems with that . 
  they will refuse to go to any country where they will get less welfare than in germany . 
  these people specifically wanted to go to germany . 
  so if germany plans to redistribute them to poland for example , they will resist . 
  maybe they could be convinced to accept belgium or the netherlands etc. 
  though . 
  we would have had the capacity just the situation is that these people simply refuse to cooperate with the authorities , they came and supposed that they are the ones making the rules , they are the ones choosing in which country they want to get asylum ( germany , of course ) , broke out of camps before they could be registered ( the process is slow , conditions are n't good that 's true ) , they flat out refused to go to the designated refugee camps , they convened at the train station instead , demanding to be allowed to travel to germany . 
  angela merkel made a statement that germany welcomes all of them , when this news reached them and the hungarian authorities , they were allowed to board the trains and got to munich . 
  after this on the next day germany rescinded , and said it was not meant that way , but the refugees refused to acknowledge that and were waiting at the station for a next time when they will be finally allowed on the trains . 
  when their demands were not met , finally they started to march on foot towards the border . 
  western media covers this and accuse the hungarian authorities with inhumane treatment of them , what you think the police should have done ? 
  trying to force them to the refugee camps ? 
  that would lead to violence and unpredictable consequences , even some migrants getting hold of police and their weapons and going into an open rebellion , and the govt would have had no options but to retreat before an armed rebellion or send soldiers and commandos to put down the revolt with lots of dead , meanwhile hell would have broken loose , the liberal opposition and the liberal international media demanding military intervention against hungary etc. 
  actually one time they tried to trick the immigrants and stopped the train near the refugee camp , but the migrants refused to disembark the train , chanted germany , germany , threatened with committing suicide , threw themselves on the tracks etc. 
  these people could have only dealt with with possibly lethal force but that is out of the question , we are already painted as a fascist country , imagine the reaction to that then . 
  at the end the government decided to transport them to the border as they wanted . 
  austria opens the border ( at the last minute , before that they were preparing to close the border crossing but they became scared that if they do n't allow these people in the blame will be shifted on them ) and their politicians and the western media again disses hungary as `` inhumane '' while austria and germany are gloating with self-praise again as the saviors of refugees , for now they again are allowed to travel to austria and germany freely . 
  but austria is already saying that it is only temporary , so the same events will be repeated presumably . 
  but excuse me , how the fuck could be sweden the `` first country they 've come to '' ? 
  did they land by boat on the coast ? 
  or did they arrive on a direct flight ? 
  or were they just teleported ? 
  popped out of thin air ? 
  fucking ridiculous logic . 
  these people are illegal immigrants who crossed half the world to get there , but countries like germany and sweden look the other way , because it would be supposedly `` inhumane '' to treat them like the us would do , for example . 
  they are also rewarding human traffickers by virtually supporting their business and pre-select for migrants ( excuse me , i know that `` refugee '' is the politically correct term ) who are skillful or rich ( most times meaning they collected money from the extended family to pay the smugglers ) enough to do it there . 
  is that a deliberate darwinian selection ? 
   on the other hand if somebody wants to work legally in these countries and is not a so called `` refugee '' , he or she has to overcome much more bureaucratic obstacles .
