  edit : grammar, 
   if your country is so poor and irrelevant remember that next time there is a decision to be made . 
  you ca n't afford all that and should remain silent . 
  so you suggest that voting powers in the eu institutions should be allocated by gdp ? 
   we 're a unified country now , you know ? 
  technically , sure , but there are some differences still . 
  like that the east is a bit less welcoming off immigrants afaik . 
  so the solution is to introduce a quota system ( dividing the refugee status-seekers amoung countries in the eu ) ? 
  that 's only possible if we ensure a basic income to these people ( housing , care , pocket money , etc. ) . 
  and this from the central budget of the eu as many countries would n't be able to afford it on their own . 
  for example , say hungary gets 5 thousand first , then 50 thousand more ( the number of additional `` refugees '' will rise in leaps and bounds after the word had spread that how warmly europe welcomes refugees , and those who got in arrange for their relatives to come after them ) , and 99 % of them will not want to stay . 
  of course restricting their movement is not an option , if you do n't shut down the borders or at least reintroduce pre-schengen border control everywhere ( not that you could n't walk through in the fields and forests most cases ) . 
  they would only stay if they get the same amount of aid as the ones in west germany ( else , as soon as they can they would go west , they would n't have any connection to this place ) . 
  so suppose the eu gives them i.e. 
  600 euros stipend a month to live on ( they would need at least this amount to pay for rent and bills and buy food in budapest if they do n't have relatives who help them etc. 
  maybe there will be housing projects built for them on eu monies too ) . 
  i will be curious that hungarians , bulgarians , romanians , etc. 
  would react . 
  how long are willing to tolerate these freeloaders who receive ( for example , when it comes to a 4 person family ) 2-3 times as much aid as they earn with hard work ( or the same amount in the case of single people except that they do n't have to spend on housing , if that is also bought by eu monies for them , but they can just spend all of it freely ) . 
  of course you can say that they will work . 
  except that the job options for people who do n't speak hungarian are limited ( except of course trained people who could find office jobs at multinational companies for example , but i seriously doubt that these are the kind of people who the germans are intending to send east for `` burden-sharing '' ) , they could do the least attractive work option `` public work '' i.e. 
  gardening , picking up thrash etc. 
  and this for 250 euros a month ( and not all people can find this kind of job either in budapest ) . 
  they would be enthusiastic for sure , hard and often humiliating work conditions , mean bosses who deduce money from the payment for every real or made up `` dereliction of duty '' , and this dream pay for it !, 
  / s only the ( for example ) australian ( i hope you do n't consider them a fascist state too ) method could work i.e. 
  closed borders , strict immigration control . 
  okay then what is your proposal ? 
  mine is that i wrote above . 
  if germany stops accepting any more of them , they are stuck yes . 
  but maybe they would realize then that germany is not the dream land waiting for them with a nice flat and a well paying job ready ( also a hot european woman in the case of the young single guys making up the majority of them but i can not comment on that , maybe that is more realistic  ) and eventually they stop coming in such numbers . 
  on the other hand , if germany is ready to accept hundreds of thousands every year , then make it so that they do n't have to get there illegally . 
  make the arrangements to transport them directly to germany . 
   everyone thinks hungary is pretty much a fascist country yeah we became used to that sort of thing , as well as the fact that supposedly reputable media often flat out lie about things when it comes to hungary . 
  makes one think , maybe it 's not just with hungary ? 
  what if all of their sources and stories are just as reliable and accurate as those about us ? 
   but being called fascist nowadays does n't mean any more than someone who is supposedly on your `` left '' politically does n't like you . 
  the left totally diluted its meaning as it used it as a general insult to throw around for decades . 
   how about we get send all those hungarians in western europe back to hungary if hungary does n't like multiculturalism ? 
  okay , do it . 
  for some reason they do n't . 
  actually even the `` enlightened and not racist at all '' western europeans prefer eastern europeans to muslims and blacks generally when it comes to employment for example . 
  how come ? 
  also we do n't consider ourselves really different culturally from the rest of europe , compared to arabs or blacks . 
  many western europeans may think differently of course , in germany you are an ausl\u00e4nder even if you look totally `` aryan '' ( speaking good german helps much though ) , in britain you are looked down upon too , even by chavs living on welfare . 
  but i think the money makes up for these things for those who moved there lol . 
  going back to the beginning , some of us may be homophobic , slightly racist towards non white people or holding other backwards views ( the types who move to western europe generally do not though , and even if they do they will hold these to themselves ) , but we are n't muslim , none of us belive that sharia must be the law of the land , none of us will go berserk shouting allahu akbar on some crowded place . 
  with the syrians you 'll never be sure . 
  actually it will be the second generation already born in europe that will produce the jihadi types ( based on the examples of frech and british jihadis ) . 
  so in our opinion there is n't some supposed `` western european '' culture that we are outside of , just european , so the remark about `` multiculturalism '' does n't really apply here . 
  on the other hand , mosques , burkas , the arabic language , city districts where one feels like it 's somewhere in the middle east or north africa are n't part of european culture . 
  the left would like to make it out to be , but it is n't . 
   no one in europe wants them . 
  so now they are stuck in greece and italy where they arrived . 
  now what ? 
  maybe they will get the word and start marching towards germany on foot . 
    so are you putting transit zones all around greek and italian beaches and islands ? 
  no , that only applies to hungary and its southern border . 
  on the sea it would be easy , just let them drown in it instead of rescuing them ( nowadays they get in inflatable boats and rafts and expect that warships will rescue them as soon as they are a few dozen miles away from the coast , and shipped to the eu ) . 
  ok that 's inhumane so rescue them and put them ashore where they boarded the boats . 
  one thing that must be understood that it 's an economic migration , these people are n't refugees at all in the sense of somebody running for their life . 
  they are seeking a better life , preferably in the most wealthy societies of the word that are also gullible enough to be blinded by sentimentality and emotional appeals . 
  what the eu should do is to protect their border just like the us of a , australia , israel etc. 
  do and not giving illegal immigrants free rides . 
  detain those who cross the borders illegally until they are deported back . 
  of course it 's quite possible that the eu will need immigration because of the dwindling population ( especially bad in the case of germans , also in eastern europe but that does n't count much because 1 . not too much jobs here either 2 . what immigrant would want to work for 300-500 euros when they are currently getting that amount in germany , sweden etc. 
  as free handout for showing up ? 
  and if they find work they will earn at least about 1000 but possibly much more . ), 
  so then let 's do the same immigration policy as the us , the beacon of democracy and freedom ( tm ) does . 
  they turned back boat people from cuba if they did n't already set foot on us soil , they built a fence on the mexican border ( the mexican gang violence has more victims than most of the civil wars these refugees supposedly flee from ... and yeah those fleeing stopped in turkey and live there in camps , those are refugees these are not ) . 
  they are vetting everyone before they let them in their country . 
  australia too , of course it 's a lot more easy for them . 
  so let them apply for immigration visas abroad i.e. 
  in turkey . 
  in the case of northern africa the eu fucked it up royally by deposing gaddafi , who stemmed the influx of migrants so then let them stay in lampedusa until their application is processed , but not elsewhere . 
  greece should just send back the boat people to turkey , which is a safe and prosperous country . 
  the western countries seemingly expected hungary to `` pamper '' these migrants , give them asylum and benefits and thus holding them back , but our government made it clear that it does n't welcome them , does n't want to integrate any significant number of them in hungarian society because it does n't like `` multiculturalism '' and does n't want a large muslim population here . 
  they are also put bills before parliament that will allow the use the army as a temporary emergency measure in a `` migration crisis '' , among other things ( also allowing the police to search homes without previous authorization as a measure against human traffickers ) . 
  the proposal includes that in the future `` transit zones '' will be set up right next to the border fence , and those whose applications are turned down would not be allowed to go any further from that . 
  so yeah when the western countries accuse hungary with lacking solidarity they mean these things . 
  they even condemned the building of a fence on the first place . 
  on the other hand the migrants made it clear from the beginning , that they do n't want to stay , their desired destination is not hungary but germany or perhaps scandinavia i.e. 
  the rich countries of the eu . 
  they wanted to avoid registration as soon as they got the word that they could be sent back to hungary if they are registered . 
  now the government got fed up with the criticisms ( which were indeed often unjust ) from the media and from western politicians , and is saying ( in practice ) `` fuck you , here are they , let 's see how you respond , will you allow them in or close the border before them ? '', 
  they are now trying to shift the blame to austria and germany , which quite understandable . 
  it 's not a very friendly move towards austria , but after chancellor faymann attacking his government again today , orb\u00e1n had enough of this shit apparently . 
  unfortunately , however , i 'm sure that hungary will be the scapegoat in the media even after this . 
  according to the last news , hundreds of migrants left keleti and began to march on foot towards austria , escorted by reporters and police . 
  the police is not stopping them yet . 
  meanwhile those who are in the camps are rebellious , even threatening with mass suicide if they are n't allowed to austria until night . 
  germany did n't suspend the dublin regulation . 
  `` due to recent events the german embassy budapest allows itself to point out the following : the dublin iii regulation is the law in europe . 
  it determines that asylum seekers will be registered in the country and go through the asylum procedure , in which they entered the european union . 
  germany insists on compliance with these obligations . 
  the registration of refugees after crossing the border and the implementation of asylum procedures remain thus fully required . 
  the efforts being made under sometimes difficult conditions in each country to register the large number of refugees are laudable . 
  in the spirit of eu solidarity , we need a fair distribution of refugees and eu-wide standards that are adhered to in each eu member state . '', 
  of course they are duplicitous because they are still enticing migrants to try to get to germany without registration by accepting them . 
  still , they insist that other eu countries enforce dublin iii . 
  so it 's a catch-22 situation , if hungary enforces the eu law , it is labelled inhumane in the media .
