  lol , thats reddit in a nutshell . 
  did you read some of the posts ? 
  yes , there is a lot of circlejerking there . 
  but there is also a lot of legitimate shit americans say posted there . 
  triggered , much ? 
  for decades it was totally normal and accepted that it 's the medias job to inform the citicens what is happening politically around them . 
  there was always propaganda . 
  but in the last years propaganda / fake news / agenda pushing / opinion forming / ... became so extreme that the guy above me ( imo legitimately ) is scared of this . 
   that 's a rather scary attitude . 
  [ thats a rather new phenomenon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth_estate ), 
  4 years `` was / u/swarby right ? '', 
   pretty sure right wing political parties complain about islam sure , but do they complain about bosnian imams ? 
  never heard of that . 
   do n't think the general population here is happy with it either . 
  where is here ? 
  flair up !, 
   then again , one thing yugoslavia had done right was keeping a lid on religion . 
  yeah , freedom of religion , pss , who needs that ... 
  was there ever a government official of any country in this world that complained about bosnian imams sent to their country ? 
  for those who can read it : / r/spisak, 
   `` our opponents , the media and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions , that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned . '' thats outright best-korea speak, 
  the sad thing is they fought it and won it . 
  and now these fuckers are reverting it :(, 
   4 times more 3000 $ / 4, 
  red-white-catholiban , basically a nothern version of ourselvs, 
  the big ones ( fb , ms , apple , ... ) already are companies registered in ireland, 
  what are you smoking ? 
  and more importantly , where can i get it ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  but they ran on the same operating system ... 
  think about the reason why they could be pushed out . 
  it has nothing to do with a monopoly, 
   wordperfect , paradox , quatro , netscape i 'm old , so yes i do . 
   they all had better software than ms lol no . 
   ms copied them and drove them off the market . 
  so they made the better product ? 
  cold war, 
  no you dont . 
  believe me . 
  if you replace ` europe ' with ' / r/europe ' in your post than i would agree . 
  but i would argue that there is still much religion / religious influence / relogious traditions / religious institutions in europe . 
   most of europe is irreligious with more people being non-religious than religious . 
  how do you know ? 
  to answer ops question from my perspective : i 'd argue that religion is n't a big factor in an europeans everyday life . 
  i see it more as traditions and culture . 
  i see russia totally as europeans and find it almost funny that you have to ask if we see religion as an seperating factor . 
  thats the new / r/europe for you ... 
  croatia tried it when they came through the balkan route . 
  did n't even last 24 hours before the whole process collapsed because of the sheer amount of people, 
  with a rolling ` r ' aka balkans poor mans vowel, 
  the media should should do the job of the verfassungsschutz and or police ? 
  if the eurozone cant even afford christmas boni for greece 's pensioners than it deserves to go down, 
   white guilt is this even a thing in europe ? 
  sorry man , we ca n't all be that enlightened like you . 
  its called extremism, 
  of course not . 
  there is ublock available for edge, 
  immigration is a huge issue on reddit . 
  irl in germany not so much . 
  refugees will stay here untill the war is over . 
  illegal immigrants are already beeing deported . 
  same story like the last two times it happened since 91  no statistics on people sorted by race ? 
  germany an no statistics ? 
  lol . 
   bleaches the blurred faces of criminals now we 're getting into tinfoilhat territory ... edit : to to two and the statistic [ here is the statistic for 2015 ] ( http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/broschueren/2016/pks-2015.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) warning pdf . 
  the ( for you ) interesting parts begin at page 55 . 
  tl ; dr syrians are 8th place criminal wise . 
  thanks for your honest answer . 
  although i have to say `` it was half assed '' said by a serb to a croatian on the topic of vukovar - i mean that 's something . 
  worst part , i 'll upvote you . 
  honest question , not trying to stir shit : do you think from your todays position , with hindsight that it was worth it ? 
  nope . 
  we fucked that up all by our own . 
  you abused the memory of the victims of vukovar and jasenovac for a little bit shitposting . 
  i can only hope for you that this will not be your proudest moment . 
   today history marks 75 years of the genocide in jasenovac  today no it does not . 
  but nice shitflinging . 
  hope you are proud of yourself , dip, 
  it 's just a term, 
  dobro jutro !, 
  lovely view !, 
   the irony is that you 've done exactly what happened in srebrenica to us . 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  soon ... 
  no , they were hre . 
  hrv and srb were never united , never had a common king and never were in a common country until yugoslavia v1 .0 . 
  that was early 1900 . 
  germans are as proud of becks as americans are of bud light, 
  when shitposting saves lives ... 
  but seriously the fact that you remember the lufti\u0107e proofs marketing social media works way better than a pdf with do 's and do n'ts on their website, 
  lol , #flipflopstyle, 
  eh , costs you a hand a lag ... 
  if you 're lucky, 
  the germans intervented because of the refugee chaos in greece . 
  not the other way round . 
  no navy - no language . 
  easy as that !, 
   apart from reddit edgy right wingers, 
  the question is why is he 24 times more likely to be a suspect .
