while all saints ' day is practically merged nowadays with all souls ' day . 
  same here in austria , that all souls day traditions are moved up by one day - i suspect that the reason is , that people nowadays have to work on nov 2nd , so they do stuff they would have done on all souls day on nov 1st which is a national holiday . 
  ... that needs lots and lots of subsidies to be affordable - really a great idea . 
  the best explanatory video i have found : - unfortunately it is in german , no english subtitles available [ youtube ] ( http://youtu.be/ljxv-yfbpq8 ) a great talk in english , but much longer : [ youtube ] ( http://youtu.be/rthw9gauwno ) a short and dirty explanation in my own words : it is a scam of big transnational companies bringing food and chemical safety , as well as financial regulations down to the lowest standards present in either the eu or us and by introducing things like arbitration courts that rulings ca n't be improved by national governments without fear of tremendous penalty payments to said corporations . 
  vorarlbergerisch is definitely the most difficult for the rest of austria - but i think the most `` funny '' one is [ k\u00e4rntnerisch ] ( http://youtu.be/tnru0onew0u?t=52m40s ), 
  i ( austrian ) was surprised about that too - i wonder if they counted `` nicotine-junkies '' ( smokers ) among drug addicts - than i understand . 
  that 's a great metaphor :-), 
  that 's great to hear . 
  unfortunately hate speech from politicians encourages some people to act out with violence - like [ `` occupy pedophilia '' ] ( http://youtu.be/4_o-f5rimpc ) that 's definitely not a russian phenomenon , but happens everywhere where politicians or otherwise influential people spread hate - just have a look at uganda . 
  unfortunately no , as it was broadcasted on austrian tv, 
  same here ( austria ) ... and i was thinking about asking for suggestions for a good day to celebrate an `` europe day '' here on reddit - and it existed all along . 
  now i think we should think of some fun traditions for this day - what about pan-european beer - or chocolate tasting ? 
  i agree with ivegotwood but want to give some further explanations . 
  the `` hydrocephalus '' is even `` much to big '' for it 's own country : there is a certain ratio between the size of the capital city and the total number of inhabitants for most european country . 
  in the case of austria that ratio does n't work out . 
  - it only fits if you divide the population of vienna with the population of the countries that consisted the austrian empire pre-wwi . 
  my spontaneous gut-feeling would name salzburg as our most likely second city - if only for it 's role as a tourist destination . 
  but as stated before , there is a local government located in each of our 9 federal states capitals , but i am not aware of any national institutions being based anywhere outside of vienna . 
  by that logic we should send all the refugees to the us , uk and some east european countries . 
  those countries tanking in most refugees now did not join that war . 
   they do it so the immigrants do n't riot . 
  yes , and for that same reason gas chambers had shower heads . 
  see the point now ? 
  btw , also jails ( untersuchungshaft ) are overcrowded in eastern-austrian states because they have cought so many traffickers . 
  that 's why they coordinated with germany - and only after germany agreed to take them all they decided to practically `` open the border '' and ship them through as quickly as possible . 
  the other option would be to send them all back to hungary as they ( re - ) enterd the eu there or , if they have been registered in greece back to greece . 
  by that , making the load on hungary and greece much bigger . 
  is it fair to make just a few countries on the south borders of the eu deal with all the refugees ? 
  because it is so much safer when everybody drives on the same side of the road . 
  - just think of all the driving tourists in your country that do n't end ob on the `` wrong '' side after every right turn , and all the pedestrians that do n't just look on the `` wrong '' side when stepping on the street . 
  see that ireland and uk : you can do it !, 
  not as rare as one would hope . 
  at the last skiing word cup in beaver creek ( us ) they were repeatedly singing the wrong lyrics to the austrian national anthem :(, 
  it appears they bring them nearly to the border to austria but let them out in hungary , as austrian bundeskanzler refused to take orbans calls . 
   but with such a mass of people i am think there are some with ill intentions and they basically remain unchecked by authorities . 
  generally i agree . 
  but what i have learned in the austrian tv-news yesterday http://tvthek.orf.at/program/zib-2/1211/zib-2/10492112 is that there was a dangerous `` preasure cooker '' situation in budapest before the hungarian and subsequently the austrian authorities decided to no longer follow the current laws . 
  the correspondent in budapest sayd `` people would have died '' if the situation was going on for 1 more day . 
  after the discovery of the truck with 71 dead people trafficking gangs stopped taking pepople from hungary to austria and germany in fear of being caught by the increased road checks . 
  allowing refugees to buy a train ticket and travel that way is just ruining the buissnes of the trafficker gangs , it does n't increase the amount of refugees who show up in countries they should not be able to reach according to the save-third country regulation . 
  before finding the truck with dead people , every day police had found groups of disoriented people along the motorways between hungary and vienna where traffickers had abandoned them . 
  so you do n't follow eurovision or sports like skiing, 
   how is it in austria i am not entirely sure - but as austria is surrounded by other eu members ( apart from switzerland which is also surrounded by eu ) according to the current eu ruling , no refugee can enter austria legally other than by plane , because they are supposed to apply for asylum in the first eu country they enter . 
  edit : recording of the press conference : http://tvthek.orf.at/program/zib-spezial-fluechtlingstragoedie-auf-der-a4/10463827/pressekonferenz-zur-fluechtlingstragoedie-auf-der-a4/10470578/pressekonferenz-zu-schlepper-lkw-71-tote-bestaetigt/10470810 most of it is in german , but questions that were asked in enlish were answered in english ~ ~ live stream of the press conference : http://tvthek.orf.at/live/pressekonferenz-zur-fluechtlingstragoedie-auf-der-a4/10470288~~, 
  til our politicians can say something sensible once :  `` innenministerin johanna mikl-leitner ( \u00d6vp ) fordert , dass asylsuchende , die chancen auf anerkennung als fl\u00fcchtlinge haben , legal in die eu einreisen k\u00f6nnen . 
  my dirty translation : interior minister demands , that asylum seekers with a chance to gain asylum should have a legal way to travel to the eu . 
  that 's not the case at the moment so refugees are de-facto forced to rely on traffickers . 
  `` the main characters mum dies '' - so it 's basicly the same set up live every disney movie, 
  in orf where she had been presenting a lot since she left pro7 . 
  skiing is only a one-week activity for those not lucky enough to live near mountains , so i 'd guess that 's not it . 
  frankly i am surprised myself . 
  we here a lot about austrians being too fat . 
  - apperently just slightly less as most of europe . 
  thanks :-), 
  til there are `` categories '' in eurovision . 
  since i ca n't read the source , care to explain ? 
  i only know of the myth that `` these damn nordic countries just give the points to each other '' - is that official now ? 
  edit : btw , the last part was ment to be taken / s, 
  here too ( austria ) at least with my cable provider , i have n't payed attention to other comanies . 
  well , i got 1 . abortion ; 2 . road tax disque ( vignette ) ; 3 . drivers licence vor 17-year-olds 4 . diesel 5 . petrol --  in times of the google bubble the results someone gets might be less about the country and more about the person asking . 
  however , i have never needed an abortion , do n't own a car and am older than 17 . 
  wow , 
   furthermore , that is completely bullshit . 
  mind to go a bit more into detail ? 
  the fact , that a redditor thinks `` it is bullshit '' does n't really convince me . 
  are you really that naiv ? 
  some polititions stating `` do n't worry nothing will change '' while every document that is leaked proofes that these very points that are critisizes are negotiated . 
  most of the time drafts from big-buissnes companies directly make it into the documents . 
  they are welcome to sue goverments - through the juristical system that is already in place . 
  what is critizised is setting up a second , secret court system : `` isds is already firmly incorporated into many agreements . 
  it provides foreign investors with the right to sue states before private arbitration tribunals if the investors believe that they have been expropriated , discriminated against , or treated unfairly . 
  however , the protection against expropriation is increasingly being extended to such an extent that it also includes laws which were enacted for consumer or environmental protection , or were intended to protect other public interests ( `` indirect expropriation '' ) . 
  isds circumvents the regular legal process , and thus the ability to appeal to democratically legitimated courts . 
  the arbitration proceedings take place in secret , even though the public interest is hugely affected , because states can be ordered to make large compensation payments . 
  as taxpayers , we bear the costs for this . 
  no appeal is possible . 
  the ability to sue through an isds not only gives investors the possibility to dispute laws which are valid . 
  merely through the notification of expensive arbitration processes , it is possible to exercise impermissible pressure on the legislation . 
  the number of isds proceedings has increased greatly in recent years . 
  up to the end of 2012 there were 568 such proceedings , although not all cases are known . 
  in around 31 percent of all cases , the claimants won , in 26 percent a settlement was agreed , and in 43 percent the state being sued [ won . 
  ] ( http://unctad.org/en/publicationslibrary/webdiaepcb2013d3_en.pdf ) this means that in almost 60 percent of all cases the states had to pay ( because also a settlement normally means that states have to pay ) . 
  for example , at the moment the swedish energy giant vattenfall is suing the german government , on the basis of the energy charter treaty , against the german withdrawal from nuclear energy , and is claiming 3.7 billion euro in damages . 
  domestic companies , such as rwe ( a german utilities company ) , are unable to do this . 
  these arbitration proceedings have their firm place in the world of financial speculation : specialised financers of such proceedings take on the costs of suing and in return receive a proportion of any compensation which may be awarded later , or of a payment as part of a settlement . '', 
  about 12000 in vienna, 
  hi i ( a woman ) was there with a female friend - there was no uncomftable situation for us . 
  as discribed above the `` inviters '' in the tourist restaurant streets are very in-your-face but this is probably regardles of gender . 
  we were there not so long after the gezi-park protests so were a bit worried at first , but things had calmed down . 
  just a few riot-policeman hanging around at taksim-sqare , being bored . 
  my opinion : geoblocking mainly prevents people living in small countries from paying for content - because nobody sets up good , timeley streaming services in small countries . 
  regardles wether this content is from america , other european countries or the rest of the world . 
  what 's more i do n't really see a reason to thrive towards using purely one of the english-speaking countries versions of english . 
  i am happy to incorporate expressions from american , british , irish , australien etc. 
  forms of english into one global mix of non-nativ speakers english . 
  it is also how extending my vocabulary works automatically for me : if i come across a new expression i do n't have a seperate box in my brain to store them depending on if they come from watching elementary or sherlock ( us , uk ) , an australian youtuber or a southafrican newspaper article . 
  the only thing i try not to mix up is writing colour and favor in the same text . 
  maybe like me : been taught british english at school , but than watched tons of american tv . 
  in fact they are decreasing - have a look at the last graph , austria f. ex . 
  -16 % in the last month .
