  pronouncing jules verne `` dsch-u-l-e-s '' really annoyes me - and that doese n't even butcher my own languages . 
  people are not `` staring '' at you - they are just looking . 
  it 's not considered unfriendly here to look at people without starting a small talk or displaying a huge , fake smile . 
  americans usually feel they are `` stared at '' and those lookers somehow hate on them , but there are just different cultural norms . 
  also expect some other cultural differences , like restaurant etiquette - this video is also quite accurate about austria and switzerland : https://youtu.be/m3rctoiib6m, 
  there is a significant influx of orthodox jews since the fall of the iron curtain . 
  for some reason they mostly settle in the [ 2nd district ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leopoldstadt ) - the traditional jewish district before the holocaust . 
  walking through this district you will very likely see men in traditional jewish orthodox clothing . 
  i know of at least one modern ( reformed ? ), 
  jewish synagogue , so there are definitly non-orthodox but religious jews living in vienna , but as they do n't dress specially , i would n't know how many . 
  do n't forget the glorious \u00df !, 
  the $ sign is at least usefull for excel , though the programmers could simple give $ the same function . 
  its a remake of an austrian movie about the trapp family that was very popular at that time but is forgotten now . 
  when sound of music hit the cinemas , the sequel of the original movie had just run , so nobody was interested in seeing the story a 3rd time , so it never became a classic in austria . 
  ( also , all the hollywoody wrong depictions of austria would n't make it any more popular ), 
  how would you definde `` super bowl '' ? 
  most important sports event in your country , but only your country cares about it ? 
  i 'd say the streif - the most dangerous downhill race https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjejdjnabji, 
  yes, 
  in austria it 's the krampus - a non-human fantasy figure . 
  and because of that ( and them closing down the public channel ) israel wo n't be in next years song contest , as announced by the points-announcer from israel . 
  we invited them to participate when we hosted in 2015 - it was said to be a special thing for the 60 year anniversary and because australians are big esc fans , but consecutive organicing countries did n't un-invite them until now . 
  well , we did our best with 12 points from the jury , the rest of europe did n't agree, 
  to adress a female waiter in an oldfashioned coffee house , if you want to come across as an oldfashioned twat youself , yes . 
  but not as a way to adress a person - `` fr\u00e4ulein - another coffee plese '' but not `` this is fr\u00e4ulein maier '', 
  no adds during shows on austrian national tv - only between programs . 
  lots of co-productions with german tv stations , employing some german actors so that even a `` mountain doctor '' or a village priest speaks with a germany-german accent . 
  is it a change in cultur or maybe your age ? 
  i can agree on reforming the agricultural payments - for different reasons then you stated , but still, 
  what does it stand for ? 
  last time i flew to the uk there were n't any lines . 
  i still do n't see the point - why make an island with coastline all around a schengen outer-border ? 
  it just makes the schengen zone more insecure for all of us . 
  i still do n't see the point - why make an island with coastline all around a schengen outer-border ? 
  it just makes the schengen zone more insecure for all of us . 
  why not to canossa , as it is tradition ? 
  what benefit do you have of them being in schengen ? 
  can you quickly cycle across the border for a quick fix of authentic fish + chips ? 
  if you need an airplane to get there , you need to show identity anyway . 
  i would n't force schengen on them - them being an island , it would n't make any sense . 
  my offer is very tame : normal membership like everybody else , non of the british rabats they have currently . 
  oh , and they sould pay their depts to the eu of course . 
  bring some local speciality, 
  guessed correctly what video you would link to  thing is , most of them still use body part `` units '' like the queens feet ( or who 's feet is it ? ), 
  whenever commuication on the internet , which is really annoying, 
  thanks, 
  because it tasts nasty, 
  how does the remind-me-thing work ? 
  i think it was also in `` that sugar film '' https://youtu.be/nwbvxsh6dus, 
  oh , thanks for reminding me , 
  i ca n't think of anything tbh . 
  our former passports were dark green and kinda ugly - i much prefer the current colour . 
  school propaganda does n't happen at all here . 
  are you sure that 's not your national education office being stuck in the old thinking , just exchanging the content ? 
  the plates show that poland gets a lot of funding from the eu - they will disappear once your economy catches up and is n't entitled to such money-flows any longer . 
  yes it does - but the extent of the cuteness depends on the speakers dialect and the person speaking it, 
  neither , we associate them with newspaper sellers . 
  could be in vienna or any other city in the former austrian empire like budapest or prague , does look like a very ordinary building so identifying it will be difficult . 
  yes , there is no dead end in our education system . 
  if you go to the `` lower '' middle school and learn a profession afterwards , but then decide you want to go to univerity there are different schools you can take for that : a faster track will enable you to study a specific subject at university , a more intense school will allow you to study anything ( or change your subject ) . 
  we also read some old greek literature in german class : sophokles ' antigone and the odyssey comes to mind . 
  that file also had the long s - looks simmilar to an f. 
  thai, 
  no , clubs are n't connected to schools, 
   do you think your country is `` great '' no , [ aeiou ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a.e.i.o.u . ), 
  is enough for us , 
  as something that explains the strange plot of the zauberfl\u00f6te . 
  most people would be surprised to learn they are still a thing . 
  it had some relevance in the 18th century , nowadays it 's something only extreme-right conspiracy theorists worry about . 
   only case of vater/sohn i know is johann strauss , but that might be influenced by austrian german . 
  strauss is also the exception here , while for example pieter bruegel der \u00c4ltere / j\u00fcngere is the rule . 
  tap water , bread and `` modern '' windows, 
  all carriers can provide roaming - but it will cost you a lot , especially data . 
  roaming is how the comanies make most of their money . 
  also there are different kinds of year 9-13 high schools - to become a bank teller , you best go to a hak , to become an ingeneer to a htl , kindergarten teacher : bakip , higher tourism imployee : hbla also , if you learn a trade but later decide so do want to go to university , there are special kind of school and/or corses you can take that prepare you for university . 
  better then [ the tailor of the eiffel tower ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000055704052/franz-reichelts-sprung-vom-eiffelturm-oder-der-traum-vom-fliegen ), 
  why use technology if you can achieve the same thing with a singing bearded lady ? 
  tom turbo is alright , but i 'm more of the knickerbockerbande-generation . 
  general assumption from ignorant people is that you are n't `` really '' austrian but must have immigrated recently . 
  then they ask where you are from to pick the correct stereotype ( un employee to somalian drug dealer ) . 
  no because tv channels smaller than national level would n't make sense in my country . 
  pippi longstocking - my childhood hero, 
  i was not aware i had one until i came across a book with family coat of arms at a flee market a year ago - i took a photo of mine and later used it for ex-libris stickers for my family . 
  the coat of arms contains a lama for whatever reason , which fits perfectly as an uncle of mine has a herd of lamas and alpacas . 
  then add to that accidents by the gun owners themselves , their kids finding it , the success rate of a suicide attempt with a gun vs without ... 
  i quite like our [ fm4s reality check ] ( http://static.orf.at/podcast/fm4/fm4_reality_check_podcast.xml ) - downloadable as a podcast , 15-20min , or diluted with music on the radio . 
  their description is quite accurate :  reality check is radio fm4 's current affairs programme with interviews and analysis of stories from around the world . 
  we go behind the headlines with in-depth coverage examining how stories develop and why they are relevant . 
  it 's mostly in english , but the interviewees that prefer to answer in german can do so . 
  yes, 
  in recent years i have noticed some coverage of it on tv - apperently our local team is rather good in the eurobowl . 
  as i do n't recall it mentioned in sports news at all 10 years ago i 'd say that 's some groth . 
  watching it live : no thanks , all the pauses make it rather unwatchable to me . 
  oh til - i have heared of `` ohmei '' before but was n't aware that it was only the uncle on your mothers side . 
  yes , one grandfather was drafted age 17 , the other one was young enough not to be . 
  he does n't talk about in on his own , but when i asked he answered - the `` killing people '' part does n't get mentioned thought , rather the `` difficult journey to reach his unit at the front that nearly got them hanged as deserters after being injured and healed at a hospital and when all transportation lines were breaking down '' . 
  agreed . 
  i really appreciate the old stuff , i like visiting castles , roman ruins etc. 
  and think it 's cool that they are still around , but i never felt `` proud '' about it . 
  not in german - to differenciate you can ad `` m\u00fctterlicherseits '' or `` v\u00e4terlicherseits '' to grand parents , aunts etc.
