it came under victorians, 
  we really did very little , usually just one topic per year : reception : just the idea that some things we have now were n't invented year 1 : vikings year 2 : anglo-saxons year 3 : ancient greeks year 4 : romans year 5 : victorians year 6 : aztecs year 7 : tudors year 8 : brief recap of romans , tudors and victorians , brief overview of middle ages , english civil war and black american history year 9 : first world war we really did n't do much on foreign history , the 20th century , the british empire , history of science or exploration or what happened between the end of the tudors and start of the victorians . 
  boston , cambridge , norfolk , manchester , birmingham ... 
  they 're drunk, 
  lille , we went for a school trip , some of the students were mugged during the daytime , also there is a large homeless population and no public toilets , the local authorities just spray sweet-smelling pink crystals all over the streets to hide the smell , most of the shops are either pharmacies or sex-shops - presumably because it 's so close to the belgian border they 're selling things that are hard to get in belgium , every night all the vegetarians in our group just got a deep-fried block of cheese and some salad , and we went to a bowling alley that was blatantly also a brothel . 
  red in the south , brown in the north . 
  do n't know why , the brown even has a picture of london on the bottle . 
  greggs is definitely more popular in the north than the south , but even down here it 's still more popular than pret , that 's only really popular in london and that 's because that 's the only place where it 's ( comparatively ) reasonably priced . 
  greggs is definitely more popular in the north than the south , but even down here it 's still more popular than pret , that 's only really popular in london and that 's because that 's the only place where it 's ( comparatively ) reasonably priced . 
  i 'd rather leave everything i own behind than run towards a machine gun . 
  well , we had an election which no-one won , so now no-one really knows what 's going to happen next , so for now , sit back relax , enjoy the schadenfreude and wait for something to happen ( honestly this is more entertaining than game of thrones ) . 
  i 've noticed they do n't change the suffix for gender when they 're supposed to . 
  when people pronounce the t in french loan words eg . 
  when people pronounce the t in french loan words eg . 
  i do n't really see how you can call something central if it 's on the coast , therefore my definition is austria , czech republic , slovakia , hungary , switzerland , bavaria and silesia . 
  yeah but surely population is more important than area , and as the west is denser than the east that would move the dividing line more this way . 
  depends if you mean place names or people 's names ; welsh place names are horrendous but people 's names are pretty dull , things like steve williams , owain thomas or rhys davies . 
  well , most of our non-european immigrants are from india , so hinduism and sikhism , i think most people confuse sikhs for muslims though , because of the beards and headdresses , and i do n't think many people care about hinduism , but the more i read about it the more it disgusts me because of it 's caste system . 
  i do n't mean that i hate any individual hindus , just that that is one fucked up system and i hate whoever created it . 
  for all the fucked up shit the other religions do , they do at least * say * they believe in equality . 
  reminds me of something that happened here once , i was walking home form school on my own and an old lady suddenly appeared in front of me and started ranting at me for about 10 minutes because something another group of ( bigger ) boys , who were wearing the same school uniform as me , had done to annoy her , saying things like `` is your school a christian school ? 
  i bet it just says christian on the sign : you do n't know what that means . '', 
  and `` do you know what jesus would have done if he 'd been here and seen those boys ? 
  he would have sent them straight to hell , there and then '' . 
  longer opening hours : it 's such a pain when most banks , doctors , post offices and specialist shops are only open 9-5 monday to friday , and maybe a few hours on saturday , ie . 
  all of the hours when i have to be at work . 
  we have st georges day to celebrate the time some guy in turkey killed a dragon , it 's in april sometime , but no-one cares because we do n't get a day off . 
  probably the greens as all the other parties seem to despise the concepts of young people , science or both . 
  isaac newton , charles darwin , ernest rutherford and alan turing all studied here . 
  it 's pretty common here : it 's cheap , it 's fun and you can use any fruit you want to make things you ca n't buy in the supermarkets . 
  i used to try to learn some of the local language before i went anywhere but when i tried to use it people would just look at me like i was retarded and then speak english back to me , so it just felt like wasted effort so i never bother any more . 
  alfred the great , king of wessex : his was the only english kingdom to withstand the danish invasion in the late 9th century , at one point it was reduced to just the alfred with a few bodyguards and advisers hiding out in a swamp in somerset , from which he managed to raise an army in secret and throw out the danes from his kingdom adding london and the west midlands to his territory and starting the unification of england which was continued by his son and daughter : edward and aethelflaed , and finished by his grandson : aethelstan . 
  i was going to say benjamin disraeli 's `` half the members opposite are knaves '' then , when asked to retract by the speaker , said `` half the members opposite are not knaves '' but [ apparently it 's apocryphal ] ( http://quoteinvestigator.com/2014/04/19/half-fools/ ), 
  asterix and obelix, 
  definitely not by russian spies . 
  [ there 's a story of a man who officially changed his name because he had the wrong name on a plane ticket and it was cheaper to change his name than to change the ticket to the correct name ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/money/2015/jun/05/student-changes-name-by-deed-poll-to-avoid-220-ryanair-admin-fee ), 
  i think polish people ( and some other foreigners ) tend to try to actually pronounce the r in vowel + r sounds , when actually the r is not really a separate letter it just changes how the vowel is pronounced ( although er , ur and ir are all the same ), 
  yeah , it 's not spelled how it 's pronounced , it was an answer on an online quiz i did the other day and i had no idea how to spell it , i assumed massetusis or massechusis . 
  gdansk , in the north of poland . 
  bath is not underrated : it 's packed with tourists , they have organosed coach tours out of london that just go to bath , and while it 's a very pretty city in some pretty countryside , there 's not really a lot to do there , aside from the obvious , so it 's worth it for a day trip , maybe a weekend but no more . 
  seems to be missing the ones which are meant to be insults nottingham : shotingham swansea : the graveyard of ambition, 
  i saw that video and did n't get it , they were just speaking in a german accent , then at the end it turned out that yanks pronounce it `` squerl '' , they are wrong ; in proper english it 's pronounced how it 's spelled . 
  edit : funked by autocorrect, 
  tap water would seem the obvious answer . 
  not really ; there are a few other henges in the west country , that one 's only famous because it 's near a main road so everyone sees it when they drive down to cornwall , it 's not even the biggest , that would be avebury henge which is just 20 miles away , and you can actually go up and touch that one . 
  the `` mc '' rhymes with `` cook '', 
  it 's not that there are n't enough vowels : there are just too many consonants, 
  wait , so you can smoke before you can drink ? 
  there is an english word for that : wanderlust, 
  pretty much exclusively focused on british history ( mostly just the romans , tudors and industrial revolution ) , the only modules we studied on foreign history were the ancient greeks and the slave trade/black american history . 
  in french the letter h is never pronounced , but they still have it . 
  it 's not like an accent/dialect thing where they just drop it because they 're lazy ; it 's actually not supposed to be pronounced . 
  the spelling is a mess because the people who write the dictionaries are obsessed with the origin of the words , so the spelling is closer to how it was pronounced 1000 years ago than it is today ; for example wednesday is n't spelled wensdy because it 's origin is woden 's day ( woden is the old english name for odin ) . 
  while we did have to learn both the traditional and modern versions of the lord 's prayer we did n't have to recite it every day , although we did get a different prayer each day read to us in the morning assembly while i was in primary and middle school , but not in upper school , i did go to a church run middle school though , so the typical experience may be different . 
  here , if the public holidays fall on a weekend they move to the monday ( or tuesday if monday is also a holiday ) . 
  20 days plus an additional 1 for each year i work for the company , up to 25 days , plus 8 public holidays, 
  gaywood, 
  any one which has more holidays, 
  we have quite a lot of small pretty cities , international visitors only really go to york , bath , oxford and cambridge , but internal travellers might visit some of the others like durham , lancaster , norwich , winchester or chester , but the most overlooked one is probably lincoln , it 's got a large cathedral and a castle which used to be a prison and now houses one of the last original copies of the magna carta , i think few people go there because thre are no major roads which go there and i think it 's a bit out of the way on the railway network as well . 
  definitely centralised : the various county/city/district / borough/whatever councils are mostly corrupt as fuck single party entities with no opposition who just make up pointless jobs to give to themselves so they can pay themselves more ; and what do they even do ; just maintain the parks , decide what day you bins get picked up and accept bribes for planning permission . 
  pretending that a religious extremist military dictator was actually a charismatic hero who overthrew the catholic theocracy and invented democracy i 'm talking about cromwell, 
  [ explain this shit ] ( https://youtu.be/l4bmz1grqcc?t=117 ), 
  a chav is a subculture of young people who are violent and disruptive , think it 's cool to be stupid , likes sports and wears sport clothes all the time . 
  but the phrase has been misused by media/old people and become simply a derogatory term for a poor person , even though your traditional chav is probably more likely to be someone from a middle class background trying to be a wannabe gangster . 
  good omens by pratchett and gaiman as an aside it seems you got to read pretty decent books at school , from your list i 've only read catch 22 , which is my favourite book ever and of mice and men which is also decent , in school we just read really boring 19th century stuff about rich people getting married and trying to be pious , far from the madding crowd stands out as the most boring thing i have ever read . 
  you forgot the one where people put ferrets in their trousers , also pole-vaulting across dykes in the fens ; there is n't a lot to do in rural england , we have to make our own entertainment . 
  it 's less an upstairs/downstairs thing here and more `` does the host have expensive carpets ? '', 
  it depends on your host : most people are fine with you keeping your shoes on , but some will ask you to take them off . 
  just that the speed limits near the base have had to be drastically lowered because they keep trying to drive ob the wrong side of the road , but generally they 're welcomed as they 're paid really well so they end up spending loads off money in local restaurants ect . 
  not a national park , but an `` area of outstanding natural beauty '' : the north norfolk coast http://i.imgur.com/dvkz0jl.jpg http://i.imgur.com/l104n5y.jpg, 
  i feel like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/poy4wpq.jpg ) picture i took perfectly captures the mild yet persistent sense of disappointment, 
  it 's what the skin of sausages is made from, 
  salmiakki : salted licorice from finland ; not made with ordinary salt ( nacl ) but instead with ammonium chloride ( nh4cl ), 
  haggis is sheep 's heart , liver and lungs with oats and onions cooked in it 's stomach i do n't think stargazy pie is a real thing : i 've never heard of it outside of internet lists of weird foods, 
  there actually alright : really they 're not much different to a pancake with nutella, 
  i think the most underrated event in our country 's history is the glorious revolution ( 1688 ) , it 's generally massively overshadowed in history books by the english civil war ( 1642-1651 ) and while the civil war was much bloodier and would seem to have created greater change , most of those changes were undone within a generation , while the glorious revolution prevented the catholics from ever being in power in britain ever again as well as permanently establishing that parliament had more authority than the crown . 
  in a pub : `` yer not english are yer ? '', 
  `` ummm ... yeah '' `` oh sorry i thought you 's with them lot '' * indicates the group of co-workers i was with , most of whom are poles , spanish and hungarians * edit : i 'm also adding this old comment : https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3p3j8n/what_pisses_you_off_about_your_country/cw339uh?context=3 , although it probably would have been quicker to re-write the story than find the old comment, 
  been to : london , edinburgh , paris , berlin , warsaw , prague and helsinki would most like to go to vienna, 
  how do you pronounce ljubljana ? 
  the capitals of all of the big 3 of western europe : london , paris and berlin , they 're all crowded and expensive , but berlin is the worst , everything has a fee , the toilets $ 1 , the fold out disposable maps $ 1 , the bottle of water in your room $ 4 , you want internet that 's not painfully slow ; $ 5/night and 5 % tourist tax on your room , then there 's the fact that you constantly get accosted in the street by people trying to sell you things get you to give them money / sign their petition , then there 's so much security in so many of the tourist destinations that 's just a pain in the backside , you 're not allowed to take photos in others because of copyright and it 's not even a pretty city . 
  early days , my friend ; it 's not like hitler suddenly woke up one day and killed 6 million people , he had to get popular support and political momentum first , it 's not hard to draw comparisons between the rise of the nazi party and the current rise of populist parties and draw conclusions as to where this could be heading . 
  black pudding ( as part of a full english breakfast of course ), 
  absolutely dreadful ; almost certainly the biggest shit-hole in western europe , literally : there is a very large homeless population and no public toilets , the council just sprays sweet-smelling pink stuff all over the streets . 
  we went there as a school trip and a few people in our group got mugged in the middle of the day , 3 girls tried to mug my cousin but thankfully she got away , we went to a bowling alley that clearly turned into a brothel at night ( poles on the bar and a sign pointed upstairs saying vip , surrounded by provocative pictures ) , at the hotel all the vegetarians just got a deep-fried block of cheese and some salad very night , and being so close to the belgian border i think a lot of the shops we 're focused on thinks that are hard to get in belgium ; there were a lot of sex shops and ... uh ... `` pharmacies '' , in summary : worst trip ever , but this was about 9 or 10 years ago , maybe it 's improved since then . 
  it 's hard to have colonies when you 're a landlocked country, 
  as someone already said it indicates a secret , but it is usually used sarcastically , as in for a secret that everyone knows . 
  we had some swiss exchange students stay with us once : they all spoke american english . 
  also a polish guy from work was surprised that we say `` zed '' when he had been taught that it was `` zee '' in english , even though he speaks british english . 
  hmm , kind of a self-defeating question there ; part of what makes these places so great is the lack of tourists , if they had more attention they would be more expensive and less quiet . 
  anyway my answers are ; gdansk , the finnish archipelago and the north norfolk coast ( although a lot of posh londoners now have second homes there making it all expensive and up-market : still beautiful though . ), 
  there is no grey, 
  i went sailing in scotland for a week in april , i came back with a sunburned nose . 
  you can get kebab pizza here too : not in any of the big chains but in quite a lot of local takeaways . 
  but the honour of weirdest pizza goes to the poles who put ketchup on theirs . 
  there 's a few polish people at my work and they 're all in their 20s or early 30s and are educated to masters level in scientific subjects , but they still go to church every week ( driving 20 miles to the next city because there 's a catholic one there , and a protestant one would n't do ) , do n't eat meat on fridays and expect everyone else to be christian , it 's so bizarre to me because only maybe 5 % of people that young and educated are religious here . 
  i wish you could get czech beer everywhere, 
  a big silver fibreglass dome which houses a sports centre and is a listed building for some reason, 
  it is ( or at least was ) the date-rape capital of europe , which i leaned at school when they told us our home town was no 2 ( bury st edmunds if anyone 's interested or has ever heard of it ), 
  i think perplexed would be a better word than hate : we can not fathom why you vote in favour of arming every lunatic who wants to be armed and vote against universal healthcare and labour rights like paid holiday/maternity leave .
