  sligo is sort of a pretty word anyway . 
  almost comedic . 
  does anyone here actually believe that a 5 hour talk could dissuade a would be rapist ? 
  if you 've spent a life being taught that women are tools and that they 're mere animals to be used for pleasure and spawn production , i doubt this program would do anything . 
  ` glad you enjoyed !, 
  amazing pictures , they really made me feel homesick . 
  i hope you get to visit again someday soon !, 
  this is the kind of diplomacy that europe needs right now . 
  we have no reason to tolerate russia 's misbehavior or that of any african nation . 
  she earned it , it was a fantastic kick !, 
  define `` better place '' , because what you view as better , i view as stagnancy and decay . 
  where do you propose drawing the line ? 
  how much can i offend someone without losing my freedom of speech ? 
  who defines/punishes such offenses ? 
  is it offensive if i tell someone who does n't want to hear that the earth is n't flat that it is , indeed , round ? 
  is it offensive if i critique a culture that is n't my own ( and if it is , can they critique mine without fear of reprisal ? ) ? 
  safe spaces do nothing but establish double standards of free speech , which , you might appreciate , is a situation which is open to abuse by whoever wields the power of defining unacceptable opinions ( and defining what the `` safe space '' encompasses , which theoretically could be anything from a campus to a district or city or anything ) and can lead to the silencing of legitimate discourse . 
  i like your talk of making the world a friendlier place , and how you take that and use it as justification to attack my personal moral fiber . 
  in response ( and despite my cruelly hurt feelings ) i 'm not about to go and call for the powers which be to act in an authoritarian manner and silence you !, 
  i 'm also not going to try and sue you !, 
  because your freedom of expression , and your freedom to insult me , is truly what makes western society magnificent and diverse . 
  liberty is worth more than hurt feelings . 
  if rape needs to be discussed , it needs to be discussed . 
  proceed to a bathroom if you have n't the heart , because intellectual facilities are , by their very concept , places of discourse and sometimes brutal debate . 
  you have absolutely no right not to be called an insufferable twat . 
  you should be called out and shamed , in public , for preaching such repulsive weakness of both mind and soul . 
  there 's no place in this world for your fickle kind but the corrupted institutions that you infest , proceed to feel emboldened by , and then , with the approval of your equally deluded fellows , shout nonsense at a planet quite indifferent to your illogical sensitivity ( and truly petty complaints ) . 
  grow a spine or roll over and die . 
  you deserve no kindness or respect that is n't earned . 
  the camp of the saints . 
  what else needs to be said ? 
  muslim fashion is something of an oxymoron . 
  unfortunately i find all of my podcasts to be wildly biased one way or the other in terms of politics . 
  dan carlin , with his podcast common sense , stands out as a shining example as an analyst i trust to give relatively neutral judgements . 
  cheated and robbed !, 
  the institution is a sham and he has every right to be outraged . 
  an extremely eloquent description . 
  well done !, 
  our borders are our borders . 
  we are a people and have a right to defend ourselves from invaders , using whatever means necessary . 
  what does that have to do with the discussion again ? 
  i think it 's a stretch to claim it 'd make us more susceptible to corruption . 
  it 's not a stretch to say that our native expertise would prove invaluable to operations . 
  relative worth in this case has the very meaningful implication of specialist/expert availability . 
  combined with the english language and the proximity to old location , the argument becomes increasingly robust . 
  worthy just makes me kind of sound like a douche !, 
  but yes , valid points . 
  the netherlands and portugal combined would not match our right , or expertise . 
  i do n't mean that to be rude , but medicaments are one of our primary exports . 
  note that we have considerable economic interest in both drug and medical supply production ( experts readily on hand working corporately can come in handy ) . 
  medicaments make up roughly 20 % of our exports . 
  so yes , ireland can brag a fair interest in the subject , with the industrial expertise to match . 
  we 're simply the most worthy choice !, 
  at least our entire country is n't a swamp . 
  slight chance he might set your house on fire . 
  every male has roughly equal chances of reproduction in a monogamous society . 
  it 's completely counter to cooperation when the most wealthy and powerful receive more opportunities . 
  well that was all very apocalyptic . 
  wait , but are we friends ? 
  where do we stand , poland ? 
  being `` chill '' about it would entail judges refusing to enforce the constitution were a complaint lodged , so it 's pretty unrealistic to expect . 
  the status quo is unfortunate but better than living in a nation where the constitution could be undermined ( if authorities are able to ignore some constitutional rules , why not all of them ? ) . 
  the law is taken extremely seriously , as it unfortunately has to be until an amendment can take place . 
  jewish part of my family came from portobello . 
  they mostly all assimilated and i suppose the others who did n't simple up and left . 
  what used to be a well known jewish area now only consists of scraps . 
  cheers . 
  you will be incorporated into the irish republic and be accepted as part of our wider irish ethnicity . 
  it is inevitable . 
  we love you and are inherently imperfect until you are reincorporated into our celtic nation , whether it be against your will or not . 
  with a little luck ( and we tend now to be getting a lot of it ) , your children will be raised in the gaeltacht and contribute to the survival of the celtic peoples , to who you still rightfully belong . 
  this is our collective and absolutely inevitable destiny . 
  i hope that gives you some insight into the mindset of your opposition . 
  this objective holds biblical importance to us and it is the poetic flourish , in a sense , to herald the rebirth of native isle cultures . 
  how are we to know if never ? 
  a decade ago people never could 've imagined that the movement would gain as much support as it has now . 
  i can see scenarios in which the reunification wo n't occur until after my death , but there 's no good reason to feel discouraged when so much is on the line . 
  the objective and ideology are worth more than time , effort , and individual human lives . 
  they can act politically , as our discontents have for so long . 
  that 's the legitimate outlet and all else can be met with the legal defense of force employed by the government of our united isle . 
  you 'd swear as though we have n't patiently defended ourselves from blatant unionist terrorism , violence , and discrimination for generations . 
  political protest is their option , as it 's been for us . 
  sf 's concerns can not be silenced . 
  a unified republic representing all irish ethnicities is inevitable . 
  we belong as a nation . 
  the un is completely correct : the rampant racism taking place against native , white , europeans must come to an end . 
  we have a right to our indigenous cultures and to continue existing as distinct ethnicities . 
  it 's wrong that our homelands are being overrun and that we 're subject to such abuse !, 
  `` but when are they going to fuck ? '', 
  sums up my childhood thoughts ... 
  it 's either that or something worse , because letting these non citizens roam free is simply not an option any more . 
  they are too violent , too dangerous , and too harmful to our native ways of life . 
  if they refuse to cooperate they should be transported to holding facilities outside of the eu proper . 
  i 'm sure some disgusting hellhole with a shitty dictator could easily be bribed to comply and perhaps the fear of such a fate would go far to jog the memories of these hostile invaders . 
  i 'm sure the nhs is in for a ton of fun . 
  the u.k. 's interests do n't represent northern ireland and the republic 's problems are easier to fix/less incredibly dystopian . 
  reunification is coming . 
  an antiquated law that can be fixed is better than a system progressively becoming more totalitarian . 
  easily available and better than a nanny state that 's overly interested in every detail of its inhabitant 's lives . 
  northern family , you still have the chance to abandon the tyranny of england and join us , with all your political , ethnic , and religious individuality , in a united republic with equality and justice for us all .
