  does this mean i 'll be able to get my supply cheaper ? 
  and so , a new age of confection begins . 
  hmm , it disturbs me as well . 
  not as troubling as dozens of murdered dutch or the butchering of ukraine , but this could do legitimate damage to ireland . 
  coffee , ah , you make a compelling argument ... 
  we just do n't like to admit it . 
  bosnia and herzegovina , my new favorite . 
  i admire the netherlands and also iceland . 
  it 's hard to pick a favourite ... 
  you 're not necessarily wrong . 
  however , does n't their experience give an example as to how groups can come to terms and find alternative solutions to conflict ? 
  i would think that , if as you say , israel and sinn fein have shared beliefs concerning violence , sinn fein can be respected as having its conviction while still being able to find a more optimal compromise ( something israel and hamas have been unable to do ) . 
  this gives them an incredible amount of validity concerning the current subject . 
  i find it curious that people are more eager to turn the conversation subject around than actually discuss what sinn fein 's criticisms of the palestine situation are . 
  were they currently the bloodthirsty megalomaniacs hell bent upon their vision of the world as you portray it , we 'd still be in conflict . 
  you forget the `` kicker '' . 
  the war is over . 
  like it or not , they actively helped in working towards that end , and they did participate in crafting the peace we enjoy today . 
  you can call them hypocrites . 
  you can call their history unsavory . 
  but they 're participating in this debate with reasoned points , in a legitimate matter . 
  practice what you preach , right now , and hold them to the standards we do all other political parties in ireland . 
  nothing stated detracts from the fact that they 've recovered , operating peacefully , and that they 're clearly productive to be so accepted by society at large . 
  military funding does wonders for keeping firm friends . 
  if they did deign to assist the palestinians , the us would have even more of an excuse , atop the egyptian regime 's instability , to pull some major plugs . 
  egypt and israel have learned to co-operate to a healthy degree . 
  this is n't the ira that we 're talking about . 
  i might not agree with them but for fuck sake , they 're a different animal . 
  they 're allowed to state political opinion seriously because most of us legitimately believe they 've taken a peaceful/productive turn , and have proven such to both catholics and protestants alike . 
  it 's fair to say some of sinn fein 's members are guilty of past crimes , but for the most part they 're moderates currently . 
  even socially progressive to a degree . 
  they have n't done anything bigoted . 
  they disagree with another nation 's actions . 
  big whoop . 
  it 's amazing that all of the sudden people are coming out of the woodwork and making them out to be animals . 
  fair question . 
  `` nevermind the putin conversation , what about the flaws of your media ? '' . 
  it 's a needless/irrelevant redirect that distracts from the conversation . 
  again , `` whataboutism '' at work . 
  good luck , they 're behind 7 proxies !, 
  how popular would such a move be among the general uk public ? 
  it 'd certainly be a chance for both kingdoms to flex against a russia who has n't been so polite . 
  `` irrelevant island '' as they phrased you no longer !, 
  well , the uk and netherlands do have a joint battle-group . 
  they could act outside the eu , only using our logistics while under their own banners . 
  they already have streamlined communications , would n't have to worry about the other member states as much . 
  might cut deployment time down . 
  still might not be reasonable . 
  the joys of being a reddit general . 
  of relevance : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_eu_battlegroups, 
  there 's a chance it could work . 
  but who has the balls to step up to the plate ? 
  we do have to consider that our neutral members would need to have a legal debate over if such action would void their neutrality , unfortunately . 
  it 's a sound objective long term , but for now , nato might be the only hope . 
  i ca n't imagine the netherlands feels so good after suffering such a tragedy , only to see her allies flounder uselessly . 
  more than allowing a tyrant 's cronies to run out of control , we 've allowed our friends to be butchered without penalty . 
  tempting . 
  no unified eu task force for this salvage mission . 
  it 'd take weeks to sort . 
  as for the ukraine allowing a foreign or nato task force to take action in order to secure a section of their sovereign territory ... what could russia really do ? 
  further sanctions against ukraine ? 
  denounce the west ? 
  both would have repercussions for the russian economy . 
  the ball is in our court . 
  he is n't going to be dissuaded by verbal de-escalation . 
  does n't care about our dead dutch . 
  all we can do ? 
  isolate and bully . 
  ukraine willing , we should fortify those goddamn borders . 
  what 's russia going to do ? 
  attack us ? 
  they want to avoid nuclear conflict just as bad . 
  he 's only been building up momentum , and no matter what the `` putin-bots '' might say , i 'm sorry , this bastard is never going to give up on his dream of western expansion . 
  we 're being attacked , and it does n't look like he wants to stop until we 're left with a ukraine that 's nothing but impossibly fractured . 
  to answer the question though , i 've been told that iceland has fair prices , surprisingly enough . 
  good quality as well . 
  it 's definitely not in ireland . 
  seriously , shits a stress to source here . 
  even i feel burnt . 
  that 's a large effort to make against someone who 's either trolling or brainwashed . 
  insecurity ? 
  i do n't think we could ever discuss this as reasonable human beings , when you 're the kind of person that thinks `` flow controls '' should extend to online freedom of expression , that books need disclaimers , that homosexuals should be stricken down as flawed , that magnitsky 's imprisonment was the result of a non-corrupted legal system , that a unilaterally enacted referendum hosted by a hostile invader could ever yield accurate election results , -- what , exactly , are we supposed to interpret russia as ? 
  how are we not to be threatened and angry with a force that is actively bringing conflict to europe ? 
  it 's not democracy when the competition is forcibly silenced , when the central government controls the flow of information , when protests are quashed , minorities excluded from conversation , when there 's an army of individuals being paid to spam sites where debate can take place , and when people live in fear of honest expression/opinion . 
  not democracy , only a sham of a nation held together by the aspirations of a megalomaniac . 
  russia has invaded two of their neighbors in a span of less than 10 years . 
  it does n't take a genius to figure out where this expansion is heading next . 
  the same rhetoric used to justify the invasions of georgia and ukraine has already been employed against estonia . 
  it 's wrong for anyone in the eu to trust russia . 
  it 's wrong for us to trade with them . 
  it 's wrong for us to support , in any way , shape , or form , the veritable dictatorship that has shown time and time again that it 's willing to stomp upon the freedoms of others in order to promote the expansion of a mad nation at the expense of all else . 
  you 're silly !, 
  we did n't have an army last time you tried . 
  it did n't end well for you . 
  to war . 
  ireland here . 
  we 're sending our army 's gun to contribute in the fight . 
  prepare for the battle of clontarf , part 2 !, 
  what i 'm saying is that if russia would like to invade its neighbors , it has to understand that it 's going to incur a cost , and the cost in this scenario should have included those battleships . 
  i find russia 's aggression to be quite compelling , and the european outrage should prove quite sustainable .
