around the crash anti-polish sentiment peaked . 
  we needed someone to blame . 
  circumstances like this took place : http://www.thejournal.ie/magda-says-irish-independent-story-was-completely-not-true-344025-feb2012/ . 
  tltr : newspaper mistranslated article , bashed polish woman , made the rest of the poles in ireland sound like animals . 
  was all hate mongering . 
  not bad now however , so far as i know . 
  people speak highly of them . 
  shared values/religion make for an easy fit into society . 
  more vacations ruined !, 
  sure , we 've stolen a fair portion of the poles . 
  our secret recovery weapon . 
  why do you hate irish people so much ? 
  you keep popping up either attacking them or just spouting hibernophobic comments for the hell of it . 
  that is n't right , or constructive . 
  we 're really not out to get you . 
  we normally get on well with scandinavians , these days . 
  i think you misunderstand what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm suggesting that what he caused was an accident essentially , and that he 's fortunate there 's a cost he will avoid paying in tort . 
  i 'd be interested in hearing someone with legal experience examine the event . 
  sorry for my thought crimes , and the fact that seemingly makes me a fascist . 
  kind of like shouting fire in a theater . 
  less shouting . 
  more coffee . 
  also ( probably ) lacking the intention of causing panic . 
  this will be an unpopular opinion , but had he been my fellow passenger , i 'd hope he 'd be punished for his lack of judgement , and the delay he 'd caused me . 
  hundreds of people made wait on a stinking airplane , inspection equipment and specialists needing to come in , the bureaucratic expenses . 
  if it 's not he who should pay , then who ? 
  the irish ? 
  his home ? 
  the airlines ? 
  this is n't an `` act of god '' . 
  this also is n't cheap to investigate and give the `` all clear '' to . 
  he 's caused a serious `` accident '' , in a sense . 
  this is n't something that any airlines staff would ignore , or that any corporate/governmental agency would pass on investigating . 
  his actions had a consequence . 
  * edit because spellingz . 
  well , someone 's still angry over clontarf . 
  for the record , '' wuyfufyyyfffyyfbbydyyyyuddyyyyd '' is welsh . 
  * when will you crazy vikings ever learn ... 
  typical night in the club . 
  off our tits on e , dancing with a brush . 
  they still hang french flags in ballina to commemorate the short lived franco-irish army which operated in the area . 
  we love you france !, 
  here 's some love to portugal . 
  rich history , lovely architecture !, 
  i think you should question if any american institution can be trusted on the subject . 
  pro mutilation activists have been lobbying in the united states for decades , and there does n't seem to be truth to any of their claims of a medical benefit . 
  now i know you really are confused . 
  your comment does n't address anything regarding the statement i made , aside from insulting me based on my nationality . 
  i think you must be really confused . 
  ireland is n't part of the nato . 
  it 's the countries who 've experienced what it 's like to have a neighbor that treats you like prey who 're wiser that the action we take today to stunt the development of a monster could potentially stop war from occurring in the future . 
  i 'm not beating any war drum , and i never suggested violence . 
  if you truly value peace though , you should know that russia is n't the country you should be giving weapons to . 
  i 'd trust a polish opinion on the subject , and i trust their denouncement of france if they 're willing to put so much on the line . 
  poland should n't be alone in standing up against our enemies . 
  supplying weapons to a foe is treachery , and unacceptable conduct for any eu member to partake in . 
  a threat to warsaw must be treated like the threat to brussels that it is . 
  which is why i , on behalf of all ireland , declare my love for iceland . 
  sorry netherlands , i love you as well , but iceland is so cool ... 
  we 've already been paying for our water . 
  irish water is a scam . 
  that was one of the most entertaining/awesome battle articles i 've ever read on wikipedia . 
  well played poland , well played, 
  i think you need to reread my comment . 
  sure , but i can understand the passion people have about the issue . 
  it 's for the north alone to decide , i suppose . 
  it 's a subject of much confusion for tourists . 
  people on both sides of the border can get offended when you refer to it by the `` wrong '' name . 
  there 's nothing worse than angering your bus driver !, 
  i 've also unwittingly bashed people , as i 'm from the republic and naturally call it derry . 
  you ca n't make the irish go to rehab !, 
  we do n't have a problem !, 
  we can stop whenever we want to !, 
  we can stop whenever we want to !, 
  how can we be `` bedfellows '' if you do n't first prove that our fellows have a right to bed together ? 
  some do it better than others . 
  irish meats and livestock are of an exceptional quality , not that i 've a bias . 
  we 've made good on our eu obligations at every turn and do n't deserve to be bashed for having subsidies for some agricultural operations given by an organisation which we proportionally support . 
  at any rate , ireland is incredibly suited towards crop production , so far as location , soil quality , and climate dictate . 
  people from israel to china seem to think the quality of our products is something worth paying for . 
  everyone in my family who had military aspirations just joined the uk . 
  they were treated with respect and have mostly good things to say about it . 
  i 'm in favour of joining a cohesive eu force , but to be honest we 're more use to the world as peacekeepers . 
  at any rate , nato already uses some of our facilities , and i know the irish rangers do training with the americans , so we 've not much more to contribute than that !, 
  with the state of europe your dream might come true sooner rather than later !, 
  i 'd agree to this . 
  it 'd be naive not to recognise the long term threat posed to our eastern members . 
  russia is a militant enemy , and only a fool disarms and demilitarises when neighbours with a fascist who 's made their dreams of empire known . 
  rabbits for ireland . 
  you ca n't destroy us if we fuck enough to replace the dead !, 
  who needs a pile of dicks when your capital has a great monument like the spire you can worship ? 
  another reason to admire them , as if we needed more cause to . 
  mistake !, 
  that picture of `` cork '' you posted is actually a town called `` cobh '' , which is in county cork . 
  this was their plan all along . 
  send convoy , claim it was attacked , use that as justification to send in larger `` peacekeeping '' force . 
  awesome thread . 
  mussolini 's fever dream . 
  this is the stuff of wet dreams .
