  as you phrase it , this `` global ill will '' is all the better for excusing a renege on our part of this deal . 
  it 's not unheard of , and it is justified for our own security . 
  i 'm saying that your calculation of `` zero chance '' is a grievous miscalculation . 
  i 'm saying that france has lost prestige among its allies for going through with the deal , and has done nothing but fueled euro-skepticism , which will in the long term carry its own economic consequences . 
  russia may not be as clear a threat to you and i , living comfortably in ireland . 
  however , it 's naive to ignore her obvious aspirations of regional dominance , and the long term dangers acceptance of such poses to our baltic allies . 
  the falklands are part of the united kingdom . 
  it 's not up for debate , and it 's not a question . 
  i 'm saying that it 's a great idea . 
  because the short term economic repercussions are dwarfed by the consequences of arming someone who 's clearly playing a long term military game . 
  let 's rephrase the comparison . 
  i 'm a citizen of saucyland . 
  pretzelburg invades my neighbor hotdogistan . 
  by continuing to sell weapons to pretzelburg , i am actively supporting his invasion of hotdogistan . 
  does this make more sense to you ? 
  the `` word '' has been broken . 
  russia has violated agreements made in the ukraine , with the un , and against basic human dignity and right to self determination . 
  the question is simple : what would they need to do in order for you to judge that we can renegade on an agreement to sell them arms ? 
  they obviously did n't enter into the arms deal in good in faith , so what do we owe them exactly ? 
  were the eu to come under direct assault , we 'd have no choice but to either defend or leave . 
  i 've heard it argued that assisting in the protection of another member would be considered a defensive action , and therefor not explicitly ( only effectively ) void our neutrality , but that 's up for debate . 
  you 've failed to dispel my analogy . 
  a megalomaniac with a history of invading his neighbors has come to power in a nation whose citizens are being systematically isolated and brainwashed . 
  he 's openly stated his desire for the days of russian empire and will obviously use force to have his way . 
  what more would he have to do for you to interpret him as a clear and present danger to all europeans ? 
  you 'd keep your word to sell one neighbor a gun after watching him rob someone on the street ? 
  that 's what i 'm interpreting . 
  russia broke its word the moment it invaded ukraine . 
  france is part of our european union , and seeing as how a militant russia threaten estonia , lithuania , latvia , and ukraine , yes , france is affected . 
  the rest of us expect her to not to give weapons to a people who 're obviously belligerent . 
  europe , submit to the new net overlords . 
  we will surf the web in ways you can not comprehend . 
  we will spam your subreddits with `` traditional music '' sessions . 
  you will gaze at nothing but the face of our dear leader . 
  you will be assimilated into irish culture . 
  you can not escape . 
  shitty ? 
  far from it . 
  where i 'd like to live in europe if i was something other than white ? 
  far from it . 
  so , you think your country is cosmopolitan ? 
  cute . 
  if you think sweden is more tolerant than the united kingdom , you 're going to have a bad time . 
  my statement holds . 
  that is not a pretty body !, 
  while the utility of gm products ca n't be denied , they can cause the reproductive neutralization of `` non-gm '' crops . 
  we 'd be permanently enslaved to a corporation that can do whatever it pleases with prices once it 's become the only option available . 
  improve the product not to be so blatantly belligerent , then i 'll jump on board . 
  it 's actually used ? 
  russian propaganda quality has really gone down the drain ... 
  no calling me a troll until i play the `` you 're clearly a fascist '' card . 
  all i 'm suggesting is that if you were as passionate about solving your nation 's legitimate problems as you are hateful against an already besieged and relatively powerless people , perhaps we 'd be on the road to actual progress and ethnic reconciliation . 
  have n't missed . 
  see symptom/disease . 
  your second statement ? 
  ireland and her neighbor , england , spent hundreds of years demonizing each other . 
  populations despised for both fair and fictional reasons . 
  we waged war . 
  unimaginable crimes were perpetrated . 
  there was never an end to this cycle ( and could never be ) , and only with the formation of a mutually reverent relationship , we 've shared more and found that not only can our cultures both survive , but that the previous toll of human suffering in no way beats the progress ( philosophical , economic , and scientific ) that results when two people can truthfully engage/develop as equals . 
  nothing that you 've said would give your predefined `` enemy '' the idea that you 'd ever see them as anything but trash to be disposed of . 
  have we learned nothing ? 
  by the way friend , i like how you do n't address anything that i posted while instead choosing the productive path of calling me names . 
  you 'd dub yourself a superior dictator of societal right and wrong ? 
  you 'd expect any group to trust you ? 
  if my own home nation launched a rhetorical campaign much like yours against me , damn straight i 'd be engaging in anti-social behavior . 
  damn straight i would n't send my kids to your schools . 
  i 'd be venomous to you as well if you preached the destruction of my ethnicity , and i would n't give a hoot about laws crafted by a cultural elitist who called my people trash . 
  there 's such a thing as confusing symptom with the disease , and the disease , in this case , is that we 've been alienating a people and then expecting them to be more like us . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  when has positive change ever resulted from such a solution ? 
  only cleansing in the name of mad men . 
  since some people might find your post tltr , i 'll give a quick summary . 
  this lad is saying that because he deems a people lacking in taste , smelly , alcoholic , etc , we should more or less kidnap their children and enact a regime of cultural reeducation . 
  my reply ? 
  unilaterally enacted cultural modification has not once in history been code for anything but ethnic destruction , and to support a world where this is acceptable can only eventually result in someone else , who believes themselves somehow superior to you , enacting the same regime because the people of earth find this process to be righteous . 
  i refuse to find anything other than barbarism in forced `` conversion '' or `` enlightenment '' . 
  it 'd be funny without the ring of being someone 's actual truth . 
  i think we 're going for the `` not racist if we hate everyone '' defense !, 
  you 'd swear some of the people here were talking about animals . 
  frightening . 
  if you truly believe your nation 's problems are all to blame on a marginalized , alienated , and ruthlessly harassed ( you 'd be non-skeptic of a government so set against you and craving a target ? ), 
  people , you 're committing a severe oversight as to daily government mismanagement , corporate greed , and legal dysfunction . 
  things which are actually to blame for market woes and your perhaps falling quality of life . 
  those are things which actually need fixing . 
  not races . 
  this is reddit , not the dota allchat . 
  i do n't want my country to be in an eu which actively arms nations who are very clearly and truly belligerent to their neighbor 's territorial integrity , and who despise the tenants of multiculturalism , free thought , and social justice . 
  things which we supposedly came together as a union to defend . 
  shame on france , and shame on germany . 
  i just want to take this chance , to anyone interested in european developers , to call out the excellent amplitude studios of france !, 
  has ireland taken any antagonistic action against greece in this context ? 
  all discussion , so far as i 'm aware , has been internal and self dissecting ( could we have acted differently to obtain better terms ? 
  germany exacerbates a problem , gets into trouble , and then suddenly it becomes everyone 's duty to help them . 
  fancy if we had such pity towards the `` pigs '' nations !, 
  aside from that though , why should we be importing populations who should be busy reconstructing their own societies ? 
  let them fight isis or authoritarian regimes . 
  let them try to eke out a living in the places that their culture has helped render a hell . 
  who knows where these men are coming from , but people desperately fleeing war are n't so homogenous ( sex and age wise ) and certainly are n't so picky when it comes to rations provided , accommodations given , and documentation . 
  you 'd be shocked how many cowards and liars we have at the gates , and who could honestly desire either ?
