  the us was n't acting out of kindness : it was acting out of economic self interest . 
  when the population got too large they were more than happy to halt the flow . 
  so far as my argument on cultural simularity , the proof of this can be seen from the fact that , while relatively a fresh population in the united states , a large chunk of it being only 2 generations old , the irish are completely assimilated . 
  meanwhile the 2nd generation populations from the middle east and africa who 're residing in the uk are becoming increasingly alien to their hosts , and the integration problem is actively getting worse . 
  all ethnic groups , populations , and nations , have the right to exist . 
  that extends to races . 
  if you said that you wanted to import several million people of middle eastern descent into singapore , you 'd be accused of racism , and technically you 'd be a proponent of genocide : the technical definition of genocide covers removing an indigenous population 's chance of effectively reproducing itself , and as we can see , in several cities in europe the natives have largely been replaced by foreigners . 
  that 's cultural warfare and genocide . 
  yes , people did say the same things about the irish . 
  which prompted them to better perfect themselves , shed the unworthy parts of their previous culture , and strive even harder to be respected in their new homes , which , of course , eventually paid off for them . 
  these populations ? 
  they exist mostly on government payouts and have shockingly low employment rates , enforce foriegn standards of culture in the zones they inhabit , enforce religious law when allow to reach critical population mass , and then cry racism whenever someone calls islam a backwards and horrifically bigoted religion . 
  had the irish done any one of those things that modern muslims are doing in the eu right now , they 'd have been ejected or worse . 
  your comparison is completely illogical and you 've still failed to address any of my points about why mass immigration is damaging to the eu . 
  you accuse me of whataboutism and then proceed to do it yourself , while completely ignoring all of the reasons i listed out which render the argument completely void . 
  immigration legally done under a quota , with forced assimilation , similar cultures , and in an economy that needs the new comers ( especially if they 're eager to work and wo n't be on welfare for decades to come ) , is not that same as hundreds of thousands of random people storming over the border and then refusing to learn european languages . 
  legal immigration , followed by total assimilation . 
  the lack of terror attacks was also nice . 
  the key which you do n't understand was legal . 
  countries have a right to both open their borders and shut them . 
  the us wanted irish immigration so allowed it . 
  if you 'd bother to read on , you 'd find that the us actually made use of their right to halt . 
  the kicker ? 
  no one called them racist for doing it . 
  how legal , how accepting of assimilation . 
  we were invited , we assimilated , we improved ourselves , followed the law of the places we ventured to , and actually obeyed immigration quotas . 
  we also work . 
  the comparison you make is nonsensical . 
  these migrants must be held to the rule of law . 
  of course they 're human , but so are we . 
  we 're the people of ireland and we have a right to enjoy the homeland that we ourselves toiled and bled to make prosperous . 
  to deny us the right to peacefully exist is to force us to join our allies in defensive action . 
  go demand of other nations that they give as much as we already have . 
  the burden is being unfairly placed upon the shoulders of our union , and though i would not claim to have solutions for all of the planet 's problems , i will warn you that the current path leads to a crisis of national identity that 'll dwarf the migrant issue both in terms of bloodshed and economics . 
  so colonialism is to blame for everything ? 
  convenient . 
  so no one 's backwards culture , religion , or government to contribute to the fact that they come from hellholes ? 
  we 're not to blame for something that we 've had no hand in , and people need to accept responsibility for their own actions , own nations , and own warped cultures . 
  ireland does not deserve to die because other nations refuse to advance to the modern era . 
  this is someone else 's problem : it 's their own !, 
  we have every right to shut the eu 's border . 
  we are sovereign states governed by the rule of law . 
  we have every moral justification to use even the most brutal and extreme means to defend ourselves . 
  you betray both your republic and the union as a whole by vouching for this invasion . 
  all ethnicities have a right to exist . 
  that response is the written equivalent of covering your ears and screaming `` lalalalala '' . 
  i urge you to look into the statements i made about most migrants coming to europe primarily for economic reasons , and the fact that even the ones fleeing war are unjustly refusing safe haven on their way to europe . 
  your attempt at empathizing with these folks is quite frankly a disrespect to your ancestors . 
  the majority of these people are not fleeing war zones . 
  the overwhelming majority of them have also passed through safe nations , and refused to be lawfully processed . 
  these are by and large economic migrants seizing the opportunity to collect welfare ( i suggest you check out the employment rates ) . 
  another thing about your ancestors . 
  they were expected to assimilate . 
  they lived during a period of time during which cultures could be seriously criticized for their flaws ( and through so , be repaired ) , religious beliefs could be called barbaric , and the stifling `` social justice '' of today did n't craft a system which would lead to their perpetual existence being confined to horrifically backward ghettos . 
  your ancestors , i 'd gamble , put in the effort to at least learn the native language of where they fled to , whereas these populations are actively resisting reeducation and relocation programs aimed to assimilate , in favor of forming population centers with their own benighted versions of law , education , and religion . 
  had your ancestors done as much , they would of been ejected from their new home without a moment of hesitation . 
  you share nothing in common with those ancestors you use to justify your false morality . 
  it 's completely absurd that that 's your only defense in favor of this catastrophe , and , of course , it 's more blind emotive appeals than actual sense . 
  to a previous question i posed , why must we take them ? 
  no one calls japan evil or racist for not taking refugees . 
  no one is bashing singapore or china . 
  another fun fact , if you want to play the morals game , it 'd be more cost effective for the eu to finance the creation of mass refugee camps to support migrants in both africa and the middle east . 
  they could return to their theoretically war torn homes after the end of conflict , we 'd be able to support more of them due to reduced costs , and they 'd never have to struggle to assimilate in a foreign nation , tolerate our openness , or learn our languages !, 
  the only thing stopping us from enacting such a solution are people like you , who 're too snobby to deign that perhaps , they are indeed , misinformed . 
  you finally pose an argument and it 's an appeal to emotion !, 
  you should feel very disappointed with yourself . 
  an unwanted intrusion into another 's space . 
  an incursion by a large number of people or things into a place or sphere of activity . 
  but so , it 's simpler to show the shallowness of your argument by ( you yourself ) wrongly grasping a definition . 
  to debate on your part would just exemplify the lack of reasoning behind our current border policy . 
  people like you have no logic , no rational , but a deep seated self hatred and sanctimonious conviction that their false liberalism is innately superior to all other modes of thinking . 
  there 's still time for you to inform yourself and understand the severity of the threat the union faces . 
  there 's no reason to live under the ignorance that you 've been brainwashed into . 
  i like how your comments address none of my arguments . 
  the current system of `` migration '' is so obscene that the only defense which exists for it is mindless `` good will '' , which has only so far resulted in damaging both european native populations and foreign invaders . 
  you 're preaching sickness , through and through . 
  they 're doing plenty of killing , also , the world 's muslim majority nations do more than their fair share of the globe 's enslavement . 
  as for `` ethnic purity '' , you do n't have to be genetically irish to become one of us , but you must adopt our culture , respect our laws , and should follow the standard means of citizenship acquisition . 
  there 's absolutely no productive or moral reason to tolerate the formation of foreign ghettos . 
  what you 're stipulating is that we sacrifice ourselves for some unknown reason , and all so that we can better cultivate and support people who do n't care about our native cultures , sense of justice , history , or yearning to survive . 
  demand that african , asian , and middle eastern nations accept this many people into their homes , and you 'll be accused of genetic warfare , social intolerance , and economic naivety ( once those folks finish laughing in your face ) . 
  the fact that you hold europeans to a double standard is proof either of your bigotry or foolishness . 
  * furthermore , this is wholeheartedly an attack on our economies . 
  the migrants do nothing but drip our welfare systems dry and lower the value of native low income workers ( who 'll be undercut by people who most likely wo n't be paying full tax , will be receiving food stamps , government aid , sending money home and not into the native economy ) . 
  what you 're arguing for is ridiculously racist , economically/environmentally unsustainable , and fundamentally evil , beyond all else . 
  we 're under attack . 
  defensive measures must be taken . 
  europe is for europeans . 
  we 're sovereign territories with native cultures , languages , and ethnic groups . 
  go tell the africans , muslims , asians , or any other group of non-while people that they need to accept genetic and cultural destruction , and they 'll promptly tell you to go eat shit and die . 
  well at the very least someone 's doing the moral thing . 
  mental illness should n't be normalized . 
  to our northern brothers and sisters , a day of reunification is coming . 
  may and the dup represent an increasing trend towards absolute fascism in the u.k. and it 's to you to vote against them . 
  in ireland we can at least call ourselves free and not be suffering an illusion . 
  the kingdom has devolved into a surveillance state where your every online action is recorded ( and god forbid you try to access pornography ) every street is perpetually monitored , and the freedoms of speech and opinion have been mangled beyond recognition . 
  unless you choose to reunite our island , you 'll be forced to languish behind a border wall while the rest of the civilized world progresses . 
  join ireland , because no matter your ethnicity or religion , we belong as a united people . 
  i 've heard many irish comment that `` if we were n't so busy squabbling we could 've taken over the world '' . 
  it 's fun to imagine , but not as fun as having decade old familial grudges .
