  we irish , north and south , belong as a single nation . 
  do n't let england wall away your birthright , or ours . 
  we are fundamentally imperfect without you , and you are under a regime of careless tyrants who 've clearly presented that they could n't care less about your future or our relation . 
  join us brothers and sisters . 
  we love you and want to share this island as our home together . 
  the end of us support was inevitable , but it 's unfortunate that it comes at a time when the union is already unstable . 
  on the bright side , increased self reliance could strengthen our production industries , border defense capabilities , and sphere of influence if the entire eu was coordinating . 
  the end of peace is always inevitable and we need to be prepared to make war with or without america 's help . 
  border defense must be our top priority as a union and the us was never going to solve the barbarian migration taking place anyway . 
  at least we have discombobulated hordes to deal with rather than an army . 
  we 've been naive to believe that we 'd always be protected and the violent migration taking place proves that . 
  it 's time to build walls , lay mines , and mount guns . 
  it is necessary to fight for europe . 
  ireland is our home and it 's to us to preserve it . 
  better people than you and me died to make it so . 
  all of those who do n't belong to the isles , or the eu , should not be welcome here . 
  i am a native of connaught ( family of sligo , roscommon , galway , and traceable stretching back to br\u00e9ifne ) and this is my home . 
  people are getting angrier . 
  worse than rhetoric will come if we are continually ignored , but peace can still be achieved if this mindless horror ceases . 
  this is genetic warfare against my ethnicity . 
  our country should not be inviting these intruders in . 
  this makes me feel ashamed to be irish and it 's to all of us to resist this abominable practice before it destroys us . 
  these people do not belong here , and will never assimilate , and will never , ever , be irish in any sense . 
  the hatred we should all feel against these interlopers is more than justified : they 'd see our homeland twisted into the same benighted hellholes they 've just fled . 
  we should be preparing ourselves in the same fashion . 
  the end of peace is inevitable . 
  so you 're seriously saying that you do n't think her statements did anything to encourage more refugees to come ? 
  merkel 's open door policy was just the same as an invitation , in effect . 
  it has cost thousands of lives , billions of dollars , and the political stability of the eu itself . 
  the burka is a symbol of slavery and sexual inequality . 
  it has no place in europe . 
  power to the brave austrians willing to risk so much in speaking out against such an abominable practice . 
  non-irish individuals who enter my country uninvited , after passing through multiple safe zones free from violence , should have no rights . 
  they are not deserving of them . 
  this is our homeland and we are the sovereign . 
  it 's by our decision alone if we should recognize what another human deserves ( be it the bullet or the deportation ) , and not germany 's business to interfere with . 
  the proclamation of an `` unlimited cap '' is an open invitation that our borders are null and void , and if our borders are completely void , we 're no longer nation states in any sense of the concept . 
  fancy a german preaching to us about what basic rights are . 
  less than a hundred years ago our forefathers slew those of your kind who were equally twisted and bent on the destruction of european cosmopolitan civilization . 
  the depth of your hatred towards your fellow europeans is so incredibly vile . 
  but perhaps it 's for the best . 
  better the eu dissolve than be lead by the tyrant that is germany . 
  the marginalization of native ethnic germans in favor of a backwards group willing to sexually assault your kind by the thousands seems to be a relatively blatant betrayal of german interests . 
  the financial turmoil stirred in hosting these barbarians distracts billions of euro which could 've been used to subsidize defense , the sciences , reproductive promotions , and cultural undertakings . 
  but germany is only a small component of the mass suffering and financial burden placed upon the other eu members who now have to deal with the immigration crises exacerbated by germany 's self loathing . 
  millions of backwards individuals who 're both unfit to work and unwilling to assimilate now uselessly stir within our borders , and it 's been clearly presented that they are n't interested in ever becoming german , or irish , or french , or english for that matter . 
  they seek only to out reproduce us and convert our homelands to their benighted ideology . 
  if germany wants to die , it should find a way of doing so alone . 
  which seems to be a bit of a double standard , seeing as how it was germany 's irresponsibility which played such a part in exacerbating the crises with her delusional invitations . 
  either germany works cooperatively with the other eu nations or we 'll simply have no option but to leave . 
  no refugees . 
  merkel is destroying germany , and irreversibly damaging the eu . 
  we need to take a united stand as a union before there 's nothing left to preserve . 
  while i 'd normally be in agreement with your sentiment , the poles have proven themselves time and time again to be worthwhile allies , coworkers , teachers , neighbors , drinking buddies , and members of our same church . 
  they treat us with respect and easily assimilate . 
  frankly it 's insulting to compare the polish to benighted african/middle eastern refugees , when they 've worked to repay our kindness through labor and respect . 
  this kind of person can not be allowed to exist within the eu if we 're going to continue to exist as a coherent group of western ethnicities . 
  we 're being debased , out bred , and ideologically destroyed from the inside . 
  he is , quite frankly , insidious , and openly seeking the replacement of our native cultures with his own . 
  absolutely , positively , unreasonable . 
  you ca n't bring in 10,000 more when assimilation is n't working out with the ones you already have . 
  10,000 immigrants is dozens of new ghettos formed , thousands of new people who 'll never bother to learn english , and thousands of people who 'll basically be living off of welfare , a proud transition that their children will gladly take up . 
  these numbers are bonkers . 
  send them back . 
  this is propaganda and nothing else . 
  we have a right to our borders . 
  if such demands were levied against non-european nations , you 'd be accused of both racism and genetic warfare . 
  these numbers are absolutely unrealistic . 
  more likely . 
  more pressing to consider is catholic population growth , coupled with growing authoritarianism and surveillance in the u.k. . 
  we are tireless . 
  reunification is coming to the north . 
  preaching truth , it 's our own fault for giving him so much leverage over us . 
  it was naive to expect that a guy like erdogan would have our best interests at heart . 
  we played ourselves . 
  we 're running out of buffers a little too quick for comfort , given the numbers being considered . 
  i 'm not comparing their behavior to that of anyone else in this circumstance , i 'm just saying that so far as the numbers they could release , there 's definitely the potential for major damage to be done to the union . 
  i will mentioned that the union is financing many of the `` out of border '' refugee camps , and it 's astronomically cheaper than caring for them once they enter the union . 
  the threat can be measured in terms of billions of euro and we need to prepare or get royally fucked . 
  support/respect turkey 's actions or not , it 'd be naive to expect them to hold back the tide for much longer . 
  we need to get ready for turkey inevitably releasing a migrant flood as a move against the eu . 
  if we 're not prepped that shit is going to be catastrophic . 
  but your comparison was both irreverent and then used by you to focus away from responding to legitimate points made . 
  that 's you using whataboutism . 
  i stated that i have a right to my homeland , and that my ethnicity has a right to peaceful existence . 
  you drew the comparison in order to distract from the points i was making . 
  you then proceeded to continue down the course of whataboutism while ignoring all counter arguments and just restating your illogical opinion more earnestly . 
  yes , that whataboutery . 
  you 're drawing a completely irrelevant comparison in order to distract from having to actually address any of the arguments i 've made . 
  it did n't take the irish more than 3 generations to assimilate . 
  in most cases assimilation ( aside from still having familiar ties and a religious affiliation with the old world ) was completely finished after 1 or 2 . 
  you also are n't critically examining the numbers if you 're laughing at the points of cultural warfare and genocide . 
  irish immigration was halted when it posed the risk of being either an economic problem or a demographics problem . 
  the numbers of migrants coming over yearly is so incredibly large that , as i stated before , they 're going to completely outnumber and replace the native population in certain areas . 
  is n't that the least bit concerning to you ? 
  yes , it was the definition of whataboutism . 
  you 've chosen to ignore arguments i 've posed in order to draw a false comparison between the actions of irish people and the immigrants , which holds no water and is completely irrelevant . 
  the irish did assimilate in the united states . 
  they went so far as adjusting their names , quickly making allies with other new arrivals , and rather swiftly integrated completely into other catholic communities . 
  you 've failed for the second time to address the point i made : though the united states did accept irish immigration , it has , at various points , stopped accepting it was they had enough new workers to keep the economic boon going .
