  nations should have a right to their borders , and to defend them . 
  for the eu to dictate who we welcome is a betrayal of our individual sovereignty . 
  well , the irish get the coolest name . 
  i 'm satisfied with this outcome . 
  i feel we 've been upstaged . 
  but who the heck is actually going to view this aside from those willing to lodge a complaint ? 
  it 's stuffing everyone who 'd like to point out problems/dangers into a remote place so that the issues they raise will never , if even briefly , come to the attention of a wider audience . 
  its important that the wider / europe community gets to know what problems are taking place before they 're tucked away into a conveniently separate area where wider attention could never be achieved . 
  what change could anything posted in there ever effect if not potentially backed up by a wider user base ? 
  this is psychotic . 
  so hide the criticism someplace where no one will see it ? 
  debate about / europe should be held out in the open for all to see . 
  hah , i had no idea , that 's actually incredible . 
  i 'll consult you when i plan my eventual heist , my learned friend . 
  it 's very interesting and very confusing !, 
  i have a jewish grandmother ( mother 's side ) who converted to catholicism upon moving to ireland . 
  i was relatively certain that precluded me from birthright , if not the previous comment about jewish individuals being involved at one point in slave trade !, 
  i 'm part jewish , it 's semi acceptable !, 
  or stupid . 
  and jews took a large involvement in the american slave trade . 
  everyone 's an evil wanker , at the end of the day . 
  that 's a lovely fiction you have there . 
  i work abroad and could n't make it home . 
  today another irish person came into my restaurant early , saying he was `` celebrating '' . 
  i got to sit down on shift and we shared a pint , with someone else covering my cooking . 
  my mum then called and talked for an hour about how relieved she feels . 
  it 's a historic day for us as a people , and a great day for democracy . 
  it 's times like these when my faith in ireland is restored . 
  i 'm proud to be irish !, 
  you forget just how recently ireland was enveloped in a near civil war . 
  perhaps we 're less violent because we chose to react proportionally and reasonably to threats ? 
  i think there 's an issue of symptom v disease . 
  consider the possibility that the overwhelming power given to , and corruption perpetrated by , the u.s. police force is part of the problem . 
  you 've armed your guards with tanks , an impossibly thick bureaucracy , a war on drugs intentionally crafted to target the lower class and black communities , and frankly i 'd be amazed if the people did n't bite back . 
  furthermore it 's worthy to contemplate just how many of the crimes in question were perpetrated by people who obtained their weapons legally . 
  i 'd just like to say that i think you 'd have to be completely suicidal to disarm yourself against the american government , as things currently are . 
  weapons are first and foremost a means of defense and productivity . 
  secondly they 're a deterrent against authoritarian government . 
  the american police are looking a lot like something a dictatorship would use to keep control . 
  they should all be disarmed . 
  believe me , it was n't so difficult to get authorization for a handgun and shotgun . 
  plenty of countries have non-armed police officers while allowing civilians access to heavier weaponry . 
  it does n't actually cause problems here in ireland . 
  who 'd want to shoot an unarmed guard ? 
  eliminating the existential threat leaves one with far fewer reasons to shoot a cop . 
  as a foreigner , i get a good feeling about yanis . 
  how do greeks think of him anyway ? 
  power politics never left . 
  one example is not plural examples . 
  isolation is preferable to imperialism . 
  i mean , if you believe that it is n't different from today , then what 's the point of this thread ? 
  judging by the bail out terms and the stipulations concerning our personal water usage , i 've come to the conclusion that it 's naive to believe that everything done by the larger eu powers is done for the benefit of her smaller members . 
  does that mean the eu is evil ? 
  nope . 
  but cynicism can come in handy when so much is at stake . 
  it 's not about nationalism , it 's about the selfish nature of both people and their corporations . 
  i say that as someone who supports the eu . 
  the idea of being the next china , u.s. , russia , persia , holy roman empire , or ( insert other large corrupt empire ) does n't appeal to me . 
  the men of europe can not be yet trusted to selflessly tend to their neighbors or each other . 
  great concept , but executing it is another matter entirely . 
  perhaps it 's best to ensure that this future does not come to pass . 
  i 'm saying that perhaps the u.s. system is n't what we should be desiring . 
  too much space for the large to set the rules for the small . 
  the most fascinating component they 've included is a solar powered usb port . 
  imagine the utility that gives in terms of communication , tool usage , and even education . 
  forward thinking on ikea 's part . 
  you assume that we all have the same interests , social views , and stance on neutrality . 
  a `` united states of europe '' would only lead to a system where our democratic votes mean less in terms of representation due to it being full of people who have nothing to do with us , our votes , or our lives . 
  dan carlin discussed this thought extensively on his podcast , `` common sense '' . 
  i believe the episode is `` re-heating the cold war '' . 
  the similarities between the two figures are actually shocking . 
  putin certainly learned a trick or two , to great effect !, 
  well played to all !, 
  damn the welsh for interrupting our grand slam !, 
  we 'll get you yet !, 
  was not disappointed . 
  mournful and pointless . 
  ireland , we are the vision of europe . 
  i ca n't believe england won . 
  my god . 
  how can such a thing be ? 
  ireland , we need to get our shit together . 
  disgraceful !, 
  who we can not , in good faith , claim ourselves capable of hosting/assimilating . 
  by claiming you 'd like to assist these people , you 're engaging in an act of cruelty against both ourselves and migrants . 
  the advice i gave is really the only humanitarian option for you right now . 
  the only way to stop the horror and loss of human life is to stop the migration . 
  great question !, 
  the best way to help with the crises currently is to join an anti-refugee/migrant group . 
  discouraging people from coming is the most humanitarian action that you can currently take . 
  you can also help by protesting against politicians who are willing to allow such activity unmolested . 
  also might want to call your local representatives and voice your concerns over the influx . 
  hope you choose to help europe deal with this heartbreaking catastrophe !, 
  would you rather get a good fucking or be served up on a plate ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's moral , i 'm just saying that the double standard is n't really justifiable . 
  portugal is apparently party city now !, 
  do n't take ireland 's poles away . 
  seriously though ... 
  unfortunately i still just tell people i 'm from sligo . 
  sounds much cooler than `` land of shells '' .
