the q/p classification is somewhat different from the gaelic and brythonic classification , although it does n't really affect the extant languages . 
  gaelic and brythonic only includes the insular languages ( including breton ) . 
  there are also continental languages . 
  p and q combines the two . 
  p includes brythonic , gaulish , lepontic , and galatian . 
  q has gaelic and celtiberian . 
  they are not exactly the same , but it does n't really matter much with the still living languages . 
  also , there is very little known about the languages of the continent , so classifying those is hard . 
  irish gaelic , scottish gaelic , manx gaelic , breton , welsh , and cornish form the modern celtic languages ( although cornish and manx are revived ) . 
  historically , gaulish , lepontic , celtiberian , and galatian were also celtic languages . 
  celtic is a branch of ie . 
  haha yeah , i meant celtiberians . 
  also , i would put hallstatt as eaely as 1200 bc . 
  iberia was settled by them somewhere before 600 bc . 
  what is commonly seen as celtic is the la t\u00e8ne culture , which originated somewhere around 450 bc . 
  what we do know , is that probably the first indo-european settlers in that area were the celtiberians ( celtic tribes ) . 
  from what we know of celtic languages , including the continental languages , basque is unrelated to them . 
  it might be related to other languages which were spoken there , like iberian , but there is a huge scarcity of sources . 
  also , maltese is n't indo-european either , but afro-asiatic . 
  i do n't know about migration patterns in that area , though . 
  for as far as i know , yes . 
  i 'd rather pass on the centuries of slavery , thank you very much . 
  no , i think it is because they are n't eu member states . 
  that does n't explain why the uk and ireland were n't in the original graph . 
  the same applies to the netherlands and especially france , with their tunnel . 
  how do you survive ? 
  that is why we are so tall here . 
  we send the short ones to america . 
  no it does n't . 
  it does , however , try to give a more reasonable explenation than ` small dick ' . 
  putin 's dangerous , but he is n't crazy . 
  he has manuevered way too well in post-communist russia to be insane . 
  he does n't appear to be the person that would let an inferiority complex get the better of him . 
  you are portraying a huge problem the west has here . 
  we refuse to try and understand putin 's thinking . 
  so place yourself in putin 's shoes . 
  you had a rough childhood . 
  the only thing you could turn to was the communist state . 
  as a smart lad , you were able to work your way up in the kgb . 
  all this time , since the state was your only safehaven , you were fed their bullshit . 
  and this is important . 
  putin is still thinking in a cold war us vs. 
  them mentality . 
  to him , the west is still a hostile force , especially since the western sphere of influence has increased drastically into eastern-europe after the wall collapsed , with many countries joining the eu and the nato . 
  i 'm not justifying putin trying to defend russia 's sphere of influence ( the russians outside of russia ) , as his acts were violating a souvereign states rights . 
  but still , you should n't see this in a light of putin trying to show how great russia is , or as simple intimidation because he can . 
  i 'd wager he is genuinly scared of the west and its rapid advance . 
  why would they be targeting german sites ? 
  i can get why polish and baltic sites are subject to these brigades , as they are countries formally under russian influence and now part of the nato , but germany ? 
  is it because of their political position in the eu , or something ? 
  in dutch , ` ongemakkelijk ' ( uneasy ) can be used . 
  it is stronger than akward , though , and broader . 
  to be fair , considering how flat the netherlands is , it is pretty hard not to spoil the horizon . 
  some of those inscriptions would be objects like vases that ended up there . 
  those would simply be trade objects . 
  another thing would be that most languages in europe were not written down until after the romans . 
  developing or adapting a script that fits your language is harder than it appears at first , and it would often be easier for the elite to write in latin than in their own language . 
  the roman empire was huge and very influential even outside of its borders , and it would not be strange for the elite just over the limes to know latin . 
  rotterdam makes better use of that river . 
  sterker door strijd , motherfucker, 
  if that means getting rid of limburg , i 'll take it . 
  limburg is different from the rest in more than one way . 
  what would you say is the most hurtfull one ? 
   again a tie between ~ ~ finland ~ ~ the lake swedes and the swamp germans . 
  ftfy, 
  funny , in the netherlands , only crimes ` verjaren ' . 
  i ca n't really think of a single verb that means ` to grow a year older ' that 's used in the netherlands . 
  i 'll talk about the netherlands . 
  the education system is tiered . 
  most people ( about 60 % ) go to the lowest level , which is vmbo , which lasts for 4 years . 
  after vmbo , people often take tertiary education at mbo , which is vocational training . 
  it does n't give you a bachelor or masters degree , but you do leave with a certificate and extensive labour training . 
  vmbo and mbo are both divided in multiple sub-levels . 
  above that is havo , which lasts for 5 years and is more theoretical . 
  this leads to hbo , which does award a bachelor or masters degree , but is not considered ` scientific ' education by law . 
  the highest level is vwo , which lasts 6 years and is divided in atheneum ( strong focus on natural science ) and gymnasium ( which i went to . 
  strong focus on humanities , and latin and classical greek are obligatory for at least the first years ) . 
  vwo offers purely scientific education , and leads to university . 
  pretty much all schools in the country are state-funded , and many public schools perform equal to or better than the private funded ones . 
  grades are assigned between 1 ( failed ) and 10 ( perfect ) . 
  a 5.5 is a pass , but my school used a 6 as a pass at times . 
  grades are recorded per semester , but the only score that really matters is the average at the end of a year . 
  the exception are school exams that you take in the final half of secondary schooling , since these count towards your final score at the end of high school . 
  i do n't know about the standard , really . 
  all courses i did in high school were these : dutch , math , english ( the ` core subject ' . 
  you 're only allowed to fail one at the end of school ) french , german , latin , greek , history , ` aardrijkskunde ' , ` verzorging ' , economics , philosophy , physics , chemistry , ` maatschappijleer ' , ` classical cultural development ' , art history and chinese . 
  i did n't do all these courses at the same time , but courses tend to be for the entire year . 
  after the first three years , you have to choose a package of classes to do your final exams in . 
  for me those were : english , dutch , math , greek , french , chinese , history , ` aardrijkskunde ' and philosophy . 
  since the education system is tiered , there is not much use for advanced classes , although my school was heavy on the extra-curricular stuff , so people who were interested in ` maatschappijleer ' were invited for eep , and the kids good in math got extra training for math olympiates and the like . 
  some teachers gave extra classes during breaks for those interested , so there were unofficial classes in hebrew and italian , for instance . 
  there are some exceptions though ; there are for levels of math ( from easy to hard , confusingly : c , a , b and d ) . 
  a and b are more or less the standards . 
  c is for people really struggling with math , and d is an extra course on top of b. 
  some schools offer extra english classes so students can take a cpe or cae exam . 
  there is some integration . 
  math is taught as a single course like you described . 
  chemistry and physics are different courses , though . 
  ` aardrijkskunde ' is one of those integrated classes ; it 's a weird mix between history , sociology , anthropology , economics , geography and geology . 
  pretty much just how the earth and world work .
