yes , the social-democrat party helped putting portugal in the toillet , but the main culprit of our current situation was socialist party 's last government , lead by jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates ( who is in jail right now ) . 
  the current leader of ps ( socialist party ) is very close to jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates , so people are turning to psd ( social-democratic party ) . 
  and the country 's situation is improving , which is another point for psd . 
  we have a party like syriza ( be ) , but it is an absolute joke of a party . 
  nobody takes them seriously . 
  is this serious or satirical ? 
  i seriously ca n't tell . 
  if i go to germany i 'll still be portuguese , but i 'll no longer be under portuguese law . 
  the 1951 convention states that refugees who come directly from a conflict zone are not to be punished for illegal entry , granted that they present themselves to the authorities . 
  well , these people do n't come directly from conflict zones and do n't seek the authorities to regularize their situation . 
  if apparently the refugees know about the family reunification law ( or whatever it is called ) it should n't be too hard for them to get this information . 
  does turkey have to do everything for them ? 
  greece , macedonia , serbia and hungary should organize a non-stop train route to the austrian border . 
  just write `` to austria ( next to germany ) '' on the side and let everyone enter . 
  do n't bother with registration or visas or accomodation or anything . 
  if everyone is going to shit on you despite this kind of actions might as well let them handle everything . 
  how is that racist ? 
  i do n't get this point . 
  they ca n't be anti-immigration because some people who happened to be born on the same country as them are emmigrants ? 
  desperate for welfare, 
  or maybe not . 
  and then everyone is all shocked and in disbelief that parties like national front , ukip , etc. 
  get votes . 
  well , how many more options are there ? 
  yeah , but he has a mandate to end austerity and that has its consequences . 
  if people do n't know them it 's their fault , they should 've made a better informed decision . 
  why did n't greeks demand his resignation ? 
  he was elected to do one thing , he made a referendum that gave him legitimacy to do it but he ended up doing the exact opposite . 
  it seams to me that the greeks have rioted for less . 
  o \u00daltimo a sair was the funniest portuguese show i 've ever watched . 
  it was a satire of shows like big brother and it is absolutely hilarious . 
  it was so well done that many people did n't even realize that it was n't real and that the celebrities were not actually in a house all the time even though they made ridiculous stuff . 
  i highly recomment it although you may not understand some parts if you do n't know portuguese stereotypes . 
  in portugal a few gypsies threw rocks at an ambulance that was going to help a man who had a heart attack because it took to long to get there . 
  they had to retreat and the man stayed on the floor without receiving help . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  which country tries to promote tourism by showing the slums ? 
  the war against the rebels weakend and wore out the syrian army making it less able to fight isis . 
  bmw and mercedes in 4th and 5th . 
  the crisis sure is only for some . 
  i was expecting vw to lead here . 
  when the fuck did it snow in \u00c9vora ? 
  some comments on that thread are pretty childish and a tad disconnected with reality but they 're commies after all . 
  is there a sub where decent leftist arguments are presented in a rational way ? 
  thanks, 
  i do n't see why that is relevant . 
  is it because of my flair ? 
  exactly the same situation . 
  one was an completely inhabited archipelago close to our country , the other was an habited piece of land on another continent . 
  the exact same thing, 
  why is france allowed to have colonies ? 
   there was a shootout in maidan initiated by the security forces you literally posted an article that shows that it was the protesters who shot first . 
  rich coming from the country that wanted a destabilized euro, 
  i do n't know what 's the problem with immigration posts . 
  there 's always a bunch of them on the front page . 
  i do n't know if i 'm not paying atention and they get deleted after reaching the front page or if people are just petty, 
  being forced to do something does n't make you better than anyone else . 
  imo they 're acting like this because they have to , not because they want to . 
  i agree , i think that he does n't want to have the responsability/burden to be the pm that takes greece out of the euro but at the same time he does n't want to break promises and be lynched . 
  seems to be the better alternative . 
  are you saying that a comment with no reference to race is racist ? 
  stop being an idiot and put those res tags up your ass . 
  where are all of your elderly ? 
  * `` i killed you but there 's nothing wrong with that because i was hungry '' *, 
  yes , i did , but why give them attention when they 're obvious troll ? 
  just leave them be . 
  by you i meant all the people that complain about putin bots , not you in particular . 
  seriously , you 're always complaining about putin bots but the first thing you do when something about ukraine comes up is to talk about them and give them atention instead of downvoting and just ignoring . 
  they 're not . 
  the top one is criticizing the guy in the videos . 
  the second one is complaining about this being another anti-immigrant thread . 
  the post is at 54 % upvote . 
  the most downvoted one claims things but does n't provide source . 
  i do n't see this thread being brigaded . 
  they are center-right now . 
  10 years ago most of europe was leftist . 
  this problems do n't appear from nowhere in a couple of years . 
  are you only allowed to post something in one sub ? 
  are you new here ? 
  it 's reddit 's passtime to post our approach to drugs and its effects . 
  http://www.tdpf.org.uk/blog/drug-decriminalisation-portugal-setting-record-straight tl ; dr : we decriminalised them , drug related deaths decreased , hiv spreading decreased , drug usage decreased , addicts are sent to rehabilitation , not prison . 
  they are not legal though , you will still get arrested for producing/selling drugs . 
  if someone hates someone for some reason and that someone happens to be black , even if that 's not the reason he is hated , it is racism . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  i guess you would n't have a preference over receiving 100 uneducated immigrants that get prioritized over the locals or 100 educated ones that bring something of use to the country . 
  okay . 
   why would anyone hate on spain ? 
  why would n't you ? 
  little fuckers took our oliven\u00e7a and wo n't give it back . 
   how much cleaner netherlands is compared to belgium ( big cities ) i 've been to belgium a couple of months ago and the worst part of brussels ( more dangerous , more illegal immigrants , etc. , ( at least that was what i was told ) ) was better looking and cleaner than half of my hometown . 
  i can only imagine how pretty netherlands must be . 
  r/europe is interesting . 
  replace `` illegal immigrants '' with `` refugees '' and get completely different reactions . 
  it 's not exactly the same . 
  you went to war in a former colony of yours in another continent . 
  they are protecting eu borders . 
  it is impossible to discuss anything regarding russia . 
  every thread becomes a joke contest and anti-russia shit talking fest . 
  rip sweden, 
  what 's up with everyone singing in english ?
