  you seem like a smart fellow , maybe you can come up with some solutions . 
  : if germany is extreme . 
  what adjectives do you use for countries like russia , saudi arabia , iran etc. 
  yeah , hyperbole and stereotyping people always is a good way to start a discussion . 
  was the last time you were in germany 70 years ago ? 
  considering there are 40 + year old refuge camps in/near palestine would not really support your hypothesis . 
  what do the various asylum laws stipulate when the danger/war recedes . 
  the refugees i know personally from syria got 1 to 3 year permits . 
  so i think it depends how conditions progress in syria . 
  if they become safe within the next 3 to 5 years i think a majority will have to return . 
  obviously people persecuted by assad will get to stay . 
  are we talking about refugees or immigrants ? 
  please stay by one the are differences between the two . 
  from what i have heard of the 1.2 million refugees in europe i heard about 60 % were men . 
  do n't think you can back up your numbers with data . 
  the countries surrounding syria in part already take in way more refugees per capita . 
  there are 5 million in turkey 1.2 million in jordan and iran also has 1 million ( partly from afghanistan ) . 
  a quick look at the statistics states that these camps have a 47 % men to women ratio . 
  let 's see 3 % of 7 million is 210,000 . 
  that may account for the higher male percentage of european refugees . 
  perhaps they sent their young ones further to europe to assist their meager subsistence in these desert camps . 
  i ca n't blame them . 
  that has been done since biblical times ( check out story of joseph ) . 
   you underestimate how connected these ` refugees ' are . 
  many of them have smartphones , and people smugglers actively advertise their services over facebook . 
  as soon as word got out that a few thousand were stranded , the other 990,000 would have got the message and stayed in pakistan , afghanistan , morocco etc. 
  and how is this relevant to the previous discussion ? 
  word and rumor about routes and good countries have always been quick to go around in refugee and immigrant circles . 
  smartphones just allow for information to get around quicker . 
   look at the policy of australia - despite the towbacks , offshore detention centres etc , the most effective part of their policy is simply making it known to potential illegal immigrants that if they come by boat , they have 0 % chance of being settled into australia . 
  as a result , there has been a 99 % reduction in people even attempting to make the journey , compared to when the policy was ambiguous and some people were being allowed in as refugees when coming through that channel . 
  so you would like to close the border and not allow people to flee a civil war . 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  you would want to see the civilian casualties to be doubled or tripled , instead of the 300,000 to 400,000 right now . 
  that opinion is your god given right . 
  i just do n't think i would be able to live with myself with that kind of world view . 
   the scottish people are just that , british people do n't know who you are insulting more : our intelligence or the scottish . 
  try talking to some scottish people before you write this rubbish . 
  btw , they voted 62 % to stay . 
  i doubt you would get a much higher percent in most western european countries . 
  til , a single person 's testimony is a case study . 
  was n't it the brits and americans who have fucked the middle east over for the last 90 years ? 
  first the brits by arbitrarily divvying up the region and then coming up with the jewish state solution . 
  then the americans with cia purges in iran and the illegal wars there . 
  if the british and americans had one percent of historical perspective about themselves that germans have , the world would be a better place . 
  i thought iceland had a good school system . 
  there goes that stereotype . 
   the reaction for the refugees crisis had more to do with the german culture then with her political orientation . 
  imho it also had to with crisis management . 
  imagine if germany had not taken in the refugees . 
  they would be languishing unchecked in eastern europe . 
  this way the german state was more able to keep an eye on the refugees and weed out bad seeds . 
  they were able to thwart at least some attacks : * germany november 17 , 2015 -- german football match in hanover was cancelled after french spies warned of ` five bomb plot ' by five jihadists including a woman to carry out paris-style attack on stadium1 killed 16 wounded . 
  several suspicious packages were found . 
  * germany november 26 , 2015 -- german special forces unit arrested two men in a berlin raid thursday who are accused of plotting `` a significant criminal act against state security , '' according to berlin authorities . 
  the two men were arrested in the britz section of the german capital after a search was conducted on an islamic cultural center , police said . 
  * germany february 4 , 2016 -- german police arrest four who were planning major islamic state attack in berlin . 
  police thursday arrested four algerians suspected of links to the islamic state group after raids targeting several sites , including refugee shelters where some of the suspects lived . 
  * germany june 2 , 2016 -- d\u00fcsseldorf terror attack thwarted as german police arrest three men from syria plotting attack for islamic state . 
  the organization 's leadership ordered the two to carry out an attack in the bustling central pedestrian zone of d\u00fcsseldorf , the prosecutor 's office said . 
  * germany october 8 , 2016 -- 2016 chemnitz terrorism plot https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_chemnitz_terrorism_plot * germany october 10 , 2016 - german police in leipzig declare that they narrowly thwarted a major islamic state terror attack targeting a major berlin airport or railhub . 
  they arrest a syrian migrant who had 3 pounds of explosive in his possession . 
  3 days later , the prime suspect commits suicide in jail . 
   supporters of the liberal order should root for an alternative coalition ... a so-called red-red-green coalition -- comprising the social democratic party ( spd ) , left-wing die linke , and the greens . 
  you can pretty much stop reading after this statement . 
  the author is willfully ignorant of internal german politiks . 
  the spd and greens would never join in a coalition with the linke . 
  the linke have adapted the american republican party modus operandi of obstructionism and abstaining from decisions they do not like and not really offering any compromise or new solutions to germany 's problems . 
  heck they skipped on average 30 % of the votes . 
  i should have used sarcasm font xd, 
  the grenada invasion was useful though ... 
  then i would n't be on the dreil\u00e4ndereck any more watching the dutch climb their highest mountain . 
  at least i 'd be eating nice croissant . 
  just looking up budget costs for the refugees varies widely ( 0.4 to 2 % of national budget ) depending on the source . 
  die zeit used a value of 1.4 % ~ 20 billion euros . 
  currently this is a manageable sum . 
  the surplus generated this year was slightly higher . 
  if the refugees are here longer they will integrate and be able to smooch less and contribute more . 
  of course the refugees wo n't affect the german libido and consequently the birth rate . 
  however , the influx of immigrants ( refugees may want to return ) would directly add to the population and their taxes would help pay for existing costs like elderly entitlements . 
   those conventions are out dated in my opinion . 
  really the concept of mass refugee acceptance from one region or nation makes no sense . 
  we will never be able to stop warring factions completely . 
  so what would the alternative be ? 
  an entity like the un divvying up the refugees equally to its member states ? 
  do n't think that is going to happen . 
  ideally the refugees would be accepted by neighboring countries that have similar cultural backgrounds , but that is not happening here . 
   imo , the concept of human rights and refugees are a western ideal that is flawed do n't think it is a western ideal . 
  every religion has this at its basis . 
  look at jordan . 
  they have taken in 4 million refugees if memory serves me right . 
  and america 's arch enemy number 1 , iran has the second most compared to its population 6.8 % ( about a million ) . 
  so that is a false narrative . 
  using refugees as percentage of host nation population i doubt any western country would make the top 20 list . 
   and will lead to the west failure more than anything else . 
  we are not living in roman times any more . 
  as a civilian you have no chance vs well armed state forces . 
  even a `` well armed '' population like the us has would stand no chance vs. their military . 
  germany has pretty successfully integrated a large turkish immigration population over the last 40 years . 
  i personally know of 8 refugees that have jobs in a town of about 10k .
