  by the time you discus this they will deflect back full circle to the numbers . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  some people do n't like facts . 
  sad to see your downvotes . 
  nice empathy / u/partisanal shows the victims . 
  some are still fighting for their lives and you go on a speculative rampage , without all the facts . 
  you even have the audacity to bring up nice , where over 80 people died . 
  you are a sick person . 
  the internet truly brings the worst out of people . 
  betting on which country the perp came from is a tasteless exercise on this subreddit that is seen as fun . 
  these people have no empathy for the victims . 
  makes me wan na puke . 
  amok runs tend to be done by people with little or no criminal history . 
  and are these violent crimes or all crimes ? 
  anarchist is not a right or left term . 
  there are right leaning anarchists and left leaning anarchists . 
  libertarians have some crossover with right leaning anarchists . 
  on that note , some of the rhetoric from the ows movement came from the libertarian section . 
  one thing i remember seeing quite a bit were the `` end the fed '' signs . 
  this is a key libertarian issue . 
  not left wing . 
  imho you could n't just pigeonhole the ows as an only left wing liberal movement . 
  especially compared to the ows i witnessed here in germany , which is very left wing . 
  ( btw . 
  libertarians are an extinct species over here . ), 
   and mitt romney 's , the republican candidate for the 2012 elections , reaction to ows was to demean it 's ideals i would not look at the opposition of a center right candidate as an indicator whether a movement is right or left . 
  gary johnson , the libertarian presidential candidate stated his support for the cause and said : `` this country is not equal . 
  we do n't treat everyone equally . 
  i would like to see us focus on the root cause , which is in my estimation politicians that are getting paid off . 
  that 's the corporatism and the outrage . '', 
  i know that the majority is left wing but , like it or not , there are right wing elements present as well . 
  especially if you can serve and die for your country at 18 . 
  it was actually quite delicious . 
  i feel more safe buying it in germany vs the us . 
  still does n't make the issue of you being mad at bankers for ruining the economy left wing or right wing . 
  some aldi deal regular size chicken . 
  could have been 3.99 regularly and down to 2.99 cause it was nearing its expiration date . 
  i eat meat 2 times a week . 
  so my pantry does n't have much meat in it . 
  i was at aldi at 21:45 on saturday and my sister calls to come over . 
  thought i would try it . 
  i generally buy meat at the butchers shop , especially in grill season . 
  i just bought a whole chicken for 2.99 . 
  all i had to do was put it in the oven . 
  it came in its own tin . 
  ( imho this price is criminal ) as for the nuggets : how much fillers/bread crumbs are in/on the nuggets ? 
  you do know that nuggets are the waste bin of chicken manufacturing . 
  a study published in the american journal of medicine analyzed the composition of chicken nuggets from 2 different american fast food chains . 
  the study found that less than half of the material was skeletal muscle , with fat occurring in equal or greater quantities . 
  other components included epithelial tissue , bone , nervous tissue , and connective tissue . 
  the authors concluded that `` chicken nuggets are mostly fat , and their name is a misnomer . 
  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24035124 just make sure to remember that you are actually buying breaded fat nuggets for that price . 
  occupy wall street is not a left or right side issue . 
  is revenue generated by oil companies , of which the russian state owns quite a few shares , considered tax revenue ? 
  in germany they estimate fine particulates and nox kill 35,000 per year . 
  i have read of 15,000 for gb . 
   ni fiscal transfers thanks , but would n't the correct terminology be net fiscal transfer then ? 
  i doubt we would be as successful now without the ossies . 
  just wondering , how much did ni pay into uk 's national accounts ? 
  he at least has the decency to admit to it . 
  i do n't know why you are getting down-voted . 
  it 's an interesting hypothesis . 
  yet , i doubt there were enough gasoline exhaust emissions in the 30 and 40 's to affect the population on a wide scale . 
  given that we have seen mass murder on a large scale prior and after the use of tetraethyl lead , leads me to believe genocidal tendencies are more of a human condition . 
  hmm , i do n't see any doing that . 
  no one i know is saying trump is hitler . 
  some are worried about his untruthfulness . 
  where do you hear this ? 
  what part of germany are you in ? 
  i hope they do n't get it . 
  they are the most incompetent bankers i have met in person . 
  there were no crosses on the smokestacks of the titanic . 
  its the hospital ship hms talambo ( talamba ? ), 
  sinking off the coast of sicily in wwii . 
  ( wiki has an entry of hms talamba ) http://www.holywellhousepublishing.co.uk/webimages/hhm-joburg-005.jpg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_hospital_ships_sunk_in_world_war_ii, 
  well it depends on how many survived his services . 
  maybe you misread their signs : `` socialites '', 
  not by population . 
  not even close . 
  that was the joke . 
  :-) anyway , i believe modern paints , new methods and corrosion protections make it so it does n't have to be continuously painted . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-edinburgh-east-fife-14789036 rip my favorite scottish saying . 
  hmm 200 % off would get me fired at my job . 
  must be nice working in mediocrity . 
  crimea is part of ukraine . 
  russia signed a document recognizing the sovereignty and the borders of ukraine in exchange for their nukes . 
   gays are 1 % of the population . 
  wrong . 
  an earlier report published in april 2011 by the williams institute estimated that 3.8 percent of americans identified as gay/lesbian , bisexual , or transgender . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_demographics_of_the_united_states god forbid 4 % of the population be seen on the screen . 
   putin 's reasonably high approval looks like it is linked to the war in ukraine . 
  before it was on a 3 year downward trend nearing 60 % . 
  the war rocketed it up to 90 % . 
  gw bush used the same tactic . 
  i see they finally painted the forth bridge . 
  i thought there was a forum rule stating only english posts are allowed . 
  oh , wait there is . 
  smh google translate gives me cancer . 
  thanks , but this should be the original posters job . 
  but given his disingenuous translation of the title , it probably is better you did it .
