  from what little i read about the topic ( el cid 's biography , and some other history podcasts ) , the christian countries were horrible shit holes compared to the moor led spain . 
  i 'd like to hear where this is disputed . 
   yes i 'm sure spaniards at the time was quite happy with the moor occupation . 
  obviously people living in the time period have no clue as to how both sides are different . 
  as i said in my comment , ** modern people ** would generally choose a forward thinking and generally more modern regime . 
  of course you are free to choose the shittier shit hole if you like . 
  because 60 families is a good data point for a nation of 38 million . 
  that is a great argument !, 
  well back then we modern people would have wished to be under muslim control . 
  they were the more benevolent , science embracing and multicultural religion at that time . 
  jews from all over europe flocked to muslim spain in that time period . 
  funny how times can change . 
  pretty sure they were treated better back then than by more recent invaders . 
  countdown till the_donald masses commenting in droves in : t minus 5 hours 23 minutes and 30 seconds ... ... . 
  this has nothing to do with spanking being allowed or not . 
  by your reasoning the usa ( where corporal punishment ( even using switches ) is allowed in all states ) would have the best behaved kids of all time . 
  this is clearly not the case . 
  well in germany emissions are down in major part due to major investments in energy efficiency and the use of renewable energy sources . 
  this could be the case in england as well . 
   climate does n't care about look-better per whatever stats . 
  you are right , but in combating the problem , stats like per capita or per gdp may gave insights where to focus the reduction efforts . 
  a country with a high co2 per capita/gdp may have an easier time in reducing levels then one with lower rates . 
   who do n't need no man you obviously do n't know what the word feminist means to the mojority of people in europe . 
   when islam is involved they submit . 
  their job is to represent sweden 's interests , not their personal one 's . 
  it 's what politicians do on foreign diplomacy missions . 
  when i am sent by my company to a job to a foreign country , i need stay on message and do everything to successfully get the job done . 
  not protest someone 's silly mores . 
  maybe that is something you can get away with at your job . 
  if this is to high a concept for you to understand , then you either lack the capacity for rational thought , or you are just a deflecting breitbart troll bot . 
  i was just following the logical conclusion of your line of attack . 
  glad you see the hypocrisy . 
  according to subreddit rules add a translation that makes sense . 
  so these politicians should put foreign women 's rights ahead of the interests of the country they are representing . 
  i wish israel politicians would do that to . 
  would be nice to be able to close those 50 year old refugee camps . 
  careful abe just was diplomacized by trumps handshake . 
  well depend on where you live in germany , you most likely never encounter any ice or snow . 
  well distance to germany and the maas ( meuse river ) is relative . 
  3 km away from it in germany . 
  so it almost touches a current german border . 
  you mean otto rehakles ? 
  russian alternative facts . 
  given the rent prices san francisco would be a better match . 
  interesting story . 
  wish this article did n't just have 4 sentences in it though . 
  maybe you could just make a quick 4 sentence summary using bullet points for the main points . 
  this translation is giving me cancer . 
  i am only familiar with north sea cuisine . 
  got ta try that russian soup while its still cold . 
  thanks !, 
  we just ate [ panhas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkenbrij ) last night . 
  its scaps from the slaughterhouse ( parts of lungs , liver ) mixed with bacon , flour , blood and a spice mixtures ( liquorice , sugar , anise , cinnamon , clove , white pepper , mace , ginger powder and sandalwood according to wiki ) . 
  prefried : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/panhas_-_janana_1a.jpg postfried with mashed potatoes : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/panhas_-_janana_2a.jpg other famous regional dishes are [ sauerbraten ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sauerbraten ) ( a roast with a distinct sour taste ) and my favorite , the lesser known but equally delicious , [ tongue roast ] ( http://de.wikihow.com/rinderzunge-zubereiten ) . 
  unfortunately , in society we have lost the ways of preparing traditional vegetables ( pre introduction of americas vegetables ) like rutabagas in germany . 
  hence the potato is king . 
  was n't there someone getting flogged for graffiti ? 
  yeah i saw that . 
  mainly from the american bases ? 
  can they choose to be tried here instead of the us ? 
  i would choose here too then . 
  they rank among poles , french and other western european countries for non violent crime . 
  for violent crime not in the top ten . 
  on a per 100,000 basis . 
  there was a superior germany as well . 
  seems to this day , bavaria is still superior . 
  pretty sure she is referring to germanic tribes invading rome . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vandals https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visigoths as to if these tribes originated in today 's germany is a different question . 
  so if i went to your local target and posted a poster in their window saying u/obamabiden2016 rapes babies , with pictures of you and your family . 
  would you be ok with that ? 
  what if every target had that ad and refused or were slow at bringing down the posters ? 
  essentially facebook is an entity making money off the content . 
  they are responsible to take down slanderous content in a timely manner after notification . 
  never said it was . 
  the complexity and finesse of fake news is a bit more advanced on the american facebook side . 
  at least the one 's i have seen from my relatives there . 
  the german one 's seemed naive in comparison . 
  then again you could say the same about germany 's main stream news environment as well . 
  you would have to sue in the us . 
  german libel laws suck monetarily speaking . 
   it is only slander , libel if it is not true and proven so . 
  sounds like it is  john writes something bad about peter on facebook . 
  peter now wants money from facebook ( nevermind john ) ?? 
  if facebook was contacted about the slanderous content and did not remove the information , of course they should be held liable . 
  is the freedom of speech worth the suppression of individual rights and their safety ? 
  i really do n't know . 
  what do i do , if a malicious information about me is spread to 1 million users . 
  there are libel/slander laws for a reason . 
  or should these laws not apply to electronic mediums ? 
  by the way did you hear ? 
  u/cognossquare does n't eat his veggies . 
  this is nothing new for american facebook users . 
  its super widespread there . 
  its a bad picture . 
  he is the one behind the smart phone :   http://www.spiegel.de/netzwelt/netzpolitik/bild-1133289-1093262.html of course finding an english website with an accurate picture was impossible . 
  its a bad picture . 
  he is the one behind the smart phone : http://www.spiegel.de/netzwelt/netzpolitik/bild-1133289-1093262.html, 
  so one right makes a wrong right ? 
  so we should not go on historical data when determining whether governments are trustworthy . 
  ok got it .
