  i will wait patiently  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rate_function so calling you by your name is name calling ? 
  sorry you are so sensitive about your reddit name . 
  you may have the right to change it . 
  i 'd look into that . 
   did i once say anything about the refugee policy of contemporary germany ? 
  well you are living up to your name . 
  you obviously ca n't find a nonpartisan link to back up your facts . 
  and i am not going to waste my time to enter your echo chamber . 
  have a nice new year !, 
  thought we are talking about paying reparations to a tribe who , according to the article , lost 80 % of its people to german genocide . 
  i did not know this was a hidden innuendo against the refugee policy of current germany . 
  perhaps we need a better tagging system on this subreddit . 
  or is this a straw-man argument ? 
   maybe germany should endeavour to help pull developing nations out of economic despair and instability to rectify the misdeeds of the past ? 
  it does to a degree . 
   or do the german people have to suffer in order for past crimes to be made right ? 
  please clarify . 
  i have no idea what you mean . 
  greece gave itself monies it did n't have . 
  or perhaps a desire to set past wrongs right . 
  well to be honest . 
  the uk advertised itself as the empire where the sun never set . 
  plus , major current political problems can be attributed to uk policies of the past . 
  is n't the single market 's main achievement the removal of tariffs and regulations between the eu member states ? 
  agree on the cap and cfp , although the cfp ai n't affecting uk fishermen much imho . 
  mismanagement , overfishing and non eu fishing nations ( scandinavia ) play a larger role here . 
  plus , there are only about 12,000 fishermen in the uk . 
  the rest i do n't have much of an opinion on . 
  i think you both are reading a little too much into 5 votes in an obscure thread . 
  just cause he is at 0 votes , does n't mean the whole subreddit is anti-brexiter . 
  ok here you go : ref u geez  sorry to say , but they are n't compatible with europe . 
  i guess this is where we have different opinions . 
  there is a long history of muslim populations failing to integrate into european countries , yet there are also successes . 
  imho , there is as much onus on the host country to help integrate as there is on the immigrants . 
  comparatively , why have turks been able to better integrate into german society than algerians in france ? 
   i have n't experienced this . 
  you said yourself your friend wants to flee munich because of what happened there . 
   there is an obvious problem with migrant crime in germany that your media is ignoring for ideological reasons . 
  some outlets refused to cover the story of the german daughter of an eu official being raped and murdered the only lamentation i heard of was zdf or ard not reporting on the afghan who killed the med school student . 
  those entities never bring up local crime stories on their national news shows . 
  there was a double murder in the town i live in 3 years ago . 
  it was n't shown or mentioned on national tv news . 
  local news and national magazine news shows cover these enough . 
   western ' guilt is being taken advantage of . 
  it depends on where you are from . 
  a lot of countries like france , england , russia , us , etc. 
  obviously have no guilty or they would do more . 
  had these countries shown real solidarity towards this issues and tackled it together we would be in a better situation . 
   why not process them outside of the eu ? 
  it is being tried , but german consulates can only do so much . 
   deport everyone who is n't from syria that is the plan , but the process is quite long and arduous ( 1-3 years ) . 
   or maybe not let them in to begin with . 
  can you even with a straight face believe that we have complete control over our borders and that there would be significantly less refugees in europe ? 
  they would be here undocumented and living here illegally . 
  this way at least the states have their names , fingerprints and can attempt to help them civilly . 
   kind of a strawman . 
  you implied that other countries near syria were not doing enough about the refugee crisis . 
  i countered and proved that 3 middle east countries with 1/4 of the eu population were hosting 4 times more refugees . 
  not even mentioning the gdp disparity . 
  that is not a straw-man argument . 
  and i agree that saudi arabia could do more too . 
  even if it is a `` shit hole '' as you called it . 
   stuttgart was wonderful . 
  but was it extreme ? 
  doubtful . 
   they are actually afraid now . 
  well that is their right . 
  i personally am more afraid of bat-shit drivers and diesel emissions . 
  however , i do n't know where you would run to . 
  which country is safe from random islamic violence ? 
  btw , living in the us in 2001 i kept hearing : * these colors do n't run * divided we fall * do n't change your way of life the terrorists will have won unfortunately , here in europe the exact opposite happened . 
  one month after the brussels attacks , while i made sure to go there for the first time in my life to lay down some flowers , my girlfriend 's school , she is a teacher , canceled their teachers conference in brussels . 
  it was scheduled 8 months later !, 
  this defeatist attitude prevalent in europe is just shameful . 
   crime stats ( warning : downloads as xls ) is there a point to this ? 
  crime rate has not changed considerably in germany . 
  rates in 2012 were higher . 
  if you are to lazy to make a point or a graph based on this link , i for sure wo n't . 
   these refugees should be cared for where it 's cheaper and more efficient the countries surrounding syria in part already take in way more refugees per capita . 
  there are 5 million in turkey 1.2 million in jordan and iran also has 1 million ( partly from afghanistan ) . 
  http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php iran has the second most compared refugees to its population 6.8 % ( about a million ) . 
  so it is a false narrative that the middle east does nothing and that it would be more * efficient * to have them there . 
  using refugees as percentage of host nation population i doubt any western country would make the top 20 list . 
   i have to worry about what germany is doing to the eu . 
  it is a large part of the eu who are not picking up their fair share . 
  it 's not a job germany wanted . 
  is the alternative to have undocumented refugees roaming the countryside in eastern europe ? 
  again there were no solutions put forth by you to a complex problem . 
  only a false narrative . 
  i had high hopes of you :(, 
  lol , so was stuttgart really extreme ? 
  there probably could n't be a more mainstream and boring city in germany . 
  a large majority coming to germany are eastern europeans that are allowed to be here based on the schengener treaty . 
  in that regard every eu country is then extreme . 
  the minority of people are then people seeking asylum . 
  those registering for asylum application peaked in nov 2015 at 200,000 . 
  now it has leveled off to pre-syrian conflict levels at around 16k/month . 
  https://www.bpb.de/politik/innenpolitik/flucht/218788/zahlen-zu-asyl-in-deutschland#registrierungen it 's not like we wanted to invite them . 
  but many other countries ( not all ) just are not picking up the slack and helping with this problem . 
  i do n't know what other solutions there are .
