  this is the generally agreed upon number by the majority of historians . 
  according to you only 1 million russian soldiers ( 95 % of 20 million ) would have died , had russia some kind of modern napoleonic wunderkind . 
  yeah , not going to happen given how backwards russia was compared the european super powers at that time and going back to the turn of the century . 
  nice whataboutisms though ... 
  can i be your coworker please ? 
  you do over eighty percent of the work and i 'll get equal credit . 
  thanks in advanced !, 
  i apologize for our ignorance in the west . 
  we have been subjected to decades of us propaganda of how much they sacrificed in d day and the battle of the bulge . 
  never-mind that on the east front these would have been minor skirmishes of small note . 
  in stalingrad alone the germans killed more russians then all other allied losses together . 
  the russian narrative was lost in the cold war . 
  what was the percent of the 8.7 million soldiers that were needlessly killed due to stalin 's incompetence/policies ? 
  considering the red army bore and defeated the brunt of the wehrmacht , makes them heroes in my book . 
  if i could only choose one side not to be a grunt for , from the major allied and axis powers in ww2 , it would have been the soviets . 
  the us military has other venues for propaganda like : * flyovers at football games [ \\ ( over a 1000 per year \\ ) ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/nov/26/military-does-more-than-1000-flyovers-per-year-but/ ) * payments to pro sports teams to salute veterans * special games dedicated to veterans * heck there are kids in school playing soldiers , all supported and paid for by the government, 
  remember the sacrifices by the red army !, 
  no army has sacrificed as remotely much as they did in ww2 . 
  the short film * the fallen of ww2 * visualizes this fact quite spectacularly . 
  i 'd recommend 5:30 to 7:00 . https://vimeo.com/128373915 obviously what happened after ww2 was a disgrace . 
  but it should not deter from their sacrifice and achievement of the red army . 
  based on your received downvotes communism must be a trigger word , even in europe . 
  discussion is * unpossible * . 
  your are right . 
  on paper it looks quite similar . 
  i had n't noticed . 
  if i remember correctly , in germany there are severe restrictions on how much profits health insurance companies that provide basic coverage can get ( none i think , the profits are made into reserves ) . 
  additionally , a panel of doctors , health providers and others determine national prices for procedure and other medical costs . 
  other major cost factor differences off the top of my head are : * in the us the ama artificially limits the number of doctors through stringent hoops new prospective docs need to go through . 
  that is why germany has about 2.5 times more docs per capita . 
  * the legal system is extremely financially punitive . 
  especially the civil courts . 
  doctors with high health risk procedures , like radiologists and anesthesiologists need to buy very pricey insurances ( which in some states were not even available for a while ) . 
  i remember the anesthesiologist for my surgery in the us was paid on a minute basis . 
  ( 20 $ / min ) on another note , my ex girlfriends uncle in the us , bought a million dollar home after working as an anesthesiologist for about 10 years . 
  there are probably other differences ( like no consensual backing by politicians ) that are also at hand . 
   our founding fathers knew that democracy does n't work . 
  then your quote does n't even come from a founding father , but in major part by alexander fraser tytler , a scottish intellectual . 
  who was a major critic of republican democracy . 
  another quote from him describes the state of affairs in the us quite nicely : * `` nor were the superior classes in the actual enjoyment of a rational liberty and independence . 
  they were perpetually divided into factions , which servilely ranked themselves under the banners of the contending demagogues ; and these maintained their influence over their partisans by the most shameful corruption and bribery , of which the means were supplied alone by the plunder of the public money '' . 
  * we will see which quote more truly describes reality . 
  i could be wrong , but i think you still need to be enrolled in health insurance in germany . 
  at the very least you would have to go through some tricky red tape . 
  probably due to the nature of the multi-payer system . 
  anyone know for sure ? 
  is that why its not called dual-payer healthcare anymore ? 
  it is odd that this model is never even discussed in the us . 
  you would think they would jump on it . 
  i guess they just see the * huge * restrictions health care companies must endure in germany . 
  false , no where even near true . 
  looks like on average americans get 10 days : https://gusto.com/framework/health-benefits/paid-vacation-time-how-do-you-stack-up/  * nearly one-fourth of u.s. companies offer no time off . 
  a remarkable 23 percent of americans have no paid vacations and no paid holidays . 
  * 10 is the magic number . 
  the average american worker receives 10 days of paid vacation per year . 
  european countries , by contrast , mandate that employers offer at least 20 days a year . 
  some eu countries have even upped the requirement to 25 and 30 days . 
  * hourly workers are the exception , but there 's a catch . 
  the bottom 25 percent of hourly workers only get an average of four paid vacation days a year , but the top 25 percent of hourly workers get 14 days . 
  please state where you get your data from for 17-20 days pto . 
  by the way , there are 10 federal holidays , of which 2 ( mlk and columbus day ) you will most likely not get off for , unless you work for a bank or the government . 
  in the states i worked and lived in , there were no state holidays that anyone got a day off for . 
  i agree wholeheartedly to your sentiment , yet some of states ( alabama , mississippi and louisiana for example ) have similar * scars * to soviet states . 
  maybe unbridled capitalism , in conjunction with institutionalized racism and voting for a one party system is like being under soviet rule for 40 years . 
   i get 2.5 weeks a year and i work for a retail chain myself . 
  sounds like you got a good gig . 
  the full timers at the retail store i worked at got 2 weeks after 5 years i think . 
  i worked 2 part time jobs to make some extra money before studying in germany . 
  there were plenty of people older then me working the same jobs without chance for vacation . 
  should n't low wage retail people or part timers get some vacation as well ? 
  i mean what is better for families then spending time together . 
  here if you work 20 hours a week you get 50 % of the maximum required paid vacation ( at 40hrs you get 100 % ) . 
  why should it be only for full timers ? 
  anyway , those periods broke my heart . 
  especially when you could n't help your coworkers with family , by taking over a thanksgiving shift . 
  and do n't even get me started with overtime pay . 
   culturally , people feel very outwardly cold here . 
  they 're incredibly friendly when you get to know them , but there just are n't as many smiles from strangers and small talk with people in a queue . 
  i agree with this sentiment . 
  i hate the coldness and impersonal nature of many germans . 
  the thing i hate most is the oberlehrerhaft ( a bit like man-splaining ) . 
  it just drives me nuts . 
  unfortunately , i probably have some of this trait as well . 
   you think you 're an authority on the subject because you worked a fucking job during high school there , wow how helpful in hs and college i worked bottom rung jobs there . 
  after graduating i worked as an engineer for 5 years there . 
  plus i have family who work and live there and can relate their accounts to you . 
  i know i am not the authority on the us , but i know that i know more about the us then your average german . 
  send your inane and baseless insults somewhere else , since its all you ever got . 
  but i guess its as good a tactic as any when your a fanboy and do n't have facts to back up your claims . 
  for a drone you would need it , but not for the robots ( lawn mowing and vacuuming ) we were talking about . 
  only code as complex as needed . 
   it 's 8 weeks off for mothers where i work , 2 weeks for fathers that makes you the privileged minority in the usa , when only 16 % of pregnancies are offered maternity leave . 
  or do n't you see it that way ? 
  i meant no disrespect but i guess some words have been turned into trigger words in my ten year absence from the us . 
  edit : i thought it was punny , since it is part of your name ... . 
  so punish the unborn . 
  got it . 
   disingenuous mate i did n't work with just high school aged people . 
  most were full timers in their 30s , 40s and 50s . 
  even had they been teenagers do n't they deserve maternity leave ?
