uhh ohh bringing out the bold font ... :(  my point that environmental groups supported pro-biofuel public policy and the adoption of this type of programs was disputed . 
  is disputed by only this statement ? 
   the push for biofuel subsidies happened because of the farming lobby , not because of the environment i read it as the push was successful due to farming and other lobbies and not the due to the environmental lobby , since we all know who really holds the power . 
  i guess we agree we have talked past each other , 
  since you are selectively reading my comments , i 'll reiterate the main point again : in 1998 there was little knowledge as to if europe could successfully duplicate brazilian biofuel success . 
  the scientific data indicated it may , thus the policy making was not done based on some gut feeling `` consensus '' as you put it . 
  additionally , in the times of despair back then , with ever increasing oil prices , climate change and increasing energy dependence on russia . 
  a shotgun approach to combat these issues was needed . 
  some worked out , some did n't . 
  unfortunately , once initiated , it appears to be difficult to undo these programs . 
   no excuse for not knowing the basics of your own country 's geostrategy . 
  thats a high bar for a country who 's geostrategy is global . 
   `` support for biofuels ranged across industrial ( ... ) groups '' on my end it sounds disingenuous if you name the royal society of birds and not the oil or car lobby . 
  but perhaps the rsob has some mega lobbying power that i do n't know of . 
  anyway , biofuels in 1998 were fairly new . 
  no one had much experience with them outside of brasil . 
  brasil , with their sugar cane based ethanol , probably has the best biofuel available . 
  at the time it looked like a good alternative for an oil thirsty europe . 
  unfortunately , as we know now , biofuels based on rapeseed and other crops ( corn , etc. ), 
  do n't have nearly as good eroei ratios as sugar cane based ethanol in brasil . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_returned_on_energy_invested the idea of promoting biofuels was seen back then as much of a whack-brained as promoting wind energy . 
  now look where that has gotten us . 
  wind powers 25 % to 35 % of some major industrial zones . 
  hindsight is always 20/20 . 
   wrong . 
  sure , farmers were all for it , but so were most environmentalists . 
  does n't mean a lot of environmental activists were not against it at the time . 
  of course if you have corporate interests pushing an agenda , which at the time seemed green , you will generally get it through . 
  it was probably more due to the corporate than the environmental push ( if there was much ) that this got through . 
  you conveniently left out of your copypasta from the link the following industrial groups : [ agriculture , oil , automotive lobbies , corporations , rapeseed growers , archers daniels midland , ] ( https://gyazo.com/0d643df41d497c831a28271934d4e03b ), 
  not really a fair analysis . 
  why should americas know everything about the baltic states ? 
  they have a combined population of 6 million . 
  does that mean europeans should know about the us states delaware and maryland ( combined population of 7 million ) ? 
  do we know their capitals , political leanings or their location on a map ? 
  is n't it weird for europeans to dis americans for not knowing all our capitals , but yet us not knowing any of their state capitals ? 
  ukraine has unfortunately had more terror related deaths , 871 since 2014 , than the rest of europe combined . 
  i agree if you buy normal priced items . 
  if you buy the sale items they can even beat aldi/lidl . 
  just do n't forget your card . 
  as per article :  the highest levels of colic , which was defined as crying more than three hours a day for at least three days a week , were found in the uk ( 28 % of infants at one to two weeks ) , canada ( 34.1 % at three to four weeks ) and italy ( 20.9 % at eight to nine weeks ) . 
   the lowest colic rates were reported in denmark ( 5.5 % at 3-4 weeks ) and germany ( 6.7 % at 3-4 weeks ) . 
  are n't the angles from denmark ? 
  you 'd think some of that genetic quiet baby stock would have transferred . 
  have there been top officials of any eu state saying this ? 
  i have n't heard of that yet . 
  he was proposing splitting up their country ? 
  only citizens of the uk can do that . 
  and since when was it the brit 's country ? 
  with neither side using sources ? 
  i 'll take it . ^ ^ please ^ ^ prettyplease ... . 
  you are squirming like a fish in the sun . 
  you are honestly telling me the us pays 60 % of gdp on social programs . 
  that would be twice as much as any other country . 
  additionally , that false fact is nowhere in your link anyway . 
  time to make up a new lie and log on to your second profiles to upvote . 
  it would be funny , if you were n't such a sad individual . 
  obviously you feel the need to push the online bully profile to overcome some real life shortcomings . 
  i hope you get help . 
   the us pays over 60 % of its gdp to social programs , nice try though . 
  read your own link !, 
  it says :  in fiscal year 2015 , the federal government spent $ 3.7 trillion , amounting to 21 percent of the nation 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) . 
  and you come with budget numbers to a gdp argument ? 
  but upon reading further , i recognize a bully when i see one . 
  you obviously have no respect for other opinions , nor for yourself . 
  civil discord is not possible with you / u/landtank -- . 
  i am not even going to advance this topic any further . 
  i meant proven technology . 
  fracking , like any technology , strictly regulated is definitely a technology with no side affects . 
  oil companies not only have a good idea where fault zones are underground , but also the sediment zone that will be affected affected by fracking . 
  it has been done , for example , by exxon since the 70s in germany . 
  the agu and other european geophysical organisations all say fracking is viable . 
  the scientific consensus is there . 
  just because the us allowed a `` wild west culture '' with regards to fracking , letting companies frack unregulated , does n't mean its a bad technology . 
  there , for example , the state epa in oklahoma had no oversight over the oil industry and they fracked along fault zones and did n't properly seal oil wells ( which is not the fault of fracking ) . 
  that is why the media rightly so went against fracking . 
  but in germany we have a strong environmental agencies , which can enact strict regulations . 
  i see no reason for fear . 
  exactly . 
  plus we are n't using proven technologies like fracking to maximizing production . 
  you are right my bad . 
  i had thermodynamics ages ago . 
  probably getting it confused with the number for a single cycle steam power-plant . 
  according to wikipedia :  so a real best-of-class baseload ccgt efficiency of 54 % , as experienced by the utility operating the plant , translates to 60 % lhv as the manufacturer 's published headline ccgt efficiency . 
  if i remember correctly , we had to calculate efficiencies using the hhv . 
  i wonder if we should tell that blogger that correlation does n't equal causality . 
  his brain may explode . 
   it is generally accepted ( at least , not my understanding ) in all of europe that cousin marriage is incestuous even if not illegal in all places . 
  you may want to rethink that statement . 
  pretty much thank the nobility that first cousin marriage is legal in ca . 
  90 % of europe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cousin_marriage#/media/file:cousinmarriageworld.svg from : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cousin_marriage#current_status edit : link clarification, 
  do n't forget that the top universities in the us each have tens of billions in foundation monies . 
  harvard does n't even need tuition to run . 
  on the other hand , i do n't recall a major german university defrauding its students like there was in the us . 
  itt with 45000 students was denied federal permits it came under fire for questionable practices , including allegations of high-pressure recruiting tactics , falsified paperwork , high rates of default on student loans for itt tech students , and inadequate educational standards . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/itt_technical_institute i wonder if the great schools at the top even counterbalance the shit at the bottom . 
  but all hail capitalism ... 
  not really , why ? 
  ah , personal insults when discussing some faux happiness indicator .
