  but i guess the proles should just suffer . 
   are you trying to tell me german teenagers are all engineers with weeks of pto and salaries ? 
  every pregnancy in germany is entitled to 14 months maternity ( typically not all is taken ) leave in addition to 8 weeks paid time off prior to the due date . 
  this is for the child after all . 
  it does n't matter if your a manager at vw or working at mcd . 
  many americans , ( not you in particular ) have this notion that maternity care and health care for the mother during the pregnancy is only for the mother and a privilege . 
  and that the pregnancy is a choice done by the mother . 
  thus she needs to suck it up and get back to work asap . 
  this probably contributes to american babies die at almost twice the rate then german babies : https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr63/nvsr63_05.pdf maternity care and health care during pregnancy is for the child . 
  every german i know recognizes this fact . 
   yeah , thanks for the condescension . 
  was n't that the tone you were going for when you wrote :  sorry you do n't have clue . 
  i thought i was quite mild in comparison . 
  but who am i ? 
  just clueless . 
   step-climbing vacuum cleaners . 
  distinguishing forms of obstacles . 
  lawn mowers that are sensitive/predictive of inclines . 
  pretty sure they can still get away with using a 2d view of the world with * transmuting * 3d objects into it . 
  so going from a 2d coding to 3d coding is not more difficult ? 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  the same divide exists on reddit . 
  just look at the r/europe [ poll results ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewanalytics?key=0ajtdqi7boekodgjnvnllcuvqrdfnd0rnwhdxa0tszwc&amp;gridid=0#chart ) . 
  sorry thee results are a bit old i think , but i could not find a link to the newest poll . 
  god , how that word * privilege * has evolved in my absence . 
  not in a good way . 
  they had relatives and used baby formula . 
  not ideal for the babies development . 
  but not everyone can afford to skip a couple of paychecks . 
  oddly enough , us redditors do n't accurately represent the us either . 
  typically young urban professionals are much more likely to use reddit compared to less fortunate poorer americans . 
  i have lived in both countries and have worked fast food and retail in the us , while going to hs and studying . 
  its borderline criminal what those people have to endure in the name of unbridled capitalism . 
  but hey , to each his opinion . 
  [ 16 % ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/carol-evans/mandated-paid-maternity-leave_b_5525605.html ) of pregnant women get maternity leave from private employers . 
  glad you are in the elite . 
  we get 14 months here . 
  granted we get paid 60 % of the salary , but we can decide whether the father or mother takes it ( splitting it works as well ) . 
  only the elite deserve vacation !, 
  its sensors can pick up obstacles in a 3d world and transmutes them into a 2d worldview . 
  so you would generate vacuum/lawn-mowing bot code using a 3d virtual environment ? 
  why ? 
  it would make the code more difficult by an order of magnitude . 
  for what advantage ? 
  i see none . 
  good luck selling that idea to your boss , by the way . 
  please enlighten the clueless . 
  i agree . 
  the history and demise of unions in the us is quite interesting . 
  it 's funny how it shows that they still are needed , even in our modern world . 
   many companies offer it to their employees . 
  not true . 
  [ 16 % ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/carol-evans/mandated-paid-maternity-leave_b_5525605.html ) of pregnant women getting leave is not many . 
  only well paying white collar jobs offer it . 
  here it is mandatory and for 14 months , not just for the elite . 
  why not offer it for everyone . 
  family values my arse . 
   operate on a 2d plane thanks for backing me up . 
  i agree , yet the unions in the us were pretty confrontational as well . 
  they wrote a shit-ton of clauses in the contracts that safeguarded and protected bad employees . 
  i remember at the paper mill i worked at there was a union rule that if someone caught you sleeping at the job , it was n't considered sleeping as long as you were n't using a pillow . 
  maybe the same thing happened here as well . 
  i do n't know . 
  living the american dream in fast food . 
  what do you expect . 
  in my formative years i worked fast food and retail in the us . 
  no one ever got pto for pregnancy . 
  typically the person was back at work 2 to 5 days later . 
  only [ 16 % ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/carol-evans/mandated-paid-maternity-leave_b_5525605.html ) of private us employers offer maternity leave . 
  i bet none of those 16 % are blue collar service jobs . 
  given how little the average american knows about how other countries live , it does n't wonder me . 
  i 'd be happy too if i had no idea that other countries offer 4 weeks paid vacation , have maternity leave , offer nearly free child care and have an efficient and effective health care system . 
  i mean they get to shop at all times of the day , right ? 
   most jobs do give you pto uhmmm that is definitely a negatory . 
  on average us women get 2.8 paid weeks off . 
  get your propaganda elsewhere . 
  same could be said for the us and their states . 
   yes , for the time being . 
  but already in the list you 've given , automation is making inroads : vacuuming robots and lawn-mowing robots are now consumer products . 
  for these robots the world is 2d . 
   there are plenty of companies looking for long term growth in us , and the ones that do not will dissapear due to competition . 
  i still see some especially egregious outsourcing and reduction of worker right companies still around . 
  caterpillar comes to mind for example . 
  you are right some companies do look after long term growth . 
  however , in the nineties most industrial us companies looked to maximize short term profits . 
  thus :  germany is better at sustaining employment growth and productivity , while expanding citizens ' real incomes . 
  even with wages and benefits that are higher than those in the u.s. by 66 % , manufacturing in germany employed 22 % of the workforce and contributed 21 % of gdp in 2010 . 
  the bottom line : german manufacturers are contributing significantly to employment growth and real income expansion . 
   in the u.s. , by contrast , fewer and fewer people are employed in middle-class manufacturing jobs . 
  in 2010 , just under 11 % of the workforce was employed in manufacturing , and manufacturing contributed 13 % of gdp . 
  inequality is on the rise , and the country 's balance of payments is getting worse . 
  from : https://hbr.org/2014/05/why-germany-dominates-the-u-s-in-innovation us industrial companies shifted their manufacturing overseas or to mexico . 
  this created a much more service oriented economy and a ton of manufacturing expertise was lost . 
   there is no evidence that forcing companies to put workers in power helps the economy unions empower workers . 
  so unions only hinder the economy ? 
  i really miss the 60 hour work week and no time for leisure . 
  i bet the 40hr work week helped rather then hinders the growth of an economy . 
  you must understand the rhetoric within management in the us is purely a us vs them mentality . 
  i have not encountered this at this level in germany or any western european company i 've visited . 
  the us is still scarred from the cold war in this regard .
