  as a side note , new asylum requests per month are back to 2014 levels with a falling trend . 
  just because the danes do n't know how to integrate people into their society does n't mean it ca n't be done and that it has no benefits . 
  i have lived in a very productive society where 20 % of the population was an immigrant 120 years prior . 
  i 'd like to see a comprehensive cost benefit analysis . 
  yes this would be true for refugees that had been processed in another state . 
  however , most asylum seekers in germany passed over being processed in those states ( those states also did actively try to process them ) . 
  additionally , most claims were done in germany . 
  so no , even if germany wanted to use the dublin agreement as a way out , it would n't work on a large majority of cases . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/d08dc262-bed1-11e5-9fdb-87b8d15baec2 i agree with you . 
  dublin agreement is being overhauled hopefully in march . 
  keep it to the russian to compare economic pressure on a dictatorship with major human rights abuses to a covert land-grab military invasion . 
  most economists consider 5 % full employment . 
  you obviously do n't work in hr or have to hire people . 
  some people that do n't have disabilities and such are just unemployable . 
  we ca n't get germans to do certain jobs at where i work and if we do they do it unreliably . 
  migrants have taken those positions in stride and excelled . 
  granted some parts of germany have higher unemployment rates . 
  but they also have lower percent of refugee rates as well . 
   we can also make use of our right to deport all of them to greece or italy . 
  lmao , what made up right is this ? 
  simply not true . 
  the only country we can send asylum seekers to is their native country . 
  or are you saying all the refugees are greek/italian ? 
   we could also simply decline their application based on the fact that large parts of syria are safe you ca n't even say that with a straight face . 
  yeah send someone back to assad who killed people based on what music was on their phone . 
  remember 400,000 people died there . 
  that 's 2 % of the total population . 
   and most refugees are n't from syria anyway , they just hopped on the money train when they saw that it would work . 
  simply not true . 
  27 % of asylum seekers were rejected . 
  the rest had some credible reason to have been admitted for 1 to 3 years . 
  i see you citing something , but it certainly is n't this article . 
  please link !, 
   i would argue that the actual number of people we saved from death you do understand the responsibility a nation has to an asylum seeker . 
  one ca n't just send them to a third country like turkey . 
  are you advocating for sending them back to syria into a war zone ? 
  if that is the case , then yes we have saved more then have drowned , considering over 400,000 have died there already . 
  the french could n't even integrate f ( x ) = 1 . 
  what to do with billions : * maybe get 1 % better health care out one of the best health care systems in the world ? 
  * get slightly better autobahns ? 
  * or alleviate the immigration strain on europe by reducing giant refugee camps in eastern europe/greece . 
  where the states are completely incompetent and extremism could grow unchecked ? 
  we get the added benefit of grateful immigrants turning into productive citizens ( if the integration process can be done successfully by both sides . ), 
  thereby helping a rapidly dying/aging nation . 
  by 2060 in germany the over 67 populations doubles with 12 million less citizens . 
  looked it up and 27 % of asylum seekers were turned back . 
  rest were admitted . 
   their countries of origin are drained of young men while our country is overfilled with them . 
  ratio men to women asylum seekers is 60 to 40 % . 
  you have a source for that multiple trillion figure ? 
   today , we simply do n't . 
  do n't know what we you are talking about . 
  germany does need labor right now ( we are at full employment ) and in the future it needs more population . 
  by 2060 , the number of people 67 and older will double , and population will decrease by 12 million . 
  current programs for elder care and etc. 
  will be unsustainable . 
  well it is n't a flood anymore . 
  numbers are down to pre 2014 levels . 
  language course are being done here . 
  here the refugees are spread across town in their own apartments . 
  no concentration anymore . 
  the center here had 450 at the peak . 
  its down to around 100 now . 
   it 's failed because the vast majority of the people will not live the prosperous lives they imagined ca n't say that is true from what i see outside my house . 
  plenty of turks with good jobs and good cars . 
  they make me look like a foreigner . 
  ( i never clean my car ) . 
   the whole current policy is not doing anyone any favours . 
  probably helping countries with full employment . 
  there may be some other positives . 
   we could be helping to sustainably change/fix broken countries . 
  totally agree . 
  to bad the un is broken . 
  maybe each european country should partner up with a broken country in order to help them . 
  the partner of the broken country with the most improvement gets to host eurovision . 
  plus we know now that the policy of dumping food and clothing in africa wrecked large parts of their economy . 
  not to mention free trade agreements ... 
  there is also a cost to not helping . 
  we are all in agreement about the best solutions that are impossible . 
  so where do we go from here ? 
  you still offer no alternative . 
  should we be dumping them into the ocean after they come to europe and we ca n't get a middle eastern country to take them in ? 
  some people think like trump . 
  you either see things my way or fuck you . 
  the whole middle east is a quagmire . 
  iran , turkey and jordan take in multiple times more refugees based on population compared to any country in europe . 
  the tip of the iceberg came to europe . 
  if only 2 countries had n't unilaterally invaded a sovereign country in 2003 and if one country in particular had done a better job in anything in regards to its colonial power in that region , maybe things would not be as effed up . 
  not even mentioning 1948 ... 
  pretty thin skinned about other people 's opinions are n't ya . 
  if they could have a just educational system they would not have to depend on immigrants in the universities . 
  as long as education depends mainly on property taxes the us system is going to lag behind other countries . 
  no amount of vouchers is going to change that . 
  yay , we got the top universities . 
  yet we are lagging in all the rest . 
  are you really counting on just helping the top of the gaussian curve ? 
  do you think they can affect the rest and shift the curve to the right ? 
  i have my doubts . 
   people like elon musk . 
  yet with an average bachelors degree , which the majority of americans at tops have , i doubt you would get a job at tesla/space x. i bet the majority of engineers and scientists there are foreign born intellectual exceptionalists .
