  i can understand it when you say things without sources and then give sources without annotating them . 
  just really frustrating . 
  but that is par for the course . 
  your link : https://www.cbs.nl/en-gb/publication/2016/47/annual-report-on-integration-2016 seems like this would give creedence to u/cmdrbratwurst claims . 
   this is a problem of northern africans . 
  they are statically very over represented in crimes . 
  percentage of population having been suspected of crimes : turkish moroccan surinamese antillean other non-western 2.53 % 4.64 % 3.43 % 5.06 % 2.26 % looks like middle eastern men are lowest in this pdf . 
  since you are obviously fluent in german and danish you can now please translate and explain to us the other 2 sources you gave and how they support your line of argument . 
  i answered the direct question of the poster above us . 
  something you failed to try or do with your response . 
  hence your response is either a deflection , or a misguided attempt to be funny . 
   that survey is interesting but can hardly be directly compared . 
  obviously . 
  this whole exercise is a farce given the nature of these surveys . 
   i wonder how much safer the women in freiburg feel now compared to a few years ago . 
  again another deflection ... by the way thanks for the down vote for an attempt at the real answer . 
   what do n't you get about the behaviour of middle-eastern men ? 
  so turks are n't of middle eastern persuasion ? 
   germany let in 710,000 turks in the late 60 's . 
  they have assimilated pretty well . 
  what part of that is hard to understand ? 
  do you have the ability to read 5 short sentences , recognize the information given and debate the merits of it ? 
  if you do n't know the specifics about the information , there is a great tool called google out there . 
  despite the deflections of u/sausageparty2015 i got some data from 2010 . 
  an internet survey about parks , with over 7641 participants , of which 47 % were female states that only 26 % felt safe in a park at night . 
  sicher ( m\u00e4nner 41 % ) * http://www.galk.de/links/down/ergebnisse2010_buergerbefrag.pdf now we just need to await the next survey about a subjective feeling to find out if things got worse . 
  then you know the division is not self imposed by the people who live and grow up in the ghettos . 
   then they should just leave sounds a bit like lecturing, 
   it will happen in germany . 
  funny , it has n't happened with the turks . 
  germany let in 710,000 turks in the late 60 's . 
  they have assimilated pretty well . 
  at least better compared to france 's middle eastern men ( by the way , are algeria and tunisia middle east ? ) . 
  the turkish population in germany stands at around 1.9 million right now . 
  irony = an current american lecturing a current german on ghettos . 
  ahh thanks . 
  was wondering which projection it was ... next google : cassini projection, 
  typically semi trucks enjoy economies of scale and constant running conditions compared to automobiles . 
  after reading your post i just learned that catalytic converters in diesel engines do n't reduce nox . 
  here in germany diesel kills more people per month ( probably a day ) then civilian nuclear ever will in germany . 
  but lets ban nuclear and cease all research on it cause it feels scary . 
  that 's a weird map . 
  since when does kazakhstan share the same latitude as finland . 
  or did kazakhstan reclaim some russian territory ? 
  you gave an example where the context is different . 
  they give him a gift . 
  he shows his appreciation for it by showing it to them . 
  this context is lacking in the merkel example . 
  we would gladly understand your * rational well known facts * if it fit the context . 
  like i said rock or putin no difference . 
  you failed to elaborate on what putin did over my rock to improve the economy . 
  maybe with a rock they would have a lot more skilled workers still wanting to be there and contributing to their economy , or i doubt the sack loads of money putin laundered in spain from st. petersburg helped russians . 
  but keep trying mr. putin fan boy . 
  you could only go up from rock bottom . 
  even a rock could govern that to success given virtually unlimited oil and a $ 100 barrel oil price . 
  imagine where russia would be without corruption and oligarchs . 
  well duh !, 
  the japanese gave it to him . 
  that 's why he brought it . 
  it would be really rude for him not to show the dog at their meeting . 
  yep . 
  just as an anecdote , i went to have my anmeldung updated on my german passport , because i was going abroad . 
  i went to the b\u00fcrgerb\u00fcro at 7:59 in the morning in order to be the first person in line and so i could get to work in time . 
  at the desk there was an older gentleman ** heavily ** admonishing the secretary , that when he says something she has to do it and not get other people 's opinion about something . 
  i thought , weird you would do this in front of a customer . 
  then the gentleman went to the b\u00fcro and held a meeting with the employees for about 25 minutes . 
  all the while there were people waiting to get serviced . 
  turns out the man was our mayor and runs city hall like a serfdom . 
  he could n't just call for a meeting during the 12 to 14:30 break ? 
  anyway living in a system with no competition sucks . 
  unfortunately , it definitely is . 
  it does n't help that the local politicians have n't had to worry about another party coming to power in 50 years . 
  that could be the problem in the us as well . 
  since coming to germany i have been able to talk about politics with near strangers . 
  be it at work , the pub or at the club . 
  in america everyone gets hissy fits and dredges talking politics . 
  even in their own families . 
  nobody at work ever talked politics there . 
  in germany it is quite accepted . 
  of course , like in the us , there are certain topics where germans are a bit irrational and use emotions to guide their politics , but overall they will listen to your view point . 
  i do n't know if america 's inability to discus politics among non like minded comes from that incessant need to be liked . 
  maybe every american is still secretly still a high school student . 
  i think it has a bit to do with the school system too . 
  high school is a joke for the most part and even if you take the honors class route you wo n't even come close to the scholastic aptitude what an abitur would give you . 
  heck , german abiturienten were reading and analyzing the same books that american high school seniors were in their english classes . 
  with low standards and no emphasis on critical thinking , you are going to get low information voters . 
  no wonder 80 % of high schoolers cant detect fake news . 
  the male to female ratio is 60 % to 40 % . 
  the asylum here in my town had at peak 450 applicants . 
  it was pretty bad . 
  now since the wave died down the number is only 150 . 
  most others have found apartments or moved elsewhere . 
  well i do n't give credence to stereotyping , but germany admitted 710,000 turks in the late 60s . 
  they seem to have integrated pretty well . 
  i think you are right . 
  i think 2nd or 3rd generation immigrants are at a higher risk of listening to and following fundamentalist ideologies . 
  of course this may be a response to the marginalization those people endured . 
  as an american living in germany , i got ta admit a lot of europeans have a better grasp of internal american politics than do americans . 
  all roundabouts here do n't have zebra stripes . 
  it would be russian roulette to cross a roundabout without stopping , looking and making sure the cars do n't stop .
