  additionally , 30 % of the cars do n't blink when exiting the roundabout . 
  it 's clearly a traffic law a lot of people are ignorant about . 
  it states that cars need to stop for pedestrians . 
  zebra stripes would make it more clear . 
  man i really need to get out to spain and portugal . 
   that city sounds neat . 
  i just read cologne has around 130 ( in 2010 ) . 
  as an american , i am fascinated by roundabouts . 
  super efficient and safe compared to lights and stop signs ( yuck ) . 
  it seems each different car driving culture has their own rules for them . 
  here in germany the car driver is king . 
  as a pedestrian you have to hope he puts his turn signal on when exiting . 
  there are some roundabouts with zebra stripes in them , but they are reserved for the bigger cities . 
  typically car drivers will not yield their right of way to pedestrians unless you are with a kid ( thank god for my 3 year old ) . 
  in the netherlands you have to stop for bikes and pedestrians ( i think ) . 
  plus bikes have to signal which way they are going in their respective bike lane . 
  i think older rules made it you had to signal your exit direction going into the roundabout . 
  some dutch will blink left while entering a roundabout . 
  in italy ( in my modest experience ) most people yield their right of way to pedestrians . 
  sorry , i meant in germany . 
  i should have clarified it . 
  its due to our proximity to the belgian dutch border . 
  there was a segment in die zeit about it . 
  http://www.zeit.de/zeit-magazin/2014/49/kreisverkehr-deutschlandkarte this is per 1000 registered cars . 
  cool thanks for the info !, 
  do you not want a discussion with differing viewpoints , or do you want to be in an echo chamber ? 
  do n't think i have ever seen a two exit roundabout and i live in the german county with the most roundabouts per capita . 
  well there is another one 200 meters to the left ( south ? ), 
  on the picture . 
  sweet picture . 
  is that a roundabout with only 2 entrances at the bottom ? 
   the unemployment rate is faked by our government . 
  it probably has been faked the same way for the last 30 + years . 
  now it has reached record lows . 
   here is just a small taste of it : so again you ca n't come up with numbers or a rate . 
  in this link you provided , a community is whining ( i see a trend ) about having to call eu wide bids for contracts worth 2.1 million euros ( construction ) and 211,000 euros ( services ) . 
  how much are german companies losing to eu competition ? 
  how much do german companies profit by being allowed to compete for bids in the eu ? 
  but given your inability to read a simple bar graph these may be tough for you to research on a first try . 
  but do n't give up and try again . 
   like you said : google is a magical thing . 
  there is no excuse to not inform yourself . 
  yes you learned how to search . 
  the next step is to filter and critically analyse the data you have in front of you . 
  personally , 420 has never helped me in this respect . 
  it has nothing to do with polls . 
  unlike the us , there is no system where a minority elected politician can rule without joining into a coalition . 
  additionally , there is less of a cult of personality in germany . 
  people generally still vote for parties and not for personalities . 
  like bumaye94 has said , it has to do with which coalition would be viable to supplant her . 
  die linke and afd would need a near majority 50 % , since no one would sidle up to them . 
  that leaves spd ( red ) and die gr\u00fcne ( green ) coalition . 
  they garnered on average 25 % and 10 % of the national vote ( may have changed a bit ) . 
  of course there is the occasional outlier like sachsen anhalt 's numbers . 
  that is like comparing dc or louisiana numbers to the general us numbers . 
  since you are interested in german politics , i would recommend reading up on it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_germany, 
   maybe last month , reading graphs seems not to be your strength ? 
  let me explain the bar graph to you . 
  in november 2015 the number of registrations peaked at over 200,000 . 
  since last march , the number has flatlined to around 14,000 , which is equivalent to pre-refugee surge numbers from 2012 . 
  since march 2016 , 10 months have passed not one . 
  stop making up facts please . 
  germany has handled it in the past . 
  around 710,000 turks came to germany in the late 60s . 
  almost the same amount of italians and greeks . 
  maybe that generation was n't a bunch lazy whiners making up facts . 
  i personally helped 2 young refugees get jobs in kitchens . 
  you would be quite amazed at how little knowledge of language is needed in these environments and at the language learning capability of a motivated person . 
  google is such a magical thing . 
  1st link under search term : ** asylantrag deutschland anzahl ** here is the link : https://www.bpb.de/politik/innenpolitik/flucht/218788/zahlen-zu-asyl-in-deutschland the light blue bars in the graph registrierte asylsuchende und asylantr\u00e4ge im vergleich . 
  yes germany is desperately broke from all that money spent on solidarity . 
  german state has biggest surpluses ever . 
  all those immigrants taking our jobs too . 
  unemployment is at a staggering 4.2 % . 
  how will we ever survive ? 
  well you are in luck . 
  new applications for asylum in germany have leveled off to pre 2012 levels . 
  plenty of service jobs to still go around . 
  especially with unemployment rates as they are . 
  trying to get a someone entrenched in ideology to understand the concept of a rate function is wasted time . 
  especially if the only defense for their ideas is : `` look at the shear numbers ! '', 
  so reparations should be paid on a karma basis ? 
  as long as your net karma has been good we can gloss over a couple of atrocities , genocides and failed state solutions . 
  this sounds like a reddit solution . 
  infinite karma to the nation who came up with the internets and pizza . 
  you obviously refuse to understand the concept of a rate . 
  maybe germany is a country of super-predators and commit 1 trillion crimes . 
  then the 69000 committed by your stated number of millions of immigrants would seem small in comparison and would reduce the overall crime rate in germany . 
  the funny thing is that i am on the fence about having more immigrants coming to germany . 
  your abrasive conduct has however , made me dislike your side of the argument more . 
  i am getting bored talking someone who is blatantly either very lazy in his/her argumentation or just pandering to populism . 
  good night !, 
  yes 3 articles relating to individual occurrences of crime . 
  one link with a google map of crime based on facebook data . 
  one link summing up the total crime by foreigners . 
  i know this may come as a shocker but no one is perfect . 
  you do know about the rate function . 
  according to wikipedia : the rate function , a function used to quantify the probabilities of a rare event . 
  typically someone who is concerned about a rare event will use the rate function to prove his/her point . 
  please learn the use of comparative statistics to make a point .
