  granted i know more refugees who do n't have jobs , but many just had their status confirmed . 
  there are plenty of open jobs germans are unwilling to do . 
  so opportunity is there . 
  i live in very rural germany and seeing the city shopping centers filled with more people is an added benefit . 
  shops were on a long road of decline . 
  generally all the welfare money they do get is reinserted into the economy . 
  i do n't believe the benefits are going to ever outweigh the costs . 
  but we have signed the convention relating to the status of refugees and the universal declaration of human rights and with those signings we have responsibilities . 
  plus can you imagine ny without a falafel stands ? 
  xd my mouth is getting watery just thinking about it . 
  yes , i totally believe this as well . 
  i think monies can help if they are properly used and if the country can successfully fight corruption . 
  just look at southern italy as the opposite example to poland . 
  the original statement said that rich europe does n't want to pay for poor europe . 
  that is absolutely not the case . 
  poland has made progress by leaps and bounds since they entered the eu . 
  this was in part due to the development fund ( # 56bn from 07 to 2013 ) and monies earmarked by the european parliament budget ( # 60bn 2014 - 2020 ) for poland . 
  gdp rose from # 130bn in 2005 to # 305bn in 2013 . 
  this rise in prosperity takes time and a large commitment from the countries . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/may/01/eu-poland-10-years-economic going back to the original argument . 
  have appalachia and the deep south of the us reach california and ny levels of prosperity , given the fact that they receive federal funding ? 
  not even remotely . 
  yet they all identify as american . 
  i would like to see some numbers . 
  that would be very interesting . 
  of course it would have to take into account the positives things the refugees done as well . 
  yeah , because poor europe has never gotten anything from the rich part . 
  there is no solidarity pact . 
  smh . 
  looks like spain made out like a bandit in 2010 alone with 3 billion from rich europe : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/brussels/website/media/modul_07/zusatzthemen/pdf/nettozahler.pdf, 
  sad that so many people do n't trust a government report . 
  the research cited in these reports are typically from legit institutions without bias . 
  the control panels/committees for these reports are quite good in germany . 
  since the german government is actively supporting and subsidizing diesel maybe the numbers are worse then the report says , according to your theory . 
  just did a quick search google scholar . 
  found 7200 transport exhaust related deaths per annum in uk . 
  i 'm sure there are other articles one can find , but i need some zzzzz 's . 
  http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/es2040416 the effects of diesel exhaust is not really in question in the scientific community . 
  you , like me , have been played . 
  nice cherry picking there . 
  and poor choice of sources . 
  let 's start with teachers . 
  you say average salary . 
  well starting salary is what we are looking for . 
  it ranges between 30 to 44k $ in the us with most states in the 33 to 37k range . 
  i threw alaska out , since they need to pay top oil dollars to lure them up there . 
  http://www.nea.org/home/2012-2013-average-starting-teacher-salary.html in nrw the starter salary for secondary school teacher is 50.4 k $ . 
  your source is an english website where ppl self reported . 
  my gf is a teacher here , so i know a little bit about this . 
  3868.04 x13 do n't forget xmas month http://www.oeffentlichen-dienst.de/news/69-gehalt/300-grundschullehrer-gehalt-lehrergehalt.html this wage difference for teachers is imho the main reason the american school system is broken . 
  they refuse to pay their teachers reasonable salaries and have been cutting the few benefits that they actually had . 
  no way quality ppl will sign up for that . 
  anyway , topic for another post . 
  engineers : i meant to say science , engineers , medical except biologists . 
  i had a brain fart . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  but just from personal experience i got a bachelor 's in engineering in germany in 2007 . 
  i received 60k starting salary in the us . 
  my fellow graduate friends got between 44k and 50k $ in germany . 
  not nearly the ratio you cited . 
  be careful civil engineers are a complicated lot to classify . 
  plus gb has some wonky engineering degree classifications . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/the-cost-of-living-worldwide-2015-1?ir=t nice link you provided , it actually proves my point . 
  your cost of living has the us in the 70 to 80 percentile , whereas east eu is in the 40 to 50 percentile . 
  the differences in the color coding for the other link the data is unreadable ( maybe i need a new monitor ) and also shows eastern eu as lower . 
  i 'd say putting an average on cost of living for a country with 300 + million inhabitants that is economically almost as diverse as the eu does n't make sense in my book . 
  yes taxes are lower in the us . 
  i made 60k and paid 38 % over there . 
  in germany it is about 50 % . 
  but remember depending on your health insurance you could be facing more costs . 
  maybe 3k deductible ? 
  do n't forget the other benefits : * 12 - 15 state holidays vs. 5 in us * 4 weeks vacation vs. 0 to 3 weeks . 
  i got 12 days a year as an engineer ; 3 weeks is the super rare exception i heard of * maternity leave * actual unemployment benefits , a safety net and many more so 36k debt is reasonable ? 
  remember graduates of 2 year colleges with associates degrees are in the same mix . 
  good luck paying $ 1500 per year just in interest with your associate degree . 
  these people want to start families . 
  plus the 36k may be after interest be more like 50 to 60k after it is all paid off . 
  20 years ago i studied in the us and would do it again . 
  but not today . 
  it 's gotten too expensive . 
  not worth the money . 
  even goldman sachs agrees : http://money.cnn.com/2015/12/09/news/economy/college-not-worth-it-goldman/ i bet the bang for your buck in higher education is similar to healthcare . 
  there the us pays 17.5 % of gdp for a failed system , while germany pays 12 % of gdp for one with better results . 
  not saying it 's great , but good . 
  hate to be the killjoy , but with a european population of 508 million and a canadian of 34 million , the eu should be able to accommodate about 15 times more refugees . 
  if you truly believe we in europe are overcrowded , then what can the coastal region of china and other asian countries say . 
  anyways , most refugees typically want to return home after a crisis . 
  of course the chance they stay rises the longer they need to be refugees . 
  care to quote your statistics and assumptions ? 
   and we hand pick our refugees from lebanese and jordanian camps ( not yazidis , though )  1/100th of the burden or is citing only reserved for doofuses ( doofi ? ), 
  and bufoons ? 
  a bit disingenuous of you to forget about the hardships and massacres the northern parts of syria had to endure over the last 40 years by the people in power : bashar al-assad and before that his father hafez . 
  the hama massacre alone has a death toll estimate of 10,000 to 40,000 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1982_hama_massacre, 
  if you cant see the difference between someone evolving their message over years/decades vs. someone changing their message on a weekly/monthly basis , then discussing this with you is pointless . 
  yeah like the president of the usa has any power . 
  you do realize he can only sign bills from the legislative into law . 
  as a black man in the us he is/was under special scrutiny . 
  it would have been complete political suicide for him to `` hold the red line '' . 
  i would lay the blame on the international community and a un that has no power/balls . 
  they earn more in some fields ( most science except biology , medical , engineering etc. ),
