  he has consistently developed jobs at his firms and helped industries , which are attainable by average americans : golf course attendants hoteliers construction workers mobsters food service personal etc. 
  what else did china have 25-30 years ago ? 
  a history of failed super powers ? 
  is that what determines your future greatness ? 
  i bet its large population was a bigger factor . 
   extrapolating its performance to other states is n't really that logical . 
  what factors would you use in determining , whether a nation has the potential to achieve greatness . 
  nobody in their right mind could have predicted china 's development back then . 
  they would have been considered * not that logical * . 
  good luck getting the next generation of talent from the american school system . 
  it already is a clown fiesta without devos . 
  which is the same as what china had 25 to 30 years ago . 
  must blow his american mind : a wealthy business man actually helping and empowering the little man . 
  this whole thread is causing a syntax error in his head . 
  as do i , ever since i had to clean toilets . 
  yet this practice , in the us for example , is unheard of and is considered unamerican . 
  i should have said ** some ** germans i guess . 
  thought it was implied with my flair . 
  lets not get into the whole german male sitting while peeing debate either . 
  yeah that is something germans do that i had to learn as well . 
  some sit while showering . 
  guess they will make a comeback again once they reach rock bottom . 
  you only engaged in slander and a false argument . 
  typical breitbart tactics . 
  but boohoo if others use those tactics against your supreme leader . 
   it 's all about money with these people . 
  but not for trump and his ilk . 
  obviously you are a trump fan boy who engages in ad hominem attacks . 
  debate and logic classes should be mandatory in schools . 
  or are you looking to be hired at breitbart ? 
  i disagree a bit . 
  i do n't think he is an agent , but sees the world as a zero sum game . 
  similar to what a hotel tycoon sees the business field he operates in . 
  any doubts and disparagement one can successfully sow about one 's competitors directly benefits one 's own bottom line . 
  if this type of success translates well to international politics is debatable . 
   but americans do n't go on vacation in saudi arabia because they do n't have the time to . 
  they are busy making money for their overlords . 
  only 16 paid vacation days on average for americans vs 30 to 35 for europeans . 
  http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2013/06/08/countries-most-vacation-days/2400193/  it 's a lot harder to justify a war to a civilian population . 
  where were you in 2003 ? 
  did you not see and witness the manipulation of the masses ? 
  i protested the hawkish talk prior to the war and signed a full page ad in the newspaper . 
  you would not believe the hate mail and calls i got just for having a different opinion . 
  the hive mind is quite frightening . 
  public opinion is very fickle and can be easily manipulated . 
  what a bunch of crock !, 
  real men use three data sets per map . 
  here is a real map : http://metrocosm.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/election-map-by-county-3d-1.png, 
  zero proof for all this bm you spout about blm . 
  still waiting for a non ad hominem argument . 
  but we wo n't get one from you . 
  you are truly grasping for straws . 
  breitbart gives them out and you take them blindly . 
  since you can not think critically and keep repeating the same asinine non-arguments you are actually wasting my time . 
  just be glad a billionaire is looking out for your well being . 
  he will protect you from all those blacks asking for reimbursements from your priveleged lifestyle . 
  lol, 
  yes virtually nobody crossed the iron curtain and virtually no trade crossed it either . 
  how would you be able to check every truck and every vehicle along a border like that given the copious amount traffic across it . 
  i doubt we want to go back to building a wall with machine gun nests either . 
  are you that scared of the off chance of being killed by a terrorist ? 
  do you drive your car around in bubble wrap ? 
  because that is certainly going to have a higher probability of saving your life then an iron curtain will . 
  we are talking about riots and looting and the best you can come up with is some misguided chants . 
  this is n't a military organisation . 
  its member a bunch of different people working together . 
  sometimes poeple go off message or do violence . 
  there is not much you can do as a ngo when everyone is a volunteer . 
  as to the $ 5000 payments . 
  well i myself have been involved in several ngo 's in the us . 
  from amnesty international , a pirg organisation and boys and girls club to food not bombs . 
  never did i see people get paid . 
  either these people expecting payments were mislead or the story is bogus . 
  considering your source , i would assume the latter . 
  according to wikipedia newsmax is :  according to us and news report , newsmax is a major player in gop politics , as seen during the 2012 primaries . 
   nielsen online said newsmax.com was the most trafficked conservative website with approximately 4 million unique visitors monthly . 
  [ 9 ] a 2010 study released by nielsen reported that newsmax.com was the number one site for conservatives in the u.s. , making it one of the most influential conservative news sites in the nation looks like a partisan * news source * pandering to its base . 
  if you really believe that people got paid to riot , how come there has been no real evidence and no indictments ? 
  i bet there are quite a few police agencies who would love to stick it to blm . 
  thinking critically and using tools like google in times of millions of news source is prudent . 
  i like how you try an ad hominem approach to the protesters in your links as well . 
  ohhh scary , they come from out of state to protest a national candidate . 
  really ? 
  you have an electoral collage which virtually prohibits the candidates from going to all states and you cry when protesters cross state lines ( wisconsin to illinois ) come to a trump event . 
  wtf . 
  not one word from your response was debating the merits of blms concerns . 
  my old debate teacher would have a heart attack . 
  then again this may be your method . 
  keep up these hit-jobs and breitbart will come calling soon . 
  maybe they will offer you $ 5000 . 
  of course i read the link . 
  he funds ngo 's that fight for people 's rights . 
  not hard to understand . 
  sometimes the rights have been abused for generations by their respective countries . 
  see ferguson and most of urban usa . 
  obviously these are emotional issues and if there is a protest sometimes violence comes out of it . 
  i provided links where blm called to peaceful protests in ferguson and around the us . 
  i dare you to provide a credible link says blm or any other ngo funded by soros has called for violence . 
  or do you have a problem with protest in general ? 
  the protest movement had worked in the usa in the 50 's and 60 's .
