  the uk make a constant stream of good movies and also great tv series, 
  4 weddings and 1 funeral ? 
  james bond ? 
  it is quark , i think he used the second closest alike . 
  you never heard of their glorious leader mr. lukashenko ? 
  don ' downvote kim here , please . 
  he just points to a typo/nonsense in the title of this post, 
  cz is ok but you should travel a little , if you have n't already . 
  i have seen many places i can imagine myself living at ... 
  haha now you dare , from 200km afar . 
  come and tell this on wenceslaw square . 
  thanks for the link . 
  the wiki page does n't say , why i remember erdo being very cool . 
  but one of the later reasons was his `` tolerant '' approach to the divorced and gay during the catholic synod about pastoral stuff ( sorry my english is not good enough to discuss this but i liked what i read ) . 
  the evangelical one - i found why i remember him - a very respectable slovak guy - doctor and organizer of humanitarian stuff - went to help to the hungarian-austrian border during the worst refugee crisis and saw an older guy working hard and cleaning toilets and they talked and he was the `` general bishop of the evangelical church '' . 
  i remember reading about a cool contemporary hungarian evangelical bishop but forgot the name . 
  also i read about a hungarian catholic cardinal whk was a serious contender for pope . 
  haha you beat me to it . 
  also there 's this joke about the first czech astronaut ... 
  slovakia - official slovak was codified in 1840s and based on the central slovak dialect . 
  given how small the country is , it surprises me how many dialects we have and how hard are some of them to understand . 
  the romans should have stayed, 
  good answer , however , your fellow czechs will say that this is very different . 
  an american in prague wo n't sit on the grass in the park with his three wives and twenty children and shout at the other families and litter . 
  on the other hand , you could have said that there is no chance that anyone will be worse than some members of the minority we already have . 
  edit - thank you for the downvotes , now i am punished . 
  this is not my personal view but i am pretty much sure my racist colleagues would prefer ten drunk brits and ten non-domesticized americans to one saudi family in teplice ( as they did n't come to make the country muslim and make our daughters wear burqa/niqab blahblahblah ), 
  maybe the austrian police is really good ? 
  you should throw in a vok\u00e1\u0148 here and there for more authenticity, 
  yes , primarily , but i think the sadness of life must have leaked to the neighboring countries too . 
  why is that ? 
  i would rather be proud for my country 's engineering schools and brave engineers/designers than the hills ( that are nice but we did n't build them , they are kinda random ), 
  can you recalculate it into cancers per year ? 
   from reddit i did learn i hope you learn at / r/askhistorians and not from the potato jokes . 
  how come you have n't noticed letonia . 
  you should n't ask about our age . 
  at least set up an anonymous poll or something . 
  also , if you are not an immediate neighbor and you did n't give a birth to romulus & remus or napoleon/hitler , do n't expect more than a geographical position and a capital . 
  during communism we were not even told how you became part of soviet union , i suspect some bloody events taking place but it was n't explained . 
  i propose to start off with a unesco world heritage list . 
  for the czech republic it works very well . 
  as you probably know , it was n't built as a tourist attraction . 
  also the building itself - by santini - is important and interesting . 
  the respect for the dead is absolutely clear . 
  it 's just the extent - can we talk here , can we have sex here etc. . . 
  from the first sentence i thought you were going for some allusion to the runaway nazis and their grandchildren preparing for taking over the world . 
  you lost an opportunity for a good discussion by not defining , what a nationalist is . 
  in my own understanding , i am not . 
  my nationals should not rule over the other nationalities in our state . 
  we are as good but not better than the neighboring states/nationalities . 
  we do not have a divine mission ( at least i do n't know about it ) . 
  fair enough . 
  we have good and bad , you have good and bad . 
  italy is a great country to visit but some things are admittedly wtf, 
  i guess italy is not `` western '' in the sense of the word we use in czechia and slovakia . 
  that would be exclusive , polished , expensive , clean etc. 
  while italy is only expensive :-), 
  nice ... at least the terrorists would avoid this district, 
  they also backstabbed themselves if it makes you feel better ... 
  this still happens ? 
  as a slovak but living abroad i do remember the 90s but today i do n't think they take fines in cash and they would be screwed if you documented and published it ... also sk fines should n't be that high , you should just pay it instead of bribing ... 
  should 've bought another shorts :-), 
  you should n't have come on the streetclown strike day, 
  exactly ... 
  wages in europe - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage i do not discard the op 's idea . 
  if he is fully decided and has some talents and some interpersonal skills , picks a country , he will most probably succeed . 
  it is questionable at what cost , if he will achieve his dreams there and will be happy . 
   afaik there is n't actually a lot of people running out of the czech republic . 
  i agree . 
  i ca n't find any good figures from the last year or two but the problem is real . 
  and cz is not bad . 
  possibly a good indicator would be german statistics on immigrants per nationality . 
  i also found this - http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/migration_and_migrant_population_statistics - but i ca n't interpret it right now , too busy . 
  if you are genuinely interested , we can look into it later . 
   also , i think those university ratings are quite skewed . 
  of course i do n't think ee universities are among the best , but they are not that bad . 
  i would n't say skewed . 
  i think the universities have the brain power to discredit a really bad system :-) ) ) perhaps our understanding is skewed . 
  perhaps the universities in the middle of the field are extremely close to each other . 
  honestly i am not an expert here except going to such school once . 
  but there are definitely too many low grade universities in czechia or slovakia and you can read up about their problems . 
  probably your comment is about the top university not being too bad and i think i can agree there - if your purpose of the study is not to stay behind your peers . 
  but if you want to get good at something , it is a very good idea to go abroad . 
  i can speak confidently only about myself and the 90s . 
  but there is lower quality of education ( center for world university rankings 2016 - first slovak uni is 647 , cz 266 , pl 429 , romania 977 , bulgaria 854 , ukraine above 1000 ) , lower income , also bad governance of the state and atmosphere in society . 
  unemployment is currently better . 
  yeah , eastern europeans :-), 
  couple points that hit my eyes : - if you find people in canada unfriendly , you will be very unhappy in europe - ( edit - i mean young ) people run away from eastern europe like crazy , and for a reason . 
  it would not be a good idea to go to slovakia , hungary , romania , bulgaria . 
  - italy and spain have high unemployment of people in your age group . 
  someone correct me if i am wrong . 
  - there are annual charts for the quality of living . 
  vienna is always first . 
  this could give some idea . 
  - warm weather + beach + strong currency - these are contradicting as the southern eu states have economical and fiscal problems . 
  good luck . 
  gread read , idkfa !, 
  can you plz expand on the mahlzeit !, 
  do you hate saying it is lunchtime or is it something much worse ? 
  ps : keep the german girls .
