  send some doner . 
  i see another parallel , eastern germans needed a lot of help but still would n't support other needy people . 
  nowadays my countries , czechia and slovakia refuse refugees , refuse the idea that germans do n't refuse refugees , still hold an open hand towards the eu funds . 
  i 've read a test report of nutellas made in it and in pl available in cz and de markets and they were almost same . 
  if you 're interested i can look it up . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll try to read it , it seems great . 
  it figuratively means that the geese went in a row in slovak . 
  how many were they ? 
  literally it means that one goose went after the second one . 
  so now you probably can do the math right ? 
  on mobile but do i understand correctly that the second book influenced the colonial rulers or the dutch government significantly for the better ? 
  upboat for zaz , saw her in december, 
  then why marry , let 's adopt her, 
  aha ok i was just trying to shoot some popular name from the bookstore 's window as the children books did n't work and i could n't remember the 50 shades ' author :-), 
  i just love reading and ca n't imagine other people not doing the same ... 
  andersen !, 
  we read young werther in school , it was pure suferring . 
  i could n't find a single positive thing about it . 
  perhaps i was immature or it is n't his brightest book ? 
  perhaps you read a couple books from astrid lindgren ? 
  yes , kebab is a famous german food . 
  i am , on contrary , not aware of any country banning the communist party . 
  and it would n't be smart as it 's better to have them rounded in one place with a label on their forhead than having the cryptocommunists in every party . 
  why stop at the baltic coast ? 
  my friend stopped at nordkapp and said it was cool . 
  one way to look at it would be to look up a list of unesco heritage sites . 
  for czech republic and slovakia all of them are good idea to visit . 
  you can read up on what is what and what to omit . 
  one is czeching herself and the other is slovaking herself ? 
  why the heck are you guys reinventing ipa transliteration ? 
  of course it 's personal feeling and preference, 
  if my name is pepa novak , i want to be addressed as such , not novak pepa and i should n't be forced to malform my name in the official forms . 
  they should be able to file , sort etc. 
  without this , specially in the age of computers . 
  as we have it too , i now think it 's an a-h thing . 
  i find it a bit dehumanizing . 
  edit - we = czechia and slovakia , a-h is austria-hungary , not the austrian painter, 
  no , in prague . 
  visited the uk/us store today to try some of the stuff i read about on here . 
  been in scotland few years ago though , lovely . 
  hope to come back one day . 
  in czechia , the radios ( which i guess is what your question is about ) they play mostly english , czech and slovak . 
  slovak is strong regarding regional pop music and czechs can easily understand it , that 's why . 
  when they play something else , there is a risk of a fiasco . 
  like macarena - in slovakia they created a world record in amount of people simultaneously dancing to a song about a girl who is having sex with two of her boyfriend 's buddies . 
  another occasion - a song in czech/polish dialect , they sing something about anal sex and no one noticed . 
  i lived just behind the at border in the 80s and i am sure to have seen all the austropop videoclips in wurlitzer . 
  the memories ... 
  she seems to be somehow broken ... 
  ok seriously , how do you use the pso ? 
  i have a bottle at home and i only ever add a bit to the pumpking soup . 
  what are other _ real _ uses ? 
  man . 
  i tried almdudler on saturday when in austria . 
  the bottle said it was from cabbage water ? 
  but i could n't taste it . 
  in fact , i could n't taste anything good in your drink :-) but today i tried irn-bru recommended by some scott in this thread , that was much more terrible . 
  mezzo mix i remembered your post and bought in in austria 2 days ago . 
  not bad . 
  but i think the better non-alcoholic german drink is alkoholfrei weiz bier - e.g. 
  paulaner but i had better but do n't remember the brand . 
  i read abour irn-bru here from you . 
  today i tried it . 
  i would n't say i liked it ... but still , interesting experience . 
  perhaps haggis is better ... 
  your potato flatbread looks very much like our slovak lok\u0161a . 
  we eat it savory e.g. 
  with foie gras or sweet with poppy seeds or a plum jam ps : romania thanks for some foods imported from romania in 18 ? 
  th century . 
  some romanians i talked to had no idea how much we ( slovakia but i ca n't have two flairs ) have in common regarding food ( and they naively but proudly thought they have the highest peak of the carpathians ), 
  | always causes a bit of headache when cooking hungarian style abroad . 
  how about a russian food store when abroad ? 
  they have a very good sour cream which i bet is very similar to yours, 
  interesting how people recognize the taste of ass , right ? 
  and before mcsmazak there was mcbucek :-), 
  where do you go abroad ? 
  in the us you can find good bread in a polish deli . 
  in russia , croatia and other countries their bread is pretty good . 
  in italy their bread is heavenly . 
  | a common bread here 's the thing . 
  everyone consideres something else to be his common bread . 
  for czechs it is sumava . 
  i can not imagine a czech or slovak would find this appealing :-), 
  that 's pretty interesting , thanks . 
  to give something back , in slovakia we have a distinguished meal - [ bryndzove halusky ] ( https://sk.wikipedia.org/wiki/bryndzov%c3%a9_halu%c5%a1ky ) - small potato dumplings with sheep cheese and fried bacon . 
  we have also lots of interesting comfort food and fast food but they are typical for the whole former austria-hungarian region , not typical slovak . 
  anyway , here we go - [ langos ] ( https://www.google.cz/search?q=langos&amp;tbm=isch ) - [ egged bread ] ( https://www.google.cz/search?q=chlieb+vo+vajci&amp;tbm=isch ) - [ schnitzel montenegro ] ( https://www.google.cz/search?q=cernohorsky+rezen&amp;tbm=isch ) - [ potato pancake ] ( https://www.google.cz/search?q=zemiakova+placka&amp;tbm=isch ) which , as you can see , also have very few ingredients . 
  plus we pick and use mushrooms and like poppy seeds , that 's different from western countries but probably same as in baltics ? 
  wow garlic bread . 
  looks like the bread toasts we have as well but cut as french fries and served with some sauce ? 
  cut before frying ? 
  pork fat or oil ? 
  which sauce ? 
  if you mean french fries then ketchup or tartar sauce , we do n't have any other options . 
  if you mean the crispy salty tv snack then salt only or million disgusting chemical flavors, 
  choking on his porridge :-) this is much better article than i expected, 
  i 've been to over 30 countries at 3 continents ( + is madeira in africa or not ? 
  :-) and i do n't consider myself especially traveled . 
  holidays , business trips , mostly short stays .
