ok thanks . 
  the question was not clearly formulated and i wanted to be helpful . 
  also the thread 's very long . 
  you mean something like 3 being angry of 1 ? 
  there will be no consequences so it did n't cross my mind . 
  you mean v3 and v4 ? 
  because czechoslovakia split halfways in 1993 so the vysegrad group changed the name to reflect it . 
  so both slovak and slovinec are slovania . 
  it 's called a flair and you set it in the right column of the sub 's page . 
  it works for many subs . 
  you pick a picture and customize the mouseover text . 
  czechia - knights under blanik hill , slovakia - sitno hill . 
  if there 's cz/sk conflict , they will fight it off for us :-) ) ) we make sometimes jokes about them , like they wake up , whip the horse and run away ( they are same guys as we are ) . 
  there 's also a whole very good theatre play from divadlo jary cimrmana called blanik about these knights . 
  holy crap . 
  according to these articles these are mostly village idiots and communists , but still , such a train of thought really exists !!!, 
  do you have in russia or ukraine the same legend as czechia and slovakia , that when the situation is the worst , the sleeping knights from under some holy hill in our country will wake up and go to the final battle ? 
  because this seems to be the right time !, 
  it will lead to an all-out full-on csipos paprika kolbasz fencing duel . 
  pass me the popcorn please . 
  well the welfare is meant to keep you alive until you find a job , not as an incentive to stay . 
  we have a lot to learn how to set up the system so it has the right incentives . 
  even for our own citizens . 
  324 and 345 . 
  there may be a difference between average and median but it wo n't be that much ... still crazy low . 
  because they left pl is why they do n't get money . 
  they do get if they stay . 
  the three countries need a help with initial processing and first courses and stuff . 
  the number is not that high that you can not have few guys ( without any chance of support payments from state ) on german or other soil afterward ... 
  uff i am confused . 
  the news are too new , and i do n't know all consequences . 
  i thought the quota system was for cca 50k from greece , 50k from hungary and 15k from italy . 
  now reuters says that this agreement is for 120k asylum seekers . 
  and somewhere else hungary says it does not have problem with its 50k people ... so these will stay in hungary or not ? 
  if yes , i am sure they will love it ... and run away to germany as soon as possible and it will fuel the rage again how they are economical and not war refugees . 
  fair enough . 
  disagree . 
  my opinion is that you should brush up your memory about mr. klaus 's antipathy to the lisbon treaty and how many people supported him ( the government and the parliament were pro ) and also that noone ever mentioned cz leaving the eu . 
  no running away . 
  i write , then do something else , then come back . 
  do n't be a child . 
  lies : 1 ) what you will receive is people . 
  some run for life threats and some for economical reasons . 
  statistics say 50 % are returned home ( i can search for exact stats if you want ) . 
  i think yesterdays the stats were out that  20 % of all incoming people are syrians . 
  so you can not say that you are not receiving refugees . 
  2 ) in paragraph you are talking about fuckers - you are probably talking about germans . 
  you can say they have sexual intercourse often and romanians not or whatever way to get out of this . 
  but obviously german politicians      romanian politicians as can be seen from any news . 
  they never promised anything that you quote , specifically `` no limit for acceptance , free housing , instant citizenship and nice fat welfare for rest of their life '' . 
  you have to prove this , otherwise you lie . 
  i do n't do proofs of non-existence . 
  if you do n't understand news , come here and ask germans . 
  3 ) again migrants in next paragraph . 
  all unhappy and complaining . 
  i only believe that you saw only an episode on tv and do n't have complete picture . 
  i do n't think that majority of them expect free salary and house . 
  if they do , they will be disappointed . 
  that 's all . 
  you can handle them easily , offer them some basic stuff , only what is really required . 
  you process and reject 50 % of them . 
  the rest stay or leave . 
  i fully expect them to leave sooner or later as your own people leave en masse ( i know fellow romanian colleagues network engineers moved to belgium ) . 
  that 's how it goes . 
  but you helped ease the trouble of greece , hungary and italy , which is the task of the day . 
  this is not lie per se , i think it is only intentionally unkind and grumpy view . 
  4 ) it is only stupidity and not lie to consider german governemnt stupid and not understanding what they are doing . 
  but let 's see what you mean by threatening ? 
  i have seen 2 threats . 
  1 ) those who do n't accept refugees will pay 0.002 % ( ? ), 
  of their gdp and 2 ) really only a threat noone believes that the funds will stop to those countries . 
  for me this is a logical consequence . 
  we acceded the union of states that help each other and it is their fundamental value . 
  you are helped , the refugees are helped . 
  if you refuse , you lose moral right to the help . 
  for me it is ok even if i realize this is a bit more complex . 
  those are easy trivial ideas very hard to implement . 
  i can give you more , let 's stop isis and asad and rebuild syria and iraq . 
  let 's establish global peace . 
  meanwhile let 's be thankful for anyone seing humans in refugees and trying to help in any way . 
  fringe politicians ? 
  listen to pms of sk , hu and cz ... 
  please repeat it . 
  it is not said enough . 
  quotaa distribute people from greece , hungary and italy , not those from germany and sweden . 
  wait it gets better !, 
  slovak pm said that sk is ready to help at the source of all the problems causing the current crisis including sending the ground forces to syria . 
  tbh not signing the lisbon was n't czech consensus at all . 
  the president was almost alone . 
  and the pressure must have been something simple like we will follow the mechanisms you have agreed to and go further without you and you will bear the cost . 
  something predictable . 
  no guns . 
  mr. klaus is not a decent person . 
  we have access to lot of money . 
  what we make of it is other problem and it is stupid to blame the eu . 
  look at our efficiency ... we make stupid problems everywhere , look at financing of metro a in prague andnhow they put it to risk ... 
  forget to mention the brain drain . 
  i am the drained brain . 
  this is again an effect of freedom and of globalisation and it is stupid to blame anyone for it . 
  on the other hand i know it is a problem and i do n't have other fix than humbly and seriously fix our countries and try to bring it to better prosperity .
