  similar : it is dark and it is just behind the door . 
  what is it ? 
  ( our bright future ) this was comedy gold 30 years ago ... 
  there was also a short one about lenin . 
  nuclear war , last man alive on earth stands at the edge , someone kicks his ass , he falls amd dies . 
  who was it ... ... lenin lives on ( lenin vecne zivy , typical 1st may poster ), 
  i guess my family here in czech rep could somehow survive on your support for two kids plus maybe some unemployment support . 
  if our government does the same thing , i 'll go for it until the ship sinks . 
  there are obvious economical reasons why not . 
  there are less obvious like you 'll have a shortage of workforce - mothers on maternal leave and the non-mentioned government push for women leaving for retirement at 60 . 
  my own question is if you really want children motivated by money . 
  which and how much productive part of society will be motivated the most . 
  i think he meant real . 
  no computers . 
  just players with real guns . 
  yeah . 
  they replaced the meat patty by some sweet cream and added sugar on top . 
  10/10 with rice . 
  when our media quote polish media , they always quote gazeta wyborcza . 
  i do n't know any other newspaper 's name . 
  you should n't have sucked the hot oven, 
  try google streetview, 
  for many reasons like tariffs , business barriers , also the people who will lead us out of eu will lead us to the failed state befriending russia . 
  i guess the families of paris victims are very sad and very hurt but mostly still have cognitive abilities . 
  he is actually very nice . 
  i noticed that in many newspapers in my country and in many people 's speech you can replace ` refugees ' by ` wild boars ' and the thing still makes sense . 
  there 's too many wild boars so we need the fence , they want to come here and eat everything , they have dangerous contagious diseases . 
  something 's got ta be done about it etc. 
  you need counseling . 
  sorry for not remembering 18 eur . 
  i was actually jealously looking at western europe and dreaming ... :-), 
  i remember from some thread that bulgary and romania had 350 and 400 as an average , not starting salary . 
  but we do n't know if the quoted thing is pre-tax or after tax . 
  also we should compare the starting salaries of public sector employees and i am not sure with which countries . 
  i guess italy and spain would be most similar . 
  edit - and specifically employees with a university degree, 
  thanks . 
  both towns look very nice and i am going to read up on it . 
  what 's with all those chimneys ? 
  prague , cz - 3 eur for a simple main dish in the cafeteria in the office building , more if soup , drink , dessert is ordered . 
  but i would n't be able to go above 6 eur but i do n't like their food - 3 eur in the restaurants where only locals go with traditional meals . 
  only during the lunch , some of the meals on the menu may not be available . 
  outside lunch period it would be costlier . 
  - 5 eur in mcdo , kfc today i actually paid equivalent of 6eur in the mexican fastfood place in the nearby shopping mall , a huge burrito + 5dcl soft drink . 
  the earth looks beautiful today from vilnius . 
  sure . 
  i agree . 
  european nationalism sucks . 
  it is very deeply rooted though . 
  the other end of the spectrum is complete oblivion . 
  i think our elites think it 's good to have people with some accurate level of national pride so the system works . 
  this is bad analogy . 
  we share most of the values , noone wants to be raped . 
  i never heard any serious source on current migrants coming and raping . 
  it surely did n't go down but send the relevant stats . 
  do not act like a kid . 
  i mean what i said . 
  you are making small things big and ignore the good stuff . 
  there are much better reasons to criticize the eu not that they took away your thermometer and lightbulbs . 
  nobody is for propaganda or any brainwashing . 
  agree on the communist bad times . 
  but we can end up in worse if we do n't have intelectual honesty , brains and values , none of these seen in czech public discussion . 
  also gypsies are czechs . 
  yes there 's a problem but not relevant to this discussion . 
  sorry that 's for mr. embicek, 
  the government is populist , abuse the lowest fears and misinformations and oposition is afraid to say a word . 
  this - and specially our approach to the refugee crisis - is the failure of our elites . 
  he uses the word differently then you and even tells it . 
  i think his is ` patriotism ' and it can have a value when it brings solidarity with other people you share the land with . 
  european nationalism is - i think - more about glorifying own nation , often by lying , and finding enemies who hold you down . 
  this may be the real reason for very uninformed people . 
  if this is the case then establishment is failing to inform people . 
  well that 's complete miscalculation in case of cz which is a topic here . 
  many people are discontent for many reasons here but this mood is because of couple hundreds refugees forced upon cz . 
  how does that outweigh the perfectly visible benefits ? 
  brains are jeeps with no beers . 
  greetings to ireland . 
  you two guys stay strong in this discussion , i am tired of it ... op created a nice a eastern european circlejerk with misinterpreted stats ... 
  v4 is not one block and the coordinated exit is totally not on the table . 
  also hungary is the only country really impacted by the migant crisis . 
  why do n't you do something simple like grind the poor apples and make 20 strudels and feed the coworkers . 
  or make juice , sterilize it and drink it or give it to someone . 
  i know it 's not as manly as swearing at them ... 
  thanks for your answer . 
  i did n't know that . 
  but would you please expand a little bit ? 
  because for me , our ( cz ) left wing would be characterized as state-first , equality-first . 
  is this a valid characterization ? 
  i am a bit confused, 
  i have direct experience from czechia and slovakia . 
  people do use these labels but they do n't work at all . 
  there are parties willing to experiment with economy but trying to preserve the 19th century ways of life . 
  there is a socialist party that did a very good job on privatisation . 
  there are the `` left wing '' parties that block any economical reform but want to ( or at least do not mind at all ) the social `` liberal '' agenda . 
  i was under impression there 's such confusion everywhere . 
  did n't the hungarian pm jump from `` left '' to `` right '' ? 
  i feel this is not an honest argument but it suits you at this moment . 
  i do n't want to attack your person but this can be told about anyone . 
  can we make some criteria ? 
  communist voters , buyers of the expensive vacuum cleaners ... or is there some serious research ?
