  also what would most people say if they were told that the rural people are more religious ? 
  ( would they say they are easily manipulated ? ), 
  maybe not attack but question or to pick at ... 
  the article 's interesting but it is not about being rural a.k.a. 
  uninformed/ignorant but being intentionally mislead by top officials and perhaps the government-controlled media . 
  so yes , you would have this in slovakia too . 
  are you saying that in europe these labels work ? 
  at all ? 
  that you have consistent liberals in both economic and social spheres and same for conservatives ? 
  at least himself and me . 
  and surely many more people who do n't approve the vulgarity , lies , rooting for russian and chinese methods of government , preaching unhealthy lifestyle etc. 
  you had at least 3 more respectable candidates . 
  surely not perfect but they would n't put us to shame . 
  all that prague cafe is just blah blah and making divisions for stupid people . 
  that 's very tame . 
  have you seen the pics from his holidays at the lake ? 
  the quoted sentence is 100 % solid . 
  why do n't you attack some other part ? 
  people do indeed call police on foreign tourists or , for example , on the forest workers thinking they just came with their expensive iphones , young and dangerous , lazy and that all and digging them a hole in the forest so we do n't find them . 
  it definitely is a comedy . 
  so are you suggesting a new policy in general ? 
  appeasing each person capable of attacking with knife in public ? 
  maybe he suggested that you invested billions . 
  there 's no way people in cz would send billions czech crowns , not euros . 
  yore right ... crap ... fml ... in front of whole internet ... on the other hand , thanks , that was funny . 
  ok , srroy for being titanic . 
  you made a pyto or was it on purrpose ? 
  the more stripes , the more adidas . 
  at the moment i feel it is preliminary to say they were angry or young or even male . 
  there 's a lot of coverup and distortion going on at the moment . 
  i propose to wait 2-3 days to clear things out a little bit and see if your question is valid . 
  first they were 10 then 50 . first they were armed then not . 
  my guess is there were some hidden people who did want to come out from under the bridge , some shouting on both sides and then police got afraid and started shooting . 
  but let 's see . 
  also , interestingly , in my local news it is specially mentioned that all were men between 19-30 capable of work etc. 
  so there 's initial lies and there is the agenda of local journalists ,, 
  no way !, 
  this is the final proof what earth could have looked like if the us had n't brought doom on us and desintegrate everything, 
  coming up next : austria-hungary , czecho-slovakia and eastern south pole . 
  this looks very tasty , i am saving this for the ( hopefully very near ) future . 
  how do you eat it when you make the bread roll wet ? 
  with fork and knife or with hands ? 
  edit - a follow-up question - by cumin you mean really cumin ? 
  in my country it is often confused with caraway ( cumin = roman caraway ... ), 
  well afaik czech goulash = hungarian perkelt . 
  czech gulasova polevka is kind of similar to hungarian goulash . 
  oh man , that looks lovely . 
  you made it yourself ? 
  i would have one right now , wait til the supper and order the somloi galuska . 
  and progressively dark . 
  please do . 
  this is a very important point . 
  i have read about the conditions in turkey but did n't know it has been officially recognized . 
  well that means he picked one agenda on purpose where he makes fans and is controversial at the same time . 
  that 's a very easy strategy but it serves him but not the state . 
  if you are comparing him to vaclav havel then yes . 
  if with gottwald , zapotocky , ... husak , then he is quite harmless . 
  how about beware , now it becomes fucking tricky / tricky as fuck ? 
  raped is a more proper word, 
  same situation in czechia . 
  gypsies receive much less money from government than people believe and talk about on internet . 
  :-) ok , then it makes sense . 
  why is your ex gf asking anything from you ? 
  or she became an ex after you failed to find her an entertainment ? 
  still not a place where a tourist would go ... unless ... unless a tourist comes to reddit and asks for a off-the-beaten-path place . 
  ok the scenes at the photos can be seen but outside the tourist routes . 
  and not that much . 
  and the small towns , it does n't look like at those photos . 
  that hit too close to home . 
  the only thing i can say is that the photos with the gypsies is not a normal everyday sight when you visit slovakia . 
  i can also add stupid comments when you order vegetarian or an alcohol-free beer . 
  throughout the region . 
  perhaps it 's self rising ? 
  and poles are used to adding the yeast or the baking powder only if they want it ? 
  i guess they are leaving perth because of the auto-cowreck, 
  i heard . 
  but please explain in more words what you mean . 
  also pl and hu borders - you mean between them or in general ? 
  because in general , that 's totally false . 
  there was a short period of time when they were n't inbetweein and the two glorious countries neighboured . 
  i meant , they wrote an unnecessary n , making her the owner and manager of his finances . 
   financ\u00e9e no you got it wrong . 
  she is your fianc\u00e9 . 
  she will become your financ\u00e9e after the wedding . 
  did furious pete do something stupid again ? 
  ok . here 's my impression . 
  i do n't want to insult anyone . 
  sk is between pl and hu . 
  with pl i am not aware of any historical or recent problem . 
  thanks to high tatras . 
  with hu there are relationship problems . 
  not objective , caused by stupid people and stupid politicians on both sides . 
  but , what i was told , hu has a problem with all neighboring countries . 
  that makes me suspicious about hu-pl friendship as the only country with common history and no borders . 
  ( not sure about hu-at ? ), 
  i am all for the brotherhood of nations but let me ask a question - why the biggest friends are the countries without common borders ? 
  can you imagine polish-russian day , slovak-hungarian day etc. ? 
  same for nationalist politicians , czech + british , slovak + french bad boys are bffs , never the neighboring countries . 
  so many cool aspects 1 . this would make a great script for a hollywood comedy without any modification or adition 2 . the chinese guy must be crazy for not realizing what 's happening and standing up . 
  3 . nobody noticed him missing .
