  again we are missing the main point . 
  if you are saying some countries are pushing your country to accept the migrants ( am i right ? ), 
  then the bigger picture is that whole europe has a problem with accepting/placing/processing migrants and the southernmost countries should not be left to carry the whole thing . 
  plus the `` nice '' countries like germany and sweden . 
  it is not sustainable . 
  everyone must help . 
  if you do not feel any solidarity with other countries , you should leave eu or stop receiving the development support from eu or whatever . 
  just declare honestly that your values are more important than solidarity and the migrants safety and lives and we 're done . 
  the thing with cz and sk anti-migrant discussions is that we take money from eu and accepted the membership only so we get huge support and can travel and all other benefits . 
  but we are not willing to help anyone . 
  same with nato , when the non-cz nato units have to move through our territory , people start speaking about the similarities with russian occupation . 
  i believe my countries should be a part of the solution not a part of the problem ( no matter what 's the `` correct '' solution is ) . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i am not saying you mean something bad or xenophobic or anything , i was just confused . 
  also my point is there are people dying and we should do something . 
  i am not saying accept anyone and pretend there will be no problem , but we should not put stress to protectiion of our own `` taste of french fries '' when there are people suffering . 
  it may cost us lot of comfort , maybe living standards , it will change our culture etc. 
  to do things right ( at least as much as we can do things right ), 
  i would but i do n't know a better place and also my national discussion is worse . 
  slovakia is giving limitations because it knows that they can not withstand the pressure to show some solidarity . 
  if they could avoid it , they would never take a single one . 
  look how hard it is to get an asylum status in cz or sk for many years . 
  btw as a sidenote , cz and sk bishops should volunteer to take any syrian christian willing to come and that should be outside the quotas . 
  i thought that fries were the social benefits and salt is white people and it goes well together ... 
  experimenting is often mentioned when anything new is to be tried because the old stuff did n't go that well . 
  even if it is used with success in other countries . 
  also i believe sometimes experimenting is required instead of doing nothing out of fear of failure . 
  also your metaphor - i can not make sense out of it . 
  it is surely disgusting :-) fries is what ? 
  salt is what ? 
  i guess the exotic spice is the migrants right ? 
  not wanting massive immigration that will cause significant demographic and societal change is : - naive ( they are coming ) - xenophobic - not per se , but it too often goes hand in hand - selfish - let 's preserve our life standard , no matter if other people need help - self-adoring - our culture is not that good that it can not take in some improvements from other cultures - demographic change can be good - more healthy and young people willing to work ? 
  do you have some official stats of how many have a job after 1 year ? 
  or are proficient in suomi language ? 
  sometimes i read that there 's lot of migrants willing to work and will benefit their host countries and sometimes i read that they do n't work and take the money from social agency . 
  so what 's true at least for finland ? 
  i do n't believe she is naive . 
  her life must be very hard compared to ours ( reditting from work ) . 
  and she is willing to double the load out of naivety ? 
  can i hear more please ? 
  i usually avoid internet discussions on the migrants because the prevailing voice is very vulgar , zero compassion and the arguments are very shallow . 
  so you are from sicily , you offered people to stay ? 
  for more nights ? 
  no theft , violence , alcohol etc. ? 
  did you offer the state agency that they can put some people to your home or they land near your house and you stay there and say come for a pizza and coke ? 
  i am curious also because people in czech discussion used an argument of brits and canadians welcoming our czech gypsies and quickly waking up as part of these people has bad hygiene , bad habits etc. ... so for you nothing bad ? 
  yes . 
  she offerers a huge help at her own expense . 
  let reddit make fun of her being stupid or naive . 
  yeah i want to see the source for the alleged president kiska 's quote . 
  i wonder why no russians in this thread laughing together with other nations ... 
  you misinterpreted . 
  it reads beer waffles . 
  what a faux-pas !, 
  yes . 
  and the guilottine is missing or at least i ca n't see it . 
  we 'll still call him ginta, 
  thank you -- a european, 
  they go to czechia . 
  much cheaper , more exciting landscape . 
  yes this is what i wanted to convey . 
  thanks . 
  also , i do n't share the stereotype . 
  i guess there is a lot to be improved in the balkans but also lot of good people , good culture and nice nature . 
  also , we are guilty of many of the stuff like corruption , dirt etc. 
  i do n't know . 
  i asked for the source , you delivered . 
  i have no problem with being east europe but i doubt many countries would agree with this split . 
  does the uk think to be in the same group as nordics ? 
  southern europe seems to be made up , non-contiguous ... 
  that 's our association . 
  may not be exactly right :-), 
  why ? 
  my friends seem to love to visit bulgaria . 
  they say nice girls and cheap good food . 
  i told them it 's not enough to warrant a visit from me but they insisted ... 
  well . 
  bratislava is on the border and i never heard of anyone selling his friend 's car . 
  so if this really is the thing then no , it 's not normal in the neighboring countries . 
  of course we do our own share of car breaking and car stealing ... 
  it seems like you interpret five fingers as five time one finger . 
  the math checks out . 
  also the closer to the face the more threatening part is funny . 
  also pork . 
  or you want some fresh vegetables with your meal . 
  tbh i never seen a good definition . 
  what is geographical accuracy ? 
  there are many so called centres of europe , one is in czechia , one in slovakia . 
  even if the definition or method of calculation is not clear , these folks have a reason to say they are central europe . 
  half country east , half west , by their own definition . 
  what 's yours ? 
  re loud talking in public transport the biggest offenders are older village people shouting at their phones - `` i am in prague , in the metro , i will lose signal soon , what do you want ? '', 
  or `` i am already in prague but i will be late for the meeting , sorry ! '', 
  both czechia and slovakia hate this . 
  i can also imagine poland , hungary and slovenia hold the same sentiment . 
  ( we 'd say eastern is balcans and we were not balcans ), 
  all it takes is the welding protection mask :-), 
  very good point . 
  edit - but in some countries people are only uncomforable or even angry . 
  in other countries you or the people you are talking to can be taken by police .
