  i must say i liked it everywhere . 
  i am interested in their cultural sights , people , nature , food , lot of stuff . 
  if i was asked where i would like to return the most , then jerusalem and damascus ( had it been safe ) for the ancient atmosphere and the us for vacations - all the national parks , visitors ' centers , variety of everything as the country is crazy huge . 
  since you 're an american , i 'd like to note that many europeans travel outside europe , to egypt/tunisia/morocco or turkey for the summer holidays . 
  though i do n't think they gain some deep insight on africa or asia . 
  for impressions of the us on the europeans , there are many such threads on / r/askreddit , mine is that the first impression is that everything is unnecessarily huge and the food is strange and we are sick for the first couple days because of the jet lag ), 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/andrej_kiska current slovak president . 
  shows some statemanship and wisdom in his job . 
  and shines among the top politicians of neighboring countries . 
  there 's a great soda in malta called kinnie - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kinnie - it is bittersweet and incredibly tasty . 
   kinnie is exported to the uk , italy , germany , poland , the netherlands , libya , and canada . 
  otherwise everything mediterreanian works for me . 
  well yes , but it is unintended , as far as i know they are from jablonec . 
  they had a huge success with the large cell phones for the elderly , they were the first with this idea , now you can probably get such phones anywhere . 
  they are also strong with home security systems . 
  this is not a commercial , just note that it is a serious company :-), 
  we thought the same and then the czech national bank intervened and keeps the rate at the artificially high level . 
  it 's been some two years ( ? 
  ) , who knows how much money they burnt , if it helps ... the foreign vacations are now even more expensive for us . 
  and the consumer goods ( luckily we do n't need any iphones , we have the czech jablotron phones for some eur 40 - http://www.jabloshop.cz/mobilni-telefony ), 
  same in slovakia but 20 years ago . 
  probably austria-hungary things or copying the german model or something ... 
  thanks for your views . 
  i 'd also like to have a freedom to do nothing . 
  however , i am very curious and i want to know what 's behind the corner and what fun can be had there . 
  just tell me what 's bigger there , a mosquito or a cow ? 
  who insures the hamsters and why ? 
  but ... [ my blackberry is frozen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znakobroowo ) !, 
  you crush the tomato , olive oil and garlic together and put it on toast ? 
  or in layers , first garlic is rubbed , then tomato , then couple drops of oil ? 
  when you do n't mix with locals much , there should n't be any problem as the waiters , hotel conceirges and such do speak english . 
  there are many cultural differences people mentioned here . 
  i think the best is to definitely do what the locals do , talk to them but be respectful , do not criticize , do not judge , do not preach as the cultural differences are real and perhaps you never met before people who are fierce atheist , drink a lot , some have very strong opinions on democracy , the us , the migrant crisis etc. 
  and have strange ideas about the role of the state , about their nation 's history , their minorities etc. 
  lot of minefields ... 
  and slovakia with slovenia and czechia with chechnya , that hurts the most . 
  face it !, 
  should 've been der kunde = c * nt in czech, 
  no one mentioned it here but i think serbs and russian have good relations . 
  maybe historically and religiously ( eastern-orthodox having the largest share in both countries ) . 
  and in the 90s when serbia had a conflict with the us , russia was the biggest defender of serbia . 
  perhaps some serb can comment ? 
  you 'll be surprised if you look up the `` new '' episodes . 
  i noticed this in the late 1990s that they made episodes where volk uses telephones nokia etc. 
  yeah it 's similar to german : die kurve . 
   croatian pravo ( straight on ) = na prawo similar confusion as when a bulgarian or a greek says `` no '' but nods the head `` yes '', 
  coura, 
  aaah . 
  also is kuna also an animal in s-c ? 
  because we see many dead kunas on your roads ( before highways ) and make fun of the word . 
  i know . 
  that 's a recipe for war . 
  cool !, 
  lolek i bolek na dzikiem zachodzie - sounded like they were riding the wild toilette to the young me, 
  also ... would you say that it would be a good idea for the countries with the same language , culture and business to form a common state ? 
  really are the ex-yugo languages that close ? 
  i found this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian which i never realized . 
  so it 's one language and i should imagine the local variants as e.g. 
  ( we understand each other easily thanks to the standardized language from school/tv/etc . 
  but at home the remote areas speak in a hard to understand dialect ) ? 
  both halves of my czecho-slovak personality approve of your comment . 
  i forgot to add a funny aspect , when the words in other slavic languages are the same but have a very different meaning . 
  cz watch out !, 
  = ru shame on you !, 
  here 's my pov as a slovak living in czechia . 
  - i am only aware of czech-slovak strong relation . 
  i guess there are other pairs of slavic countries with the similar historical ties . 
  - we also understand each other because of common history and being members of the western slavic language group . 
  - secondarily , i and many people understand russian because of mandatory pre-1989 education - i partially understand polish but it 's not easy . 
  with other countries it is similar , you can make out hello , thanks and many words but not other words , phrases etc. 
  - of course it would be easier to learn the language because there are certainly many common grammatical principles . 
  - i 'd conclude this with a hypothetical example , if there was a radio play in other then czech and perhaps polish language and i had no context , i would have no idea what 's going on except a phrase here and there . 
  - almost no cultural exchange between cz and sk and other slavic countries i am aware of - no idea about anything pan-slavic except russia having agents everywhere who try to turn the public debate to leaving nato/eu and becoming friends in russia . 
  that would be pan-slavic again if they ruled us all again . 
  euro-asian union . 
  they are shooting their own foot with every second decision regarding foreign policy . 
  partially for domestic policy reasons , as described by mr. / u/parentalguidance -13, 
  pronounced as you-asians or as usians ? 
  i think we are moving from the hypothetical what-if-i-was-merkel to personal views which are not completely based on facts and statistics . 
  i basically do agree with the exception that syrians in germany - at least many of them - are war refugees , as the life in the turkish/lebanese camps is ( probably , have n't been there ) not good for single women , families with school-aged children , disabled persons , gays etc. 
  sorry i am tired and have some work to do , this are just the small comments . 
  thanks for discussing with me . 
  1 . they have the realistic assessment of the situation , not the shit they talk about and make people believe . 
  there is too many refugees/migrants , there is no way to deport them , to identify them using some biometric magic as is described many times in this thread ( this is only my guess but i see it as important to mention ) , to assess their riskiness , you can not send them all back to greece or turkey as they are not safe countries per the definition ( or they would cease to be if you sent too many people back ) , the percentage of real refugees and therefore the absolute number is higher ( you said less then 1/2 ) . 
  then you said voluntarily , but in fact sk people are not willing to accept even a single refugee even if he is christian and willing to work . 
  now this is very subjective and i do n't have facts , only episodes , but many people and loud people just do not want anyone . 
  the governement would rather follow these peoples ' voice then do the leadership thing . 
  and many more details . 
  how is gvmnt able to find these people jobs if we do n't manage the romas well . 
  please do n't take this comment personally . 
  you made many good points , i am just trying to think it through and i think it would n't be accepted by fico/orban/kaczynski and in cz the government after the current one . 
  thanks . 
  i was not aware of this aspect . 
  still i 'd pardon him . 
  we in slovakia had a president who was fluent but replaced some words all the time . 
  not typos but i am not sure how to call it . 
  united tumors organization , tumor and nation similar word in sk . 
  i thought the bar is there so you adjust the height so you do n't wet your hair if you do n't want to while getting the maximum soak . 
  i am pretty sure 99 % of popes were italian . 
  the current one - no idea about his italian pronunciation but is n't he half italian ?
