  that 's only blah blah . 
  he is criticizing side effects of globalization and not the eu . 
  also protectionism has a very high cost and it is trivial and widespread knowledge . 
  slovakia under current government is creating huge future problems and with this mentality may end up very badly . 
  the german is a very nice person so let me do it . 
  you are repeating bullshit arguments and do not reflect reality . 
  you are full of lies . 
  uk position is completely different from eastern european countries though . 
  you have long tradition of democracy and self-governance and want to keep it . 
  our politicians do n't want to share competencies as they want to quietly steal everything that is not screwed down and our people want eu only to get funds and nothing else . 
  many people believe that main goal of eu is to establish homo-abortio-euthanasiocracy . 
  also both cz and sk pms are left wing and love making international friends like soviet camp , warsaw pact and they originally thought that the eu is in the same vein buy now they must appease the homophobic audience before elections so they are in a hard place . 
  they obviously will not . 
  it is a quote for stupid voters . 
  they wo n't want to increase the international fiasco . 
  i meant it in a good way . 
  like austria = serious , rich uncle . 
  plus i ca n't make an analogy on the spot about the uncle having alps ... and slovenia next to it , having a good reputation too . 
  slovak here . 
  the relationship is ok . 
  there is some historical animosity felt by slovaks , but mostly those from the northern part with 0 hungarian minority . 
  otherwise on the official level every couple years there are some strong words but i think both nations know it is only a show for the stupidest group of voters . 
  i always thought slovenia was a slavic austria ... 
  he only confirmed his rabbies . 
  are there any reactions from her ? 
  like she is having fun or that she needed police protection as various foreign individuals who flew in after seeing her pics started stalking her after school ... 
  you are a bad boy . 
  you must be punished . 
   - a priest ; his speech was the most boring one that 's clearly his fault . 
  he could have used the occassion to deliver something funny and trump winnie the pooh . 
  specially if he was first , he could have commented on the lineup ... 
  sorry i do n't understand what are the tools for . 
  why not steal ? 
  let 's make a legal stealing game out of it . 
  you pay , get tools , crowl the ridge near the road , fool a policeman , steal it . 
  you get locked up in jail while a judge makes you a certificate and then you keep the sign and next person can go for it . 
  and how about a honeymoon at sandy balls ? 
  also if their fucking citizens were smart enough , they would steal the fucking signs themselves and sell them to the fucking visitors . 
  yeah the quotas are to help with recieving and processing them . 
  typically 50 % are sent home , then some stay and some head to de . 
  he is not sensitive . 
  he is repeating a false argument . 
  speaking for cz and sk i can tell our state would never accept anyone voluntarily . 
  top government officials are telling lies about the migrants and trying to ride this wave . 
  our policies are to prevent anyone from staying , we grant maybe hundreds asylum per year . 
  also notice how mr. left2die says it is us and eu , like slovenia was n't part of the eu . 
  it is similar to us , we voted to accede to eu under argument that we will receive eu funds . 
  we are not willing to give anything back , no way . 
  maybe your part of eastern europe . 
  cz or sk would never accept anyone voluntarily . 
  this is simply not true . 
  in last years maybe tens or hundreds people have been granted asylum . 
  maybe sex & drugs & beer ? 
  migrants - move for better living standards . 
  refugees - move for their bare life . 
  war , natural disaster , political/religious persecution from their state . 
  i know both are happening at the same time but you must distinguish . 
  because - syrians all run from war - there is an international treaty to accept refugees . 
  other country can not force you to help with them but you can not say they should n't have come or should have stayed in some crazy primitive tent city somewhere or e.g. 
  women to move to a very strict muslim country which is nearer . 
  man you are bringing morals to this discussion ... let me check your karma tomorrow . 
  btw . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  thanks for a different perspective . 
  are you speaking from a hiring position or you just think it ? 
  if you teach a guy to drive a tractor or shovel something , and you have a syrian working for you for a year that can help manage him , it should be manageable ? 
  maybe a sarcasm over slovak hard working ... or impression of albanian hard workers ( mobsters ) ... am slovak myself but not calling you gurl since i know better than that , man ... 
  thanks !, 
  about the percentage , your 50 % is somehow consistent what a finnish guy wrote me : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j5xf7/10000_icelanders_offer_to_house_syrian_refugees/cun3413 but i think this is useless without explanation what the number means . 
  as 50 % may mean 2 working guys , 1 single , one with a wife and a small kid . 
  so it could be also described as 100 % under some other methodology ... just an example ... 
  i 'll try to dig something out after work . 
  i must only guess , but i intuitively think your argument 's not right . 
  lot of them do stay in turkey and lebanon . 
  i do n't know about their living conditions . 
  but let me guess - the tent cities for their lives . 
  on the other hand , if you manage to get accepted to a western country , you 'll have as much freedom and opportunity you can handle . 
  do n't know about serbia but hungarian state is probably an enemy of migrants and the public athmospehere will be bad and even if they ever got accepted there ( not sure if this is possible , e.g. 
  neighboring slovakia 's policy is very hard and they would n't get accepted ) they would be target of hate from state and people . 
  they are not used to foreigners and are not well off . 
  they would n't resist thinking their plight is caused by migrants . 
  yes . 
  but on the other hand i think that the guy you are replying to may be wrong . 
  many people in my country ( cz ) would be better off with some minimal wage or unemployment support in de/fr/uk . 
  if the migrants get after they get from the tent cities or whatever some place to stay , food stamps and some money , they may have more material needs met then some of our people . 
  and there are much poorer european countries . 
  for africans this may bee a paradise . 
  are there already any stats if the syrians capable of work do have jobs in dk ? 
  and is it realistic that they colonize the emptying countryside or they 'll want to live in big cities as everyone else ? 
  should state create some incentives to move to countryside ? 
  or can they just appoint them a place of residence ? 
  is there a chance the integration will go well on small farms ? 
  so many questions ... 
  i am curious , sorry , ... 
  and so is mine . 
  who cares . 
  i reacted to your commented saying a country should not experiment with the immigration . 
  i commented on the frequent use of the term when either thing is not an experiment per se or it is an experiment but in a positive sense ( we planned as much as we could , now hope for the best , monitor and modify as needed ) . 
  now your example shows something else that is again not experiment per se . 
  the neighbors mention of experiment is non-sensical and the parents would tell him that his reason and his use of the word `` experiment '' is not understandable .
