  interesting ( except the last sentence felt like a setup for a disgusting joke at first ) i would still go for what locals eat ... btw . 
  as sicily is close to sardinia , have you tried casa marzu ? 
  haha i am voting for this one . 
  or waiting for some leechestehian to confirm one of the alternatives . 
  i expected something else . 
  these seem to be good cultural advice . 
  but today i would mostly avoid speaking good about the us , ukraine or opposition , talking trash about great vladimir and such ... 
  i thought the idea was to get simple meals with top quality ingredients . 
  at least that 's how i idealize italian cuisine without visiting in last 15 years . 
  that 's true . 
  nudism was strong in cz and eastern germany . 
  here 's the tricky part . 
  we stand no chance even at the seashore . 
  we are too boring and ordinary for them i guess . 
  well ... 
  i live in cz and they are more civil here ... so that 's what they do on their vacations ? 
  you watch too much pr0n, 
  haha # 33 `` after creaming my face '' ... this guy rocks . 
  on top of the wife 's facial and metallica ... also a question for guys talking about this being middle class . 
  is this middle class when the house and both cars are paid off or is everything borrowed from the bank ? 
  polish in ireland - not sure if englanders but probably smarter and richer people than us . 
  so we would display some envy when calling them names . 
  imagine how many countries is the uk involved with , either historically or because of their current population . 
  imagine how many countries is the uk involved with , either historically or because of their current population . 
  you do . 
  no attacks , no occupation . 
  karkonosze mountains are hard to overcome in tanks . 
  bad news incoming . 
  you are englanders too . 
  at least in cz and sk are gb , uk and england equivalent in informal spoken language, 
  i confirm this for the czech and slovak languages . 
  no idea why . 
  so what do you do in vienna ? 
  the city center is almost completely taken over by tourist industry . 
  crowded and fullof bullshit like the segway tours , selfie sticks , russian orthodox souvenirs , polish amber , made-up museums of spiders , torture , communism and such . 
  but so beautiful . 
  perhaps come off season . 
  also note that there 's a lot of modern architecture outside this zone , as a student of architecture you would appreciate the cubist houses , afaik only in prague did cubism take the form of architecture ? 
  also early 20th century villas at the baba hill ... 
  agree on the art noveau . 
  we have many of them here in prague . 
  i was thinking that i perhaps see some common treats with josip plecnik 's work in prague - kostel nejsvetejsiho srdce pane - but my finance and free time manager says no . 
  found this . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_the_blackheads so what i see is 1886 , you spotted also thd 16th elements . 
  i thought they 're were also modern but that can be the renovation from 1990s ... 
  she says neogothic . 
  kind of eclectical . 
  that would be the end of 19th century ? 
  i 'll ask google . 
  i insist but i am not an expert . 
  i 'll ask the wife and report back . 
  the building on the right , i mean on the main picture , is definitely modern and has some art noveau . 
  it is stunning . 
  coming up next : countries with weapons on their flags . 
  and a special award goes to the one with kalashnikovs . 
  i think that it is obvious that the police was playing a non-democratic game and their reasoning is faulty . 
  i misunderstood part of the text , because there were real snipers outside and potential snipers inside . 
  aha ok , i read too fast . 
  my feeling is that the whole article is a misunderstanding and the police was afraid of a sniper behind the flag . 
  way to make friends , internet european buddy . 
  i recommend anyone interested to look up a video . 
  spanking = symbolic touch of a home-made willow-tree whip with lot of textile stripes on the end . 
  no one 's hurt . 
  in some reagions a water is poured over a woman or a perfume is used ( in smaller amount than water ) . 
  if anyone gets hurt it is because sometimes people are idiots . 
  you can drive a car on the street but some drive into the river at 150mph . 
  i propose looking at it as a social activity where people visit the neighbors and relatives under pretext of the whipping . 
  you can see the spanking and pouring of cold water can change into beating and throwing into the creek if taken to extreme . 
  it is not a normal sight . 
  i also like visiting hungary . 
  especially thermal spas and hungarian cuisine . 
  i really do n't want to stir bad feelings here , but my impression is that both sides are infected first by their national movement leaders and then by their historians and politicians . 
  what i mean - during my discussions with hungarian colleagues i must avoid all history or political topics because they are like from different planet . 
  it 's like having a communist uncle , you do n't want to be engaged into a political debate during the family reunion . 
  but this is with regular people , not one person . 
  they think that slovaks liked being a part of hungary and want to go back , that those were good old times for both nations etc. 
  or they keep forgetting that pre-1918 hungary was a multi-national state and not hungarians + hungarians who could n't speak hungarian . 
  on the slovak part , people who have problems with hungary live in a 100 % pure slovak regions which is an irony . 
  we enlarge the historical problems ( a myth of a 1000-year slavery ) , suspect slovak hungarians of trying to steal a part of country and deliver it to hungary . 
  and refuse to build a citizen state instead of a slovak nation state . 
  see the preable of the constitution . 
  i know . 
  good old times right ? 
  why ... you can also fall in love with a random country on the map with which you do n't border . 
  no frictions ... 
  bonus points if your government gets into the same problems with the eu . 
  in return i understand the first sentence that pl and hu vomit into the same cup . 
  no it 's not . 
  hungary has problems in relationship with every neighboring nation . 
  that 's why they love poles , it 's a long distance dreamed up relationship that ca n't get into problems . 
  edit - since i am getting upvotes in a topic i would much rather proclaim brotherhood , the truth is that hungarian-slovak relationship is not bad in the last years . 
  the politicians on both sides sometimes try to raise hate , sometimes are friendly , sometimes the friendliness is because of the negative thing like the opposition towards eu and such ... there is much to be improved but i hope that there 's no real hate among the regular people and there is more positive than negative ... 
  based on my memories of the debacle with the three armored vehicles in 2001 i believe this ship goes only downstream and leaks oil , so it can only be used to attack saxonia and perhaps denmark , netherlands or the uk depending on the weather . 
  i found this - http://zpravy.idnes.cz/dalsi-transportery-cekaji-v-kasarnach-dxl-/domaci.aspx?c=a010927_132834_domaci_itu in 2001 cz army wanted to protect the prague building of radio free europe . 
  they found less than 10 armored vehicles . 
  4 left hodonin ( 250km away ) , one broke down on the way , one died in prague , two arrived . 
  they stood in the city center and leaked oil . 
  uff . 
  thank you . 
  i was afraid of the photo in the hot tub .
