  the tour guide , the airlines , his family 3 . the german offices failed in a huge and certainly entertaining way 4 . imagine him between the ethiopians and sudanese , that must have been much bigger cultural clash than him vs germans 5 . he got a bed and cash for free . 
  the cash is probably more then the retirement or minimal wage in czechia . 
  same for a night 's accomodation in germany vs eastern european wage . 
  i can translate it for you guys . 
  it means `` thank you , fuck you '' in one word, 
  lesson # 1 austrian but to a degree all other eurovision viewers are wankers . 
  lesson # 2 ukrainians use a laptop and a tv at the same time, 
  yeah the famous year eighteen something, 
  in bulgaria no potato ? 
  i knew it . 
  also based on this skit i do n't believe that spam is a canned ham . 
  most probably the reason lies in topography, 
  yes , it means the best jobs, 
  this is what you see from a blue house with blue window in latvia, 
  first this year or first ever ? 
  the picture is very pretty but i hate snow in the city ... 
  you are missing a simple bit that yeshua was a regular first name . 
  most names even today have some meaning , e.g. 
  catherine means `` pure '' . 
  this does not mean she does n't have an actual name . 
  buffalo wings burek is next, 
   the point is that czech republic has racism because every country has racism . 
  the level is very different between the countries and you can not dismiss the problem by it being everywhere . 
  also :  if you think it 's hard being black in czech republic , try being white in south africa . 
  they do it too so we are fine . 
  also pick some random example noone can prove or disprove ( here you are unlucky , there are people on internet who 've been to sa ), 
  i 'm sorry you have to go through this in cz . 
  this is terrible and there 's no excuse for this behavior . 
  we have a publicl debate about the refugees and muslims and stuff and people try to rationalize how they 're not racists and look how nice we are to the vietnamese etc. 
  your experience says otherwise . 
  there are many nice and reasonable people but i am sure it does not make up for the bad moments . 
  also sorry for my kids pointing fingers sometimes in the tram and saying look look daddy , i hope you understand that 's only curiosity and not hate . 
  you do n't have to . 
  neighboring countries ' citizens have well developed bullshit detectors . 
  someone above gave the text of the rules and the disputes can be tolerated as needed, 
  came for this . 
  thanks a lot . 
  you know they 're the 3rd largest minority and their cuisine is very refreshing , herbs , easy on stomach etc. . . 
  it 's a barrier you can break through with only one or two books at your level . 
  unless you are unfortunate with your selection . 
  for me , contemporary american mystery novels worked well , john sandford , michael connelly , lee child and go from there, 
  oscillating as an oscillator ? 
  rotating as a fan ? 
  thanks . 
  austria drinks robusta , right ? 
  turkish like turkish turkish ? 
  or like czech turkish meaning pour boiling water over the ground beans and drink that shit, 
  rounding prices is manageable . 
  it 's never happened in slovakia , though it was a concern too . 
  yeah demizon is the wine jug with the willows thingie around . 
  the e at the end is the fifth tense . 
  overall would probably mean either a drunkard or an empty head . 
  kinderlada and eurokrem - thanks for the memories from the family vacation to yugoslavia, 
  pressure cooker = kuchta in slovak and papi\u0148\u00e1k = papin 's pot in czech . 
  both probably from the first makers in the respective region, 
  a teacher spotted . 
  an awesome comment, 
  + die kurve is the turn of the road right ? 
  funny thing is these are mostly live words and the most is only mildly insulting . 
  i was expecting mostly obsolete or made-up words but these are legit . 
  czech vocab = strong, 
  i 'm loving this, 
  just wow, 
  your ma 's so fat she stands on the both sides of the escalator ... am i doing it right ? 
  czech out czechia = double triggered, 
  ok i have no authority to say what is taught in hungary , i was just involved once or twice in a well-meant discussion with my hungarian colleagues who just told me that it was golden times and it was pity we were n't in the same state anymore . 
  maybe it was just that these guys were very ignorant and their schooling was ok ... 
  i wish you and your nation the very best . 
  as i said , i know - and only superficially - some other history where slovak leaders themselves wanted more sovereignty and asked habsburgs for help and were later very dissapointed . 
  re trianon , i never heard good or bad , only that it is important and gave us the current borders ... today i understand the bitter feelings specially if millions people stayed outside . 
  i wish we could put this all aside but there are things to be improved toward the minorities . 
  but not revise trianon :-), 
  as a slovak , ouch . 
  for anyone interested , we were taught in school how bad those times were , hungarians were taught how everyone liked it , now we , common people , literally can not talk about those years , there would be a fist fight after 5 minutes . 
  you are most certainly welcome . 
  your language is not easy for us and we do not study it but i have seen people from the ski school and the pension speak well . 
  but others are clumsy in doing their business , it is not that they hate the poles but they think the money will come without hard work . 
  if i lived at your undisclosed location i would go more frequently . 
  the cheese they sell in poreba and the restaurant in wojciescyce and the aquapark and who knows what else . 
  wheelbarrows were mistranslated , they 're falling not raining in cz . 
  the buckets it sounds like bucketful of water is falling down ? 
  i loved khychin when in piter, 
  unfortunately they do n't sell bramborak to go ... 
  i think they did when i was a boy, 
  go look up the translated lyrics , your opinion of the song will change forever, 
  refugees right ? 
  edit - i am not against receiving refugees , i just wanted to see if poles found some other reason for the eu-scepticism or still have the same one . 
  lol you sure ? 
  i am proud of myself to know your capital and you do this to me . 
  anyway , i edited my previous comment so now you are the one looking silly :-), 
  brittons in tallinn , zip up !!, 
  one can imagine that they focus on their own continent or something but honestly , if i had displayed such ignorance in a geography class , i would n't have gotten past the grade 5 or 6 , no mercy . 
  sometimes this question works . 
  lol you should thank hollywood for the unesco world heritage site, 
  and prague , then bratislava , then moved somewhere to the baltics ... 
  he was british , right ? 
  i always set them up for a long hike to a distant and lonely place, 
  warm beer, 
  re music , uk is a goldd mine , hands down, 
  i agree .
