left/right wing often refers to social policy as well as economic policy . 
  it would be absurd to call the catholic church far left when it has such right wing , traditionalist social views . 
  [ this website has an interesting take on the idea . 
  ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/analysis2 ), 
  are we thinking of the same catholic church ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i remember it saying gay marriage was `` a defeat for humanity '' . 
  i agree that they should be staying in those countries - and the vast majority are !, 
  turkey and lebanon have refugees from syria that genuinely do number in the millions . 
  as these bordering countries become so overstretched , some refugees will feel compelled to move on whether or not they want to . 
  given the vast numbers that die in the crossing to europe , i imagine none want to . 
  we should be providing the countries hosting these enormous numbers of refugees with more support . 
  i also think we should help shoulder the burden by resettling some of the refugees in willing european countries , but that should be according to agreed-upon numbers taken from the bordering countries . 
  i do agree that we should be doing more to prevent people crossing into europe in unsafe and uncontrolled ways . 
   and no , the key reason is not war . 
  it never was . 
  it is always about quality of life , and wealth . 
  huh ? 
  [ according to the un ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/55d32dcf6.html ) :  `` the pace of arrivals has been steadily increasing in recent weeks , '' spindler told reporters , adding that : `` the vast majority of last week 's arrivals were syrians ( 16,997 people or 82 % of the total ) , afghans ( 2,847 or 14 % ) and iraqis ( 582 or 3 % ) , confirming that the overwhelming majority of arrivals are likely to qualify for refugee status . '', 
  i do n't know much about syria , but isis sounds like rather more of a pressing concern than quality of life . 
  i 'm pretty sure you pulled `` millions '' out of thin air too . 
  edit : also ,  this is also the sort of problem that fosters the radicalization of society . 
  this is europe 's achilles heel . 
  there are already people advocating totalitarian and authoritarian solutions to this problem , and the idea is already gaining traction in the mainstream . 
   the race riots in france is a sign of things to come . 
  citation very much needed on these claims too . 
  the phrasing is very manipulative , practically perfect if the intent was to encourage those things . 
  when spun like this , yes , this is exactly the sort of narrative that fosters radicalization and justifies overly harsh reactions . 
  i imagine you realise that , though . 
  thanks !, 
  wait , that went through ? 
  i saw it on the ukip manifesto earlier this year and was horrified , but relieved that it was n't likely to actually happen . 
  did we really decide to just casually break another part of the echr while still in the eu ? 
  that was only one small aspect of my argument which i think might still stand without the section you 've quoted , but still . 
  i 've seen similar surveys to these before . 
  my opinion is that thoughts and opinions do n't matter , only actions . 
  anyone is perfectly entitled to believe whatever they like in relation to how they should live their own life , up to the point where it affects other people . 
  if someone thinks an act , belief , orientation or whatever is immoral or abnormal they can choose to avoid it , without needing to believe other people should be forced to . 
  it 's mostly the latter position that i see as a problem , not the first . 
  it 's true i would probably want to criticise the belief and debate it when it was expressed , especially if it was based on factual errors . 
  however i would n't consider it to necessarily be a problem if someone has a different point of view on the morality of any lgbt related issues . 
  despite what some groups might claim , i do n't think many pro-lgbt people want to limit what people are allowed to believe . 
   these people hate gays , they do n't see them has humans on an equal footing this source does not support that claim . 
  there is nothing here that suggests any muslims dehumanise gay people or necessarily want their rights eroded in any way . 
  i have not seen any evidence ( not just from you ) that muslims are any more likely than non-muslims to actively oppose/try to erode lgbt rights or abuse/attack lgbt people . 
  until i see that i 'm going to see anything that claims to be pro-lgbt that specifically targets them as unwarranted , out of the blue and probably based on prejudice . 
  according to the voting intention found by that telegraph survey they 're just as or perhaps more likely to want a more left wing government than the rest of the population . 
  that 's a statistic i 've seen mirrored in other studies , some from the usa too i think . 
  the fact they do n't see lgbt or any other social issues important enough to warrant voting for a more socially conservative government implies that * as a demographic * they 're not especially concerned about opposing lgbt rights , if they 're opposed to them at all . 
  as for why i 'm opposed to provoking them , it 's not out of fear . 
  it 's out of the respect due to a group that does n't seem to be especially opposed to lgbt rights , and because i think it would be counter-productive . 
  from the conclusion of the gallup source :  since 9/11 and the terrorist attacks in madrid and london , mistrust toward european muslims has become palpable . 
  significant segments of european societies openly express doubt that muslim fellow nationals are loyal citizens . 
  the general construct of this premise rests on an oversimplified and erroneous understanding of islam and terrorism . 
  muslims are often asked to demonstrate that they embrace the more liberal sexual values that exist in europe to be considered full-fledged members of society , while overlooking that many other europeans reject such values . 
  against this background , it is generally assumed that european muslims can not be trusted because of their perceived ambiguous allegiances and anachronistic values [ ... ]  integration is a complex , multi-dimensional process that occurs at a different pace for each individual . 
  in europe , there is already much common ground on which to base serious conversations about the integration of ethnic and religious minorities . 
  european muslims accept democratic institutions , justice , and human rights as the building blocks of their societies . 
  however , while concerns about finding a job , feeding one 's family , and having access to good schools and good healthcare services are challenges that all european residents and citizens face , these issues are even more daunting for minorities . 
  as the poll findings suggest , the economic marginalization of some european muslims may have an impact on their well-being . 
  this , in turn , creates psychological barriers that prevent them from becoming active members of their communities . 
  as a result , the integration debate has to widen its frame , moving beyond the confines of security and religion , and focus more on the socioeconomic struggles of citizens of all faiths and no faith . 
  it would not be unreasonable for the people in the muslim areas mentioned in the op to feel they are being unfairly targeted . 
  i would not want to support a group that tried to marginalise them in that way , i do n't think it would do anything except exacerbate tensions . 
  which , like i said before , is what i think was probably the goal all along . 
  i agree that ignoring the situation - in society as a whole - would probably make it worse . 
  however i think the best way to address that is through trying to normalise being lgbt , cement lgbt rights and fight vocal critics or abusers . 
  we have to start talking about lgbt issues somewhere ( especially for political groups like the one in the op ) , but that somewhere should n't be muslims . 
  hope you do n't mind the long comment , there 's lots of interesting things to think about on this topic . 
  it 's not a pro-russia argument , / u/nyxisto is still holding russia to account on this . 
  they 're just acknowledging the wider context and pointing out that while russia was the only one vetoing this tribunal , it has not historically been alone in this kind of aggression . 
  so long as that 's not being used to excuse anything , all being mindful of that does is help us stay self-critical and avoid becoming sanctimonious or blindly polarised . 
  the point i 'm making is that this right wing group 's `` pride '' march clearly has different intentions to normal . 
  yes ( as you 've been saying ) some people react badly to pride marches , that 's a given . 
  however you do n't normally try to seek that out by targeting a minority area which is most likely to react badly . 
  core to the lgbt movement are unity and inclusiveness . 
  while sometimes very vocal and even violent protest takes place , it 's always been a reaction to being attacked . 
  if you go out of your way to provoke a group , completely out of the blue , you 're no longer the one being attacked . 
  that 's what 's happening here . 
  which is more likely , that this right wing group has suddenly had a change of heart and after years of attacking the lgbt movement it 's now determined to champion their rights ( without acknowledging past wrongs or updating policy ) , and that just happens to start with a march that 's clearly anti-muslim ? 
  or they still do n't care about lgbt rights and are just using it as a cover for racism . 
  check out https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_map_projections , a lot of them have been around for a very long time !, 
  see especially [ equirectangular_projection ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equirectangular_projection ) ( ad 100 ) , [ ortelius oval ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ortelius_oval_projection ) ( 1540 ) , [ sinusoidal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinusoidal_projection ) ( 1570 ) and [ mercator ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercator_projection ) ( 1569 ) . 
  do you really think pride is for or about straight people ? 
  well ok , by tell someone i meant choose to be public about it . 
  i was a little too narrow originally , they could make it public in other ways . 
  however considering all the different types of clothes worn in muslim majority countries ( [ often ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:istiqlal_mosque_reciting_al_quran.jpg ) the [ same ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:fatih_mosque-prishtin%c3%ab.jpg ) as the typical clothing here in europe ) , i 'm pretty sure there 's no major barrier to dressing however they like . 
  so it would be a reaction based on appearance ? 
  which they could avoid if they wanted to . 
  i do n't know what `` falling to islamism '' means , but my point is that you 're not going to be able to tell if someone is a convert to islam unless they tell you . 
  so for someone like that - even if they would suffer the worst islamophobic reaction if people knew - they can surely avoid most problems by just not telling people . 
  the lgbt movement is practically an extension of feminism , it 's ridiculous to complain that it 's advancing feminism as if that 's somehow unexpected . 
  the whole lgbt umbrella can pretty much be summed up as groups persecuted because they do n't fulfil traditional gender roles i.e. 
  `` men should dress and behave in this certain way and women should dress and behave in this other distinct certain way '' . 
  feminism and the lgbt movement are about letting people choose what works best for them , without pointless and restrictive gender stereotypes . 
  another example would be people that consider themselves `` culturally catholic '' . 
  the main point is that to look at someone you would n't be able to tell if they 're a follower of islam or not , but islamophobia is typically going to be a reaction based on appearance . 
  it 's probably not going to be an issue for a white guy who is a convert to islam . 
   the whole point of gay pride parades is to spite people , to shock them into accepting you . 
  you seem to be pretty certain about this despite the fact that you 're clearly an outsider to the community . 
  why are you telling us why we do these things as if you know better than we do ?
