no , it does n't , but neither does the over-ideological thinking of a minority justify an all-out assault on all student union politics . 
  the refusal to condemn isis is pretty stupid , but the article quickly goes beyond that and launches into a vitriolic attack on all student left-wing politics using a few vague , generalizing statements . 
  seems to me like the author is just using the union 's refusal to condemn isis to express his own frustrations at the fact that some students do n't agree with him politically . 
  thank you for your reply . 
  i just want to add one more thing :  i know it may seem unfair , you called it favouring people with disabilities , but it really has a great educational potential for all pupils . 
  i made a very bad choice of words here . 
  i never meant to imply that inclusive education would give unfair advantages to people with disabilities , just that it is a measure targeted at people with disabilities , not roma children , but it may indirectly have some effects on the latter group as well . 
  i am fully in favor of inclusive education . 
  thanks for your insight . 
  but are you sure that it is just cultural barriers and poor social backgrounds which cause roma children to be frequently placed in special schools ? 
  is there no racism involved there ? 
  the causes you mentioned are also applicable in romania , but they are complemented by a large dose of racism . 
  even when roma children are admitted to regular schools , segregation/discrimination still occurs , for example they will placed in the back of the classroom or , worse , in * de facto * segregated classes composed mostly of other roma children . 
  personally , i do n't think quotas are bad , as long as they are supplemented by other measures . 
  in romania we have `` free '' places in high-schools and universities for roma children and young adults , but a lot of the time they remain empty because of the deficiencies in the primary and secondary school systems . 
  i also think that another interesting fact to consider on the long term is the trend towards inclusive education , which ultimately means that special schools will be eventually closed down altogether . 
  this is meant as a measure favoring people with disabilities , but it will probably have some indirect effects on the education of roma children as well . 
   roma children are not put in the special schools automatically because they are roma !, 
  sometimes they are , at least in romania . 
  i do n't know how many times this happens , but it does . 
  yeah , putin is just so trustworthy that nobody should doubt his motives . 
  international courts ? 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
   ukraine is currently in a war . 
  a balls to the wall actual war where 8000 have died . 
  do you know how many died in the war in syria ? 
  not that i like comparing tragedies , but i 'm really curious . 
  romanians went to italy and spain because there were lots of jobs in agriculture available there , not because of cultural similarities . 
  even so , cultural similarities did n't stop italians or spaniards from being prejudiced against romanians . 
  i do n't see why muslims ca n't learn about `` german culture '' , especially since there are a lot of perfectly well adapted muslims already living there . 
  mexico is not iraq , afghanistan or nigeria . 
  i 'm not telling you to avoid that comparison because you ca n't do it , but because it makes you look bad and ignorant of international affairs . 
  and why ca n't the refugees be both ? 
  that is , happy that they escaped war but since they went though all that still wanting to go to a prosperous country ? 
  and if they want jobs , what 's so bad about that ? 
  that 's what most romanians wanted as well . 
  some might want welfare , but you ca n't presume that all do , based on the fact that they 're muslim or other preconceived ideas you might have . 
  do n't compare that to iraq , afghanistan or even nigeria please . 
  afghanistan , nigeria and iraq have serious troubles too . 
  you know that isis is active in iraq as well and the taliban are still a presence in afghanistan , right ? 
  oh , you saw ** one ** african among the refugees , about whom you 're sure he was n't from a country like nigeria or ethiopia ( how do you know this ? ), 
  and this means that all other refugees are n't actually refugees ? 
  come on , you have to base your arguments on better sources . 
  this reeks of a conspirary theory mindset . 
  who actually wants christians to become atheists except for maybe people at / r/atheism ? 
  we have something called freedom of religion , you know ? 
  if i 'd risk my life and paid good money to a guide to smuggle me out of a war torn country , i 'd go the extra mile and seek the best place for myself as well . 
  the romanian migrants , which were n't even fleeing war , which i spoke about in my first post did n't want to go to hungary or macedonia . 
  they wanted to go to the west . 
  same here . 
  but anyway , the article is not about that . 
  it 's about romania refusing the quota , which is a different issue . 
  not russia , the russian communist party . 
  that 's implying that all muslims are `` hard conservative '' , which seems kind of a stretch . 
  besides , the number of the refugees is very small compared to the number of people in the eu and it 's kinda ridiculous to believe they 'll have a significant political impact . 
  and denying aid to refugees based on religion goes against what europe stands for , anyway . 
  they are coming in `` hordes '' because there has been a huge number of people displaced by the war . 
  i 'm guessing that was n't your case . 
  want do you want us to do ? 
  tell them to stay in the hellhole that syria has become just a few more years and try come here in an orderly fashion ? 
  i think that some of them are isis members , yes . 
  it would be too stupid for isis to pass up the opportunity to squeeze some combatants though . 
  so what ? 
  should we turn back the hundreds of thousands of innocents because some are not so innocent ? 
  have we become so scared of terrorists that we 're denying aid to people fleeing from a devastating war ? 
  for better or for worse , we romanians were n't turned back because there were some crappy ones among us . 
  we should apply the same treatment to the refugees . 
   neither should isis . 
  so all those hundreds of thousands of refugees are isis members ? 
  or has isis ruined the reputation of muslims just like ( to a lesser extent ) romanian criminals ruined that of romanians ? 
  this has nothing to do with what i said . 
  even if the eu admitted us because of their own selfish interests , it says nothing about how romanian migrants were perceived by people in the west and the struggles they had to face . 
  a few years ago , millions of romanians were leaving the country for better lives in the west and putting up with a lot of prejudice along the way as well . 
  would have thought that we can at least understand that others , who are coming from even worse conditions , might want better lives too . . but no , we were just misunderstood while they are evil muslims . 
  i 'd love to see all these internet tough guys over here fight for their countries if it came to that . 
  yeah , fucking merkel , winning over iraqi people . 
  look at how ferocious those people look , surely they 'll be the end of europe !, 
   er , the title of the post ? 
  '' ... marching through denmark towards sweden . 
  so they 're danish people going to sweden ? 
  not people fleeing from the war in syria ? 
   from police reports of bangladeshi , pakistani and all manner of other documentation strewn across the fields and rivers of hungary . 
  so because not all of them are syrian , it means that `` many '' are not ? 
  are you denying that the majority of these people are syrian and left syria to escape the war ? 
  the fact that they prefer a country over another does not mean that they are not refugees . 
  especially since sweden has stated that it 's ready to accept syrian refugees . 
  stated by whom ? 
  you ? 
  `` many '' are not even syrian ? 
  how do you even know that ? 
  why then are all western governments treating it as a mostly syrian refugee crisis ? 
  yes , not all of of them are syrian . 
  some come from such stable and nice countries like afghanistan or iraq . 
  i do n't understand how someone can look at syria , see what a war torn hellhole it is now , then look at syrians leaving syria and say `` definitely not refugees '' . 
  how does this thought process happen ? 
  the mods should merge this subreddit with / r/european , it 's basically the same stuff anyway . 
   have no idea how this , or what follows it , relates to what goes before . 
  because it 's completely bullshit and has no historical basis . 
  so if sweden has announced this why are n't other countries letting them get there ? 
  i heard stories like this too , but on the other hand this most certainly was n't the experience that people in the soviet union had with german troops .
