  good ? 
  i wo n't be going to it anyway but they 'll do a good job of it i hope 7 years away so no ones really bothered about it, 
  age old debate , i 've always seen it as both others say either at different time periods . 
  religiosity rates has n't seen much of a change among young muslims but clinging closer to the faith has increased significantly over the last two decades , anti-western attitudes which were previously limited to muslims outside of europe have made inroads for multiple reasons . 
  they were supposed to become more progressive and they certainly were for a brief period but progress dropped off along the way . 
  it 's obviously brussels for the eu europe on the other hand would be up for lengthy debate , probably paris ? 
  the other ` top dogs ' are a bit too federalised for contention . 
  i would n't bring up london in either as it 's more of a global capital than that of a political institution or for european identity etc. 
  as others have pointed out it 's forbidden etc so pretty small proportion . 
  there 's all sorts of communities so it varies , persian women as you pointed out are a lot more open to it and a few others too , but an average across the board would be small regardless . 
  a generous estimate is probably 25 % max 20 years ago it would have been up to 50 % i 'm sure, 
  well no ... xd like the lad below stated , ` posh neanderthals ' ? 
  xd i guess i 'm explaining how stereotypes work here but take for example the stereotypical rootin ' tootin ' texan , this human would n't have been a true representation of the average texan in the wild west ( or today ) but rather a specific exaggerated-group of texans with a specific lifestyle/a collection of different behaviours of texan people rolled into one . 
  so in the same vein a posh brit is one of many brits , a ` neanderthal ' brit is another one of many . 
  around 60 + million different brits so you can imagine there are millions of definable stereotypes so the truth is that there is no truth . 
  that was n't supposed to be condescending btw as i 'm sure you know what stereotypes are etc but just making it clear for anyone else out there who might be confused . 
  although you bring up a decent point , other than lifestyles a lot of things about this country are certainly a bridge between the us and europe . 
  here it 's used as a catchall term to refer to two groups , irish travellers + romani people, 
  forgot to reply but i 'll shove it in anyway bit like how the other person replied , both countries are just too weak military - in proportional and relative terms . 
  unlike the other replier i 'm assuming you wondered why i did n't include them anywhere on the list rather than the top . 
  i was exaggerating of course , they 'd be between india and ` irrevelant territory ' , but it is nothing special . 
  having said that both have enormous potential ( leaders in tech and wealthy enough to kickstart ) and can easily catapult themselves into standing with the rest of the security council by just pulling their weight around , however attitudes towards this ( normalisation of guilt , self restraint , inevitable strong judgement and condemnation from outside : in the case of germany ) + a shit ton of legal documents ( in the case of both ) ensures that this will never be possible . 
  so no , not for now and likely never . 
  20 in europe , 18 utside . 
  some work stays , some holidays . 
  favourite in europe - germany , portugal , albania , italy favourite outside - honestly ca n't decide , spoilt for choice, 
  has to be image we 've cultivated in different places , - stereotyped as high strung posh do-gooders who love the royal family unconditionally , flourishing the pinky and all that jazz - from the us . 
  - on the other hand the stereotype of being a bunch of neanderthals - from europe, 
  * grabs popcorn and hides *, 
  well anything bigger or less rounded just does n't roll off the tongue as easy you see, 
  grow all sorts of vegetables and fruits granted this is more something that i find is better in every way than the alternative but it can also be cheaper, 
  200 mm certainly sounds more ... ` interesting ' than 0.2 m. . 
  iranians are n't as sizeable as other groups but are still decently represented . 
  due to this overshadowing however no one would have an opinion of them over here ( uk ) , not sure about europe . 
  i think the only immigration started with the revolution , then within the next decade the numbers grew . 
  the first wave were the elites who fled ( if they did n't come here they went to usa and canada ) , upper middle class and then middle class folks . 
  successful , skilled etc. 
  non-religious seculars , secular or liberal muslims ( shia + sunni ) and the small religious minorities that had money . 
  many asylum seekers . 
  thereafter anyone who came was middle class and working class , muslim shias . 
  they 're fine . 
  there are skill shortages all over europe and most ( at least half ? ), 
  of the continent has n't taken in anyone . 
  you should have a good chance anywhere tbh, 
  there are problems of course , some truth in what they say , grossly exaggerated for effect , other things which go against the narrative overlooked and plenty of bullshit + revisionism . 
  but i 'd say this about those who are the complete opposite of them and everyone else in between . 
  in other words they are nothing special , we have plenty of europeans who are part of the same community and also want to ` save ' usa . 
  just people , some more unhinged than others etc. 
  i have n't tried anything mexican in the uk or europe , i 'm not sure how it would compare to what i 've had in mexico and us . 
  there are a few franchises from the us and in london there should be a bit of a scene otherwise i 'm not sure, 
  i 'm not sure if we have many individual figures which stand out above the rest enough to be granted ` great ' , it was more of a slow process divided among different types of people , i think, 
  1st tier - usa 2nd tier - china / * crickets / * ... rest of the security council ... india ... 
  irrelevant territory, 
  just give me a menu from any mexican , ethiopian , punjabi ( more pak than ind ) or brazilian ` hole in the wall ' restaurant and i could eat for centuries . 
  archaeology went through its biggest development over here so its pretty important , however the situation has n't been great recently . 
  there 's a shortage of students and graduates who go onto work and the pay is n't fantastic relatively . 
  the choices of courses ( for bachelors , masters , research whichever ) is good and any university which offers these are all big players in archaeology so you 'd be fine . 
  certainly steep in terms of costs compared to mainland europe though so keep that in mind . 
  there 's actually something weird about this , i 've lived in multiple parts of europe and german cars have never let me down or cost too much in maintenance , very reliable . 
  when i was in the us german reliability was usually okay but many times a miss . 
  i think it was because the same models for us market were being manufactured in europe , usa and mexico at the same time , until the late 2000s at least anyway . 
  so there was a bit of discrepancy which meant you 'd get a good quality product or something less so . 
  i know the us production has been beefed up significantly since so it should be better now for reliability , probably the same for maintenance costs however : /, 
  there are people in japan , us , germany , france , italy , south korea and once upon a time the uk too  where people look down on others for being ` unpatriotic ' or ` making a stupid decision ' for buying other cars . 
  they are a very small minority . 
  the vast vast majority of people everywhere do n't give a shit and 99 % of people wo n't come across this sentiment . 
  this minority was bigger in the us in the late 80s and is dying , bigger in europe in the late 90s and is dying , bigger in mid 2000s in japan and is dying . 
  in other words your question is decade ( s ) late . 
  single fully federal sovereign . 
  or eep chugging along with this multi faceted supra national thing . 
  btw fully federal of any kind will never happen as sovereignty is the hottest topic but ideally . . - identical to the us in checks and balances and pretty much how responsibilities are handled . 
  so almost everything . 
  - would n't want it to be a inevitable progression but rather fully consent based , no concessions no eea no favourable expectations etc just a clean slate with a simple yes or no.this new country may have a very weird shape . 
  - i would n't want there to be any forceful splitting of countries into smaller regions as you suggest . 
  - instead , within this transition period states can not merge but can choose to split themselves up if they wish ( probably belgium ) and seccessions can occur provided the new state is no smaller in 2 categories from these : size , population and wealth , than the already existing members . 
  28 is already a lot , no need to triple it . 
  other than being the wealthiest and most populous + i think biggest receiver of immigrants it does well in most areas , everyone else in europe is an expert in at least one thing , germany is like a jack of most trades , master of few . 
  as a result this is a very stable foundation . 
  invests significantly ( relatively ) in neighbouring countries . 
  rising tide and all that . 
  they are more dependent on germany and vice versa , than france for comparison . 
  i 'm not sure why the sentiment is exaggerated , that is for positive and negative propaganda . 
  these questions are always weird , sweden france spain germany albania , serbia, 
  this is tough you 'd do better in japan surely ? 
  most of the suggestions here are bog standard luxury middle class and basic premium brands ( which are not always out of reach for working classes ) , that goes for the ones you listed too op . 
  ** upper class luxury ** - this is not limited to the uk , upper luxury is universal . 
  cars : bentley , aston martin , mercedes-maybach , maserati . 
  whereas ferrari + lamborghini + porsche bridge the gap between the notch below and this . 
  rolls royce is not far above these but is certainly ` taking the piss ' territory . 
  clothing : louis vuitton , berluti , richenmont , c\u00e9line , dior , fendi , alexander mcqueen , burberry , armani is too varied so individual brands such as armani priv\u00e9 only fall in . 
  clothing has perhaps the highest concentration of upper luxury . 
  any labels of haute coutures brands from paris , london , new york city , tokyo ( more recently ) and milan . 
  watches : are a lot more lax . 
  i suppose rolex-tudor fits , hublot , jaeger-lecoultre , piaget , cartier . 
  furniture : knoll , s\u00e9 , tom dixon . 
  ca n't think of any tbh . 
  electronics : this is probably those who are the most innovative and then niche operations . 
  ` automated as possible ' homes is another niche . 
  nothing noteworthy . 
  we had mp expenses scandals a few years ago which was a huge news story for years , quite a few mps claimed more on expenses than they needed and then tried to suppress it when it became a story but it was too late .
