  tabloids are useful ... sometimes speaking of tabloids there is a specific one which generally has the ears of at least one high ranking politician in every government, 
  your question was good , i 'm not sure why it was down voted so much here . 
  i noticed you 're south african perhaps , what is your take on freedom and democracy in africa , sa albeit not perfect has fared somewhat better i 'm guessing, 
  the cars are generally priced within reach of each other , here in the uk certainly . 
  any differences are due to the availability of specific cars for e.g. 
  - over here [ insert premium german brand ] are priced anywhere between average to expensive due to the large number of different specifications whereas in the us there are fewer specs choices ( no small engine models or less diesels etc etc ) = prices only range in the mid-upper tier . 
  - or on the opposite end we sometimes receive a smaller choice of mustangs and camaros so the price ranges are different compared to the us where these cars are anywhere between very affordable to not so affordable . 
  i 'm guessing the problem is in parts of scandinavia where they tax the fuck out of anything car related . 
  is the feeling that the armed forces are struggling slightly exaggerated or not ( the way it is reported as in foreign reports anyway ) . 
  fair enough , i can see what you meant now xd, 
   why and what would the reason be for the prevention of foreign military intervention with the aid of western governments to restore democracy in these african countries ? 
  - do n't have resources , not worth it/don ' t have resources anymore , obviously not worth it/have some resources yet relatively untapped by both the government or previous colonisers , so china 's swooped in with investment . 
  or neighbours have swooped in = conflict = difficult for ` us ' to do whatever . 
  this is a minor reason btw but just wanted to get it out the way in the name of ` neutrality ' . 
  - recent historical events ( second half of cold war - us and ussr attempts to limit each other ** consequences and legacies ** and then big events since the 90s ) = muddy waters = difficult . 
  - adding onto above there are a longstanding conflicts in the area which go beyond recent history so eruption of these is very possible - see iraq . 
  although they are generally tamed . 
  - a few of them may be stable rocks in a sea of uncertainty -  useful geopolitical allies or otherwise , for now or forever and so we will kind of help to keep it this way ... unless a better options comes along . 
  - good growth is slow and steady . 
  - other religious , nationalist , neighbourly conflicts = again difficult . 
  now we need to go deeper - dictators etc have n't been sitting around just enjoying themselves they 've also established ( or just ` subcontracted ' so they can enjoy themselves ) structures to keep themselves in power - whatever that may be , hundreds of different possible things tbh . 
  a core issue is of course the dismantling of free fair election processes of any kind , democratic ideas and movements can not gain momentum without substantial foreign involvement , or these days access to uncensored internet etc etc. 
  + propaganda repeated enough becomes ... etc etc - appetite for democracy among some of the populace is needed too . 
  adding onto the above censorship idea/structural impedance , anyone not middle class and above ( which is a large number of people here in these places ) are not educated enough/lack resources to live comfortably = people with not enough time & energy to even contemplate such luxurious ideas . 
  now those who are n't well off but get by do have time for this , but just like everywhere else on this planet people have all sorts of ideas and beliefs both democratic and non-democratic , of course there are plenty who support dictators for whatever reason ( you do n't have to be poor to believe this of course ) - see the mostly fallacious ( sometimes true but ) idea of stable mena dictatorships which is popular , maybe the dictator is a religious/nationalist icon , maybe there are grand promises being ... promised , maybe i 've got mine so fuck you . 
  i had a few more but i 've forgotten them now , this is n't exhaustive nor 100 % accurate btw . 
  none of these are solutions like other posts here but just addressing your question . 
  now most importantly - overthrowing regimes ( for democracy that is ) is expensive , sometimes logistically impossible and not always bloodless . 
  failures we have seen in the me always fall back on the difficulty of maintaining order in the aftermath . 
  grand ideas such as free & democratic world are just as vulnerable as any other idea that is n't written down constitutionally ( constitutions themselves can be vulnerable - see every period of history ever ) - elections happen , popularity matters , governments/executives have their personal biases , the list goes on . 
   at the risk of being banned ? 
  unilever , which is one of the biggest and original corporates , that and shell are part of the anglo-dutch portfolio too, 
  probably referring to the uber multinationals that were born in your country + every other company that exports products/operations/services worldwide . 
  so basically ` do you have domestic companies ? ', 
  seeing as i 'm pretty sure the vast vast majority of companies export anyway ... 
  hatchbacks are pretty spacious tbh with the seats down . 
  for larger things anyway : - estate/wagon , suv - getting it delivered which will most likely arrive in a van , perhaps a lorry if its pretty hefty . 
  instead of van renting van hire + hire company driver is more likely . 
  - renting or using trucks is highly unlikely here unless you live on a farm or work in a trade where van is n't suitable , so out of the question for the common customer . 
   the `` anglosphere '' is also a racist term - basically the rich parts of the commonwealth would n't that make it a classist term ? 
  successful/complete/ideal integration is a bit subjective . 
  as this is the real world and nothing is ideal i 'd go with socialisation being the core criteria for complete successful integration ( i 'm not referring to extroversion or anti-anxiety but just being competent ) , whatever this takes is enough . 
  alas life exists in many shades so :  - language important  - employment wat . 
  important i guess . .  - values try your best to keep an open mind , you 'll change it eventually . 
  nothing cuckoo or extreme and you 'll fit in fine . 
  pretty important . 
   - religion not important . 
   - spending past time not important  - knowing your country 's popular culture like movies or music not important but useful , especially music . 
   do you have any stories about foreigners who integrated successfully ? 
   how about those who did not ? 
  like individual stories ? 
  i do n't keep track but from everyone i 've ever met i can firmly say that theres very few groups of whichever classification that universally integrate successfully , some significantly less others and everything in-between . 
  for studying you 'll be better off for those courses in russia , if you do well you 'll have very good job prospects too in russia and elsewhere . 
  non studying related cz is better + the studies and prospects are still good too . 
  it does largely depend on what your plans would be after studying to be honest . . 
  it would be very very helpful to know the languages of where you go btw so take that into account . 
  ** also the tuition throughout mainland europe varies between free-cheap so do n't rule out the 20 + other countries as you may prefer them instead !, 
  well if we placed the anglo-sphere on a string then for simplicity in this context we would have the core scattered between one end and the midpoint , at the midpoint is canada , anywhere on the other side of the midpoint is the us . 
  i 'm not sure what people here would think . 
  common themes would probably be self reliant , rich and very talented in some niches . 
  personally the country and the people resemble what would be the hate-fuck child of a threesome between 2 germans and 1 french , who would then be pumped full of steroids and sent off to face the big busy world . 
  or whatever . 
  she will stay until early 2018 by which point some kind of brexit progress is set in stone . 
  most likely herself , the cabinet and the board have already drafted similar plans . 
  she 'll be replaced by some other numpty within the cabinet , most likely david davis . 
  a lot of folks here want ruth to take over but they 're confusing fantasy with reality . 
  if davis were to rule out leadership for now then it will fall to either damian green the loudest voice from the lesser cabinet positions . 
  it is anglo-sphere whether it likes it or not it perhaps shares less in common with other ` members ' within the anglo-sphere, 
  that 's a bit specific , i 'm assuming it would fall under any emergency situation so whatever the normal drill would be in that case . 
  there have been terrorist attacks recently but i doubt there are plans to introduce anti-terror drills either , it 'd be a bit of a waste . 
  - i 've only met one refugee from the recent wave although it was some syrian kid who came here illegally . 
  he clung onto a back of a van until it stopped in a random city , 15 years old and had his own id ans documents but no one else with him . 
  i only met him because he burst into my office asking for help , that was weird . . - many jews , poles , hungarians , ukranians who came following ww2 and events in the 50s . 
  of course i met them decades later so not sure if it counts entirely but they were refugees at the time . 
  - finally yugoslav war refugees , the uk and france never took as many as germany and italy did although the ones who landed here mostly concentrated in my hometown when i was growing up . 
  serbs , bosnians & croatians teenagers who joined our school . 
  just normal kids some of whom probably saw some stuff pretty young . 
  they got on with each other very well and would discuss the situation with the rest of us , quite interesting stuff . 
  lidl , aldi , sainsburys , local tesco and other local shops, 
  well it seems lefties always fall out and splinter themselves off into irrelevance and therefore ineffectiveness until having to start up again from the bottom . 
  right-ies are very obedient and in turn better organised , any small group can quickly turn into an annoying political thorn or otherwise . 
  extremist groups on the right are this much more difficult to ` tackle ' because they rarely self implode spectacular ly . 
  that 's just from what i 've seen but i 'm sure there 's an inkling of an trend elsewhere too, 
  neither for me , effects claimed from both around here are guaranteed to be exaggerated too . 
  wat if it 's any consolation i voted remain what is a positive eastern european ? 
  on the other hand i 've yet to see it being used in a negative light , it seems it is only a slur in the non-western world . 
  op still desperately trying to get / r/askeurope to take the bait -_-, 
  - op wants to know more about a range of cultures - 20 + comments solely discussing the validity of the terms used despite obvious referencing cracking job lads . 
  1 ) skills 2 ) culture 3 ) ancestry ? 
  rather not care about this but it 's a quite popular policy so perhaps there are arguements im missing . 
  4 ) genetics - kek . 
   india are you trolling , a bit dense or asking if india was invaded/occupied by the uk ? 
  because that last part is something you already know so it must be between the first two, 
  there 's a ridiculous number of innovative companies in germany although they 'll never become big as american ones unless they sell them off or so . 
  its the culture and all so no . 
  similar story throughout europe but this latter depends on finance , startups are pretty unlikely to become huge unless american or these days chinese/arab etc investment comes pouring in , or unless they move to a tech hotspot such as silicon valley etc. 
  the days of new and upcoming huge european tech ( or otherwise ) multinationals is long gone , for now anyway . 
  simultaneously the best and worst at foreign policy , alright domestically - did too much at once i think which left for a bad taste, 
  oh i see what you mean xd yeah i 've got plenty of friends too from each of the countries both 1st and 2 gen of which there are plenty , ive been to most of the countries in that area except nepal , bhutan . 
  tge people are alright , the countries are nice , its just too similar of an environment so it 's hard to pinpoint tbh , i guess it does n't help that the big three ( india , pak , bangladesh ) shared a country just a few decades ago so that might explain it,
