a skilled job would be impossible . 
  anything else is do-able if the person has friends or family in the uk who can get them in touch with the dozens of factories/temp agencies who recruit anyone . 
  if they are on their own then they 'd need access to internet before or after moving here as there are agencies which specifically advertise in foreign languages for work . 
  there are agencies all over the country set up for this , some british run others by people from the eu catering to their home country folk-mostly polish . 
  same situation for non-eu migrants . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/jun/21/job-agencies-prefer-foreign-workers this article gives a run down of a specific agency which does something similar , no mention of language but the way they all operate is the same . 
  https://www.gov.uk/guidance/immigration-rules/immigration-rules-appendix-k-shortage-occupation-list uk and scotland-only lists . 
  skilled . 
  demand according to  1000 estimated vacancies . 
  on a local level i suppose self employed maintenance trades - electricians , plumbers , roofing , carpenters etc. 
  i 'm guessing there are many all over the country most of them barely heard of a few miles away or no longer cared about . 
  rhodes statues made the news pretty big a few years ago , just good old cecil rhodes statues mainly in south africa but also one outside of oxford uni . 
  the movement in sa started long ago but now it had become part of a ` global racial equality on campus ' movement . 
  i do n't think any went down anywhere , the whole thing just blew over . 
  * easier , see the other 20 major oil producers other than us & canada for reference, 
  probably not invasion wise , i do n't think they would bother making the trip unless they went full ... our interests are at conflict every few months , any kind of thaw is constantly reset . 
  any drawn out conflict should be avoidable as they like everyone else have a stake in london 's ( city ) dubious finances . 
  germany is a quintessential part of central europe regardless of what you take into account , anything else is free rein and constantly debated it seems, 
  m e x i c a n b o i s, 
  do n't know about trashiest but a recent example has to be that woman who got a boob job off the nhs then bragged about it and ever since does a string of tabloid-bait every few months to stay relevant, 
  bramwells for ketchup and mayo , i 've only seen them stocked at aldi or lidl heinz is slightly better for mayo but for how much i go through in a month it 'd get way too pricey no mustard in this household , ever . 
  i 've heard that it 's common near construction sites , probably moreso in the day than now . 
  i 've seen one instance when a car full of young lads did driving past a woman walking in front of me , the whole street stopped in shock-i 'm guessing that like myself none of us had ever seen this before and thought it was pretty fucking weird , that was a few months ago . 
  it 's definitely not considered normal behaviour and not common where i 've lived and visited but could be slightly more common elsewhere in the country . 
  i guess you could 've worded it as which is the least soviet-like ? 
  would that have been similar to what you were trying to ask ? 
  midlands is like the easing of any potential culture ` shocks ' for the other parts of england & wales . 
  i 'd give it a few years before we paint some spirals on the ground and just turn it into a big roundabout instead, 
  i see the czech guy who 's a mod quite often , i did n't even realise he was a mod here until very recently . 
  a swedish who asks original questions from time to time , good for the sub anyone else i recognise from the name when i see it ... or their naughty comments, 
  swiss , italian , greek, 
  yeah that 's what i 'm referring to , it 's not the same as the us, 
  hate speech laws was n't there also some social media thing in germany ? 
  ciata - central is always the answer , 60 % of the time everytime . 
  and by this i 'm only referring to a handful - germany , swiss , austria , cz sometimes . 
  for this i 'd echo the same , except on two thngs : education = uk freedom of speech = good luck with that . 
  they are not the worst in europe but there is some added restriction that the us does n't deal with . 
  someone will have to correct me on that . 
  otherwise some ex-commie countries most likely have the freest . 
  freedom of religion is universal too , if that 's what 's you were asking, 
  xd i meant to ask if he 's from there my bad, 
  jordan , egypt ? 
  anyway you 'll be welcome here as well as a large number of ` big ' cities of europe , any other type of city/town etc is a dice throw depending on what country it is . 
  immigration has become a bit trickier here than else where in europe , most importantly what are you planning to do ? 
  you said you 're a graduate but do you want to study further or get straight into working ? 
  if the former then it 's straightforward , education is expensive so save up and apply . 
  if the latter then : - again do you have money ? 
  set up a business . 
  if not then are you a genius of some kind ? 
  it makes it easier - can you get a job offer and accompanying sponsorship in a job where we are lacking skilled workers ? 
  https://www.gov.uk/guidance/immigration-rules/immigration-rules-appendix-k-shortage-occupation-list - do you have family relatives or are you married/getting married to a uk national ? 
  any of the above + the means to support yourself here . 
  uk is a decent place , you can earn a good wage and fit in and you already know the language . 
  on the other hand things are a bit uncertain in some areas for now and we have shit weather . 
  you can get the above without the uncertainties by looking into ireland instead where it might be easier to get into too , but do n't expect much sunshine there either . 
  kek the ancient civilisations laid down important foundations . 
  if we 're giving weighting purely based on how early foundations were laid then sure . 
  i 'd say it 's higher in ... just sweden than anywhere else , but the ` rate ' of people approaching each other like this in europe imo is lower than the us anyway, 
  oh lol i doubt it , it 's not really common unless you 're screaming it in people 's faces etc. 
  who knows you might even get some people onboard, 
  some of what i wrote might have come across a bit condescending without meaning to , if that 's what you 're referring ? 
  i mean i 've not taken any issue with any of this i thought it was all quite interesting in fact , some refreshing unique positions which i 'll probably never understand and you took criticisms well , we good, 
  crikey , i do n't have a horse in this race if it 's any consolation xd, 
  quite a bit growing up here chances are that if you looked even a slightest bit asian and lived/or in my case walked through a less affluent neighbourhood then ... it 's probably best to gtfo after hearing the first scream of ` paki ' . 
  that was back in the 70s/80s/90s and is near enough non existent now . 
  the further north ( in england ) and west ( towards wales ) you went the more violent it got and the younger the perpetrators - like kids at 6-7 years old : / . 
  i do n't know if it was the same in the rest of the uk . 
  now as an adult i get it sometimes when i 'm working abroad in poland and bulgaria . 
  and the one thing they all have in common ? 
  rocks . 
  people just love to throw fucking rocks . 
  who are the most prominent contemporary leftists in your opinion ? 
  types of think tanks are the same everywhere , in some countries there are more that influence policy directly - in others less so . 
  in some many of the largest are government funded in others many of the largest are private . 
  in other words no hard or fast rules across europe . 
  however the bottom line is that if you 're looking for employment then regardless of where you are you will find a niche that interests you . 
  if you 're looking for something similar to the us then london is where you want to go . 
  you said that leftists are anti white , op brought up two of the most prominent leftists in history who ... were unlikely to be anti white, 
  fair enough, 
   ( actually , can we ? ), 
  xd now that 's the brimming confidence i ~ ~ expect ~ ~ demand when we scale up the whole thing, 
  it seems that those are the 2015 figures nordics ( except iceland ) + netherlands have been consistent until 2016 where netherlands started falling short , there 's been a few more surprising changes in fact which i had n't noticed earlier , now it 's ( excluding uae ) norway , luxembourg , sweden , turkey , denmark . 
  only 5 now . 
  germany , uk falling just short with netherlands trailing at 8th now . 
  - generous borders - non-militaristic ( maybe ? ), 
  aggressive clinton doctrine + active liberal democratisation . 
  - focus on global redistributive justice + maintaining developmental aid - social democracy leaning to nordic model , but then the specifics conclude to something which resembles neither . 
  instead you 'd fall into democratic socialism = deep labour party territory/progressive wing . 
  then anything left of that . 
  the difficulty arises with your focus on promoting liberal democracy and institutions , a mainstream combination of this and socialist leanings do n't currently exist anywhere in europe or north america , you 'd have been quite at home in denmark and sweden a few decades ago . 
  now anything closely related and mainstream outside of the euna are small-mid parties in latin america , me nations closest to turkey , southeast asia , south asia . 
  but again your global ambitions fall short as these regions incorporate countries with irrelevant influence on the international stage . 
   europe should try to take in millions of poor blacks in the western hemisphere what does this mean btw ? 
  as in europe should take in ... black people from the us ? 
  to add what are your thoughts on free speech ? 
  what circumstances would warrant military action in your opinion ? 
  and now for my unwarranted opinion seeing as everyone else here has brought out the judgemental frowns too : - do n't uproot your future on these things specifically unless you can ` make it ' . . because they are a bit unachievable anywhere , if you 're looking for the next closest things you 'd be comfortable with then anywhere in the western world is fine , including the us - coastal areas at the very least surely ? 
  - mmm while those immigration policies are not the most unpopular thing in europe the bit about adoption is . . just weird but i get where you 're coming from kind of . 
  - eu and us together are at the forefront of developmental aid so that should provide some respite for you - the global ( and domestic ) social justice policies you 're after will not be attainable with just blind social distribution , this is where liberal market policies undoubtedly perform the strongest , the results of this are everywhere you look . 
   though it is only denmark and the netherlands that pay what we promised just to chime in on this point it 's in fact 6 countries which do , netherlands is no longer part of this top 6 .
