  if you truly think it 's being destroyed you should visit and have a look at swedish reality , because you clearly do n't know what you are talking about . 
  not the op , but another swede reporting in . 
  i have lived all my life in a small rather low-income community ( lower-middle-classe or lower class , generally ) where more than half of the residents currently are recent immigrants . 
  i also work in a company in said community . 
  and yet the biggest trouble we have is with the resident drugaddicts and minor criminals who tend to be swedish , finnish or ( of course ) danish . 
  your ( and other 's ) insinuation that only sheltered fools who have never interacted with immigrants could hold the view that sweden is n't burning is downright insulting to those of us who has spent their entire lives interacting with foreigners and still do n't find them to be a boogeyman . 
  there are swedes in this very thread who believe sweden is a country about to collaps and basically be thrown into civil war ( i recognize their user names from / r/sweddit ) . 
  said swedes are absolutely bonkers imo and clearly adherents to alt-right media of course ( including showing sympathy and making excuses for genuine nazi movements in the past ) , but that does n't change the fact that swedes and other europeans believe the entire continent is heading to a bloody and violent apocalypse ( and with the vigor some of them preach , i ca n't help but suspect they are actually looking forward to such an occasion ) . 
  sweden has one of the highest tfr in europe and quite low amounts of debt ( for it 's gdp ) . 
  then it wpuld be no problem for yoiu to link to a reliable one , would it ? 
  housing has been fucked for a loooong time though and is n't exactly a problem cause by immigration ( though immigration certainly makes it worse ) . 
  very pleasant city . 
  do n't hate it just cuz you aint it . 
  what !? 
  no cinnamon rolls !? 
  granted , i have n't tried to buy any in sk\u00f6vde for a while now so i do n't know much about that . 
  though i imagine there ought to be some around somewhere . 
  how are we weird about them ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  female genital mutilation is forbidden by law in sweden and prosecuted if discovered . 
  all in all , our approach is not that different from denmark 's . 
  sweden 's been a destination for migrants for a long time though , ever since the 60 's and 70 's . 
  first finns searching for jobs , then chileans fleeing pinochet , then iranans after the iraq-iran war , followed by loads of people from former yugoslavia during and after the balkan wars , then a host of if iraqi coming here after the united states entered their countries , and most recently syrians . 
  and afghans and somali of course . 
  always afghans and somali . 
  and the bloody danes who we ca n't seem to get rid of . 
  same with r/sweddit . 
  for some reson immigration and islam crop up as the major discussion in threads not at all related to it . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm generally centrist and this subreddit is definitly not left of center in as far as i 'm concerned . 
  my mistake . 
  i utterly misread . 
  do n't you mean `` emigration '' ? 
  yeah , that 's not what i asked . 
  did anyone here claim that to be the case ? 
  i think you miss understood him/her . 
  i think the comment you responded to is highly critical of the stance `` we should miss the 80 's '' and those who hold that opinion , same as you . 
  edgy . 
  i guess that depends on how we define swedish people . 
  in 2011 some 30 % of the below 17 's had some connection to a foreign country , either because they have a parent born in a foreign country , has two parents born in a foreign country , or was itself born in a foreign country . 
  250,000 had two parents born in some other country , most of them two parents born in iraq or in the former yugoslavia . 
  somalia , turkey and lebanon were fairly common as well . 
  215,000 had one parent born in another country . 
  in this case the foreign-born parent was most likely to be born in another nordic country , primarily finland , though otherwise it depends on whether it 's the mother or father who was born abroad : if the father he might 've also been born in former yugoslavia or turkey , if the mother in thailand , poland or south korea . 
  amongst the 132,000 foreign-born kids the iraqi were clearly most common ( 20,000 ) , followed by the somali , polish , thai , chinese , german , afghan , danish , norwegian and american ( all with less than 10,000 but more than 3,000 each ) . 
  the trends does n't really bother me . 
  there 's nothing particularily worrisome about them . 
  sweden is indeed better . 
  glad you caught that . 
  all evidence proves there will not be any exponential growth however . 
  facts show that the fertility rates for muslims living in sweden decreses with each generation . 
  add the fact that each generation grows more and more irreligious and we are looking for a very far away future , if it ever happens at all . 
  also , `` muslim '' is not a race , it 's a religion which occasionally includes white people . 
  sweden is sweden , northern ireland is northern ireland . 
  the two have vastly different histories , different cultures , different values , different approaches to problems and different pre-conditions . 
  just because you irish fucked things up does n't mean others will . 
  well most of my sources are in swedish and stems from the scb ( statistiska centralbyr\u00e5n , statistics sweden ) . 
  1 , there are no official statistics that single out the work force in sweden after their nation on birth , only whether they are born in sweden or not . 
  that said , [ 45 % of all our immigrants are born either in asia or africa ] ( http://www.scb.se/sv_/hitta-statistik/artiklar/finland-och-irak-de-tva-vanligaste-fodelselanderna-bland-utrikes-fodda/ ) , with the mena countris being the source for the wast majority of them all . 
  2 , according to the [ scb ] ( http://www.scb.se/sv_/hitta-statistik/statistik-efter-amne/arbetsmarknad/arbetskraftsundersokningar/arbetskraftsundersokningarna-aku/23265/23272/tvarsnittsdata---originalvarden-ej-sasongsrensad/226595/ ) 63.4 % of all foreign-born residents between 20 and 64 are currently employed in the workforce some way or another . 
  15.2 % were deemed unemployed . 
  the rest are studying and jazz . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.scb.se/en_/finding-statistics/publishing-calendar/show-detailed-information/?publobjid=26601 ) rapport also shows that he numbers for the descendants of foreign-born individuals are without a doubt better with more of them active in the workforce and far less unemployed . 
  3 , it should also be noted that the percentage of foreignborn who are employed increases the longer thay are here , generally topping out at 55 % for those with no high school education , 75 % for those who has high school educating and 87 % for those with more than high school education . 
  the time it takes for so many to have steady work varies from 10 -20 years . 
  the source is [ ekonomifakta ] ( http://www.ekonomifakta.se/fakta/arbetsmarknad/integration/sysselsattningsgrad-efter-vistelsetid/ ) ( economy facts ) , and ** it 's ** sources are scb . 
  conclusion : i am confident that the wast majority of foreign-born muslims living in sweden for an extended period of time are productive citizens who pull their weight for society . 
  not to the extent that the swedes do , of course , but the descendants of foreign-born muslims will close that gap . 
  it does n't matter if you specificy that you meant arab muslims or not , since the most developed nation in the arab world has a population that is 54 % muslim and 41 % christian . 
  right . 
   getting mean and probably violent . 
  it 's astounding how often this seem to be the end result of most anti-immigrant arguments on this sub . 
  do you have reliable sources that show how it is incorrect ? 
  it 's like try to empty the ocean with a sieve . 
  still , it 's a way to pass the time and there 's always a chance i learn something new while searching for new sources . 
  we 've had am incredibly high taxation for many decades ( if memory serves me right , it 's actually lower now than it once was ) . 
  why would it result in us not being able to support this burden ? 
  most of them are pulling their own weight . 
  the majority find jobs and pay taxes , etc etc. 
  what do you think ? 
  that they live on welfare with no intention of ever working ? 
  you clearly know nothing then . 
  the very fact that you would make such a blatantly ignorant statement puts everything you 've written in this conversation ( and probably others ) in doubt . 
  there are significant populations of christians , buddhist and hindu 's in indonesia ( the worlds most populated muslim country ) , freely allowed to practice their religions , build places of worship , have missionary schools etc. 
  shit , albania is a country with a majority muslim population and last time i checked they were n't constantly unleashing jihad on their christian neighbours or the minorities within . 
  or do you think they are emrely biding their time until their population number in the hundred of millions ? 
  considering how many children muslims have it will probably just be a few years . 
  i have not seen any mentioning of global warming in pew 's report , but then again i have n't read it all yet . 
  either from another part of the counrty or outside the country . 
  that tends to be how migration works , even on a minor scale . 
  should it ? 
  i was not aware . 
  there are already westernized conclaves and communities in muslim countries so some certainly allow it . 
  that said , i do n't see why this whataboutism is even relevant . 
  but that `` doubling '' will not continue . 
  the increase of muslims in europe is not exponential . 
  muslim immigration is projected to remain steady for a few more years , perhaps as much as a decade , and then it will decrease . 
  muslim fertility rates in europe is likewise projected to remain fairly steady and then decline . 
  so it 's unlikely to climb much higher than 10 % for the foreseable future . 
  so , why would we not cope ?
