  better than being a fear mongering coward , i would hope . 
  there is no aviable statistics for the employment rates of `` refugees in sweden '' however . 
  i suppose one could generalize and assume everyone from africa or asia is a refugee , but it would n't be factually correct or reliable generalization . 
  does that mean they are in a majority ? 
  ~ 80 % of all swedes still would not vote for sd , according to the polls . 
  i would allow those who do not commit crime to stay . 
  i have no wish to keep criminals in my nation , be they swedish or foreign . 
  people in legitimate need for help should be allowed to stay however , though i might modify the specifics for how and where and such . 
  i ca n't understand your last sentence . 
  could you rewrite it ? 
  well , considering that the sd voters are in a clear minority i would suggest we continue giving the current government our support , or have them work together with the alliance on the more pressing issues . 
  afterall , it 's not like sd has the solutions , so one has to pick the lesser of two evils . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  to me you sound like the fear mongers before the year 2000 problem . 
  and what about the 80 % who clearly have their head screwed on right and do n't wish to swallow shit for dinner ? 
  or can you actually give an example of how the nation of sweden is doomed ? 
  how will it end ? 
  i 'm very interested in seeing what you believe will happen . 
  i would prefer to smash the two major alliances in place in swedish politics , create a new goverment , and then either convince other eu countries who wuss out to take more responsibility or cut back on the money sweden sends to the eu and use that money to deal with the refugees and other national issues . 
  i would also diminish the amount of money we spend on foreign aid and use that on internal issues ( e.g. 
  the refugees as well ) . 
  we have the means to handle things , the politicians just do n't have the will to . 
  i sure as hell would n't vote for a part founded by fascists , neo-nazis and right-wing extremists . 
  giving them influence is just a slippery slope . 
  i like how you immediately assume i live in a `` nice area '' . 
  i also enjoy the way you used a personal anecdote to enhance your rather lackluster argument ( [ the difference in employment rates between foreign-born and swedish-born individuals are n't that large ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/migrant_integration_statistics_-_employment ) ) , while believing my own experiences to be very different . 
  i myself prefer to employ sarcasm and common sense when making arguments . 
  [ mirakel fika , yes . 
  never claimed our current government or the opposition is particularily competent . 
  most have their asses in their heads and/or live in a fantasy world . 
  but saying one should vote on sd to make things better is like saying that one should begin to eat shit just because the food tastes like gravel . 
  it 's the cure to everything . 
  it 's a real life panacea . 
  sd are incompetent . 
  the only one who has any semblance of intellect is jimmie \u00c5kesson , and he 's a racist asshole who hides behind lies and evasion . 
  the rest of their major members are utterly incompetent by comparison , whether it is in economic policies or understanding of how the laws of the eu actually works . 
  through work , patience , rationality and keeping a level head most things tend to work out , so yes this is the approach i take to most things in life . 
  irrationality , impulsive folly and fearmongering is what leads to a nations downfall . 
  as for the immigrants : it 's statistically proven that the vast majority integrate very well with swedish society , keeping to the law , following society 's customs , respecting it 's values etc. 
  crime decreases with each generation as economic differences between those with roots in other countries and ethnic swedes diminish . 
  hilariously enough ( or worryingly , depending on your sense of humour ) even recent immigrants who are born in other countries is shown to be less inclined to criminality than our own politicians . 
  so yes , unless something extremely unexpected happens ( e.g. 
  stockholm brunging to the ground after a russian nuclear attack ) , things will work out fine without much of a difference to our current lifestyles . 
  well , 6/10 swedes still consider the number of immigrants coming to sweden to be either `` a good number '' or `` a too small number '' , according to recent polls . 
  4/10 think it 's `` a too high number '' . 
  so it 's not like the swedes has suddenly turned from extremely pro-immigration to extremely-anti imigration , it 's just that the anti-immigration sentiment is growing . 
  with the increase of refugees and immigrants people have been more open to discuss the issue , about how things should be done , etc. 
  before most tended to sweep the topic under the rug or avoid it . 
  now we ca n't avoid it anymore . 
  this has also lead to it being more divisive and growing in importance as a political topic , as can be seen in the article you link : 40 % of the swedes now consider immigration policy to be the most important tpoic of discussion . 
  we are quite patient . 
  most of us realize that things will work out in the end . 
  i , for one , would welcome these new estonian overlords . 
  i believe swedes in general are quite good at making fun of themselves and swedish culture . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.litekul.se/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/like-a-swede.jpg ) is one of the archetypal examples . 
  or as one of my friends recently said as explaination for why he decided to lose weight : `` i tried being fat and ugly . 
  now i will try just being ugly instead . '', 
  self-awareness is a rather big thing here . 
  it 's also one of the reason we love british humour so much . 
  i think you mean intimidate , right ? 
  well , considering that the attacker was subsequently overpowered by other young residents at the refugee center ( some of whom presumably were also traumatized by the horrors of war ) , i 'd say the perp was just a little fucking bastard . 
  to telly you the truth this is similar to how i view russia as an outsider ( swede myself ) . 
  i despise putin and how the russian government acts and works , but damn if russia does n't have many things to be proud of throughout it 's history . 
  arts , culture , science , sports , you name it and russia can proudly proclaim that `` yes , we have shown our prowess int hat field aswell '' . 
  makes me kinda sad how putin and his oligarchs makes everyone turn against russia when it 's history is filled with marvels . 
  should not have clicked on that link , made me hungry . 
  very well . 
  i 'm 1/3 goat , yes . 
  yes . 
  when using numbers , one should use the correct numbers , do n't you think ? 
  when spreading information one should try not to spread misinformation , whether it 's unintentional or not . 
  your claim of `` three times higher fertility rate '' is n't based in reality . 
  foreign born women in sweden has a fertility rate of 2.2 children per woman . 
  since most of them are immigrants fron mena , we can assume the same holds true for the foreign-born women in germany . 
  germany has an overall fertility rate of 1.47 children per woman and the fertility rate for etnich german woman are likely to be fairly close to it , but let 's be generous to your argument and say ethnic german have a fertility rate of 1.2 ... well , these recent immigrants still would n't have thrice the fertility rate . 
  furthermore , when taking into account the fact that the fertility rates of imigrants and their descendants are contantly sinking ( in germany women with foreign citizenship - e.g. 
  turks , amongst others - has a fertility rate around 1.6 ) ... well ... [ link ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/c/cd/specific_total_fertility_rates_by_citizenship_%28left_panels%29_and_by_country_of_birth_%28right_panels%29%2c_2009-2011.png ), 
  the population of syria was almost 23 million before the civil war . 
  it 's currently about 17 million , after people have died off or left . 
  of the 300,000 people seeking asylum in the eu in the first quarter of 2016 , some 100,000 were syrian . 
  [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_quarterly_report ), 
  and the syrian people are . 
  which would mean it makes more sense to grant refugee status to people from syria compared to the ddr . 
  not at the rate people are killed in syria . 
  the flat packed furniture is in swedish heaven , already assembled and ready to use . 
  the irony is that danish hell is also populated by danes who constantly bring the local residants down a peg . 
  whenever i look at pictures like those , i 'm astounded by how beautiful europe truly is . 
  i fully understand why they intend to push for secession , but that does n't mean i ca n't wonder about the consequences of gaining independence this way . 
  for example , how will catalonia deal with the eu after an eventual secession ? 
  they propably ca n't stay in the eu if they leave , and it seems unlikely that they can ever enter again since spain is likely to block them . 
  that 's not a pleasant thought to me , since i 'd like to have catalonia in the eu . 
  i 'm not against catalonia gaining independence , but i do not like that they attempt to go ahead without the spanish goverments assent . 
  now , i know that the spanish government is very unlikely to actually give their assent no matter what - but it still makes me worried what consequences an unilateral secession would bring . 
  also , seceeding when the polls show a very even opinion between those who want to leave and those who want to stay may cause a lot of division within catalonia . 
  that 's not a good thing either . 
  still , good luck to both catalonia and spain whatever happens . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'll just let you live in your little world of delusions and ignorance . 
  suck it denmark . 
  / u/vernazza is merely stating facts .
