  it 's not like the entire muslim population lives on welfare and contributes nothing to the society they live in . 
  all professional forecasts reject your analysis of the situation though . 
  the muslim population in europe is estimated to be around 10 % in 2050 , i do n't think it will be much more different in sweden . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2015/04/02/religious-projections-2010-2050/ ) so ... good job ? 
  that 's not what i was retorting to however . 
  i was retorting to the idea of outbreeding , which , as i 've said , is ridiculous . 
  if a neighbourhood suffers from `` islamization '' , it wo n't be because the muslims have outbred the local population , it will be because muslims are moving into the neighbourhood . 
  but not nearly that fast . 
  fertility rates for muslim women in sweden is 2.5 and projected to decrease . 
  for etchnic swedish women it 's 1.8 and holding stedy . 
  muslims meanwhile make up 5 % of swedens population - so perhaps 2.5 % ( if that ) consists of muslim women . 
  how will they outbred the etchnic swedes exactly ? 
  no , i live in between two notable ( yet not fully as large ) cities in an area where immigrants are very common . 
  and the claim that swedes will be `` outbred '' is still * utterly ridiculous * . 
  the difference in fertility rates when comparing muslim women and etchnic swedish women is not that large ( 2.5 compared to 1.8 ) , nor are the number of muslim women that large to begin with ( about 5 % of swedens population are muslim , split that in half and we have some 2.5 % of the countries population ) . 
  this `` outbreeding '' is just a theory made up by idiots to justify their idiocy . 
  well ... 
  i live in it . 
  do you ? 
  which is just as ridiculous . 
  what do we need saving from ? 
  not as stupid as sitting on a thread on reddit and proudly proclaiming that people who very well might be 18 or younger are actually 30 . 
  i do not doubt that sweden is letting in people who are older than 18 yet claim to be younger , but the people in this thread are hardly the ones one should listen to when judging the ages of immigrants . 
  a quick google search gives us the context of said picture : in the year 2011 saad alsaudi ( 14 in the picture , came to sweden from iraq in 2003 when he was 6 ) , who 'd recently won the 100 m dash in `` g\u00f6talandsm\u00e4sterskapen '' ( a competition ) , is invited by his old elementary school to run with 8-9 year olds to make them more engaged in extracurricular activities ( the 100 m dash in this case ) . 
  uk 's daily mail then used said picture in 2016 as evidence of how saad ( who now is 20 years old ) lied about his age to be granted asylum . 
  one of many sources : http://www.kristianstadsbladet.se/kristianstad/man-har-bara-sett-bilden-och-rubriken-och-delat-artikeln/ conclusion : it 's a picture often used by ignorant fools in order to support their particular agenda and is a clear example of people tendency to believe everything they read on the internet without fact checking first , and of their belief that they can accurately judge other individuals ages by looking at blurry still photos . 
  we had a recent example when one of the highest ranking politicians amongst the sweden democrats ( recently forced into timeout for punching people in the face ) claimed a boy taking part in a television program could n't be 15 as was claimed since he had the beginning of a beard , but had to be 25 because it was clearly `` obvious '' he was . 
  turned out the boy was 15 and had been in sweden for nine years since he was 6 , much as with saad alsaudi . 
  that 's rich , coming from a dane . 
  [ pippi longstocking ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pippi_longstocking ), 
  some of the older pippi books included references to her father being a `` niggerking '' ( e.g. 
  king over the negroes ) and pippi herself occasionally played around and made fun och chinese stereotypes and such . 
  those aspects havee been removed or changed ( removing the jokes about chinese , changing `` niggerking '' to a simple `` king '' etc. ) . 
  there are more examples . 
  oh , i can fully angre with you on that . 
  i just felt like asking because usually when people proclaim to others that they `` should open their eyes and face the truth '' it is followed by delusional rants about how the apocalypse is nigh and such ( usually based on rather flimsy evidence to boot ) . 
  what `` truth '' is it that we nust face ? 
  ignore him/her . 
  it 's obviously a troll account . 
  i do it to occasionally , and i 'm from v\u00e4stra g\u00f6taland . 
  i reckon i 've either heard it on tv or has been influenced by my more northern friends . 
  either way , it 's efficient and everyone knows what you mean , so why not . 
  more like finland , chile , iran , yugoslavia and then finally iraq and syria . 
  this number includes sympathizers and supporters as well , not just those willing to commit attacks . 
  he probably accuses you of being racist because the great replacement is complete bogus promoted by right-wing extremists . 
  heard it was 4 years running myself . 
  would personally like to see it legalized for medical and scientific purposes at least . 
  the liberal party in germany . 
  yay, 
  nationality is always recorded , ethnicity is never recorded . 
  or at the very least it is n't supposed to be , though an infamous and illegal register of roma criminals ( and their families , including 52 toddlers ) that caused the police to get quite a lot of negative media coverage proves that etnicity is indeed recorded on occasion . 
  what would the benefit be though ? 
  i mean , it seems to me that in many cases ethnicity would be a far more inaccurate tool for the police to use compared to nationality . 
  a `` practice '' ? 
  no , i would n't say that , though it probably happens on rare occasions . 
  thankfully , whenever the media get suspicious the police is often heavily criticised and forced to explain themselves . 
  without having read these stories i can not say whether they are actually true or not . 
  but considering the tales that are usually spread about sweden nowadays and who are spreading them ... then no , most of them are probably not true , no . 
  of course . 
  why would n't there be ? 
  and even then it 's basically only canada . 
   it 's sad to watch people living in a fantasy . 
  then why browse t_d ? 
  same . 
  do n't mind . 
  the witcher 3 : wild hunt may be the best game i 've ever played and the absolute template for i want in a single-player fantasy rpg ( the genre i love the most ) . 
  if the elder scrolls , dragon age and other similar series could draw inspiration from that game i would be immensely happy . 
  but the game that will always have a place in my heart is without a doubt heroes of might and magic iii . 
  very well , considering they hail from the middle east . 
  generally considered amongst the most integrated of all arab immigrant groups . 
  i can still remember boris johnson after the results came out and everyone were taking in what had happened . 
  while farage and the like were extatic , boris seemed as if he thought `` this was not supposed to happen . 
  this was not supposed to happen ! '' . 
  made me realize the united kingdom might be in for some turbulent times ( more than otherwise , at least ) . 
  sweden has thankfully been spared the true crazy douchebags it would seem to me . 
  [ kent ekeroth ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/kent_ekeroth ) would be the most scumbag politician in the swedish riksdag right now , imo . 
  he 's a relative small fry , being spokes-person for sd 's justice policy , but i personally think he seems like a complete piece of shit and an idiot . 
  he 's recently been found guilty of assault during a night out and is noted to have had several other questionable interactions during his nights out . 
  and that 's aside from coming off as a racist conspiracy theorist . 
  aside from him , i also despise [ mona sahlin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mona_sahlin ) due to her coming off as utterly corrupt . 
  agree with you fully . 
  the norm is definitly not tipping , at least not in my part of the country . 
  i would welcome them if they ever actually fulfilled the criteria for joining . 
  until then erdogan and his fanclub can go fuck goats . 
  we are taught a little about judaism in school , but not extensively , and since there are n't that many jews in sweden ( nor has been that many historically ) most do n't seem have much of an opinion on jews in general . 
  that 's said our opinions on the israel-palestine issue is divided and complex , just like the issue itself . 
  personally i think the israelis and palestinians all seem to be a bunch of dickwads ... or at least their leaders and politicians seem to be . 
  in terms of how the our style of governing works i am very pleased . 
  unicameralism with proportional distribution of seats representative off the number of votes a political party recieves , no voting for the head of state ( since it 's the king ) , the head of government is picked by coalition forming in the parliament with the position usually given to the leader of the largest party ... yes , overall i 'm very happy with how the swedish governing works . 
  only thing i 'd change would be lowering the election threshold ( which currently lies at 4 % ) in order to make the riksdag even more representative of the swedish voters while also giving smaller parties a better chance of influencing swedish politics . 
  as for my opinion on the current government ... meh . 
  i ` ts not that i 'm opposed to social democratic or green politics , it 's just that i consider the current government to give off an impression of lackluster incompetence . 
  the opposition is probably even worse though , so at least that 's a bright spot . 
  bought a new pair just a couple days ago . 
  great when you just want to slip something on in order to leave the house for a short stroll . 
  not something i 'd wear when going into town though ( i live in a rural area ) . 
  love it . 
  the czech republic just sounds wrong , at least to my swedish ears . 
  just look : rum\u00e4nien = romania . 
  makedonien = macedonia .
