  albanien = albania . 
  serbien = serbia . 
  tjeckien = ... the czech republic ? 
  wait , what ? 
  [ no they are n't . 
  ] ( http://media.comicbook.com/uploads1/2014/10/archer-109103.jpg ), 
  canada , australia or new zealand . 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/007/508/watch-out-we-got-a-badass-over-here-meme.png ), 
  the ribbing will likely be good-natured . 
  borders are virtually nonexistent to organized crime . 
  those folks go where they please and blieve they can make a profit . 
  not really . 
  being a swede ( in a non-ethnic context ) has different criteria imo . 
  new zeeland get 's mu vote . 
  seems like such a beautiful country . 
  and not awfully different from sweden either ( e.g. 
  it 's still a western country ), 
  former yugoslavs makes up the sixth largest group of foreign-born in sweden though . 
  some 67.000 people . 
  so there sure were a lot who flew far away . 
  how about [ g\u00f6ran lindberg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%b6ran_lindberg ) , a police commisioner who was a notable advocate for gender equality within the force , but was sentenced to prison when it was revealed he was also a serial rapist who brutally raped on young prostitutes , including one wo was 14 years old . 
  he was put in prison in 2010 and was released this year . 
  lovely fellow that one . 
  the dubs for the old disney movies like the lion king were absolutely spot on . 
  still , prefer subs . 
  swedes are generally quite cold towards stranger . 
  we 'll help you if you need help , but do n't expect warmth and friendliness until we get to know you better . 
  underwear is the preferred dress in my household ( with or without anything to cover the torso ) , but walking around in the nude is n't frowned upon as long as it 's kept to moderate amounts and inside the house . 
  the second and third from the left are standing to close imo . 
  they are still turkish nationals though , are n't they . 
  same as the eta were spanish nationals though ethnically basque . 
  i personally prefer british over american though , and since studying english at university it 's what i personally uses . 
  my english teacher in university ( i took advanced courses ) told me that swedes are taught british english in school , but since we are exposed so much to american media much of our english is americanized . 
  we often speak a mixture of british and american when adults , often without us knowing . 
  the kurds . 
  exluding them and grouping all other rebels under one banner is rather foolish . 
  the syran civil war is incredibly complex . 
  well , in my little part of sweden we usually wait until we have caught three thieves . 
  then we dip one in a barrel of blood , one in a barrel of honey and one in a barrel of fish before throwing the thieves down into a bearpit where we have confined a freshly caught bear . 
  we then take bets on which thief the bear decides to eat first . 
  it 's all in good fun of course . 
  i worry about all populist parties , but particularily those who embrace and promote nationalism and/or xenophobia . 
  pis and fidesz are no exceptions . 
  what is this religion thing y' all is talking ` bout ? 
  seriously though , sweden is very non-religious . 
  one of the least religious nations in the world i 'd say , particularily amongst younger generations who do n't care at all . 
  the older generations are a little more conscious and has more respect for religion , but even amongst them i 'd say that having genuine faith is quite rare . 
  despite that about two thirds of our population are members of the lutheran church - but only because before 1996 all children born in sweden with at least one parent being a member of the church automatically became a member of the church as well . 
  immigrants are of course a different matter . 
  we have a lot of immigrants from areas were religion are practiced . 
  these are quite few compared to the large number of atheists , agnostics , apatheists in the native population however . 
  we respect personal space a lot . 
  hence why we do n't talk to strangers unless we have to and keep a respectful distance as often as we can . 
  less reserved individuals can be interpreted as intrusive and obnoxious , rather than friendly . 
  british politics has turned into an extremly exiting drama series since brexit . 
  it 's like a trainwreck happening in slow motion - horrifying , but i ca n't avert my eyes . 
  hope things will get sorted out for you fellas though . 
  here you go : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fika_ ( sweden ), 
  right now it 's grrm . 
  if you believe turkmenistan is anything but a dictatorship then you are deluded . 
  slapping the term `` democratic '' on something does n't make it so . 
  last time i looked the heads of state of the united kingdom , sweden , norway and denmark did n't have anything but symbolic powers and no actual influence over how the country is governed . 
  yes , it 's safe . 
  europe is one of the safest and healthiest continents on earth , and the chance of ending up in a terrorist attack ( which i presume you were refering to ) is extremely low . 
  ending up a victim of other crimes is relatively small as well . 
  nationalism is not about supporting the government . 
  nationalism is about whole-heartedly supporting the nationstate , the country , the culture , the national identity . 
  patriotism is similar but more focues on supporting the state or the government rather than the nation . 
  so if it indeed is true as you say , that the average americans hate the government yet might love the country , then they would be nationalistic rather than patriotic . 
  the norwegians are stupid and lazy . 
  danskj\u00e4vlarna are sly gits who ca n't speak proper swedish and are always trying to give mighty sweden a wedgie or steal scania when we are n't looking . 
  that would be insanity . 
  legally getting a handgun requires strict checks and tests . 
  donald trump appears to us like a crazy homeless person which someone has dressed up in a suit . 
  thus he gets by far the most attention , and it boggles people 's mind why anyone would vote for him . 
  hillary clinton and bernie sanders are more palatable , since the democrats far more in line with swedish politics ( though still quite far to the right on the political spectrum ) . 
  it 's usually summed up in a few short sentances somewhere in school , if touched upon at all : `` china and japan were fighting . 
  then japan fucked up by bombing pearl harbor in 1941 . 
  then japan were fighting the usa as well . 
  then the usa dropped the atomic bomb on nagasaki and hiroshima in 1945 . 
  cue the end of the second world war . '', 
  and then we skip to things more relevant to sweden . 
  damn !, 
  got ta fix that !, 
  that said , being capable of ordering a bear in spanish seems like it would be a fine skill . 
  swede here . 
  english was mandatory up to grade 11 for me . 
  do n't know is that is still the case , though up to grade 9 seem likely . 
  also had to choose between having a course in german , french , spanish or supplementary english though 6th to 9th grade . 
  picked spanish , can still introduce myself , say how old i am , and order a beer in spanish . 
  also know how to call someone else a `` whore '' . 
  in highschool one could choose to go courses in various languages . 
  ca n't remember which , though i suspect german , french and spanish might 've ben options , possibly along with japanese and mandarin . 
  not sure though . 
  also our school had an international baccalaureate program where everyone spoke english . 
  edit : beer not bear, 
  in the same place as it is now i hope . 
  imagine the tectonic movement required to move sweden somewhere else . 
  actually , he is n't . 
  mediaeval is kinda old-fashioned though .
