  there 's a lot of problems ( civil servants have a special prime , which creates higher prices , the region is sometimes forgotten in national debates ) , but that france do n't want the people is , well , false . 
  a part of her movement support gay people ( the vice-president is gay ) , another part is vehemently anti-gay . 
  in the end , it will be a power struggle to find whose opinion will prevail . 
  you say that because they spoke german just like the bad guys in wwii movies ? 
  they 're not nazis then , they 're just german , it 's their language . 
  when 's the referendum happening ? 
  i 'm tired of listening to him . 
   what happen when one the 5th/6th richest country in the world border one of the poorest on earth ? 
  moreover , mayotte and the comoros used to be the same country , sometimes with extended families across the islands . 
  and the comoros do n't really recognized mayotte as french ( despite several referendums in mayotte ) . 
  it 's another reason why the immigration between those two places is so high . 
  just to point that spain is n't the only country where traditions of animals fights are still legal and that bulls are not the only victims . 
  in north of france , we still have cock fighting ( not the porn thing !, 
  ) , because of tradition thanks darwin , young people are not interested by that and the law is quite restrictive ( if you operate an arena since before the law , you 're allowed to continue , but new arenas ca n't be opened ) . 
  so it 's dying . 
  the ue is protectionist because it did n't put america first . 
  technically , are n't all humans animals ? 
  are you joking ? 
  that 's for what the french foreign legion was made , hiring 15m tall monsters with massive sword and laser eyes . 
   what if he was 15 meters tall , was swinging a massive sword and shooting lasers out of his eyes , while holding a bag full of babies as a hostage !? 
  then what ? 
  then we would say `` ok , mate , you can keep the babies , but our military is currently hiring . 
  are you interested in a job ? 
  you should study economics . 
  i did , albeit at a minor level , and what you say is either untrue or acknowledged . 
  if i had to give my opinion , it would be 3vs0 . 
   do n't pretend that these metrics are `` neutral '' . 
  they are chalked full of political content . 
  what one chooses to include - or leave out - of the models has a massive effect on what those models will tell you . 
  by choosing to count unemployment the way they do , leaving out huge swaths of people as they do , they are playing a game with a political end . 
  which is something obvious for every economist . 
  the tories ca n't really meddle with this statistics , short of demanding that the ons fake them . 
  the ` official ' definition of unemployment is based on a definition made by the international labour office and the numbers must be obtained by a survey . 
  so even kicking people off unemployment support should n't influence it . 
  there 's a great advantage : everyone has the same definition , so it makes sense to compare unemployment rates in the uk , the us , germany or poland . 
  there 's a problem : to be unemployed , you must not have work even an hour the last week . 
  so people with a very little part-time or with zero-hour contracts are not counted as unemployed , even if they do n't earn enought to live . 
  and also , disconnected youth is not unemployed if it 's not looking for a job . 
  video ? 
  was it europe or the radio stars ? 
  everything has been going wrong since prehistory . 
  we still manage to make it work . 
  yes , it 's asking clearly what it wants and why . 
  therefore a negociation can begin ( and it 's open to public , almost everything is on their website ) . 
  the uk government has n't done that . 
  but if the greek government wields , it may also be replaced by a more nationalist opposition . 
  it 's always the problem with those situations : the price often goes to the more pig-headed person . 
  which only incite to be more pig-headed the next time . 
   but the macedonian nationalist sentiment and obsession with their view of history is not going to change i disagree , if the government was motivated , i 'm pretty sure it could bend the nationalist sentiment with time . 
   if you take out the nationalist sentiment , this dispute does n't really have any practical motivation at all . 
  but continuing the dispute will actually have negative implications , especially when it comes to security . 
  it will have negative implications for both countries . 
  so why one should wield rather than the other ? 
  one reason he was the least worst was because he was unabashedly pro-eu ( it 's not the only one , sure ) . 
  france is n't as pro-eu as macron , but the anti-eu parties did n't do great either : the two main anti-liberal candidates , le pen and melenchon , did n't clearly say they wanted a frexit . 
  the only candidate campaining clearly ( and almost only ) on frexit , asselineau , made around 1 % . 
  so . . a mixed review . 
  one thing is sure : the eu needs reforms . 
  `` which ones ? '', 
  is the big question . 
   but ... just for the record ... we did openly fund , discretly bribe , covertly threaten , & publically encourage you to band together too ... well , thank you . 
  and thank you for the marshall plan , it helped . 
  what macron said is not exactly what the title says . 
  he just said he convinced trump to think twice about the paris agreement , he said nothing about trump 's decision . 
  have you ever read what people in paris said on century about people in britanny ? 
  it was some breibart-level stuff . 
   i made both really . 
  the only reason to have them is the economic argument . 
  so i said the cultural damage matters first , and then when you said prejudice is the only reason to keep them out i added that the economic argument is silly for refugees , the main reason is humanitarian , not economical . 
  for working migrants , the main reason is economical and ... well , it 's not silly . 
  they 're working , they pay taxes and produce wealth . 
   and actually , it 's based on very sound reasoning unless you think these guys will be paying for any pensions or maintain the welfare state so before it was a cultural argument and now it 's an economical one ? 
  you know that jumping from one argument to another does n't make a strong case , do n't you ? 
   you 're being a pedant btw . 
  pointing out our current diversity doesnt justify adding even more alien people i 'm not being pedant , i 'm proving your argument wrong . 
  now , you can still refuse more migrants , but it will be based on your prejudices and not based on a sound reasoning . 
  an american and a french have a debate on which country is greater ( of course , they both agree it 's either france or the usa ) . 
  the american starts and reminds the french of wwi and wwii : `` without our help against the nazis , you 'd be speaking german today '' . 
  the french replies `` and without our help during the independance war , you 'd be speak english ! '' . 
   reminder , homogeneity is proven to work in europe . 
  we have nice societies . 
  til our societies where homogeneous before the migrants crisis ... 
  i mean , in france , before before the migration waves from sub-saharian africa and maghreb , even before the migration waves from italy and poland , you could n't say that britanny , alsace , paris , flanders , the basque country where culturally homogeneous . 
  they are more now than before , because people move , marry one another , study . 
  notwithstanding my opinion on brexit ( a sad day , but maybe it will an asset for the eu without england dragging her feet ) , her majesty 's government is n't handling the negociations and i 'm more and more afraid that we will reach march 2019 without a deal . 
  should such a situation happens , it would be shitshow , and yet i do n't think the eu should accept a subpar agreement just because may , johnson and davis did n't take the issue seriously . 
  they could go whistle . 
   well , to be fair , this was the statement of many historians for decades . 
  it 's a recent shift from the traditionnal ` vichy state was n't legitimate and only a puppet state ' point of view . 
  it 's not really a recent shift , chirac said something similar in 1995 ( in french : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/discours_de_jacques_chirac_du_16_juillet_1995_au_v%c3%a9lodrome_d%27hiver ) . 
  it 's sometimes badly received for two reasons : the far right because it emphasize the atrocities their ideological ancestors commited . 
  and the gaullist right because of the myth that during world war ii , de gaulle was the true leader of a free and fighting france . 
  what 's funny is that vend\u00e9e is quite catholic , but is also where the hellfest , france biggest metal festival , takes place . 
  every year , some hardcore catholics try to ban the festival ( except the year we passed the same-sex marriage law , they were occupied somewhere else ) . 
  well , if you mashthe potatoes and add a bit of milk , an egg yolk and some nutmeg ... 
  i 'll have to thing about it . 
  thanks !, 
  interesting stuff , now i have to look for japanese prefecture flags . 
  rather nice . 
  is there an explaination of the different flags ?
