   maybe people will call it `` the merkel room '' . 
  well , i 'm outraged because it 's clearly illegal . 
  i 've no problem with discrimination in private matters ( i discriminate on gender for my romantic partners ) . 
  invitation-based discrimination is a gray-area and i wo n't make sweeping judgements about it . 
  then it 's not really a public event . 
  well , in a foreign country , where you do n't know the language , the culture and the news , what you did was the best answer . 
  but it 's illegal to refuse to serve someone based on its gender . 
   i think that in order to combat racism , we should also adopt segregated schools , segregated hair saloons , segregated drinking fountains ... countries ? 
  ( / s too , obviously ), 
  well , segregation usually does n't involve private matters . 
  i mean , if you prefer to have sexual intercourses with a given sex/gender , it 's technically segregation , but it 's never been described as segregation ( not by serious people at least ) . 
  well , france elected a new guy * because * she needs reforms and the old politicians were reluctant do pass them . 
   so we will replace poor unemployed people with poor working people . 
  and we will make people with low qualifications poor . 
  if the wages drop , the media wage will drop . 
  so it will be harder to be poor . 
  and even if i did n't like the name , i know better than making fun of a nuclear submarine ... 
  month man will save us . 
  that 's a kind of war i could support . 
  no casualities but egos . 
  america fourth . 
  we should just hire martin sheen or kevin spacey and pretend one of them is the real potus . 
  i 'd accept , just for the pleasure of seeing farage living in the eu and using euros to buy his * baguette * every morning . 
  and if you do n't want to give us obama , you 're good negociators , because we 're still ready to give you le pen . 
  nothing surprising , 72 % of the stats you can found on the internet are completely made up . 
  do n't have data here , but he did n't lose much his voter base . 
  but , unlike other presidents right after their elections , almost all of those who did n't vote trump hate him . 
   what a pussy if it were , trump would have grab it with much more energy . 
  because we 're on the internet , the kingdom of memes and kitten videos . 
  so the handshake is trending not because it 's important , but because it 's funny . 
  that 's because , unlike his ideas , the way he uses handshakes is consistent . 
  there 's nothing fun with dominating a low-energy old man with no stamina . 
  ( well , karolus , according to his monogram ) ( but yes , indeed . 
  in france , he 's called charlemagne . 
  weird things happen with language and history ), 
   there may be a surplus of incompetence around the wh right now but do n't pin this on trump . 
  the american media are like vultures ( the british media too , tbh ) . 
  the race to be first has destroyed them . 
  at least , it 's the media 's job to report information . 
  the problem here is not the media , it 's the wh people with top secret clearance blabbing to the media . 
  what worker rights were scrapped in the mid 70 's , where the economy started to lose its dynamism ? 
  and on the other hand , check the laws on safety at work since the 70 's . 
   in the meanwhile , since neo-liberalism , the last generation was the first of mankind whose children have had worse living conditions than the generation of their parents . 
  except all the generations who lived through starvation , epidemy or wars . 
   also , your conception of work management could perfectly fit with slavery . 
  unlikely , since i have n't said anything about my conception of work management . 
  the very i said ( that life employment may not be the most efficient system ) is actually the opposite of slavery . 
  well , the last decades showed it did n't work that well . 
  i understand what you 're saying , a solution where we all have enough money to live a nice little life would be great . 
  but an even greater solution would be a solution that works . 
   why ca n't we structure our economy around worker happiness , stability and good labour conditions and good wages rather than pure sheer numbers of gdp and low debt ? 
  because birds do n't bring to me a basket of food every morning . 
  a lot of historical ( and geographical ) names are translated . 
  in france , it 's `` pierre le grand '' for example . 
  it 's not really wrong , it 's just how the language is ( as long as we remember that it 's not the original name ) . 
  neither to alexander , nor to charles . 
  and well , despite the tensions , putin is the president of a country with whom france has a long ( and sometimes troubled ) history . 
  he deserves to be welcome as such . 
  besides , there 's an event in versailles to celebrate peter the great , who came to visit france 300 years ago , in 1717 . 
  so it fits . 
  i apology then . 
   it 's just that those days , being critical of where the information comes from is a good idea . 
  even if sometimes , you 're needlessly critical . 
  i do n't think we 're desensitized . 
  it 's more stoicism ( maybe not that noble , but still ) . 
  terrorists are several purposes : firstly scaring us , making us forsake our liberties , our values , secondly creating tensions between the west and muslims , to create radicalization and increase their base . 
  what can we do against that ? 
  the most obvious solution is not forsaking our values . 
  sure , our intelligence services will do their job , but we , as a society , have to endure and keep what makes us better than those narrow-minded integrists . 
  why whould people fear a non-permanent working contract if they can find another job when fired ? 
  that 's pretty much the problem here : we 're trying to compare a fifty-year old situation and now and we 're applying the same solutions , while the situations are different . 
  i do n't like a number of things in macron 's project . 
  but trying to live in the past wo n't work , because we 're not in the past . 
  by the way , is that even a real tweet ? 
  because it 's not on his official twitter account ( https://twitter.com/jlmelenchon?lang=fr ) and in the picture , the account does n't seem to be verified . 
  edit : i apology , i was over-suspicious and a bit dumb . 
   do n't worry , it 's not contagious . 
  i think your second sentence answers the first one . 
  absolutely no idea . 
  bit m\u00e9lenchon sometimes has weird ideas regarding international relationships . 
  one of the two will happen , eventually . 
  latin or death !, 
  funny thing related to that : the letter w is called * double v * in french , but * double u * in english . 
  like most great events in history , the french revolution brought greatness and tragedies . 
  well , it 's a common defense : be the first to accuse someone else of what you did . 
  like a kid who just broke something will say `` it 's the cat !, 
  i 'd be surprised if she speak more than french and simple english . 
  and , well , she 's already busy trying to stay the leader of her party . 
  i thought the joke was donald j. trump . 
  that 's what i said in the second paragraph : the bmi is a very basic indicator and is not enough for a specific person . 
  however , statistically , the bmi makes sense . 
  now , we can bet on how many months before he quits . 
  you can easily be obese without being a `` ham planet '' ( i did n't know the term and i do n't really like it ) . 
  based on the body mass index ( a very rough , basic , but easy to calculate method ) , you 're overweighted if your bmi is above 25 and moderately obese if it 's above 30 ( of course , it 's not a real diagnostic . 
  people with a lot of muscles may be falsely identified as overweighted . 
  but statistically , it 's a good indicator ) . 
  so , for someone whose height is 1.80 m , he 's overweight if he 's above 81kg . 
  and obese if he 's above 97kg . 
  it 's easy to reach those weights . 
  damned , i thought there 's was a lot of overweight people here .
