  you 're very probably right , we will see disagrements , but not for the next months ( that 's why macron wants to pass his labour law as soon as possible ) and it 's not always a bad thing ( the legislative power should not be the pet of the executive power ) . 
   also , i do n't see the point of this objection given that current fire-fighting is not exempt from them . 
  in your idea , you would need explosions and water/foam , for the same result we have today with water/foam . 
  except if the captain of the firefighting unit is michael bay , i do n't see the point . 
  from orbit !, 
  it 's the only way to be sure . 
  detonations would n't work on large-area fires . 
  firstly , the principle is to move suddenly the fire from the combustible , but with a forest fire , you will just move the fire toward another combustible ( and it will come back * really * quick ) . 
  secondly , there a thing with wood you do n't have with gas or oil : embers . 
  what 's banned by the human rights declaration is making some stateless , without a nationality . 
  but there 's not european nationality , technically , because there 's not nation called europe ( or eu ) . 
  there 's a european citizenship , defined by maastricht and amsterdam , but it 's defined as `` every person holding the nationality of a member state shall be a citizen of the union . 
  citizenship of the union shall be additional to and not replace national citizenship . '' . 
  if a country is n't a member state anymore , i do n't think it will apply . 
  i guess any explaination that does n't blame muslims will be speculation for you . 
  not really . 
  it 's unemployment . 
  the common stance in france , among the macron supporters i know , is pretty much what you say , with more optimism : for now , he gave good signs , but it 's useless if he does n't deliver . 
  one explaination for the high number in france ( amon others ) : since the bataclan , the * \u00e9tat d'urgence * is on and it 's much easier to arreste people in terrorism cases . 
  does n't mean there 's as many people tried or convicted . 
  the french far-right is discouraged and dishearted , nothing more . 
  the will do a low score in sunday 's elections , but the threat is still strong . 
  the only way to solve it is to improve significantly the situation . 
  macron may be the one who will succeed , but only time will tell . 
  that mainly , but also the social safety net . 
  which is a two-edged tool , because it reduced the effect of the crisis , but also impeded the recovery . 
  ther 's often less lurid and more informative than tv . 
  an understandable mistake . 
  nobody expect the germans not working while the frenchs do . 
  no , because we do n't care about english and american tourists getting lost underground . 
  but it 's written in french , so the kids have no excuses . 
  besides , there 's no electrolytes in water . 
  they 're not open to the public . 
  i mean , it would be like to open a manhole , explore the sewers and get lost . 
  would the city be sued ? 
  or would the judge say `` guys , why did you open a manhole and then enter the sewers ? 
  not ther sharpest knifes of the drawer , are you ? '', 
  i 'm a simple man : i see farage , i downvote . 
  it 's unlikely the city is guilty of anything , here . 
  the public part of catacombs is really secure , no way to get lost inside . 
  more likely , the kids wanted to experiment some urban exploration , but forgot the rule 1 : bring a guide . 
  it 's about foreign-ness , i think . 
  when you add something , you create movement , turbulences . 
  but i do not think those turbulences are bound to grow , in fact most often they tend to rest . 
  in france , since some others in this thread have said i 'm french ( it 's true ) , i think the problem with our latest waves of immigration is the sloppy economy , not religion or skin colour . 
  it prevents the migrants from having a real job , climbing the social ladder and then integrating in the society ( well , a lot of migrants succeed , but not enough ) . 
  that 's why the first step ( in france , i wo n't speak about other countries ) is to fix the economy , not to wage a lost battle against migration . 
  that 's also why i think macron was a much much better choice than le pen in our last presidential elections ( well , it 's not the only reason , but it 's one of them ) . 
  do you have some names of good canadian cheese , by the way . 
  not industrial crap , but a big enough production to be available in some european cheese-shops ? 
  i have to say i 'm not knowledgeable at all on canadian cheeses . 
   i do n't think people who drink soy milk think it comes from cows . 
  never underestimate the stupidity of some people . 
   old school migration was regional , with similar cultures and ethnicities not really . 
  you can look at italian or polish migrations in france at the beginning of the xxth century . 
  they were described as foreign , with another culture , unable to blend in . 
  it was actually harsher than what we have today . 
  now , they 're completely integrated ( for a long time ) and the main reminder is the last name . 
  it worked for north korea , now it 's the new garden of eden . 
  so why not for hungary ? 
   replace population with people from another country it 's been done for at least five millenaries . 
  well , a common and efficient way to boost a demography : migrants . 
  there 's no shortage of them currently . 
  in france , an individual smoke detector per appartment/house is required ( i 'm not sure about huge house . 
  i 'd like to know , but i only have a small appartment ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's a eu regulation , but it gives some leeway to the national governments to implement it . 
  we 're speaking about croissants here . 
  serious business . 
  we may just invade !, 
  every time there would be a small problem with the eu ( and there 's always problems , when you work with 27 other countries , because each one has its favourite solution ) n someone would remind us that uk did n't want to belong to the eu . 
  the only doable way would be to make a second referendum and have `` come back '' to win . 
   how can the macron campaign have been so easy to hack after what happened to the clinton campaign ? 
  phishing is very easy and very effective because it aims at the weakest link of the chain : the user . 
  well , maybe the documentary was not up to the standards of arte . 
  being broadcasted in not a right . 
  one of the big reasons : macron did n't have to find districts for his former mps since he did n't have former mps ( well , some joined in , but not all of them ) . 
  he had to find new candidates , with no previous mandate . 
  thus it 's easier to find half men , half women . 
  no , it 's a character from the 1984 movie hyperspace ( or gremlords or gremloids ) , a star wars parody . 
   a mistake from my point of view . 
  it 's bloody expensive to create * and * to maintain . 
  racial theories from the xixth century have been debunked by genetics . 
  so i do n't have any answer to the question . 
  at first , i thought it was lord buckethead . 
  good luck , british fellows . 
   he has also declared his readiness to rule by presidential decree , bypassing parliamentary democracy , `` for the sake of speed and efficiency . '' he knows first-hand the costs of such a strategy , however . 
  in 2016 , hollande forced through unpopular labor reforms , with macron 's support , sparking months of sometimes-violent civil unrest and strikes . 
  an imprecision and a mistake . 
  * the imprecision : macron indeed said he will pass the labour law by decree ( or more accurately * ordonnance * ) , but only the labour law . 
  it was the core of his campaign , so he considers he 's legitimate to do it . 
  the way passing a law by decree works , he will need two votes of the assembly : one to start working on the decree , one to ratify the decree , so he 's not by-passing the government * the mistake : hollande ( or rather valls , the pm ) did n't used * ordonnance * . 
  he used a law called * 49.3 * that says to the assembly `` the government will propose a law . 
  if the assembly does n't vote it , the government resigns '' . 
  it was seen as a way to force a law through the assembly . 
  most of them are half-thought . 
  for example blasting kids into space would require a lot of energy , not really compatible with the paris agrement . 
  we have to remember that it 's a comedy show . 
  they do their homework , but it 's just comedy , not journalism . 
  the only problem i have is not with john oliver ( i like him , as a comedian ) , but with people saying `` why do n't journalists just do that ? '' . 
  well , because , as entertaining as it is , it 's not journalism , it 's comedy .
