  and those who speak english for a living would vote macron no matter what ( just look how french voters living in the usa voted ) . 
  traditionally , there 's a two day media blackout the eve and the day of the election . 
  so the media could n't speak about it . 
  it 's probably intentionnal that the leak has been revealed just a few hours before the start of the blackout , by the way . 
  not really . 
  just like chirac in 2002 , he has a high mandate because he was against a racist party , not because he 's supported by a vast majority of the population . 
  it was described in 2002 as the republican front : no matter your politicial stance , you vote against le pen because he 's le pen . 
  in 2017 , the republican front did n't work as well , but it 's still the main reason why macron won by 66 % -34 % . 
  so do n't read too much behind the figures . 
  what 's matter to know if macron will have free hands is the parliament elections in june . 
  good luck ... 
  i 'd choose merkel over le pen as a french president any day . 
  well , the cartoon was right , we 're stronger if we unite . 
  or from the 80 's , apparently . 
  you 've never read charlie hebdo , have you ? 
   you say that as if you were n't already uppity towards us in the first place !, 
  it would have been hard to continue , had we elect le pen . 
   is it mon ami if i 'm not aware of the gender ? 
  yes , usually , use masculine in french when you 'd use neutral . 
  but i wo n't be upset by the feminine . 
   opinions ? 
  you 're right . 
  le pen 's score is not about the migrants crisis , although it did n't help . 
  it 's about the sluggish economy and the lack of democracy . 
  most of the work must be done on a national level , but i think if the eu does n't change a significant number of things ( on the way it 's governed , on the harmonisation between countries ) , it will explode in ten years . 
  you realize we voted for macron just so we could get uppity towards the uk and you , do n't you ? 
  you may not know it , but if they could , charlie hebdo 's cartoonists would crawl out of their graves to vote * against * marine le pen . 
  most of them are people who do n't beleive mainstream politicians any more . 
  so they vote for what 's left : the extrems . 
  i really hope macron will bring a new life in mainstream politics and a new hope for those people . 
  otherwise , 2022 will be 2017 with a bad ending . 
  i still refuse to believe the real trump is n't . 
  no more hastags ? 
  no more cartoons ? 
  thank you , t_d , that 's the greatest gift you could give to celebrate the event . 
   le pen 's party was the only party to claim leaving the e.u. 
  not exactly . 
  a few small candidates , like asselineau , were also against europe . 
  and m\u00e9lenchon was ... 
  lets say his plan was that the eu should follow france 's whishes or he would leave it . 
  a passive-aggressive anti-eu . 
  when i was speaking with american people , during that time , i used to say freedomland insteand of france and freedomers instead of french people . 
  it was fun . 
  and now , she will be able to face justice . 
   ( well , her immunity need to be lifted , but i think it will ), 
  t_d is like a window on bizarro world . 
  historically , it 's been true . 
  of course , things change , the party is ` normalized ' so the behaviour of its voters may also be less atypical . 
  and the debate this week had hurt her credibility . 
  based on the imperial system . 
  i think it 's much more enjoyable when the future of my country is n't at stake . 
  but i know what your mean . 
  unlikely until 20:00 . 
  the media blackout apply to the candidates too , so they ca n't speak now . 
  the official first results . 
  the official official results will be known in the night or tomorrow morning ( two weeks ago , it stalled at 97 % for a long time ) . 
  however , if the gap is large , we can trust the first results . 
  wait , are you saying a three-month-old baby is posting on reddit ? 
  some people on the far left do n't think a former banker is a lesser evil than le pen . 
  yesn they 're wrong , but they still have the right to abstain . 
  the first results give me a sense of relief rather than a sense of victory . 
  for france , it 's not a victory , we need to build it by improving economy and a less corrupt political life . 
  then it will be a victory . 
  as for the salt in the american duck , i rather pity them . 
  they do n't even understand the world in which they are living , no wonder they 're afraid and bitter . 
  we said * fake * news . 
  it 's in french , but belgian newspapers ( lesoir.be ) have usually a very good coverage of the elections . 
  and then cut off her head ? 
  do n't worry , german with its der/den/dem / des is a very good way of defense . 
  i 'm willing to adopt latin as eu official language to make it even more secure . 
  i hope he also has huge brass balls , because he will need some . 
  two big differences * the election is tomorrow * there 's a media blackout this week-end, 
  at one point , someone in the government will realize meps have immunity . 
  it 's been used once , in 1961 , when some generals tried to make a coup against de gaulle during the algerian independance war . 
  one point : it 's usual to have appointment with occupational medicine in a lot of jobs , even if the job involves sitting on a chair and typing on a computer . 
  it 's just expanded to the fashion industry , it 's created for it . 
  because they 're on the far right and want candidates from the far right in other countries , i guess ( 4chan used to be fun , but / pol / has always been a cesspool of racism ) . 
  just to feel validated in their choice . 
  they have n't thought that an `` america first '' policy and a `` france first '' policy wo n't work very well together . 
  not exactly . 
  before 2011 , they were part of the french overseas territories . 
  they were french , they voted for the president but they had more autonomy and not all of the rules ( for example they were linked , but did n't belong to the eu ) . 
  since 2011 , they 're a french department , so the same as any french department on mainland europe . 
   obama takes ads for macron so do n't pretend any of you care about foreign interference as it 's been said and repeated , the problem is not a foreign leader endorsing a candidate or a policy , that 's always been done . 
  the problem is a foreign leader covertly helping , often through legally dubious ways , a candidate . 
  so far , no smoking gun . 
  a guy from an alt-right website thought he found a life insurance , but it was just an insurance in case he did n't make more than 5 % in the first round of the election ( a technicality of the french law : reimbursement is much higher if you make 5 % or more ) . 
  so perfectly normal . 
  if the leakers are smart , they put a few fake news among a ton of real emails . 
  it will take some times to check everything and the media ca n't speak about it tomorrow and sunday . 
  the american alt-right is trying to influence sunday 's french elections with fake news . 
  one of the guys in 4chan ( probably in / pol / ) doctored a pdf to `` prove '' that macron has a bank account in the caiman islands . 
  he did it too quickly and forgot to merge some layers . 
  just to give our fellow europeans an example amon others of why the judges could n't agree with an neutral gender : we have a law on parity in elections whose language is ( very roughly translated ) `` the list of candidates must have the same number of candidate of each gender '' . 
  if the judges decide there 's now three genders , we will have to find more gender-neutral candidates for the next elections in june than there is intersex people in france . 
  well , at least we 'll have nice summer holydays . 
  well , they proved they existed . 
   i think they did both , it is on a few websites now . 
  actually , no . 
  the primary source is still 4chan .
