  the only piece of evidence is an electronic document from 4-chan . 
  i do n't see what could be a weakest piece of evidence ( except maybe a marian apparition ) . 
  you should realize in does n't make sense . 
  because for each person in a relationship with someone much older , there 's someone in a relationship with someone much younger . 
  i prefer to be naive than unfair and prejudiced . 
  just give us a proof , then . 
  i wo n't think someone is guilty of a crime just because of his job . 
  i think it 's indeed fake news . 
  nothing but a doctored picture supports it . 
  that the english version . 
  the american one will be `` we elected a tremedous president !, 
  best president in the world !, 
  you voted for failing president !, 
  sad !, 
  pathetic ! '' . 
  of course , i 'll wait the the results before bragging , i do n't want to jinx the election . 
  i will vote for macron , if only because it will allow me to get uppity with my british and american fellows . 
  i think a lot of people of the far-left were planning not to vote . 
  then they saw le pen in the debate and thought `` okay mate , i may hate macron 's liberal project , but there 's still a different between macron and * that * '' . 
  first reason : they had a bad relationship while they were in the same government . 
  second reason : valls is hated by a lot of people ( when he was prime minister , he forced some laws through the assembly and there 's a political price for that ) . 
  they may work together , if macron thinks what valls brings is worth the price ( he still a former prime minister and a leader on the left ) , but when valls said he was going to vote macron , macron did n't put it on his website ( unlike obama 's video ) . 
  le pen is not unpredictable : we know we 're fucked if she 's elected . 
  and she 's a very well tested opportunist , she even managed to steal money from the european parliament while being in favour of the end of europe . 
  people will be frustrated by macron ( if he wins ) next sunday at 8h01 pm . 
  that 's the way french politics work . 
  for everything else , it will depends a lot on the legislative elections in june and how the two `` classical '' parties ( ps and lr , who have been alternatively in power since decades ) will fare . 
  with all the political alliances , backstabing it involves . 
  i 'm sure he prefers obama 's support rather than valls ' or parisot 's supports . 
   if trump can get elected , so can someone who actually knows what she 's doing . 
  after the debate last night , i would n't put ms le pen in this category . 
  well ... 
  i doubt farage is seen as a leader outside england . 
  there 's a * away * missing in your sentence . 
   another foreign leader influencing the french election . 
  the problem has never been that foreign leaders or former leaders say they support one candidate . 
  as long as it 's done openly , as an information ( and a sign of international credibility ) for voters . 
  for example i 've no problem with putin endorsing the candidates trump or le pen . 
  i 've problem with everything else , done covertly . 
  like ms le pen , terrorists do indeed belong to the fear and hate mongers . 
  oh , wait , who 's the honorary president of the fn , marine 's party ? 
  that 's right , her father . 
  arlette laguiller disagrees . 
   ( for those wont do n't know her : she was on the left of the communist party and was candidate in every presidential election from 1974 to 2007 ), 
  that 's what we had in 2002 , with jean-marie le pen as the candidate of the fn and bruno m\u00e9gret as a dissident candidate . 
  le pen still went to the second round . 
  yes , she 's more taking back rather than gaining voters from m\u00e9lenchon . 
  and anyway , the uk has laws against importing rabid animals . 
  they may have the flag or the ip , the problem is they ca n't speak french . 
  so we have memes that do n't make sense at all on a grammatical level . 
  and when google translate is efficient , they do n't make sense on a political level ( as in `` even a die-hard fn activist would n't say that '' ) . 
  it 's annoying , nothing more . 
  i bow before your superior logic , take my upvote and my admiration !, 
  louis xiv disagrees . 
  what does one call `` uprising '' ? 
  because depending on the definition ( and the definition of the words used in the different countries ) , the study can mean very different things . 
  i do n't have a solution and i do n't blame anyone . 
  i 'm just stating a fact in a disillusioned way . 
   a shitty , 600 $ / month under-the-table gig and a lot of under-the-table jobs will hurt the society and the economy ( not a personal criticism , just an illustration of a vicious circle ) . 
  you 're trying to have a child ( through adoption ) or you 're trying to do humanitarian work ? 
  they are two different activities and confusing them will only hurt the kid . 
   is it really better to be a black person in europe than america ? 
  it depends on the place , it depends on the name , it depends on how the child is raised ( i do n't mean well/badly , i mean the cultural codes ) . 
  i mean , in the america , there 's will be a difference wether the child is the child of a lawyer in california or the child of an unemployed single mom in alabama . 
  and if macron wins , we 'll be buying cakes with euros . 
  the extrem-right manifestations also happen every year ( something to do with jeanne d'arc allegedly . 
  they should make a mash-up with theresa may , she also wants england out of continental europe ) . 
  this year , it 's up to eleven ( or thirteen ) because of the elections , but the dynamic is not new . 
   precisely because the police is seen as complicit in her being so high . 
  come one , black blocks and other extremists have always been rabidly anti-police , it has nothing to do with the results of the first round . 
   the level of what the french consider acceptable in terms of attacks by rioters is ... ... not homogeneous among the society , to say the least . 
  it 's not very distant . 
  tell that to the wookies or the ewoks . 
   yes , but that 's where they fucked up , if they are going that shes the daughter of vader the poster says `` i 'm my father '' . 
  so it 's clear she 's vader/jean-marie le pen . 
  so politically distant that he 's still the honorary president of the front national . 
  spoken like a true island !, 
   it is a display of frustration on germany 's influence in the eu more like `` it 's a display of frustration on germany 's success '' . 
   for me to see germany endorse any french leader even le pen is quite disturbing for me foreign leaders have done that forever . 
  the only advice i have if you want to sail in the mediterranean sea : bring a sheep in case you encounter a russian spy ship . 
  it can happen , if the abstention is high enough . 
  some on the far left prefer to have le pen president than voting for an ex-banker . 
  it 's not really true and it stands out on this graph : neither our dem nor our rep are on it ( if dem and rep are the two historical parties that have been in power for half a century in france ) . 
  with the electoral college , the campain would have been different , the political life would have been different . 
  it 's a bit like asking `` what would have been the score of this football match if we had used the american football rules ? '', 
  assuming americans and europeans have an equal probability of defecating in a shop , then you 're right , because walmart shops are more common in the usa than in europe . 
  it 's really hard to say who would have won . 
  because the campain strategies would have been different . 
  because the political life itself would be different . 
  the problem is less her program ( it 's just promises ) than her party . 
   well , technically , the us has more to gain at this point . 
  if the us had planned a secret operation to make assad look guilty and that it worked , you can be sure trump would have boasted about it on twitter . 
  apparently , yes , they 're this bad . 
  her father chose `` front national '' , which is also the name of a bunch of far-right leagues in the 30 's ( yes , it 's exactly what you think ) . 
  and in this case , it may not be a coincidence . 
  so she has no reason to be jealous . 
  in french : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/front_national_%28ann%c3%a9es_1930%29, 
  indeed , with macron the problem is he may not be able to follow his program . 
  on the other side , the problem with le pen is that she may be able to follow hers . 
  fillon was attacked because he was given ten of thousands euros worth of costum for `` no reason '' , not because he owned them .
