  relevant song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_bq5mstrom, 
  it 's not even really fancy . 
  i think a main meal is between 35 $ and 45 $ . 
  but it reminds people of ten years ago , when sarkozy ate at a fancier restaurant on election night . 
  it 's one of the strange things about france . 
  where two corrupt candidates did 20 % or more each . 
  i know that a green tie is a fashion faux-pas , but you do n't have to be that mean with this guy . 
  i prefer people avoiding eye contact than people staring at me ... 
  it 's so beautiful . 
  i 'd like to have thousands of them . 
  nice is one of those cities where old rich people go to have a sunny retirement . 
  and they vote mostly on the right . 
  i mean , we have 36 000 communes , some of them very tiny . 
  it 's too many to represent them , it would be unreadable . 
  it 's a town with 6000 inhabitants . 
  he 's not a profesional politician , he 's just taking time to manage the city and feels it 's not worth it whe other people have such different values . 
  he apologized later for being rude and said he will resign . 
   is she still in race for presidency , or is she running on behalf of a party and not as an `` individual candidate '' with a party backing ? 
  still in the race , it 's an `` individual candidate '' . 
  my hypotheses on the strategy : * she want 's to look has an individual who can federate voters and not the head of a specific party * she wants to create a buzz , so people speak about her and not about her opponent . 
  i doubt it will change anything . 
  marine le pen is too tightly associated with the fn . 
  username checks out . 
  the situation is quite exceptional as far as french presidential elections go . 
  so it 's harder for pollsters to have a reference point to correct the results they get . 
  there 's no reason to think they 're completely off the track , but everyone will be less anxious after the second round ( or much much more anxious , even if it 's really unlikely ) . 
  do n't underestimate them , french politics is only a small part of what they do n't know . 
  pushing for changes is one thing , making the changes happen is more difficult . 
  i hope he will have a clear majority in the assembly to allow those changes . 
  a lot of reasons , probably . 
  one of them being the east had old school industries ( steel , textile ... ) , the main victim of globalization . 
  it 's a very old sentence . 
  the oldest i found was napoleon ( he did n't use right and left , but it had the same meaning ) . 
  the numbers are clear : there 's more and more foreigners in the world . 
  too soon for estimates , we do n't even have the candidates ( since the strategy depends on the results of the election ) . 
  we should have more informations in the next weeks ( and we will have a bloodbath with the power struggles among the losing parties ) . 
   lock her up !, 
  we ca n't , she has imunity as a member of the european parliament . 
   why fillon ? 
  religion ? 
  nice and cannes are quiet , sunny cities . 
  with a lot of rich retired people . 
  who vote on the right . 
  extrem-center , maybe . 
  they 're just trying to protect democracy from the votes of the citizens . 
  it was a journalists-only event , i guess . 
  imigration and criminality i think . 
  for the imigration , it 's a bit special . 
  mayotte is part of the comoros islands , used to be part of the comoros colony but chose to stay french rather than to be independant . 
  and there 's a gap of wealth between mayotte and the comoros . 
  so you have a lots of migrants from the comoros to mayotte , because they share a common history and often have some sort of distant family connections . 
  for the criminality , it went up since mayotte became a departement . 
  i do n't know the situation well enough to say why . 
  well , he went to school with his step-daughter . 
  his parents were thinking he was dating her , not her mother . 
   macron is a weak man , a puppet of nwo putin , trump , brexit ... 
  it seems marine le pen is the puppet of the new nwo ... 
  melenchon and mlp are both anti-eu ( not the same kind of anti-eu ) , protectionist and are promisinf stuff to poor people ( except with mlp , it 's only for french poor people ) . 
  and as importantly , they 're seen as anti-system . 
  i 'm almost surprised it 's only 12 % . 
  and he was in the government . 
  also good for your network . 
  it must be very complicated to buy your bread . 
   i suppose the calais situation favors le pen in hauts de france , but is the grand est trying to keep german and belgian immigrants out ? 
  poverty and unemployment caused by deindustrialization in both cases ( the big ones being coal , textile and steel ) . 
  since his new proximity with sens commun or his attacks on judges and journalists , it 's hard to say he 's not . 
  it 's a bit difficult to find uglier and more bland names . 
  see you in ten days . 
  is it the same kadyrov that rules over chechenya , accused of murdering journalists and opponents and putting gays in camps ? 
   however , one should not forget about human dignity and political ethics even in the fight for president 's seat fillon forgot about all that stuff long before speaking about karabakh . 
  just to establish the character , he said yesterday ( or this morning maybe ) that in an interview , it was not the job of the journalists to decide what questions will be asked . 
  i wonder if they will awaken a dormant giant robot or find a super-powerful laser . 
  very intersting article even if they do n't !, 
  and what if it 's a lie ? 
  if someone eats the cake , then there 's someone around to witness it : the eater itself . 
  if i put a cake in a box and when i look , it 's been eaten , i 'm going to be pretty pissed . 
  it makes sense now , thanks . 
   it is seen almost as often as the french flag to be honest . 
  well , except in sport . 
  what 's the point of having a cake , then ? 
  it 's different , but it 's linked . 
  from the second link :  @martinvol j'existe is my project and it has nothing to do with these things except the je suis partout stuff . 
  wtf ? 
  i 'm sure ( well , i hope ) is coincidental , but `` je suis partout '' was a famous antisemitic , pro-nazi and collaborationist newspaper from the 30 's to the end of wwii ( it was shut down for very obvious reasons ) . 
  not the name i 'd choose for an ad campain . 
   it is hard to blame the surgeon in this , though . 
  i blame him for operating on a someone , especially a minor , without any medical need . 
   why always coming back to leaving ? 
  if we 'd want to leave we 'd go for a frexiter . 
  and the `` you 're blaming the eu '' thing is a bit of a low blow . 
  because plan a is unrealistic and plan b is leaving . 
  that 's why people think m\u00e9lenchon is a frexiter . 
   give papers ( \u2260 citizenship ) to working illegal migrants . 
  they wo n't be able to be exploited and wo n't drive wages down for everyone . 
  of course , they will !, 
  they will accept unpaid shitty jobs just to have papers . 
  so it wo n't better than the current situation ( where the same thing happens , but it 's illegal ) . 
   take our responsibility toward legitimate refugees . 
  we 're a 65 millions nation , we handled hundreds of thousands of migrants in the past , we should be able to do our part today . 
  well , the unemployment rate was n't the same .
