  if you give people jobs , i think they will integrate just fine . 
  if you do n't , they wo n't . 
   deal with the causes of migration : free-trade treaties : between that and the protectionism , melechon 's dream sounds more and more like a world where each country live in its own place , with as few contacts and exchanges with other countries as possible  wars : stop being passive or war-mongering and be aggressive on diplomacy to stop wars . 
  cute . 
  no one though of that before . 
   not surprised . 
  it was always a long shot for le pen 's party in a system designed to keep out outsiders . 
  two years ago , you would have say that macron would be the leader in the polls with a party he created from scratch , everybody would have laughed at you . 
  on the other hand , you have le pen , whose dynasty has been in politics since the 70 's and who 's using her job as a deputy to illegaly pay her party 's employees . 
  tell me who 's the outsider , now ? 
   reminder : macron is worse than useless on france 's real issue : demography . 
  `` demography '' is synonymous with `` brown foreigners '' now ? 
  and it 's probably true . 
  unless the next president does a very good job , it will be hard proving the front national answers are dumb until they try to apply them and fail . 
   i went to collage in the us then i got a job and visa via an internship . 
  the company went under in the recession . 
  i moved back to the uk and it is not the same place it was 10 years ago . 
  no man ever steps in the same river twice . 
  i hope senpai will notice him . 
  not even , it gives information about those who answered . 
  and it 's not a representative sample of the / r/europe population . 
  she 's not as shy when she 's stealing money from the european parliament , by the way . 
  the european flag is a political statement regarding our next french elections ( albeit an insignificant one , but i 'm lazy ) . 
  assuming we do n't elect an anti-eu president , i will revert back to the french flag afterwards . 
  i have a deep dislike for those fake polls . 
  : / well , we can ply with it as a game , but it 's not representative at all . 
  it 's a fancy word for emigrant , actually . 
   if it is there really is no excuse for not resaddling . 
  university is not free , but is still relatively cheap . 
  however , life is n't . 
  the problem would be paying your rent , your food , your clothes , those for your kids while you study ( and evening courses is not really an option ) . 
  and well , the fact that for a factory worker , going back to school is difficult from a mere academic point of view . 
  for uncertain results ( the unemployment rate is a bit high ) . 
  --  overlaps with the demographic of people whom constantly complain about younger generations/millennials and their tendancy to take time and experiment with different educations and different work trades . 
  you may project an american topic on a non-american situation here . 
   the reality is that most neighbors by far have friendly or neutral ties to russia and only us allied states have bad relations or russian retaliations for having western ties . 
  your choice . 
  i think that , unlike a lot of other countries , the evolution in china is positive . 
  it does n't mean the situation is good , human right abuses , corruption , pollution , it does exist . 
  but i think that china in 5 years will be in a better state ( including on the civil rights , although it wo n't be huge ) than now . 
  to be accurate , the picture should show the cow eating the imf banknotes . 
  libraries of europes is the best '' * of europe '' . 
   so immediately after the polls close , there will be no exit polls i think some voting stations close around 8pm ( in the biggest cities ) , so exit polls before that would be seen as an unfair influence . 
  and that means no partial results . 
  usually , at 8pm , the ritual is having the face of the two winners of the first round appearing on tv ( based on partial results of course , nothing official ) . 
  i ca n't tell how it works with the overseas departments and territories . 
   what are their roles in these elections ? 
  arthaud and poutou use the election as a loudspeaker for their messages , not to win the election ( and i think they would prefer a ` third round ' on the streets ) . 
  and they did n't do bad . 
  poutou especially managed to be provocative , anti-establishment ( accusing fillon and le pen of being corrupt * during * the debate ) so people listened to him even if they did n't take him seriously . 
  polls ca n't be published the day of the election and the day before . 
  we ca n't publish out-of-the-ballot polls until 8pm ( so usually , we go on belgian websites to know the trend ) . 
  let 's hope for hamon . 
  parties are reimbursed part of the cost of the campain if they do more than 5 % . 
   the anti-german thing is no old european antagonism that he 's presenting . 
  he wants germany to join him in his reform of the eu . 
  he does n't like the german hegemony inside the eu and in this guardian article the author is ignoring a known fact , germany is leading the eu . 
  m\u00e9lenchon wants that to stop and i kind of agree with that , there is no way the eu can function with a stronger and stronger germany giving orders to other countries and forcing them to do things . 
  not anti-german , as long as germany obey him without any reason . 
  sure , and le pen is not islamophobic , as long as muslims go to church every sunday . 
  well , it 's not really a poll , it 's a question on the internet , open to everyone . 
  the telegraph is a fool it means anything . 
  now , he just have to add `` turkey ! '', 
  at the end of the message and he 'll sound just like one of trump 's tweets . 
  no , but he needs your clothes , your boots and your motorcycle . 
   blocking wages , reducing taxes ( and thus public service , so people will have to buy the service elsewhere anyway and lose money ) and making it easier for employers to fire people is the exact opposite of what we need . 
  the only block on wages is the smic , on the bottom . 
  and the only eager to put a block on the top is m\u00e9lenchon . 
  so i do n't really see your point . 
  and softening the labour laws can indeed make it easier to fire someone . 
  it also makes it easier to hire someone . 
  it 's difficult to balance , i acknowledge that . 
  you were condescending , saying it was beyond you how people could vote for macron . 
   of course , it did n't seem conscending to you . 
  it never does . 
  but it may be . 
   while google analytics uses anonymous technology to count visits , click , and track navigation paths , yandex has additional features . 
  yandex metrika gives website owners the option to track every keystroke of their visitors , recording , for example , what users type into fields on their page . 
  [ ... ] just written in the article . 
  well , it 's a leftist magazine , honey . 
  not liking macron is part of the job description . 
  it 's like reading an article from the figaro and wondering how one could vote m\u00e9lenchon . 
  you sounds as if workers are the main problem and not unemployed people . 
  i disagree . 
  he 's against the current situation and a lot of people agree with him . 
  the day he will have to act rather than critisize , his popularity will drop . 
  and of course , he has qualities : good speaker , honest , speak his mind . 
  it 's up to him not to be bad . 
  a few bits of explaination : * he 's seen as legitimate because he won the primary ( of course , it was before everyone knew he was corrupt to the core ) . 
  * some people are radicalized and think the mainstream media and the judges are lying . 
  fillon played the anti-judges and anti-media card and that 's the reason i will never ever vote for him even in a second round against le pen . 
  * in the end , if you 're a right-wing voter , that you 're skeptikal about the eu ( and macron ) and that you do n't think you 're racist ( so le pen ) , he 's you 're only option . 
  not easy to be on the right-wing this year . 
  not believable enough to be a tv series . 
   macron seems a lot more status quo no ? 
  considering his involvement in the last government . 
  fillon is definitely seen as statu-quo , he 's been prime minister for years under sarkozy . 
  with macron , it 's more difficult . 
  he blew up the old dichotomy between our main left party and our main right party and , for the political landscape , it 's definitely not statu-quo . 
  and i think it plays a part in his popularity , because more than anything , our politicians lack credibility .
