   yeaaaah no . 
  a union between european countries , home of two world wars ? 
  yeaaaah no . 
  just a common equipement would save a lot of money : instead of designing , building , maintaining 15 different tanks , you just do it for two or three . 
  you do n't have spare pieces shortage because other countries will also use it . 
  your mechanics are much more ~ ~ polyvalents ~ ~ versatile since they will be able to work together with foreign units . 
  if they do n't know what a penis looks like , they wo n't recognize it . 
  if they do , they wo n't be shocked by it . 
  i know , that 's why i voted for him . 
   macron f. . . s his grandmother and your mom . 
  # teameric , because i like to be left alone . 
  he was not w. bush . 
   upholding the romance/latin way . 
  is there any other way ? 
  obama had a nobel prize for being elected while cool . 
  if the partner has cut her own hands to graft two chainsaws and cackles maniacally , it 's best not to break up too quickly . 
  the ones i know are people who are working in france for a long time , have their family here . 
  they did n't ask the french nationality because they did n't need it and were attached to their roots . 
  now , with brexit incoming , it 's becoming worth the trouble . 
  so , no change in real life , just an adaptation to a new administrative situation . 
  well , with the current heatwave , i 'm thinking about asking asylum in iceland as a climatic refugee . 
  that or i 'll wait the end of the week for the temperature to cool down . 
  it 's still true today . 
   europe okays project to seek alien life what ? 
  do n't we have enough migrants already ? 
  ^ ( / j : it 's not really sarcasm , but it 's just a joke ), 
  one idea among others : http://lamanufacture-roubaix.com/en/museum/ it 's about mechanical weaving and a significant part is pre-electricity ( well , the website will be more informative than i ) . 
  you also can find a lot of windmills in the area . 
  not sure which one is the most interesting . 
  i hope one day , i will reincarnate as a meme-archeologist . 
  unless someone print it on good paper , unlikely . 
  the white flag was the flag of the french navy before the revolution . 
  that 's why the joke about the white flag does n't really work on me , because it 's not about surrendering . 
  i could live with the french flag , but with a slightly more golden , less yellow colour . 
  one day , denmark will remove his mask and we will realize he was sweden from the beginning !, 
   well she is german . 
  more than likely loves the idea on the eunion . 
  especially since a lot of european countries do n't have a royalty , so the market is open . 
  i agree with the feeling . 
  i 'm just used to journalists being failed writers and trying to be a bit lyrical . 
   if an arbitrary afd member leaves then the party is officially dead . 
  the members of the modem are not members of macron 's party ( called lrem , la r\u00e9publique en marche ) . 
   when someone leaves trump it 's a total chaos they 're not exactly leaving macron , they 're accepting to quit without making a fuss . 
  you need to remember that france had quite a few corrupt politicians those last years ( and also before ) and the government is trying to pass a law to add more ethics . 
  so having a justice minister with legal problems was a pain . 
  the journalist overdid it a little . 
  what they call a jupiterian president is a president who speaks little , who does n't meddle with the day-to-day life of the government ( that 's the job of the prime minister ) . 
  our last presidents were the opposite of that , either always reacting to the latest piece of news ( sarkozy ) or telling one-liners to journalists ( hollande ) . 
  mitterand was a bit jupiterian too ( well , he was nicknamed the sphinx ) . 
  there 's a macronmania , but that 's not the whole story behind this jupiter thing . 
  that 's what she said !, 
  thank you !, 
  `` what the hell happened here ? '', 
  is the question i was gon na ask . 
  just so people here can understand the irony of the situation : this guy has be mep since 2009 . 
  i 'm gon na listen to the soundtrack of the magician of oz tonight . 
   concessions will have to be made on both sides to come to a mutually beneficial agreement . 
  and the question still is : who will make what . 
  in a deal , both parties do n't have to make the same amount of concessions . 
  sure , a good deal is great !, 
  but what 's a good deal ? 
  a good deal for who ? 
  it 's a bit naive to think a good deal for one side is automatically a good deal for the other . 
   they see it as a `` eu vs uk '' thing , when in reality the people actually conducting the negotiations understand the benefits of a mutual agreement that benefits both parties . . of course everybody benefits from a mutual agreement . 
  the only question is : which one ? 
  that 's the core question . 
   the uk out of the eu would just make it the same visa process as we have with every single country that is not in the eu . 
  which means more paperwork . 
   the usa and europe trade with each other , and people also move between the two countries . 
  which means trade agrements ( or , failing that , the wto status ) . 
  your missing a key point : nobody is saying there wo n't be trade even if there 's a hard brexit . 
  what everybody is saying is that trade between eu and uk is gon na be much less competitive with the brexit . 
  for example it would be impossible to deal with thr quantity of goods crossing the channel everyday if we had to revert to the old customs rules . 
  not really , they happened when there was the ` jungle ' in calais . 
  but this accident of one of the first times it has happened since the ` jungle ' destruction . 
  just in time to storm the bastille the day after if the proposals go in the wrong direction !, 
  ^ ( since it france , i 'm not sure if / s or not ), 
  yeah , just because they have the most important economy of the eu with a low unemployment rate , why should we assume they know anything that our politician , with our employment and trade deficit , do n't ? 
  business as usual . 
  i bet they will pretend to speak for the people and embody democracy , even though the french citizens cast their votes one month ago . 
  it depends on your doctrine on foreign policy . 
  if you do n't want to play country-building in the other side of the world , you do n't need much power projection . 
  i 'll never understand why some american pundits are so eager to defend a civilization to which they do n't belong . 
  for me , it 's like saying we should get rid of doctors and hospitals because diseases are a nasty thing . 
  i said it in a joking way , but i hope you see the point beneath . 
   i think tighter military and economic cooperation must be done before a unified army can be done . 
  i do n't think an european army will appear overnight . 
  however , a clear will in favour of an european army will allow a tighter military cooperation , like common projects ( there 's already some of them ) , common units to happen much quicker . 
  i think it 's better if at least two countries had them . 
  let 's assume one country only had nukes and it elects an europhobic fascist ( look at the last french elections , it 's not a far-stretched hypothesis ) . 
  not the greatest situation . 
  if two countries has them , it divides this risk . 
   most french overseas deployements do not depend on carrier support at all . 
  which is a good thing , because we have one aircraft carrier and he 's on the docks for the next 18 months . 
  two reasons : * it 's better to give money to your own military industry than to a foreign industry * it 's better to have a tech you can trust , especially in the army . 
  the overseas territories have to be willing to become overseas departments ( by local referendum ) . 
  and some of them are happy the way they are . 
  * i see a world map and i want it painted blue * * no countries anymore , i want them to turn blue * completely stone, 
   my experience with new rapidly fast growing parties , is that they attract opportunitists . 
  so do the old parties ( and that explains why people voted for a new party , by the way ) .
