  nk is a far-right , nationalist country . 
  the threat of invasion only make the regime seems more legitimate , because it 's the protector of the integrity of the nation . 
  that 's also why there 's constant troubles : nk does n't want to be peacefully left alone , it want to reunite with sk , under a nk leadership of course . 
  i 'll start with the three musketeers . 
  sure , it 's a spin-off and he 's the antagonist , but he 's the hell of an antagonist . 
  we have n't been at war with one of our neighbour for more than 70 years ( we still add some wars with other countries ) . 
  it 's a record in the history of france . 
  the figures are dubious , we have absolutely no informations on how the number for the year 1945 was found . 
  so ... we 're comparing two numbers without knowing how they were constructed , when , where , by whom . 
  for an possible explaination : the communist party was huge in france after the war , because of its involvement in the french resistance . 
  it certainly has an influence . 
   i have no doubt that people made up rumors about him being gay , but that 's really unrelated to disparate treatment in relationship mixed-age relationships between men and women . 
  in the original interview , he was speaking about someone who told him he would never be elected because he was gay . 
  which , for him , was homophobic and misogyneous . 
  * homophobic because of the idea that a gay man could n't be elected president * misogyneous because of the idea that a couple where the man is 24 years younger can be a real couple ( while the opposite is not a problem ) . 
  the article is ... not too good . 
  tatcher had n't . 
  they wish she had , but she had n't . 
  is it not ? 
  possibility : she plans to stay a few years outside the party , because there 'll be a bloodbath now that marine lost . 
  and once everything settled down , she 'll come back as a legitimist . 
  so in your analogy , the french people are ... the sheeps ? 
  tssss !, 
  latin of course !, 
  i 'm even ready to learn ancient greek if i need . 
   a record number of french voted for nobody i know he 's young , but his name is macron !, 
  oh yes ... sanitation , / u/vegetable _ invader , you remember what the continent used to be like . 
  it 's not real fake news ( damn , it 's getting complicated ) . 
  the far left and the far right have some common points , like being anti-system and being eu-skeptical ( they also have huge difference ) . 
  so the idea that some far-left voters on the first round may want to vote for the far-right is not stupid . 
  especially this year , because m\u00e9lenchon ( far-left ) did a great campain and took disgruntled voters from the far-right . 
  so one could imagine those voters would back le pen on the second round . 
  however , this article underestimated the fact that the far-left is fundamentally against racism , that a lot of far-left personalities spoke between the two rounds to favour macron ( well , the article was written before ) and that le pen looked like a money drugged with cocain in the second debate . 
  do n't laugh , you and your non-existing flair !, 
  the aqueduct ? 
   there is a stereotype that they refuse to speak english to foreigners , but i 've never found it to be true . 
   they do n't do self deprecating humour though . 
  at all . 
  do n't even know what it is self-deprecating humour is when english people make fun of themselves ? 
  well , we also do that !, 
  well , it 's sad to see such a nice thread without answer . 
  but you already said everything that has to be said beautifully . 
  it 's not a specific reform , but from the eu , from the various states and from the media , we need a better communication on how the decisions are made ( not in theory , but a better information on the day-to-day work ) . 
  oh , and the eu should react when she 's used as a scapegoat by national politicians . 
  biological organs are likely to be less expensive and more efficient than artificial ones , at least in a foreseeable future . 
  if it saves lives , let 's use the dead meat . 
  and you can do that , you just have to say it ( it 's the opt-out option : your authorization is assumed , but you can cancel it if you want ) . 
  well , once you 're dead , they do n't belong to you since dead people ca n't own things . 
  so since they belong to no one , why the state could n't take them ? 
   no , i did n't claim that . 
  judges had to deal with filon not lp . 
  judges had to deal with fillon * and * le pen . 
  she was asked to go to the ( french ) judges to explain why she illegaly paid party 's employees with european money and basically gave them the bird , saying she had imunity so she did n't have to answer . 
  coming from someone who pretends to be hard on crime and to respect the institutions . 
   i 'm doubtful em will obtain 51 % of the seats in the national assembly . 
  well , ca n't know before it 's done . 
  there 's a prime for the elected president , because some people do n't want the country to be paralized by a cohabitation during five years . 
   the state , government and law are all one organization so you are saying that fillon being placed under formal investigation is not something normal ? 
  that the judges doing it are part of a conspiracy ? 
  that 's some serious accusations . 
   otherwise , en marche would have a majority of the legislature . 
  you ca n't have won an election if the election has n't happened yet . 
  i do n't doubt he has some pygmalions behind him . 
  attali for example , and yet macron told him to shut up rather sharply when he said something very dumb during the campain . 
  it 's quite common . 
  it 's still a long shot from `` the oligarchy '' ( which means nothing and everything ) . 
  this debate was sad and pathetic . 
  not worth watching , except if you want to see a monkey throwing poo and the future french president trying to answer . 
  too bad the opinion pieces falls in one trap , conspirationism . 
  apparently , the oligarchy put macron on the throne by mobilizing the state , the government , the law , the media , communicators , artists , freelancers , pollsters , bookmakers , civil society leaders , the very losing political parties , the judges and the far-left candidate who is on the exact opposite of macron on the economics . 
  if so many people are gathered to promoted a candidate , it 's not really the candidate of the oligarchy . 
  however , i agree that the hard part is yet to come and macron has to succed or france will be far-right or far-left ( probably far-right ) in five years . 
  i think a problem is that britain is seen as wanting the best of two worlds : keeping access to the free market while avoind free transportation and european regulations . 
  and it does n't make sense if a non-eu country is in a as good situation as a eu country . 
  so it will be a diplomatic battle to know where exactly the line will be drawn . 
  as you said , '' surely the eu wants to soften any blow at all as much as they can here '' . 
  but surely , the uk want it as well . 
  so it does n't solve the answer of who need to relax its objectives and which objectives . 
  seems like the campaign for the election of the parliament started since yesterday evening . 
  that 's a great idea , but a lot of people would like putin to stop europhobia first . 
  i do n't think americans do n't like the eu . 
  most probably do n't even care . 
  the alt-right do n't like the eu because it 's the embodiment of supra-nationality , with a loss of national sovereignty in favour of a supra-national sovereignty . 
  and well , it 's everything the far-right hate . 
  some people do n't understand that a french citizen may want to vote for macron without being manipulated , without being ignorant , without being fooled . 
  to explain to our european fellows : nicolas dupont aignan was one of the candidates in the first round . 
  right-wing , pro-sovereignty , skeptical about the eu , but not racist . 
  he did less than 5 % , so he 's now in financial troubles because the reimbursment of the campain costs by the state is much lower if you do less than 5 % . 
  so before the second round he made a deal with marine le pen and said that , should le pen be elected , he would be her prime minister . 
  the next day , half of the higher-ups of his party quit . 
  his hometown , where is mayor , voted 68 % in favour of macron and his voters in the first round voted mainly for macron . 
  it was fun to watch . 
  well , it 's one of the poorest regions of france ( not including overseas regions ) . 
  i think it 's a parody of all the articles on `` why do people do vote for le pen / brexit / trump ? 
  let 's go to the countryside and ask a political analysis to people we see in the main street of the village '' . 
  there 's the old joke , where an american and a frenchman have an argument . 
  the american then says `` without our help in 1944 , you 'd speak german today ! '' . 
  and the frenchman answer `` yeah ? 
  and without our help in 1812 , you 'd speak english today ! '', 
  the only ones they did n't hire were golman and sachs .
