  turns out there 's a lot , but it 's nothing compared to some countries . 
  they fear a part of them will be absorb by macron 's party if they do n't act tough . 
   not everything is about you . 
  agree to disagree . 
   he looks like a much more moderate lr member he and edouard philippe ( the pm ) are one of the very few of the * les republicains * mps who abstained during the vote of the same-sex marriage . 
  while everyone else in lr voted against it . 
  so he 's not on the far-right . 
  economically , during the primaries , he was on a classical right-wing stance : less taxes , less unemployment benefits . 
  there 's a few common points with macron ( more flexibility regarding workers ' rights ) , but it 's significantly different . 
  so he wo n't be able to do what he wants . 
  ( thanks  ), 
  well , i ca n't disagree with that . 
  the only advantage is that there 's 27 shows to watch , even if the series are short . 
   europe has boring politics , so boring and dry , and yet almost everyone votes . 
  france is in the middle of her elections ( presidential is over , parliamentary is coming ) and it 's nothing boring . 
  sure , it 's not on a `` firing comey '' level , but it 's not that low . 
  that 's a partial article . 
  regarding bayrou : bayrou is a center-right leader who supported macron for the presidential election . 
  he complained his own party did n't have enough candidates as mps . 
  it may be not nice , but it 's pretty much business as usual . 
  regarding valls : there 's a feud between macron and valls since they were in the government ( with valls as prime minister , who did some not-nice things to macron ) . 
  in this situation , there 's was a part of humiliation , but it does n't come from nowhere . 
  sometimes , i wonder if the gop should n't just impeach trump the quickest possible way , have pence in the oval office and pretend those last few months never happened . 
  in the long run , it would be benefitial for the gop and for the usa ( and i hate mike pence . 
  but he 's just ... well , litterate at least ) . 
  they were with him before the election . 
  but le maire and darmanin are fresh catchs . 
  the nato is not european , is it ? 
  the macron government wo n't decide that alone , it 's negociations between all the countries . 
  he 's hiring the young ones , not the old ones . 
   would have prefer a swap between le drian and goulard having goulard in the army ministry may mean the government will push for a better european military . 
  and le drian jumping from the defense ministry to the foreign affairs is a logical jump . 
  or that foreign workers usually go where 's there 's jobs . 
  as far as i can say with only the article and not the original study , there 's a huge confusion between correlation and causality . 
  or ... maybe the eu is so beneficial that it 's bringing peace even in the south-east asia . 
  well , if we do n't count indochine , vietnam and a few others at least . 
  so would their husband/wife . 
  it prevents diseases . 
  first point : we have two houses , the * s\u00e9nat * ( upper house ) , indirectly elected by elected officials , and the * assembl\u00e9e nationale * ( lower house ) directly elected in june . 
  second point : the election of the * assembl\u00e9e nationale * is not in the constitution , but in the law . 
  which mean the way mps are elected can change . 
  but today , it 's indeed a two rounds fptp system , with a specificity : in the second round , we can have more than two candidates . 
  anyone with more than 12.5 % of * registered voters * are in it . 
  so you can have three , exceptionnaly four , candidates in the second round and it 's the place of very tactical negociations . 
  third point : there 's no accurate polls for those elections , because you would need 577 polls , one for each district . 
  you can find estimates , but since we do n't even have the final lists of candidates , i doubt them . 
  ideally , he wants the left wing of the republicains to become his right-wing . 
  but among the republicains , you also have the conservative catholic right and i doubt they will fit with macron . 
  it 's still too soon to know how things will happen after the elections in june , from a cohabitation ( with a republicain prime minister opposed to macron ) to a split in the republicains ( the left wing joining macron one way or another , the right wing joining the front national ) . 
  ( he sounds like a troll , actually ), 
  is it the name of the software they used to hack clinton and macron ? 
  they also go for the weakest target . 
  people who use linux are generally computer-litterate . 
  people who use windows can be very good or very ignorant of the basis of computer security . 
  so aiming windows will be more efficient , not because windows is weaker , but because of the people using windows . 
  do n't confuse eu with europe , please . 
  not electing macron last week would have resulted in le pen winning les week election . 
  it 's a balance to find between internal redistribution and safekeeping of the eu . 
  the answer would be obvious is germany did n't benefit of the eu but it does . 
  if the currency union crumble , germany will lose part of its surplus . 
  better to redistribute some eggs than to kill the chicken . 
  dunno about uk , but i think france do n't want to pay for organizing the next show and does her best not to win . 
  not always by sending bad performers , but by sending unusual performers . 
  a veto power for what ? 
  i wrote ` part of europe ' at first , then i changed to ` part of the eu ' because i know it would be a problem . 
   and , well , yes , i think they can , thanks to the polysemy of the word ` europe ' . 
  some part of the eu even have an indigenous black population . 
   honestly , russia is not a very advanced country , yet somehow , according to western media , they have the best hackers in the world . 
  north korea is not a very wealthy country and yet kim jong un had far more money than i. 
  see ? 
  it does n't beat the `` why is there russophobia in france ? '', 
  i 've seen just after the macronleaks . 
  but it 's not that far . 
  confusing , but it 's a story that needs to be told !, 
  for several different reasons * he plays the role of the modern philosopher . 
  telling how you should think , but without any depth behind it . 
  the technical term would be ' a profesional poser ' . 
  * he 's a warmonger ( or would be if he had power ) . 
  he a proponent of various wars , like in yougoslavia or libya ( and you know how well it ended ) . 
  * well , it 's not the reason for most people , but it 's a reason for a few : he 's jewish . 
  and the racist-internet easily concludes that jewish + wanted to attack libya =  it 's a jewish conspiracy against muslims . 
  i do n't think it 's the reason here honestly . 
  he was not attacked , he was cream-pied ( that 's the act of throwing a pie full of cream on the face of a notorious dumbass , nothing else ) . 
  bhl is a common target , he could open a pastry shop . 
  well , when i say `` let 's stop the debate '' , it implies i wo n't answer anymore . 
   if you think of hitler as an example of the right it is wrong because hitler was for a strong state , controll over the economy and little indivdual freedom . 
  oh , ok , you 're one of * those * people who think hitler was n't on the very far right . 
  let 's stop the debate here , then , it will be easier . 
  i understand that conservatives may think that i 'm just trying to protect the image of communism . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm just saying that how nk is working today is based on far-right mechanisms : nationalism , unification of the two koreas , personality cult , isolation ... 
  do you think nk is a democracy ? 
  the name of the country itself is democratic people 's republic of korea . 
  does n't mean it 's a democracy . 
  see , it 's the same think with the communist aspect . 
  about the nk , i pick far right without hesitation . 
  maybe there 's nothing to war about any more thanks to the eu . 
  no one speaks for the eu in the national media . 
  meps are largely less visible that a national governement member , the head of a party or even an influent national mp . 
  it 's a wonderful scapegoat for every politicians in every country who want to explain why it 's not their fault the country is in a bad shape .
