  naughty !, 
  and apparently , she 's also the [ seigneur of the swans ] ( http://www.royalswan.co.uk/ ) and owns all the unmarked swans . 
  the obvious answer to the lack of unity on the left is creating a new movement . 
  why do you think we have the ariane rocket ? 
   edit : and might i inquire about the reason for the downvotes ? 
  i do n't like when people complain about being downvoted . 
   people my age ( 2000s ) you 're really old !, 
  ^ ( sorry , poor impulse control when it comes to bad jokes ), 
  with its demographics , vatican should be * the * place were same-sex marriage is legal . 
  actually , both are global warming . 
  it creates more instability , so more climatic events . 
  just look at the convection movements when you heat some water : there 's more movements when it 's hot than when it 's cold . 
   death is how god separates the wheat from the chaff but who is god to say that some humans are good , allowed to live , some humans are bad , doomed to die ? 
  i do n't want to reach the godwin point , but this line of thought is worrying to say the least . 
   god gave you a similar order that he gave adam when ? because i surely do n't remember it . 
   randomly flailing monkeys would always fail to form the structure , the syntax , all of which requires intelligence , and because the natural world is infused with this kind of beauty , that is proof that there is intelligence at work here . 
  you 're wrong , it 's the power of randomness . 
   read that , for example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/infinite_monkey_theorem and you did n't answer the second question : assuming god exist , which one ? 
   we 're dealing with that hurt , with that stomach ache . 
  no , a stomach hurt is a physiological reaction . 
  god 's decision was a conscious decision to condemn a whole species to death . 
  two very different things and you do n't explain why the latter is a good thing . 
   we 're each as adam was , now we have the choice to obey god , or to succumb to the liar who hides in the grass , far from obvious sight . 
  i 'm not as adam . 
  i 've never disobeyed god because he never gave me any order . 
   one ca n't just mash a keyboard and create something that would move the senses to tears , there is skillful craftsmanship involved , intelligence and love poured into a work of art . 
  well , actually , if you had an infinite number of monkeys typing randomly on a keyboard , they would write romeo and juliet with a probability of 100 % . 
  and yes , you can mathematically prove it . 
  so your proof is ... not convincing . 
   just observe nature silently , and you can see the work of the creator therein ... 
  assuming i do , how do you prove it 's the work of the christian god and not any other god , like ymir ? 
   the wages of sin is death , the man did n't just eat an apple he disobeyed god and created original sin , severing his relationship with the creator who is perfect . 
  one man disobeyed god . 
  why should all the other humans be punished too ? 
  how is that fair ? 
  should we jail all the christians because a few of them sexually assaulted kids ? 
   and the truth is that god is real well , prove it . 
  then we 'll discuss the need of following god 's orders . 
   that 's natural causes unless it 's induced by some perpetrator , and if you want to wonder why we die of natural causes then red genesis . 
  so miscarriage is morally fine because some guy ate an apple thousands of years ago ? 
  how can you know ? 
   maybe it 's the indoctrination ? 
  from who ? 
  women have always had abortions , even before the beginning of a pro-choice movement . 
  either we accept this reality and allow women to have abortion in the safest way or we do n't and we let them die on a kitchen table . 
   i 'm not saying it 's bad in the case when the mother 's life is endangered by continuing pregnancy but doing it out of selfishness , because you do n't want to take responsibility , is just wrong . 
  backstreet abortions endanger the woman 's life . 
  she was most famous for her fight in favour of the legalization of abortion in france . 
  her job for europe is less known . 
  so it 's expected that our european fellows know her less . 
  in 1974 , there was . 
   most political journalists are absolute morons who have no interest in any substantial discussion or question but are just looking for the buzzword . 
  they 're not morons , they 're paid by clicks . 
  readers are morons , because they fall for the buzzwords and the snarky comments . 
  he was also both . 
  the people of france is very happy with both flags on the portrait . 
  with the price of a pleiade book ( 50-60 $ per book ) , you ca n't really buy them in bulk . 
  even if one agrees that the bread is christ , we could debate on the definition of ` is ' ( and i 'm totally serious ) . 
  even if god had phimosis , does he have sex ? 
  with whom ? 
   but , i am not sure what ` france-german led europe ' means . 
  it means mainly that france and germany are both motivated by the eu ( not only now , but historically . 
  in 1970 , we had 3 major wars between france and germany in the last century and it was quite a shock to think of each other as allies ) and that they big enough to create a momentum . 
  i really do n't think it means a eu governed by berlin and paris ( it would be stupid , unrealistic and disrespectful ) , but it means that berlin and paris are willing to give a impulse to promote some changes in europe . 
  besides , the way the eu takes decisions , germany and france alone can do pretty much nothing . 
   ` france-german led europe ' - i do n't see that as happening . 
  where were you those last fifty years ? 
  if you fish with a fishing pole , it is . 
  if you fish with explosives , it 's easy . 
  it 's complicated to know exactly . 
  firstly , you have the hunters . 
  hunting is still alive in france and most hunters i know have several rifles . 
  secondly , you have auto-defense guns . 
  thirdly , you have the criminal world . 
  fourthly , you have ` family weapons ' , inherited from grampa who was alive during wwii ( guns have a long life expectancy ) . 
  as you can guess , working on the two latest situations is difficult . 
  japan also use the same root for germany : \u30c9\u30a4\u30c4 , which would sound like doitsu . 
  from now , i should maybe avoid taking the carrier to go fishing . 
  why ? 
  you just need tiny judges and everything 's fine . 
   it seems to me that islam is the exact opposite of liberalism it seems to me that different muslims live their religion in very different ways . 
  i still agree with some parts of your text ( especially that the left has difficulties with critisizing minorities ) , but your monolithic vision of islam is unrealistic . 
  to be clear : she was judged guilty by the court , but without a sentence . 
  which is fair , i think : she was clearly guilty of a crime , but sending here to prison would serve no purpose . 
  i guess * corbyna * or * corbynette * would be allowed for girls . 
  sorry  it 's easy to mix french and english vocabularies sometimes , they are quite close . 
   it 's a fair cop . 
  i was being pointlessly reductionist . 
  but i simply do n't have time to draw up a full list of all the different doctrine requirements , production needs , logistical and financial concerns that such a rifle for example would need to meet to work for eu wide adoption . 
  i agree with you on the numerous challenges this idea will have to face . 
  i 'm just also saying that the probably of succeeding is higher if we try than if we do n't . 
   who builds the common equipment ? 
  who chooses this common equipment ? 
  it really is not as simple as you make it sound . 
  i 've never thought it would be simple . 
  it will be hard , especially because the military industry has a lot of political power in each country . 
  but it would be worthwile for the efficiency of the european armies . 
   i do n't know how much you know about military procurement . 
  but getting one military to adopt anything is hard enough . 
  getting multiple nations to accept a single doctrine let alone rifle ?
