but on an international level it 's `` changing '' european treaties or leaving the union . 
  cancelling canada trade deal . 
  not go after putin anymore . 
  basically , it 's leaving the union , but with an excuse ( `` i was ready to stay , but those eurocrats refused my conditions , blame them '' ) . 
  the few memes and symbols made by trumpists ( unlike those made by le pen fanboys or even the european far-right ) are usually so uninformed about the situation in europe that it 's more funny than worrying . 
  what may be worrying is that the french far-right are borrowing the methods used during the trump campain . 
  but it 's not exactly the same thing . 
   the official position of the french government , to this very day , is that vichy was n't a legitimate french government and was n't the representative of the french republic . 
  wrong ( cf. 
  speech of chirac in 1995 [ french ] https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/discours_de_jacques_chirac_du_16_juillet_1995_au_v%c3%a9lodrome_d%27hiver ), 
   so do the french and so does le pen - and de gaulle and miterrand and most of the french leaders since ii ww who have always said what le pen said now . 
  and politicians always have distorted history to fit their political agendas ... and if we want to be accurate , since 1995 ( and the speech of president chirac ) , the official position is that france is responsible for the vel d'hiv . 
   she 's repeating what de gaulle or even socialist hero miterrand said over and over - that the actions of the vichy government do n't reflect today 's french people . 
  no , she said the vichy government 's actions did n't reflect wwii french people . 
  which is wrong , plainly wrong . 
  sure , de gaulle and mitterand said similar things . 
  but de gaulle did it for political reasons because he was the alternative , it incresed his own legitimacy . 
  and mitterand also had good reasons that we did n't look closely at what people did during wwii . 
  and none of them were historians . 
  because the gap between the second is the third is beyond the confidence interval . 
  and by law , surveys can only ask about a second round that is sustained by their data for the first round . 
  if no one is above 50 % in the first ballot , there 's a second ballot with the two candidate whose score is the highest . 
  there 's several other possibilities , with the little we know now : * accident ( although unlikely ) * mental illness * terror strike ( you may call it a act of war , but it 's not ), 
  migrant : someone who lives in france , but is born a foreigner in a foreign country . 
  so second and third generation are not migrants . 
  but european migrants are . 
  but the difference between habite et habit\u00e9 is the diacritic sign . 
  it 's not the same word at all . 
  it has nothing to do with how you stress a word . 
  and i 'm sure you can be hard to understand if you stress words in an unusual manner , but you 'll be just hard to understand , you wo n't change the meaning of the words ( or i 'd like an example ) . 
  accent is a false friend in french . 
  i was talking about the lexical stress , not the diacritic sign . 
  and in french , how you stress a word does n't really change its meaning ( at most you 'll sound strange ) . 
  well , people did bat eyelids when macron was young : he was ` exiled ' to paris by his parents . 
  however , now , it 's stranger that some people are still shocked . 
  well , france is far from being the only country with a closet fascist on the ballot . 
  almost every western country has one . 
  but three trotskysts , it 's more unusual . 
  what i was saying is that the age distribution of non-migrant women may be significantly different than the one of migrant women . 
  so you ca n't conclude that the birth rate among these two groups just with the fertility rate . 
  stressing syllable is not an important part of french ( much less than in other languages ) , it does n't convey meaning and is more often just acquired through osmosis . 
  so no , never learnt about it in french . 
  since you have a supernatural ability to know things , do you know where i put my keys ? 
  i ca n't find them since yesterday evening . 
  because putin is not a clown . 
  spain is rather cool . 
  not as much as zimbabwe if it add a voice , sure . 
  you can be fertile at 50 , although it 's unusual . 
  but even then , my point still stands : the birth rate per age is not uniform . 
  and without using the age structure , you will find false conclusions . 
   but there 's also a very large difference between people who were born abroad and people born in france ( and in fact , the latter difference seems rather larger ) . 
  since migrants are a small part of the population ( despite what our extremists say ) , the gap is diluted . 
  the difference would be 0.1 point for the fertility rate . 
  source in french : https://www.ined.fr/fr/tout-savoir-population/memos-demo/faq/fecondite-france-sans-immigres/ ( and it 's unbiased , it 's our main demographical institute )  also , second-gen immigrants could also be contributing to france 's higher overall rate -- france does not , afaik , gather data on multi-generation immigrants , so there 's no way to say . 
  it can happen ( it 's not illegal ) , but usually , france does n't gather the information . 
   country a has 1,000,000 women in reproductive age . 
  15 % of these women are immigrants and their fertility rate is 3.0 , meaning these women give birth to 450,000 babies each year . 
  the other 85 % of native women have a fertility rate of 1.5 , meaning 1,275,000 native babies are born each year . 
  overall 1,725,000 babies are born each year , which gives us a fertility rate of 1.72 - much closer to the natives ' fertility than to the immigrants ' one . 
  it does n't really work that way , you 're confusing fertility rate with birth rate . 
  i 'll let you check wikipedia to know the difference because they will explain much better than me , but the core argument is that it will depend of the age structure of both group of women ( for example if you have a lot more of `` white '' women above 50 , it wo n't impact the fertility rate but it will impact the number of births ) . 
  the fertility rate would be roughly 0.1 lower without migrants , if i remember correctly the studies of our national statistical institute . 
  so there 's an impact , but not a huge one . 
   the map above represents the true demographic ticking time bomb of europe . 
  as the population becomes significantly older than it is now , there will be fewer economically active people , which will lead to consequent pension funding issues . 
  on order to be accurate , the demographic balance should include migration . 
  i 'm sorry , but you do n't ride a pony half-naked if you 're straight . 
   it 's a full region of france in south america and they have every right to compare themselves to metropolitan france . 
  we 're in a free country , they have the right to compare themselves to whoever they want . 
  but their situation is n't comparable to the situation of a metropolitan region . 
   make them comparable or give them self governance . 
  false dichomoty fallacy . 
  i 'm ready to agree with an independant guyana , if that 's what the people of guyana want . 
  but as far as i know , it 's not . 
  transitional period are periods of unstability and often populism . 
  not a bad idea to limit it ( as long as the ue and the uk play the game fairly and do n't try to play the clock ) . 
  it 's not really nice to greatly alter a message after someone answered . 
  : /  this difference currenly is destroying europe , and not a burglary , mental illness or fight between the neighours going wrong ah , you mean racism !, 
  because it 's clearly what you are , when implying that he killed her ( which is yet unknown ) because he 's arab and she 's jewish ( which is yet unknown ) . 
  i think there 's a name for this phenomenon . 
  it starts with ` fake ' and ends with ` news ' . 
  either a mistake they make when creating the link ( since this piece of information is not in the article ) . 
  or a woman with asian origins and jewish religion . 
   the source of it in hebrew . 
  not because i am lover of funny languages -- but because french mainstream media is too afraid to write about it straight . 
  of course it 's in the media : http://www.leparisien.fr/paris-75011/paris-chute-mortelle-rue-de-vaucouleurs-d-une-femme-asiatique-04-04-2017-6822783.php it does n't make the headlines because it 's `` just '' a short news item , the kind of which you found in local newspapers . 
  and there 's no link between the religion of the victim and the origin of the man . 
  probably a burglary or a fight between neighbours gone very wrong . 
  the question does n't really make sense , because that would imply that the geography , the history of guyana are different . 
  but let 's imagine that people in guyana magically become ` ethnically french ' ( whatever that means , because french is a nationality and not an ethnie ) overnight , then my answer would be yes . 
  * cough * tax haven * cough *, 
  no , i did n't expect anything of it . 
  i may watch the funniest moments , but as entertainment , not for the political values . 
  the problem is that the ` small ' candidates have nothing to lose and they know clashes and jokes are the only way to appear on newspapers and on social medias . 
  so they play the game . 
  a debate with eleven people , six of them with no chance of having a good score and here only to promote themselves ... is someone really surprised it was n't enlightning ? 
  that 's not really true . 
  guyana is already one of the highest , if not the highest , gdp in south america . 
  it receives more than it gives in taxes ( rightly so ) . 
  and the government agreed to give 1 billion euros ( but guyana want 3 ) .
