  style used by little kids too small to use a `` classical '' bike . 
  i went there for a picasso exposition , a few years ago . 
  it 's indeed a nice place , i like art d\u00e9co . 
  not sure ( but likely ) . 
  some candidates from the left or the right can have a very good local network . 
  if you 've been the mp of a district for years , they know you , you know them and it 's sometimes more important than national politics . 
  also the power of novelty . 
  people are quite fed up with the old parties . 
  so even if they disagree with some parts of macron 's program , there 's a sense of `` why not , let 's him try that , we 'll see what 'll happen '' . 
  you have the number of votes underneath . 
  and one of them really have 0 votes . 
  it must sting . 
  his idea is to lower the number of mps , but keeping the same budget . 
  so that mps wo n't be here only to vote the law , but also to control what the executive branch is doing . 
  i 'm waiting to see the details , but it 's not the worst idea . 
  the two-round system favours the moderates . 
  if you have a moderate and an extrem candidates , the moderates voters and the extremist voters from the other side tend to vote for the moderate ( not always true , there 's some links between the far left and the far right , but often true ) . 
  so valls may indeed win . 
  if you do more than 50 % of the valid votes , you 're elected in the first round . 
  otherwise , at least two candidates go to the second round . 
  in fact , everyone with more votes than 12.5 % of the registered voters goes to the second round . 
  so you can have a second round with three ( * triangulaire * ) , exceptionnally four candidates . 
  yesterday , we had an high abstention . 
  so it 's difficult to have more than 12.5 % of registered voters , so it 's harder to have * triangulaires * . 
  it was quite funny to see all the old politicians whining on how the system is unfair and rigged to favour the new president while they used it ( both on the left and the right ) when they were in power . 
  well , hamon betrayed hollande first . 
  the situation in the ps ( hamon 's and holland 's political party ) was a powder keg . 
  and macron has found some matches . 
   i think melenchon is too old now , it 's going to be corbi\u00e8re instead running for president . 
  and it 's going to be even funnier than m\u00e9lenchon . 
  that 's a possibility . 
  but it also means the mps wo n't have the party discipline professional mps have , so are more likely to rebel if something does n't please them . 
  well , look at the graphic : they 're more stable now they 've lowered the gravity center of the blue bar . 
  coronary artery disease , but i 'm willing to take the risk . 
  for those who are not lucky enough to speak french , here 's what it says * tidal waves for the legislative election * he 's going to save the planet against trump * putin ? 
  not afraid !, 
  * he walks on water, 
  not a good reason , there 's tons of good bakeries in paris . 
  what the graphics show is not the size , but how you use it * europe has a much higher part of her defence budget for personnel . 
  so less for investment , equipment , research . 
  we 're lagging . 
  * europe has seveteen kinds of tanks while the us have one . 
  it 's more expensive to develop the vehicules , you make less of them so it 's less efficient , it creates problems with mechanics and spare pieces . 
  i do n't think the purpose is to emulate the us , but to ponder on the huge inefficiency it creates . 
   why do we find relevant yet another offensive thing this man says ? 
  because he 's the president of a nuclear power , with a seat in the security council . 
  he 's not the only not-an-intellectual-reference in that position , by the way . 
  foxnews ... is that a website like the onion ? 
  and we apology to the world for that . 
  and that why he wants to by-pass the usual parlementary process : to keep the momentum from th election . 
  if he waits october or november to pass the law , it will never pass . 
  the difference is also that 50 years ago , we had no unemployment . 
  so , yes , workers ' condition is better when there 's no unemployment . 
  but we have n't succeed to eradicate it with the usual french methods . 
   at the time , hundreds of unaccompanied children were told by french charities that they would be given the right to travel to britain . 
  pretty stupid for the charities , to lie to the migrants . 
  i 'm not sure it 's helping . 
  that 's why the mosque is green : to blend in the environment . 
  well , unless you 're a cop , you do n't really should have a say . 
  it 's like a reverse-terminator : he comes from the past to warn us about the fate of our countries . 
  putin just discovered trolling watching macron and now he wants to play . 
  better than polonium , so let 's him play . 
  historical differences : paris was much less destroyed than berlin during wwii ( partly because of von choltitz by the way ) . 
   but the goal of the cohabitation movement is to make the two equal , and i think there are several countries ( norway ? ), 
  where this has actually been achieved . 
  you can live with a person ` casually ' without wanting to share rights and responsabilities ( for example regarding inheritance , regarding the right to choose if you 're unconscious , regarding sharing fiscal responsabilities . 
  it 's simple cohabitation . 
  and you can live with a person while wanting all those things . 
  and it 's marriage . 
  and you can have things between those two extrems , like civil union . 
  the main problem between us : you think marriage is religious , i do n't . 
  for me , the state can decide about ( civil ) marriage while staying out of religion . 
  i agree . 
  and anyway , i sure most teachers prefer to see a student skip class because he wants to meet the president than because he overslept . 
  ^ ^ but it 's still technically different . 
   if cohabitation was possible , then surely civil marriage would be rendered useless ? 
  not really , because it 's not the same level of engagement ( from a civil point of view , regarding taxes , responsabilities , inheritance etc ) . 
   it 's pointless to worry about civil marriage rights when we 've got civil unions and when cohabitation is the main progressive movement . 
  why not call those unions marriages then ? 
   that 's why i find the hype surrounding gay marriage so bizarre , especially coming from hinduism where we 've got a plethora of customs and definitions surrounding the concept of marriage that jar with western/christian customs . 
  i understand the concern , but i 'm in favour of a separation of church and state . 
  marriage is a civil event , not a religious one . 
  not really . 
  obama was asking the teacher to excuse the kid . 
  macron is saying the kids are authorized to skip school . 
  not the same thing at all . 
  when i see china a a protector of environment and free trade , it makes me feel a bit old . 
   i 'm not sure what the exact difficulties might be regarding posthumous marriage it 's very unusual and only the president can authorize it . 
  it can happen when a couple were planning a marriage but one of them dies in a sudden and unexpected way . 
  trump to earth : no , fuck you !, 
  ( sorry , i love the movie * commando * ), 
  is it authentified by wikileaks ? 
   often the very best possible employee for a politician is a family member that knows them best , can be fully trusted and who will work long hours for them . 
  not really how it works . 
  most likely the family member will be paid , but if asked , they wo n't have any proof they did any work . 
  if , in the first round , someone has more than 50 % of ` real ' votes ( not the registered voters , not the ` blank ' or irregular votes ) , he wins and there 's no second round . 
  otherwise , there 's a second round and there 's at least two candidates . 
  sometimes three . 
  i do n't know if we ever had four candidates , but with the current situation it can happen . 
  it 's not because of the lack of information .
