  it was * the * main measure of the program on which he was elected . 
  of course , trump proves that you can disappoint while keeping your campaign promises . 
  i do n't really see the difference between the execution without trial of an american ( or french ) citizen and a citizen of another nationality . 
  both are morally wrong . 
  in both case , i 'm not knowledgeable enough to say with great surety that i would have the right answer if i had to decide . 
  and that 's pretty much the kind of disappointment i expect from macron in the next five years . 
  well , i hope . 
  but our system ( not only ours , but most democratic systems ) favours the statu quo . 
  which is great , because it prevents an asshole from ruining the country too quickly ( imagine trump without the checks and balances ... ) , but it also makes it more difficult to implement good ideas . 
  in addition , france will have her usual riots ( as soon as september for the labour laws ) and it 's really a srength contest between the government and rioters . 
  he 's a neo-liberal in france . 
  i guess in the usa , he would be something like a liberal democrat . 
  especially he has no intention to deregulate the healthcare system , the retirement system or some other parts of the safety net . 
  but it 's true he wants to deregulate some parts of the labour laws . 
  no , eligible here mean registred . 
  to vote , every voter must be registered in their town ( typically , you had to register before the end of 2016 to vote in the 2017 elections . 
  there 's exceptions of course ) . 
  so we know how many potential voters a district can have ( and we can deal more easily with double accounts : people registered in two towns by mistake ) . 
  well , i guess ( hope ) he 'll be like obama : a good president who disappoint us from time to time . 
  because it 's hard to do otherwise . 
  but if it 's the case , it 's still a great deal . 
   but if you are a friend , or not legally related , then i 'm not sure this law will help much . 
  it 's a lesser problem for two reasons : * there 's nothing unusual with befriending a coworker . 
  and assistants are often former coworkers , because the mps know them , know their skills and already have a work relationship with them . 
  * more importantly : a mp does n't share their bank account with their friends , while they do with their close family . 
  so when a mp hires a family member , he 's getting indirectly wealthier , not when he hires a friend . 
  there 's always the usual `` i hire your wife , you hire mine '' . 
  if i 've read correctly , it wo n't be banned but it will need to be declared . 
  some parts of the reform deals with the constitution . 
  for example how ministers will be judged ( at the moment , it 's a special court , with a majority of mps . 
  the reform wants ministers to be judged the usual way ) : it deals with the separation of powers , so with the constitution . 
  changes in the constitution are not unusual , but it 's more complicated than a change of the law . 
  they can . 
  but it may come with a political price when you ally with someone your voters do n't like . 
  apparently , it 's what 's happening here . 
  it 's not a revolution , but it 's indeed very significant . 
  especially in france , where there 's always been an ambivalent attitude toward corruption ( just look at how many people voted for fillon or le pen in the last election ) . 
  the measures seem to be fine , it 's going in the right direction . 
  however , it will need some efforts to pass . 
  we 'll need a change in the law , in the organic law and in the constitution . 
  it depends on the ideas of the `` sweden democrats '' ( and i do n't know enough about them to judge ) . 
  i would certainly refuse to vote for a party who associated itself with a party i really despise ( french example : supporting the * front national * would be an immediate deal-breaker for me , no matter the situation ) . 
  you 're right . 
  what i meant is that it 's not a proportional system on a national scale . 
  it 's more like 577 little two-rounds elections , which is difficult to poll . 
  a big difference with the presidential elections : every candidate above 12.5 % of the registered voters go to the second round . 
  so it can create tactical situations, 
  because of the electoral system ( 577 districts , with a fptp winner for each of them ) , polls are quite unreliable . 
  so , while there 's no doubt macron is leading , it 's hard to say by how much . 
  indeed . 
  it should be latin . 
  hh is sometimes used by neo-nazis to mean `` heil hitler '' . 
  it 's more often used in the numeric version `` 88 '' ( h being the eight letter of the alphabet ), 
  can you source the quote ? 
  ( from a reliable source , not an alt-right website ), 
   no one is talking about it probably because it 's false . 
  i never remember how many ` u ' it takes , so i put it aside . 
  i disagree . 
  she just declared that the eu just relied less on unreliable allies ( sorry , american fellows , it 's just for four years ) . 
  it 's hard to draw parallel with wwi , when every european nation was ready to attack its neighbour . 
   and yes , he is a warning on so many levels , to so many people around the world , that it might actually be helpful in the future . 
  the ` good ' thing is , i think the usa are much more resilient than a lot of other countries in the world to survive 4 years of trump ( checks and balances for example ) . 
  there 's something wrong either with me or with the world , because , when i read the headline , i did n't even though that he would throw them for a good reason . 
  if australia is not in europe , then why did they sing in the eurovision ? 
  nor can we ignore the power of news to influence opinions . 
  we you ask that questions days after the battle of berlin , you 're bound to have an opinion overwhelmingly in favour of the ussr . 
  months after , when the emotion has passed , it would have been different . 
  i 'd bet that the results would have been very different even in mid-august 1945 . 
  fake news !, 
  he also uses * sad !, 
  * , * tremendous !, 
  * or * great !, 
  sorry to derail the thread , but that part made me laugh  instead , trump was said to have spent time with michel complaining about the difficulties of setting up golf clubs in eu states , while eating belgian chocolates . 
  `` these are the best , '' trump reportedly told his host . 
  or just time . 
  it 's mainly internal political campaign . 
  i mean , every countries have politicians who say things intended to the citizens , not the rest of the world , especially before an election . 
  of course , it does n't mean the rest of the world should be deaf and blind about it , but it should n't read too much in it . 
  the first poll was made in may 1945 . 
  so a few days after the battle of berlin the russians won and the ~ ~ escape in south america ~ ~ suicide of hitler . 
  so there 's a very strong `` news '' effect . 
  sesame street , maybe ? 
  `` and today , the letter n , a , t and o ! '', 
  they 've seen too many american cops series , they 're playing `` good president / bad president '' . 
   and does n't your language use the singular pronoun `` on '' as a plural ? 
  not really , although it 's often wrongly used . 
  the french neutral , ` on ' , is more used as an undefined . 
  for example , if i say `` tonight , my friends and i , we go to the movies '' , i will use the plural first person * nous * : `` nous allons au cin\u00e9ma * . 
  it 's plural and i 'm included in it . 
  but if i want to say that in japan , people speak japanese , i will say `` au japon , on parle japonais '' . 
  it 's used as a singular , represents an undefined person and i 'm not included in it ( so it 's not a first person ) . 
  however , my main problem is much more practical : one of the big markers of plural in english , * for me * , is the pronoun * they * . 
  so when it 's used as a singular , i always wonder `` and who else ? '' . 
  it 's frustrating . 
  i bet kern 's mother called him afterwards to warn him he would break the big mirrors if he kept playing with the ball inside . 
  maybe she thought an innuendo would fly over trump 's head . 
  plot twist : the two flags behind combine to form a hammock . 
   you are laughing i was n't ( well , maybe for the merkel room ) . 
  the ` new ' of today , if successful , will be the ` history ' of tomorrow . 
  in 200 years , it will have a backstory .
