nope , flanders has to chase away the french people , i suppose . 
  the dutch language union is a shared union between the netherlands , belgium and suriname , so they probably work on it . 
  maybe not the government , but the dutch language union perhaps . 
  i think it 's important to protect the dutch language . 
  as a dutch person , this makes me way too irritated for some reason . 
  the dutch government should help flanders . 
  those french people should learn dutch , the flemish government is really strict with it 's language laws luckily . 
  the dutch version is the only version with voice actors . 
  maya de bij is still popular . 
  she is still being printed on the packaging of cookies for children and such here . 
  yeah . 
  almere is also build on the province flevoland . 
  flevoland ( flevopolder ) is also ( by far ) the biggest artificial island in the world . 
  so it 's all artificial , haha . 
  it 's based on an old-german name for a lake that was once in the spot where almere is right now . 
  meer means lake in dutch ( mere is old-german for lake ) and ala is old-german for big . 
  so it means big/great lake in old-german . 
  this is also one of the few points where i agree with trump . 
  europe needs to wake up , it 's completely stupid that we rely on the us so much , we have more than enough money to build our own army too . 
  if we do that ; death to every country in the eu . 
  we can not compete against this big world . 
  we have to cooperate to stay relevant . 
  the time when europe was boss of the world , and the time where we could build colonies everywhere are over . 
  the world got rid of our colonies and the world is ready to become stronger than europe in every aspect . 
  and that 's not a bad thing . 
  i agree . 
  we must take the sentiment serious . 
  there is a reason why people are unhappy . 
  but i 'm not sure how this issue can be solved . 
  populism and a growing eu-sentiment caused those results , unfortunately . 
  many people who support people like geert wilders are scared of the eu and love to grab every opportunity to block things in the eu . 
  personally i 'm happy that prime minister rutte did n't really do anything with the result . 
  the anti-eu folks are angry and say rutte is weak , i would say rutte did well . 
  populism is harmful . 
  i ca n't help you with this problem , bit you 've stated that spain has a fucking king in bold letters , so that must bother you . 
  here in the netherlands we have a king too , and i like my king . 
  i never want him to stop . 
  norway has a king , denmark has a queen , etc. 
  i think my king does a great job . 
  why are you against your king ? 
  just curious . 
  just a coincidence my friend . 
  unfortunately , i think only western frisian will remain . 
  we had our queen beatrix on it . 
  she quit , and now we have our king willem alexander on it . 
  why ? 
  why is an increasingly worsening relation between the eu and turkey feeling good ? 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  my nephews will like this , i 'm sure . 
  it 's sad that this eu - turkey deal ended in such a bitter result for both sides , it makes the world a less happy place and gives a sad feeling . 
  my situation is exactly the same . 
  i think it 's the same everywhere in frisia . 
  i only update is when i 'm looking for a new job or something like that . 
  i also use linkedin quite a lot , it 's more about making new connections to get new jobs in my field of work . 
  to be more precise : marlboro ( 20 cigs . ), 
  cheap ass cigarettes are like $ 5,70 . 
  rolling tobacco is cheaper in comparison , 50 gram for $ 8 , - ( lucky strike rolling tobacco ) . 
  i think i would prefer sun tea more , because there is no added sugar ? 
  i like my tea best without sugar , and black like the night . 
  nope . 
  an american friend of mine made a jar with ` sweet tea ' or something for me once ( if i remember correctly , it 's a thing from rural areas ) . 
  also an american thing i believe . 
  but we do n't have these things here in the netherlands . 
  the movies are huge . 
  the comics are not-so huge . 
  i 've seen a couple book stores selling them , but they only sell them in english , they never get translated to dutch , so i ca n't imagine that it is big business here . 
  comics in general are popular though . 
  donald duck is huge , and comics from famous dutch and belgian artist are popular , also some other european countries . 
  we basically mostly read european comics , not american . 
  manga is also a little bit popular , but it 's still not big . 
  nope . 
  but beside caucasian women i think some asian women ( korean , japanese , chinese ) and women from countries like iran and such can be very pretty . 
  middle-eastern women can be very pretty . 
  but i like caucasian women best . 
  the price on the menu is the price you pay . 
  tax is already included . 
  no tips either , it 's not necessary and people do n't really expect a tip . 
  only maybe when you think the service is outstandingly excellent . 
  i would love to fuse with flanders . 
  but it would be quite difficult . 
  belgians have a king ( although he is n't very popular in flanders i believe ) , the dutch have a king and the cultural differences between belgium and the netherlands are subtle but quite big . 
  maybe flanders could become the fifth country in the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  they would have to give up on king philip , but they would be independent with the help of king willem alexander , a nice , dutch-speaking king . 
  so no more kings that are more pro-french language . 
  hooray !, 
  then we could fuse antwerpen and rotterdam harbour to build the biggest harbour in the world again !, 
  together we could be quite strong and relevant !, 
  with the population the same as countries like australia !, 
  and of course brussels would become 100 % dutch again !, 
  hooray !, 
  bbc worldnews and bbc 1 and 2 are included in the basic package , so just the normal price . 
  for bbc first you need some extra package , but i 'm not sure how much something like that would cost . 
  i never watch bbc first , because i do n't have it . 
  sometimes i watch the bbc . 
  worldnews , or bbc 1 or 2 . 
  we also have bbc first ( ? ), 
  i believe now . 
  it broadcasts british tv-shows with dutch subtitles , so it 's quite popular here . 
  you 're going to experience a lot of hassle if you 're going to rely on that specific card . 
  luxembourg is a tri-langual country .
