  newspapers are in german , people speak a lot of french , but also luxembourgish . 
  i think most people in luxembourg are fluent in all three of them . 
  i drink water . 
  about 600ml of plain water every morning before i start eating . 
  whatsapp is the only thing here in the netherlands . 
  the content of npo is really nice in the evenings . 
  also many cool documentary-style programmes . 
  i love that serie . 
  ca n't wait for season 2 . 
  they have a special place with the cart going into the wall and there is a big fan shop with harry potter stuff . 
  so it 's not really big , but it 's fun to visit . 
  the prinsenvlag ( prince flag ) is orange white blue . 
  but it 's linked to apartheid in africa and extreme right groups in general . 
  the flag has a bad image nowadays , unfortunately . 
  people only seem to use voicemails in a professional work setting . 
  it 's still rare though . 
  also knights cross station is a thing , i went there the first time i was in london . 
  i want to do the harry potter tour , but it is bloody expensive . 
  yann tiersen is a great musician . 
  we 've had some skinhead groups around 2000-2006 , but i do n't see them anymore . 
  they used to call themselves neo-nazis , but those groups barely exist anymore . 
  there are some online forums where people complain about the white man losing everything ( like stormfront ) but those forums are more used by a global audience i believe , not sure . 
  so it 's not really a thing anymore . 
  those skinhead groups used to wear lonsdale clothes to show their white pride , so when i see people wearing lonsdale clothes i still presume they sympathise with white supremacy . 
  so ( at least in my area of the netherlands ) wearing lonsdale clothes is still a taboo . 
  we still have an extremely small ultra right wing party called nederlandse volksunie ( dutch people union ) . 
  they do n't have a single seat in the national kabinet , but they have some seats in local counties . 
  while this party is not openly white nationalist , they tend to be really rasict . 
  http://www.nvu.info this is their leader : https://www.nvu.info/beelden/ledencongres%2011%20oktober%202014/constant%20kusters%202.jpg short answer : white supremacy still exist in the netherlands , but it is really small and those groups do n't really have any power . 
  i think those groups exist in any country in the world . 
  not really , the netherlands is a little bit too small to be offended or anything like that . 
  terrible , i hope the violence stops . 
  i think europe should help in a way , but unfortunately erdo\u011fan makes it a little bit more complicated . 
  but europe should help . 
  this is not a troll post ? 
  if no , i would advice you to visit a few european countries to form your own opinion . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be surprised . 
  of course europe has problems , but there is a lot of fear mongering nowadays . 
  europe always been a continent with a lot of cultures , including islamic cultures . 
  right wing media talk about a europe that is on the edge of the apocalypse . 
  left wing media tend to ignore all problems . 
  the truth is probably somewhere in between . 
  this post is troll gold . 
  polls and reality are different things nowadays . 
  there is not a single reason to dislike willem . 
  i seriously like that guy . 
  i follow the facebook of the royal family and he constantly goes to places in the netherlands to visit people ( like poor areas , lgbt-organisations , etc. ), 
  asshole who occupied us , but he is also the guy that gets all the credits for stuff like forcing the people to get a last name , building good roads etc. 
  so he gave us good stuff , but at the same time he was an evil occupier . 
  that 's really generalizing . 
  i know people who only surf the dutch-internet . 
  it 's possible to completely ignore the english-internet . 
  it 's possible to do everything in dutch , there is quite a lot of content considering the fact that the dutch language is n't that big . 
  but i prefer to use both , so i can connect with more parts of the world , like you said . 
  i can walk to almost any story in 10 minutes . 
  otherwise i 'll use my bicycle to go to other places . 
  i also live next to a bus station , so i can take a bus to a bigger city / the rest of the netherlands . 
  traveling to foreign countries is also easy because there are many busses , trains and planes that i can take . 
  i live in a dutch city that is around 1200-1300 years old . 
  the city center feels very authentic , but it does n't feel medieval , more like 1600-ish . 
  we do n't really have a big army or anything , but they have nice commercials http://youtu.be/conurs4wtl0, 
  yeah !, 
  i also dig the poeschl 's ` gletscher prise ' . 
  you could also try this website ( i ordered something once there , and i got it in the mail ) : http://www.northerner.com/ they ship worldwide . 
  nasal snuff ( sniffing tobacco ) is legal in europe , a german tobacco company ( p\u00f6schl tobacco group ) produces some nice flavors , i can buy those in all tobacco stores here in the netherlands . 
  in the netherlands i can buy two brands of chewing tobacco , ` de witte os ' ( the white ox ) and ` kentuck pruimtabak ' . 
  these are made by imperial tobacco ( the producer of gauloises cigarettes ) . 
  there is also a brand called ` v2 tobacco ' from denmark , those guys also make chewing tobacco for the european market . 
  i really like to eat children . 
  i 'm sorry , i always wrongly use ` europe ' ( as a continent ) and ` eu ' . 
  sometimes i feel scared that shit is really going to hit the fan in the eu . 
  welcome guys !, 
  this looks like a great idea . 
  they look awesome , i really like them . 
  i was so freaking happy when i heard this news . 
  eu for the win !, 
  the pink category could also just be ` tobacco ' instead of ` other ' . 
  this is the most useless - yet very interesting - piece of data i have seen of europe in a while . 
  wilders is a crazy man , too bad that there are many people who support his shitty politics anyway . 
  ah , thank you . 
  the british people are fond of their own island and power it seems . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  are there any pro-eu parties in the uk ? 
  low-context . 
  ( the part of the netherlands where i live is the most low-context part of the netherlands . ), 
  very anti-eu i see . 
  what a shame . 
  i hope that we win !, 
  * fingers crossed * but the most interesting winner would be austria of course . 
  fortunately for them , they pay rather much money so they are automatically in the finals . 
  i think it was childish . 
  the russian people are n't all evil people and i think that the song was rather good . 
  of course russia is in a rather bad daylight nowadays , but this is not a political debate ( songfestival ) , but rather a festival to remind us that we are also a beautiful continent . 
  source ? 
  i 'm very curious about this . 
  i 'm malta at heart !, 
  ( i 'm dutch ) . 
  yes , that 's true , but those people are not as aggressive in their campaigns and billboards ( not that i barely see any ) . 
  those people are conservative , but no assholes that make threatening billboards ( thank god ) . 
  no , nothing like that .
