  in europe we have an european elections coming up and in the netherlands there is a ( very small ) party running for the eu election called ` jezus leeft ' ( jesus is alive ) and they want every law based on the bible and stuff like that . 
  but those people are a tiny minority and they get barely any support , they have some billboards but they are mainly against eu-membership . 
  i feel like a frisian person , friesland is a province of the netherlands . 
  i do n't really feel very dutch . 
  i 'm very pro-europe , so i also feel a european . 
  a frisian-european person i would guess . 
  i speak english , dutch and german , so i can read more than 60 % of the internet , awesome . 
  i was a chrome beta tester , and since that day it was the best browser for me , especially when i installed the minimalist-theme . 
  well , when you life practically next to the north sea , speak more fries then dutch and the nearest mcdonalds is 35 kilometers away , then you life in a different world then the ` randstad ' . 
  two weeks ago , when i was in rotterdam , i travelled with the metro for the first time of my life , it was magical . 
  both continents hold different people in each street in each and every city/village . 
  the more you know about a certain place , the more you see the little differences . 
  for an example : i 'm dutch , i live in the north of the netherlands , me and my friends , and the whole community i live in do n't feel anything when they think about the big cities here in the netherlands , when i visit those i am an alien in my own country . 
  here in the netherlands we have the mckroket . 
  i loved that book . 
  geert wilders is crazy . 
  i hope people realize that most dutch people are no racists . 
  nice , so only apple does n't have the same charger . 
  yes , android and windows phones all have the same chargers , micro usb i believe . 
  i really love the fact that i can say : does someone has an charger i can borrow , it 's so easy . 
  sometimes , when i read shit like this , i would n't care if the world would explode . 
  the human sometimes embarrass themself with shit like this . 
  nothing !, 
  that 's the problem !, 
  there are many stupid people !, 
  we got a new bavaria 8-6 : bavaria 8-6 extreme , which has 10,2 % alcohol . 
  another santa ? \u00bf ? 
  ban it . 
  in my hometown many people start to scream all kinds of bullshit that all muslims must die because they want to take ` our ' sinterklaas . 
  racism got worse because of this discussion . 
  russia and the netherlands are having all kinds of shit right now . 
  and the most funny part is that this year is the ` russia-netherlands ' year . 
  because they are such good friends . 
  my best guess would be ` sharia for holland ' . 
  this was small group that protested against democracy . 
  they where cooperating with ` sharia for belgium ' , sharia for belgium was a little bigger and better organized . 
  sharia for holland is non-existing at the moment and i 'm not sure about sharia for belgium , i have n't heard anything from those guys lately . 
  it 's real , but it 's a very small group . 
  the moment when i was reading the title of the post i felt a cold feeling going to my spine . 
  i always had nightmares about this creature . 
  i speak german ( germany ) and dutch ( belgium ) , but no french ( belgium ) . 
  so yeah , it 's quite okay i guess . 
  and if you count the uk as a neighbor , i also speak english . 
  i can communicate with most neighbors . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  i think it 's still a sad situation . 
  ugh , i get tiresd of these fucks . 
  they give right-wings people new arguments why we must close europe . 
  they actively make the life of refugees harder . 
  are these criminals really that dumb and selfish that they want to screw all there fellow-migrants ? 
  one of my friends has a few guns ( he has a gun license and such ) because his hobby is reenactment ( simulating battles ) . 
  he has a mp40 and a few rifles ( all german weapons ) . 
  they still work with real ammo and such . 
  so when shit is going to hit the fan , i will flee to his house so that he , me and a few other people can form a tiny army :p, 
  i 'll just ebay all my shit . 
  extremism , on all sides , will get worse and we are going to collectively hit the fan with shit . 
  europe really has to do something , they are doing a terrible job at the moment . 
  the whole eu has to help countries like italy and greece with much more money and soldiers and such for border control . 
  maybe he will kill you !, 
  you would n't be the first one ! ... 
  in my hometown we have a legend that there is a giant shrimp living under the bridge in the centre of the town . 
  a few hundred years ago fishermen were n't able to catch it . 
  some say it can catch you and kill you if it wants . 
  for the last few hundred years , the shrimp is also a symbol for our town . 
  i used to smoke 20 cigarettes a day ( i do n't smoke anymore ) , but i still know quite a few people who smoke the same amount as i used to smoke , so it 's not that unlikely . 
  yeah , that 's true , getting a legal firearm and a permit to take it across borders is almost impossible . 
  it 's very easy , as long as you do n't care about papers . 
  it cost maybe 200 dollars for a used gun . 
  the russian people are comrades , in my opinion they 'll deserve this world-cup . 
  maybe we can tighten the bond between europe and russia a little bit more again , that would be great and is also necessary . 
  ahh . 
  nice . 
  i like how the benelux always makes great progress . 
  dutch - native speaker frisian - native speaker english - good german - only reading/listening , not good at speaking writing, 
  do n't forget the president of the united states is called barack hussein obama . 
  sharia law in the usa is the next logical step if we do n't stop the terrorists !, 
  never , sadly . 
  i do n't know , all the small packs have 19 cigarettes , never 20 . 
  here in the netherlands one pack of cigarettes cost $ 6,20 ( marlboro , 19 cigarettes ) . 
  label everything instead , this is a bad idea . 
  i rather buy israeli goods than saudi-arabian stuff , for example . 
  it 's a bad idea to just label a single country ( only the stuff made by the settlers , i know ) , this idea is just a way to bully israel once more . 
  germany : cheap groceries , fuel and tobacco . 
  belgium : good beer . 
  too bad he does n't speak the second and only besides dutch official language in the netherlands ( not the kingdom , only the country ) . 
  we frisians want to be free , but my dutch passport is way too powerful to give up . 
  not many frisians really want to be independent , but there is some sort of hate against the western-part of the netherlands ( where all the big dutch cities are ) . 
  many people ( sometimes including me ) think that the dutch government in the hague only cares about the big cities and their people . 
  they tend to forget us , like they do in groningen , because it seems at first that they did n't cared about the population and their safety , they only want money , so they kept pumping gas , causing earthquakes . 
  i 'm really proud to be frisian , to speak frisian and to really feel frisian . 
  but it 's not realistic to become independent . 
  maybe when groningen , drenthe and west-germany want to join . 
  so that we once again become the most awesome part of the world . 
  i hope belgium is going to kick ass . 
  go go belgium , rode duivels for the winnnnnn, 
  i like my neighbors . 
  i can speak dutch in a big part of the country and we have a very close relationship and a long history . 
  viva la benelux !, 
  i also love luxembourg . 
  on of the three most awesome countries in the eu .
