  it 's small , but very beautiful . 
  germany . 
  i love germany . 
  the people are nice , i like their language and we are overall very good neighbors . 
  ah wilders , crazy man . 
  completely lost reality . 
  screams anything necessary to get more votes . 
  meh , i think that smoking is a real ` bar ' thing , i like it . 
  it 's forbidden , but small bars tend to ignore this rule , i 'm still smoking inside in my local bar . 
  in his defense , alcohol is forbidden in most islamic countries . 
  in some islamic countries stuff like cough-medicine with alcohol is also forbidden . 
  drinking alcohol is considered haram and against the islam . 
  most muslims that i know also do not drink alcohol , and those who do drink alcohol are most of the time ex-muslim . 
  hush , some day the frisians are going to take back what is ours . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  and i 'm proud that people still wear clogs here . 
  not where i live . 
  many young and old people that i know wear clogs on a daily base , the supermarket ( jumbo ) is filled with people shopping with their clogs ( for example ) . 
  you can always hear a few people walking around with there clogs on . 
  but apparently i 'm living on one of the last clog frontiers . 
  yeah , clogs are perfect for these kind of work, 
  i still wear clogs when i have to do work in the garden / just want to chill in my spare time . 
  i you leave amsterdam and you go to more rural areas you will meet many people who still wear clogs . 
  i like the frisian flag . 
  i love the king and i would be very sad to see him leave . 
  i 'm with you man , going insane here . 
  the uk needs friends . 
  if they support turkey , they have a friend . 
  if the whole eu is hostile against the uk , they have a friend . 
  if the uk is friends with the eu , they still have turkey as their friend . 
  if turkey joins the eu , they have a good friend in the eu . 
  win , win , win . 
  screw that shit . 
  privacy is gone unfortunately . 
  my bet , sorry . 
  turkey is also one of the founding members . 
  it 's just a random map , do n't take it too serious :p, 
  well fuck you then . 
  i like my king . 
  i like the king and i do n't agree with you . 
  you have to show respect to the king , just like you have to show respect to anyone . 
  and the guy made picture of the king getting executed , that 's terrible . 
  well , walloons generally do n't speak dutch . 
  what a terrible idea , and absolutely not possible to enforce . 
  we lose our freedom step by step . 
  i 'm a white male . 
  it was just a joke :p, 
  death to white males !, 
  they never did anything good in this world !, 
  i see , that seems reasonable . 
  that 's true . 
  but my point is that the uk wants to have stricter tobacco laws then the eu , but i 'm not sure if the uk wanted to ban menthol , i have to read some more about that . 
  the uk made the decision to go full plain packaging instead 65 % warnings on both sides . 
  the uk is more anti-tobacco than the eu . 
  65 % graphic warnings on both front - and backsides of the cigarette pack . 
  also text warning on both left - and right side replacing the tar/nicotine/monoxide information . 
  this is mandatory for all eu countries . 
  in the uk they are forcing plain packaging and france and ireland also want to introduce plain packaging instead of the mandatory 65 % warning . 
  the uk seems to treat tobacco and related products much harsher than the eu ( 100 % plain packaging ) , so i doubt that . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  the fisher boats in the harbor of kobe used hiragana and alfabet when i went shopping there last week , as far as i remember . 
  but you are probably right . 
  also katakana is considered ` cool ' sometimes so they use it on products/advertisement sometimes to make it more ` cool ' . 
  your are right , my fault , i was typing this on my phone while sitting in the bus . 
  katakana : only for loanwords and foreign names . 
  hiragana : japanese words and things you use to make a sentence ( particles and such ) , kanji is for specific things , like chineze , it 's a ` letter ' for a specific thing . 
  some kanji have many meanings . 
  all these three words have the same pronunciation . 
  the kanji and hiragana one are used , not the katakana , because i ( watashi ) is not a loan word . 
  the european union is crumbling faster and faster . 
  swedes can not have a critical opinion about anything , every negative opinion makes someone a racist . 
  my opinion would probably be considered racist in sweden . 
  i do n't understand the swedish mentality at all at the moment . 
  losing the ability to think critically is something i do n't want to lose , my freedom is not to only say that , that offends nobody . 
  nowadays everything seems to be offensive anyway . 
  the most annoying part is that people sometimes immediately label me a ` racist ' when i say i 'm against burqa 's / etc. 
  i 'm not , burqa 's are n't a race . 
  yes , when it is really cold people cover their face with a scarf or something . 
  but this is only outside and in case of protection because the weather is really harsh . 
  people do n't continue to cover their face the whole day , in every building , etc. 
  maybe , but i do n't feel safe when people fully cover their face . 
  maybe there are valid arguments to defend the niqab , but in my personal opinion , those argument weigh lower than the feeling of safety , it 'd only natural that people want to be able to see the face of other people . 
  also , walking around with a ski mask or closed motorcycle helmet is almost always consider strange/intimidating/etc . 
  what do you think , should that also be under the freedom of expression ? 
  i 'm sorry for all the downvotes . 
  a niqab and anything related ( burqa , ski mask , hockey mask and such ) should not be tolerated in public spaces , so this is good . 
  the face of a person should be visible at all times . 
  never forget #glasgow 2016, 
  well , the small one on the right is a 3d hologram . 
  so you 're not completely wrong . 
  two weeks ago . 
  it 's more a matter of taste i suppose , but i do n't like cities that are super young . 
  and i generally do n't like the vibe in almere . 
  but that 's just me . 
  almere is one of the biggest hellholes in the netherlands , in my humble opinion . 
  it 's so extremely ugly . 
  i would love to have a big printed map like this one of europe . 
  he actually quit smoking years ago . 
  i will join every demonstration if his party becomes the biggest party next year . 
  i 'm ashamed that many fellow dutchies vote for this joke .
