they 've got some pretty good modern music too ... any other kipelov fans here ? 
  oh yes , i was saying that i , wrongly , assumed prices where you are would be more than prices here in hawai'i . 
  i figured our transport costs would be less than your vat ( or whatever applicable tax ) , but apparently it is not . 
  i understood that you said your prices were less . 
  i recognize the dutch flag , but read your flair saying you are in belgium/france , so i figured that 's where you meant . 
  milk is more expensive in france than hawai'i ? 
  wow , i would have thought it would be cheaper here than there . 
  well , as they say , that 's price of paradise . 
  okay , $ 1.51 per liter then , which is $ 1.19 per liter . 
  not sure how that price compares to european prices . 
  that 's where i live . 
  it 's probably not as expensive as many parts of europe , but definitely more expensive than the mainland . 
  a gallon of milk here is about $ 5.69 , i think . 
  ^ is ^ this ^ working ? 
  here in the us , i see more things made in france than made in the uk . 
  on the topic of language , do germans ever regret that ` dass ' is n't spelled spelled ` da\u00df ' anymore ? 
  try costco or sams club , i think they usually have it for a good price , if you 're into the membership thing , that is . 
  he did n't just download , he also sold the movies for a profit , and this is after previously receiving warnings from police to stop . 
  it 's [ a thing . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wheat_gluten_%28food%29 ), 
  those look more like cycads than palms . 
  cycads and palms look similar , but palms are flowering plants , while cycads are a totally different and very old group of plants that diverged a long , long time ago . 
  a palm is more closely related to a carrot than a cycad . 
  yes , we get it . 
  most american supermarkets have a section of high quality and imported cheeses , usually separate from the standard cheese section . 
  you 're fine . 
  i guess i sort of get some of the hate for the common yellow american cheese ( while i 'd rather have jarlsberg myself , i do n't mind yellow american ) but i still do n't get the hate on hershey 's chocolate . 
  i 've had all sorts of chocolates , from all over the globe , including super high quality hand made chocolates from locally grown specialty varieties of cacao , so i think i know good chocolate , but i still think hershey 's is not bad . 
  not the best , no , but not bad , and certainly no where close to as bad as people make it out to be . 
   these herbicide/pesticiced tolerant crops just to be clear here , there are no insecticide resistant crops . 
  there are insect resistant crops that can require less insecticides , however . 
  technically speaking , herbicides and insecticides are both pesticides , but most people use the term pesticide and insecticide interchangeably so i just wanted to point that out . 
   the farmer can still get rid of the resistant weeds sometimes simply by using more herbicide or use a herbicide with another mode of action is a common strategy . 
  being resistant to glyphosate does n't mean a weed will be resistant to glufosinate , for example , as each herbicide targets a different enzyme in the plant . 
  the ideal would be to rotate crops and use herbicides of differing modes of action periodically to mitigate resistance development . 
   gm crops worsened the situation significantly which is why the term is used often . 
  if by worsened significantly you mean they brought a lot of benefits that no one wants to see eroded , then i suppose , but that 's a rather warped way to put things . 
  about ` superweeds ' , ask yourself this : if these herbicide tolerant ge crops provided no benefits , why would the rise of weeds that do not die when sprayed be a problem ? 
  you ca n't say they have no benefits * and * the benefits are eroding . 
  of course , they do have benefits , which is why these resistant weeds are such a problem . 
  also , ` superweed ' is a sensationalist term . 
  herbicide resistant weeds are nothing new ; it was n't until gmos got involved that people started coming up with terms like superweed and superpest to describe previously encountered agricultural problems . 
  as for bee health , it sure is important , but that is n't something relevant to the topics of gmos , although that does n't stop conspiracy sites from going on about it ( and yes , link # 2 is a conspiracy site , check out how they feel about vaccines ) . 
  i think you linked to the wrong section ; [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monsanto#as_plaintiff ) is the one you wanted . 
  it does n't really make your ` suing left and right ' claim . 
   they already own 14 percent of the worlds fresh water supply interesting . 
  never heard that one before . 
  got citation on that one ? 
   they then genetically modify their seeds so that they can only be grown once ( ie . 
  the fruits/vegetables seeds they produce are infertile ) so that year after year farmers have to return to monsanto who become their seed suppliers . 
  i love how there is simultaneously the myth that monsanto 's seeds are infertile , while another myth says they sue farmers for cross pollination . 
  here 's how it is : for quite a number of crops , farmers do n't usually save seed . 
  the reason is hybrid vigor ; many crops , like maize and canola , are hybrid lines , giving superior yield in the first generation , but are irregular the next . 
  if you cross a plant with genes aa with one with genes bb , you get ab , which can be better than the parents , but cross ab with ab , and you get aa , ab , and bb , which is not optimal . 
  farmers have been buying seed annually long before gmos were a thing . 
  this is n't just science ; it is history . 
  people confuse this fact with the ` terminator seeds ' which were designed to prevent cross pollination issues ( and subsequently protested so hard that monsanto never implemented them , because damned if you do and damned if you do n't ) and contracts . 
  to buy genetically engineered seed ( at least , seed sold by a corporation , which thanks to obscenely restrictive regulations is almost all of then ) farmers first sign a contract saying they wo n't save the seed , which for most farmers really is n't a problem ( see first paragraph ) . 
  additionally , there is absolutely nothing stopping any farmer from going to another supplier like dow agrosciences , syngenta , vilmorin ( good american companies those eh ? ), 
  or simply saving seed ( although they probably wo n't if there are hybrid lines that make economic sense ) . 
  question for europeans : this video included the anti-gmo symbol a lot , is that something that is often discussed in your country 's local media/discussions about ttip , or is that just because this is a green party video ? 
  well , piper is the genus of the spice black pepper , piper nigrum . 
  and i think its species name sounds pretty cool . 
  i would n't exactly call it particularly intoxicating , despite the plant 's species name . 
  it is n't really something that makes you act that differently , like cannabis for example would . 
  it 's more like reverse coffee . 
  it has sort of a calming sort of effect . 
  in hawai'i it was traditionally called the pau hana ( work 's end ) drink , the thing you drank after work to ease your muscles . 
  drink too much and you might have some trouble standing and just want to sleep though . 
  also makes your tongue and throat go a bit numb , that takes some getting used to . 
  kind of . 
  there was a problem with extracts of kava that were sold a while back when it became really big and popular . 
  kava takes two years to produce the roots you use , so the sudden rise in popularity resulted in a shortage of root . 
  it turned out that some unscrupulous producers of the extracts were buying and processing the stem of the plant , which is not the part you should use ; only the root should be consumed . 
  polynesian cultures have been consuming kava for centuries without reports of liver danger . 
  you probably should n't drink it if you have liver problems , though , and i would be wary of any concentrated supplements and extracts ( especially ones with unverified health claims on them ) , but people with healthy livers should be fine . 
  at least , that 's what i 've heard from the people i know who do research on kava ( as in professional crop scientists , not googling stuff ) anyway . 
  good on poland . 
  they should consider doing something about their ban on kava too while they 're at it . 
  not my native language , but for german , [ revolverheld ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccknau8jdqo ) is good . 
  some antisemitic nutters out there actually believe the nazis were part of a jewish plot of some sort and the holocaust was orchestrated and/or fabricated by some zionist conspiracy , as unbelievably stupid as that may sound . 
  monsanto produces a lot of non-gmo seed . 
  companies other than monsanto ( like swiss company syngenta or german company bayer ) produce a lot of gmo seed . 
  saying you do not want to eat gmo crops because you do not like monsanto is like saying you do not want to drive a truck because you do not like toyota ; it just makes no sense . 
  besides that , most of the stuff people say about monsanto is either baseless or biased . 
   even if the few cases were overblown it 's still a farce . 
  i love that comment . 
  sums up the anti-gmo movement so succinctly ( edit : even if you claim to not be anti-gmo , that something was false is not an insignificant detail . 
  no one has even been sued for simple cross pollination , and to say they have is like saying someone caught selling bootleg dvds got in trouble for home movies . ) . 
   yes and there are already glyphosate resistant weeds no one denies that . 
  no one denies that there are problems . 
  there are problems with everything . 
  you are playing the nirvana fallacy if you are saying that a problem invalidates a concept . 
  herbicide resistant weeds have been a thing since the 70 's , and the problem is that they threaten to negate the benefits * already provided * by herbicide tolerant crops . 
  claiming they are a problem is to admit herbicide tolerant crops are a positive thing . 
   with one company holding a monster-share of the market i would n't say [ pioneer ] ( http://www.agweb.com/article/behind_the_seed_scene/ ) has a monster share . 
   you ca n't really expect people to trust a company that has resorted to that in the past to get past legislation . 
  i never once asked anyone to trust any company , nor will i. 
   but the idea that we should just be lacks about it is stupid . 
  i never suggested lax regulation either .
