  to give a differing opinion , i do n't see a problem with plant patents . 
  i work in the field of crop improvement ( no , not for a for-profit corporation ) . 
  if i come out with something useful , i want my organization to profit from that , not so that someone gets rich , but so that that money can be put back into plant science to fund future improvements . 
  my favorite apple , a variety called snowsweet ( not sure if it is available outside the us , but imagine a somewhat small but very flavorful apple with hints of lychee , very nice ) , is patented . 
  it was developed by the same people who developed the honeycrisp apple , on its royalties . 
  i 'm glad that honeycrisp was patented , because it funded future innovation . 
  why is it expected that those in crop improvement should not get the benefits of patents which every other field receives ? 
  if someone does not like plant patents , there are plenty of non-patented alternatives . 
  i fail to see how eliminating patents helps anyone in the long term . 
   since many gmo are `` roundup resistant '' , these gmo increase the use of pesticides . 
  what do you mean by ` pesticides ' ? 
  because you are referring to an awful lot of things by that , and they are not all equal . 
  yes , some genetically engineered crops are designed to tolerate certain herbicides . 
  it 's understandable how that sounds bad , however , compared to some of the other weed control systems out there though , i 'd sooner have the transgenic systems . 
  many people seem to forget that the choice is not between ge herbicide resistant systems versus nothing at all ; weeds are a reality of agriculture , and the realistic choice is between a the weed control methods using safer herbicides ( which includes the genetically engineered weed control systems ) and those using less safe ones . 
  until something better comes along , i 'd chose the former . 
  unfortunately , ` gmos increase pesticides ' is a much easier thing to say and pass on than a nuanced discussion about the relative merits of differing weed control systems ( which your average person knows nothing about ) . 
   other gmo produce pesticides . 
  this de facto introduces pesticides . 
  it frustrates me to hear this sort of thing , because while true , it is also rather misleading . 
  all plants produce defensive compounds . 
  in a conventional breeding program , those compounds might be raised or lowered . 
  it 's true that some genetically engineered crops produce insecticidal proteins . 
  however , this is just one more plant produced insecticide , and one that is as safe as you are going to get . 
  we know its mode of action , it is not toxic to humans , and no , that it kills certain insects does not imply danger ( you would n't say grapes and chocolate are dangerous because they 're no good for dogs would you ? 
  you could make that same argument against conventional breeding . 
  resistance genes that once worked against , for example , hessian flies in wheat are no longer working in some cases . 
  it 's called resistance breakdown . 
  the only difference is that when it happens with genetic engineering , it makes bigger news . 
  it means these tools should be well manged ; it does not mean they should not be used . 
   but i get the impression that in the us , if you do n't want gmos you have to buy things with `` organic '' labels and that 's pretty bad . 
  not really . 
  there are only eight species of crop that are genetically engineered : corn , soy , cotton , canola , alfalfa , sugar beet , summer squash , and papaya . 
  if you know what to look for ( for example , popcorn is not genetically engineered while field corn is , and only fresh market summer squash is genetically engineered , and only the papaya produced in hawai'i is genetically engineered ) then you can make a pretty good guess as to what to avoid if you do n't want to consume genetically engineered ingredients . 
  if you are eating rice or grapes or parsnips or basil , those are not going to be genetically engineered . 
  if you are eating something containing corn or canola or cottonseed , it probably was derived from genetically engineered crops . 
  i do not see how this is a bad thing . 
  there is no more reason to avoid genetically engineered items than there is is avoid items developed by any other crop improvement method . 
  if you make the personal choice to avoid them , that 's your decision and you are free to make it , however , your dietary restrictions are your own responsibility , no one else 's . 
  this is n't the same as something like allergen or nutrient labels that have actual health related significance ; this is more like a religious restriction like halal or kosher . 
  if you want to follow whatever lifestyle you want , that 's none of my business . 
  but you pay for it ; you do n't get to dictate regulations because of how you feel , and if taking the time to educate yourself on your own beliefs is too much of a burden , then i really do n't have much sympathy at all . 
  yeah , do n't i wish it worked that way ... but eh , sometimes it does . 
  i do n't know finland 's climate zones too well , or how long of a growing season you have , so this might be pushing it , but in southern finland you might be able to grow actinidia arguta as well . 
  maybe , if you plant it in the right spot . 
  you can , but you might be better off seeing if any local plant nurseries have kiwi plants if you are really interested in growing a kiwi . 
  as with almost all fruit crops , the plants are asexually propagated to preserve the quality of a variety , so if you grow it from a seed , you might not get as high quality of a fruit . 
  also , kiwis are either male or female to produce fruit , and you need at least one of each to get good pollination and ensure fruit setting ( if i remember correctly , i think the ideal ratio is 1 male per 8 females ) . 
  so if you do grow from seed , half your plants will never give you fruit . 
  and you will need a trellis because kiwis grow on vines . 
  there are gmo papayas out there , but not in the eu . 
  there are genetically engineered papaya grown in hawai'i ( i 'll be having one of them for breakfast tomorrow ) , but those are modified to be resistant to a virus that affects papaya , not for cold tolerance . 
  if you really want to try growing something like a papaya , depending on your particular climate , you might be able to find a [ babaco ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/babaco ) to try to grow . 
  pretty sure they grow them in italy and i think also spain on a small scale , they can probably be grown in portugal . 
  they 're related to papaya , and while they are not as sweet , they are more cold hardy . 
  there 's also [ mountain papayas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mountain_papaya ) , another papaya-like plant that is adapted to cooler climates , which are not too good fresh , but when cooked in some sugar , can be pretty good . 
  i 've had canned ones from chile which were really tasty . 
  i do n't know exactly how well that one would do in portugal , but i know some hobbyists manage to grow them in california . 
  some of monsanto 's biggest crops , like corn , soy , canola , and cotton , are grown for the seeds ( or in cotton 's case the fiber on the seeds ) . 
  if they were seedless , they would not produce anything . 
  absolutely . 
  have you ever had grilled pineapple ? 
  it works pretty well on a pizza . 
  sweet and savory pairs with lots of things . 
  take a pizza with pineapple , throw on something salty like ham or jerked chicken , add some onions and jalape\u00f1os , it 's a lot better than people seem to think it is . 
  pineapple also works well in a stir fry , add in chicken , soy sauce , sesame oil , ginger , garlic , allspice , red pepper flakes , other vegetables , cook it up , good stuff . 
  you are confusing two totally different types . 
  there are insect resistant crops , like bt corn and bt brinjal , which are resistant to certain types of insect , then there are herbicide tolerant crops , like roundup ready canola and libertylink soybeans which are designed to not die when sprayed with certain types of herbicide . 
  these are separate types of modification to deal with very different problems . 
  the first type does reduce the need to spray insecticides . 
  the second type promotes different weed control systems , which long story short is much more complicated of a topic , but nonetheless have generally shifted agriculture to better weed control methods . 
  does this also sell an herbicide ? 
  yes , but know that the most popular of these is off patent , and you can even get generics of the plant ... the university of arkansas has already developed a generic herbicide tolerant soybean after monsanto 's patent expired . 
  organic food with natural pesticides like solanine , piperine , caffine , and maysin ? 
  and just because something hurts insects does not mean it will hurt you . 
  chocolate and grapes are toxic to dogs , but that does n't mean humans should stop eating chocolate and grapes . 
  stick to organic if it makes you happy . 
  but there 's nothing wrong with bt crops . 
  that 's a concern of herbicide tolerant crops , and a complex one at that ( complex because weed control is not optional and some sort of weed control system has to be used ... if it is not one thing it will be another , and the ones used with genetically engineered crops are among the best ) , but like i said , that 's not an issue of genetic engineering . 
  for example , basf 's clearfield sunflowers are conventionally bred to be resistant the the beyond herbicide , yet i 've never seen anyone question or argue against conventional breeding on those grounds . 
  a discussion of comparative weed control methods is a good discussion to have , but you ca n't pretend it is a gmo exclusive issue ; it is just that the ge crops are the only ones the general public is aware of . 
  i think that 's why the public is so opposed to them but farmers here in the us like them ... the farmers know how things used to be and compare them to other weed control systems ( personally , i 'd rather have the systems used with ge crops ... you can say i ) , the public never knew and compares the ge weed control systems to nothing at all . 
  with gmo labeling , the genetically engineered virus resistant papaya i ate yesterday , which was developed by the university of hawai\u02bbi and cornell university , would be labeled . 
  meanwhile , a variety of tomato developed by monsanto would not be labeled . 
  tell me , what does that do to big agra ? 
  it 's fine to object to the practices of big businesses , if you have objections to things that actually happened . 
  but do n't confuse that with science and science based regulations , any more than creationism apologists should conflate education and freedom of religion . 
  my comparison was fair . 
  both cases are attempts to create confusion and propagate misconceptions by saying just enough information to make people think the wrong thing . 
   while afaik no gmo is proven toxic , every ge plant is different , even if you prove one is n't toxic in any way , it does n't say anything about other/future ge products . 
  and there is more to gmo than health issues . 
  the exact same thing could be said of conventionally bred crops . 
  people just do n't hear about that as often . 
  nobody complains when , for example , hessian flies overcome conventionally bred resistance genes in wheat . 
  no one outside of agriculture even knows that 's a problem . 
  but when european corn borers do the exact same thing in transgenic corn , then it 's a controversy . 
  herbicide resistant weeds have been a problem in agriculture for decades , but now that the exact same thing happens in transgenic crops , they 're called ` super weeds . ', 
   but we need to protect concerned consumers , but we 're not . 
  we 're lying to them . 
  if a bunch of ` concerned consumers ' demanded that organic carrots carry a label saying ` contains neurotoxins ' that would be an accurate label , but it would also be a lie .
