  she looks like a female mr burns ( from the simpsons ) . 
  she has the same anachronistic out of touch mentality and the same wooden and slightly sinister demeanour , too . 
  dear germany , you know how after you made some really bad political decisions in a fit of collective madness in the middle of the 20th century , and we came , invaded you , occupied the country , put the villains on trial and then helped rebuild democratic institutions ? 
  well , now would be a great time to return the favour . 
  cheers !, 
  see my ` edit for clarity ' above . 
  not saying that the government did it . 
  only that there might be a certain type of political strategist whose morals are so low that they 'd be delighted by the opportunity that this creates - theresa may , after running scared from the tv debates , suddenly gets to turn up in front of 10 downing street and try to shape perceptions more favourably . 
  my first reaction was ` oh , the tory strategists will be thrilled - labour were doing surprisingly well in the polls after manchester , and this gives theresa may another opportunity to appear ` strong and stable ' . 
  my second reaction was to be a little less of a paranoid conspiracy theorist . 
  i mean , surely not even the ` evil wicked tories ' ( as my father used to call them ) would stoop so low . 
  edit for clarity : i 'm not suggesting for a moment that the government caused this . 
  only that there might be a certain type of political strategist whose morals are so low that they 'd be delighted by the opportunity that this creates - theresa may , after running scared from the tv debates , suddenly gets to turn up in front of 10 downing street and try to shape perceptions more favourably . 
  the people who actually commit the crimes probably will not be swayed by such improvements - they are , almost by definition , unreasonable and murderous people . 
  however ( and this is the key ) the wider community , if it has less of a reason for grievance , and more of a stake in society , will be less likely to turn a blind eye to or secretly support those who commit these crimes . 
  even if repeal is not explicitly in the manifesto anymore , theresa may 's hostile attitude to the human rights act and the european convention on human rights is a major ` red flag ' that has not been given enough coverage in this election . 
  labour 's record on human rights and civil liberties is not great , but blair 's first term did at least result in the human rights act and the freedom of information act , which were moderately beneficial steps forward . 
  i 'd be terrified of any prime minister who is so openly dismissive of basic human rights protections . 
  it means nothing unless countersigned by a responsible minister . 
  the council of state would squash this in an instant . 
  i know , i was n't being entirely serious - just trying to think of cultural icons that connect to my hot-fast vs cool-slow hypothesis . 
  makes sense to me . 
  so much of spanish culture seems to be hot , rapid , intense . 
  portuguese culture seems slower , perhaps more gentle and nuanced . 
  think of the difference between flamenco and fado . 
  on a formal level , whenever parliament is dissolved , it is the queen who acts - although she acts on the binding ` advice ' of the prime minister . 
  the question is whether the queen could : ( i ) dissolve parliament without the advice of the prime minister ; ( ii ) refuse to dissolve parliament when asked by the prime minister . 
  there is a global family of countries with westminster-derived systems of government , being former british colonies and in many cases continuing to be ` commonwealth realms ' ( i.e. 
  retaining the queen as head of state ) . 
  the general principles of dissolution are similar in most of these countries , being based on british conventions , but the details vary . 
  in some countries within this westminster-derived family , dissolution is regulated by convention . 
  this is true of those countries which became practically independent in the 19th or early 20th centuries - canada , australia and new zealand . 
  the conventions are not law , they are just practices of government that are recognised as being morally binding - although it 's not true to say that they are ` unwritten ' , since there has been a movement to express conventions in official documents such as the [ cabinet manual ] ( https://cabinetmanual.cabinetoffice.govt.nz/6.56 ) in new zealand . 
  in other countries , the rules on dissolution are translated into clear , legal terms in the text of the constitution . 
  this is usually the case in countries which became independent in the 1960s or late . 
  st lucia 's constitution ( section 55 ) provides a good example :  ( 1 ) the governor-general may at any time prorogue or dissolve parliament . 
    ( 2 ) subject to the provisions of subsection ( 3 ) of this section parliament , unless sooner dissolved , shall continue for five years  from the date of the first sitting of the house after any dissolution and shall then stand dissolved . 
   ( 3 ) at any time when saint lucia is at war , parliament may extend the period of five years specified in subsection ( 2 ) of this section for not more than twelve months at a time :   provided that the life of parliament shall not be extended under this subsection for more than five years . 
    ( 4 ) in the exercise of this powers to dissolve parliament , the governor-general shall act in accordance with the advice of the prime minister :   provided that -   a ) if the prime minister advises a dissolution and the governor-general , acting in his own deliberate judgment , considers that the government of saint lucia can be carried on without a dissolution and that a dissolution would not be in the interests of saint lucia , he may , acting in his own deliberate judgment , refuse to dissolve parliament ;   b ) if a resolution of no confidence in the government is passed by the house and the prime minister does not within three days either resign or advise a dissolution the governor-general , acting in his own deliberate judgment , may dissolve parliament ; and   c ) if the office of the prime minister is vacant and the governor-general , acting in his own deliberate judgment , considers that  there is no prospect of his being able within a reasonable time to  make an appointment to that office the governor-general shall  dissolve parliament . 
  the term ` in his own deliberate judgment ' in the above quote means that the governor-general , in those rare circumstances , is not required to act on the ` advice ' of the prime minister . 
  the uk is an outlier , because these things are neither defined in a written constitution nor dependent on convention , but are regulated in an act of parliament - the fixed term parliaments act , 2011 . 
  that act provides that the queen may dissolve parliament before the end of its five year term only in two conditions : ( i ) if there is a vote of no-confidence , and no new government is formed within a certain time ; or ( ii ) if the house of commons by a two-thirds majority votes for its own dissolution . 
  the latter is what happened in this case . 
  if you want to learn more about the dissolution of parliament , i recommend this [ primer from the international institute for democracy and electoral assistance ] ( http://www.constitutionnet.org/sites/default/files/dissolution_of_parliament_final.pdf ) . 
  also , the uk should n't be treated as one country . 
  it 's a union of countries , which ( we are told ) are equal in status , despite vast differences in size and population . 
  wales needs a fair voice , as do scotland and northern ireland . 
  plaid cymru is irrelevant , to all intents and purposes , in a uk context , but it is important ( it has been a governing party ) in the welsh context ; that welsh context has to be accommodated in a uk election , if wales is to have a place in the union . 
  otherwise it 's not a union , it 's just england writ-large . 
  most mps vote with their party whip most of the time . 
  exceptions are relatively rare . 
  but they do happen , and sometimes that can make a difference . 
  there was a time when losing almost any vote in the house of commons would have been seen as a loss of ` confidence ' and would have resulted in the resignation of the government and/or a general election ( ivor jennings , one of the best mid-twentieth century scholars of the westminster system , made this point quite forcefully ) . 
  however , i think that convention is not quite as strong as it once was ; governments have been defeated on some pretty important votes , but have chosen not to treat that as a loss of confidence and have carried on in office after changing their policy . 
  it 's rare , but it happens . 
  depends to some extent on party loyalty as well as the size of the majority . 
  if the tories have a small majority and a substantial bloc of rebellious backbenchers , then a disciplined opposition can occasionally make common cause with the ` rebels ' to defeat the government on particular votes ( e.g. 
  2013 vote on the bombing of syria ) . 
  more often , they can force the government to moderate its proposals . 
  at the very least , they can force the government to think through and justify its actions , which in itself can have a ( marginal ) moderating influence . 
  scotland does n't need ` direct wealth transfer ' to ` keep it going ' . 
  simply having our own revenues would be enough . 
  ( let 's not get into a pointless argument about gers , because all gers proves is that scotland is n't prospering to its full potential inside the uk , it has nothing to say about the economic situation of an independent scotland ) . 
  i 'm working on the scottish independence angle . 
  vive le auld alliance !, 
  you have to say : `` belgique , belgi\u00eb , belgien ! '', 
  there 's too much red on the scottish flag . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  would it actually be ` single eu army ' , though ? 
  i do n't think that 's really what even the most ardent federalists practically have in mind . 
  surely there would still be national armed forces , but with a much stronger eu-level command , co-ordination and logistics system ? 
  do you think that will change in the next government ? 
  if i recall correctly , both cda and vvd wanted to increase defence spending . 
  will d66 and gl ( assuming the latter are still in the game ) let them ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't share your confidence . 
  the ` good chaps ' theory of government just does n't hold anymore . 
  what worries me is that the uk is in a politically difficult situation right now . 
  brexit has divided the country in many different ways , not least by giving more impetus to scottish independence ( itself not a bad thing , but it escalates matters and might provoke a stand-off ) . 
  we are two weeks away from an election that could see a hard brexit government returned to power almost by default , with a much larger majority and a very weak , divided opposition . 
  we 've seen these people in power over the last year , and they really do n't have a clue what they are doing . 
  they are scared and reactive . 
  things are going to get worse , perhaps much worse , before they have any hope of getting better . 
  public anger and discontent will rise . 
  it worries me to have troops deployed in public at such a time , especially in a country like the uk where there are no constitutional rules capable of binding government majorities - and with a prime minster who seems to regard the european convention on human rights as just another example of ` meddling foreigners ' . 
  i do n't know exactly why . 
  i 'm not expecting things to go full erdogan , but i am worried . 
  that is understandable from a north western european perspective . 
  balkans people might see it differently . 
  in the netherlands the state has historically been fairly just and effective . 
  the rule of law means something . 
  in the balkans , the state has historically been unjust and ineffective , with no real rule of law . 
  that meant people had to stand by their family , right or wrong , for protection . 
  likewise there 's an open economy in the netherlands where jobs do n't usually depend on family connections . 
  that has n't always been true in the balkans . 
  you might have a good point there . 
  the uk still has a very strong cultural class divide , and people are not treated equally by the police , courts , or other authorities : if you are upper middle class or above you can expect a very different treatment than that given to working class people . 
  but it is so ingrained into every aspect of life , so taken for granted , that people barely even notice it . 
  no , but we are british citizens . 
  i do n't like it , but as a matter of legal reality it is so .
