  was the photo taken near the dragon ? 
  soon . 
  quite soon . 
  it 's getting closer all the time , especially with this brexit nonsense . 
  scottish person here . 
  not pissed off , just every jealous . 
  you got a republic and everything . 
  ah , the old right-wing demagogue ` jobs and social spending ( but only for the white folks ) ' trick !, 
  i 've never seen the pvv described as ` anti-immigrant left ' before . 
  in what ways are they ` left ' ? 
  how would this work constitutionally ? 
  why not adopt the belgian constitution , and just add a few more regions and communities ? 
  what could possibly go wrong with that ? 
  the only thing would be what to do with the head of state . 
  but maybe the three dynasties could time share . 
  willem could be king on mondays and fridays ; philipe on tuesdays and thursdays ; henri on wednesdays and saturdays . 
  on sundays it could be a republic , thereby satisfying the republican minority in each country . 
  totally not a problem at all . 
  til i spend my life in the european equivalents of albany , ny and trenton , nj . 
  i would n't know . 
  i have n't read the guidebook . 
  i prefer to holiday in san sombr\u00e8ro . 
  does that mean that bulgaria has less of a problem with police brutality than molvania ? 
  there was a lot of french influence on the romanian constitution . 
  so blame charles de gaulle . 
  there are a few things that need to be disentangled here . 
  firstly , there is the constitutional status of religion ( which varies a lot between eu countries , from those with a ` state church ' like denmark to very strictly secular countries like france ) . 
  secondly , there 's the socio-political role and influence of religion . 
  in some countries , religious movements are able to mobilize votes and have a lot of influence ( for example , there might be a secular or religiously neutral constitution , but christian parties in parliament , or the bishops might have a powerful but informal influence over politics . ), 
  thirdly , there is the role of religion in what i call ` civic liturgy ' - the rituals and symbols of public life . 
  that 's mostly what we are seeing here with the u.s. inauguration . 
  these three things are very different and itis important not to confuse them when making cross-national comparisons . 
  it is also worth noting that trump 's choice of inaugural clergy was eclectic at best : mostly right wing talk show types or ` prosperity gospel ' charlatans . 
  they reveal the bigger ( but less well understood ) story that although trump polled well amongst so-called ` evangelicals ' , he did so only amongst the nominal ones . 
  church-going , bible-reading , socially-engaged , believing christians no longer vote en bloc for the republican nominee . 
  the evangelical coalition that has supported the right in u.s. politics since reagan is splitting . 
  a lot of younger evangelicals are tried of a right wing agenda focusing only on abortion and gayness . 
  they are increasingly looking a t poverty , inequality , gun violence , healthcare , debt , the environment , peace building and overseas aid as moral issues that christians should support . 
  partly because of this small , slow but steady shift of the churches away from the right wing , and partly because of trump 's character flaws , some of the prominent evangelical leaders refused to endorse him . 
  and that 's exactly what the brexiters are doing . 
  i 'm scottish and european . 
  the english brexiters are trying to take my european citizenship away , but they 'll have to take it from my cold dead hands . 
  oh yes please . 
  there 's not much wrong with the uk that a dutch-inspired regime change could n't fix . 
  let 's have some of that lovely proportional representation . 
  and scotland , wales and northern ireland could be splendidly autonomous like aruba , curacao and sint maartin . 
  orange upstairs !, 
  do n't give theresa may any more ideas , please . 
  more people in scotland voted to remain . 
  why should we be subject to a decision imposed by the english ? 
  it 's true that we voted to remain in the uk in 2014 , but that was in the expectation that the uk would remain in the eu . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , scotland has to choose between two unions . 
  this is not a situation of our own making , but we retain the sovereign right to decide our own future , and if that means we need to leave the uk in order to protect scotland 's place in europe , so be it . 
  except that scotland is a country , which is in a union with england by virtue of a treaty . 
  thanks . 
  hopefully , we are not going anywhere . 
  we just need to detach ourselves from the uk before the uk detaches itself from europe . 
  if you want to trade numbers , the bottom line is that the scots voted to stay in the eu by a much greater margin than the english voted to leave . 
  but they must be obeyed , and we are ignored . 
  as a scot , potentially being taken out of europe by stupid english brexiteers , this line speaks to me . 
  it 's really not , though . 
  the rest of europe has had wars and revolutions , and against that the uk looks very stable over the last 200 years , but other countries have learned from that experience , while the uk has n't . 
  the uk still has n't dealt with a lot of the issues that in continental europe were settled in 1789 , or 1848 , or 1919 , or 1945 , or 1989 . 
  we 've just bimbled along , taking a lot for granted but never really putting the sort of constitutional foundations in place that would enable us to cope when ` winging it ' ( which is what british governments do ) no longer works . 
  although i clearly remember being told by various leave campaigners that we could leave the eu ( which was on the ballot ) but stay in the single market ( which no one , explicitly , voted to leave , because it was n't on the ballot ) . 
  ` we could be like norway ' , they said . 
  this gives the mona lisa a whole new dimension of meaning . 
  unitarians are my favourite type of heretic . 
  my favourite is the ` radical , republican and radical-socialist ' party of the french third republic . 
  despite the name , they were centrist liberals . 
  seems very normal to me in british english . 
  cock for male chicken ( gallus gallus domesticus ) and cock for valve ( especially in a water pipe ) are also standard usages of the word , though , that i would expect any educated native speaker to be aware of . 
  both . 
  it was a double punch . 
  this person celts . 
  has it ever been translated into english ? 
  i 'd read it . 
  if you could recomend any good books on the history of the latvian constitution ( in english ) i 'd be really interested to read them . 
  latvia has a very interesting constitution . 
  after independence from the soviet union , latvia reinstated its post-ww1 constitution , which - in the optimistic democratic spirit of that time - makes a lot of provision for direct democracy . 
  with the exception of switzerland , no other european country 's constitution allows citizens to call referendums with such ease . 
  i 'd like to know what the translator actually said . 
  i hope it was the romanian version of ` this man is a cunt and he 's insulting you . ', 
  true , but that does n't change the fact that those traces remain . 
  some variant of poe 's law ? 
  the first time i visited i was a serving officer in the royal navy , and i found a great welcome . 
  i think the older generation , in particular , still hold the royal navy in high regard . 
  my second visit was as part of a research tour studying constitutionalism and governance in commonwealth states . 
  i was recieved by pl and pn mps , by some professors at the university , by the ombudsman , and even by a former president ( guido de marco - who invited me to his house for tea - a real gentleman ) . 
  everyone was kind , welcoming and helpful . 
  since then i 've been back a third time on holiday , and i loved it even more . 
  i got to see all the touristy bits that i had not seen on previous visits . 
  if i could find a way to make a living in malta , i 'd seriously consider moving there, 
  malta is one of my favourite countries . 
  i 've visited several times . 
  it 's like the perfect fusion of old-school british and mediterranean . 
  maybe , but healthcare and educatiin costs are lower , so it works out fairer overall . 
  red , but with a cross on it . 
  christian socialism wins !, 
  if it 's any consolation , i 've got nothing to do with the far right .
