  apology accepted . 
  there 's no need to be rude . 
  english is a great big bag of words with really loose and vague rules . 
  but the variety of words give it its nuance and subtlety of meaning . 
  for example , a ` hearty welcome ' and a ` cordial reception ' literally mean the same thing , using germanic or latin roots respectively , but the sense conveyed by them is completely different . 
  a hearty welcome will involve your best friend clasping your hand and placing a beer in it ; it has an honest , direct , earthy quality to it . 
  a cordial reception , on the other hand , involves standing about awkwardly sipping chilled wine and making polite conversation about the weather . 
  i do n't want to walk into the middle of a centuries old central european ethno-territorial conflict , but transylvanian hungarians * are * romanians , in the sense that they hold romanian citizenship . 
  likewise kurds might not be ethnic turks , but they are turks in the legal sense of being citizens of turkey . 
  of course , that legal definition is only one aspect of national identity , and subjectively it might not be the most important one . 
  legally , i 'm british , but subjectively - culturally , and in my heart - i 'm scottish . 
  that would be an improvement , yes . 
  of all the many things the wonderful dutch should brag about , food is not one . 
  a cheese sandwich is not ` lunch ' . 
  at best it 's the snack that keeps you going until lunch . 
  well , they could pass a bill , but then it would have to go through both houses and all the various stages of legislation , which could take a while . 
  assuming no change to the law , a 2/3rds majority in the commons is required , unless the government deliberately stages and loses a vote of no-confidence , and then no new government is formed for 28 days - but may is not going to do that because it would weaken her position . 
  the house of commons has to agree to early elections by a two - thirds majority . 
  she 's confident she can get that agreement , because labour will not dare vote against her proposal for early elections . 
  they 'd be wiser and better if they did , because they are going to get hammered to oblivion in the election , but they wo n't . 
  they ca n't help it . 
  they are going through a post-imperial identity crisis . 
  i 've sort of already emigrated . 
  i left scotland for work in the netherlands , but i do n't want to go back . 
  i 'm a european citizen . 
  brexit britain has nothing to offer me . 
  if brexit is reversed , or scotland becomes independent and joins the eu , i 'll think about it . 
  but my best chance now is to become a dutchie in order to keep my eu citizenship . 
  the south west corner of france did once have a protestant tradition . 
  it was always a minority , and often an oppressed minority whenever france had a king or emperor , but it was part of the society . 
  there are several smallish towns around there with at least one protestant church . 
  there 's also a excellent museum of protestantism in the lauragais . 
  i often take my holidays in that part of france and have attended protestant services there - it 's still going , small but alive . 
  agree most with scottish green party and scottish national party . 
  disagree most with ukip and conservatives . 
  a lot of the christians in the uk are actually left-leaning , on issues like housing and homelessness , poverty , welfare , employment , the environment , human rights , penal reform , human trafficking , international development and foreign policy . 
  there 's always been a strong - if quiet - christian element within the labour party , as well as within the liberal democrats and the snp . 
  if you look at the announcements of the main churches before the last few elections , they have generally been - without being partisan - on the left , and very critical of economic inequalities and injustices . 
  remarkably , that 's true not only of the churches from the radical tradition like the baptists , and traditionally left-wing churches like the church of scotland , but also the church of england - the archbishop of canterbury has spoken about ` dethroning mammon ' . 
  it is only really on the issues of abortion , euthanasia and same-sex marriage that the churches have generally taken a conservative position , and those are not the most salient issues for most voters . 
  sure , but there are some problems : ( 1 ) if you have chronic conditions , then you know that you will have to pay your ` own risk ' element every year , which makes january / february very expensive months . 
  ( 2 ) it 's ok if you are on a good income . 
  i have a good job and for me paying out an additional 375 eur or whatever it is not a real problem . 
  if you are on a low income , that 's a significant amount of money . 
  so it unfairly disadvantages the poor . 
  i 'm interested to see what comes out of this government formation process . 
  if i remember , cda and d66 , as well as cu , all wanted to reduce own risk - although vvd of course do not . 
  i am waiting to see what comes out of the negotiations . 
  what do you think about the current situation with the constitutional tribunal ? 
   the uk does have a constitution , it 's just un-codified . 
  the question of whether the uk does or does not have a constitution is a debatable point . 
  but it 's safe to say : 1 . 
  the uk does not have a constitution as the word constitution is understood just about everywhere else in the world . 
  the uk does not have a supreme law regulating the institutions of the state and protecting the rights of citizens in a way that protects them from ordinary parliamentary majorities ; whatever the uncodified ` constitution ' does , it does n't do the things that a constitution would typically do . 
  my flag is also not visible . 
  i see the word scotland , but no flag . 
  it does n't appear like that on my display . 
  not visible . 
  your flair appears as ` eastway ' , which was ambiguous . 
  which country ? 
  that 's probably not a bad idea . 
  lots of other european countries have such a rule . 
  the other thing that might help the formation process would be to put some sort of deadline or tie-break mechanism into the constitution : for example , if there 's no government formed within 90 days after an election , then there would automatically be a new election . 
  presumably that would give the parties an incentive to co-operate , because any party that is seen to be holding up the formation process is likely to be punished by the voters . 
  [ some folks are working on it . 
  ] ( http://newsnet.scot/archive/podcast-elliot-bulmer-need-scots-constitution/ ), 
  in order to make up for the lack of an asturian flag , here , have an anthem : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2f-sv5thitq, 
  i have personal experience of using the healthcare systems in scotland , france and the netherlands . 
  in terms of quality and promptness of care , the dutch was best , followed by the french , but the scottish system was good too . 
  downside is that in nl you have to pay for insurance . 
  it 's regulated and subsidised , and if you are on a low income your premiums are almost totally covered by the state , but there 's still an ` own risk ' element which means you could end up paying the first few hundred euros out of pocket . 
  there are some historical examples of this in europe . 
  the parliament of luxembourg , for example , used to be elected for six-year terms , with one-half of the members elected every three years . 
  i do n't know how it is now , but about ten years ago i travelled around hungary , slovakia and transylvania , and for tourist things like dealing with waiters , public transport , hotels , taxi drivers etc , german was much more useful than english . 
  the uk is not one nation . 
  it is several countries in a political union . 
  scotland , wales , england and ireland all have their own national days . 
  easy solution : ( 1 ) replace the monarchy with an elected stadholder , chosen by a joint session of both chambers of parliament ; ( 2 ) continually re-elect an orange . 
  everyone 's happy . 
  i 'm a republican in principle . 
  i do think having a non-executive , non-political ceremonial head of state is a good thing , but i 'm not convinced that heredity is the best way to get someone who can do that job well . 
  i look at the presidents of ireland , italy , germany etc , and on average i think they do a better job than most hereditary monarchs . 
  i 'm willing to accept the monarchy in practice , but : ( i ) i 'd like it to be monarchy based on a modern democratic constitution ( like sweden or spain ) rather than one based on medievalist nonsense without a written constitution ; and ( ii ) i wish they 'd tone it down a bit and stop all the silly dressing up . 
  we had an opportunity to climb out of a cauldron in 2014 , and 55 % decided that they 'd rather stay in it . 
  some small points of terminological clarification : - decentralisation usually refers to the devolution of power to sub-national governments ( states , provinces , cities etc ) . 
  - deconcentration is the term that usually refers to geographically locating central institutions outside of the capital . 
  this [ document ] ( http://www.idea.int/sites/default/files/publications/a-practical-guide-to-constitution-building.pdf ) from the international institute for democracy and electoral assistance is very helpful in defining and explaining terms ( scroll down to chapter 7 ) . 
  36,000 communes . 
  no , i do n't want to see a federal europe , because i do n't want more power concentrated in brussels , but i fully support the consolidation of the existing eu as a confederation european states , co-operating and sharing powers and resources . 
  because i speak a global language ( english ) , my favourite dialects are not necessarily those from my home country ( scotland ) . 
  there 's a certain type of educated south african english that i love the sound of , especially when spoken by [ female speakers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uxbnbpcy6a ) . 
  i 'd need some raw , cloudy , unfiltered west country scrumpy , the sort that actually tastes of apples and old tractor parts . 
  maybe that would help . 
  i 'm in such a state of political despair ( over brexit , evil wicked tories , and general right-wing lurch in politics ) that even the refuge of comedy now offers no solace . 
  nothing does it . 
  it 's all just horror . 
  the thing about scottish independence is that it is n't about nasty nationalism , backwards looking romanticism , or insular separatism . 
  it 's about getting away from the nasty nationalism , backwards looking romanticism , and insular separatism , of the uk . 
  an independent scotland has a chance to be what the uk never could be : a normal european country . 
  that means a modern democratic constitution , a more equal and inclusive society , and no more post-imperial hang-ups about ` punching above our weight ' .
