  that 's the question i would like to explore . 
  and this , indeed , is the problem . 
  can muslims live amongst us , can they be fellow-citizens , and good citizens , despite their religion ? 
  perhaps they can , but only if their identity as citizens - a civic , constitutional patriotism - is stronger and more important than their identity as muslims . 
  a citizen of a european democracy who upholds civic , constitutional values and who also happens to believe in the unity of god , to pray five times a day , and avoid pork , while recognizing the right of others in a free society to not share those religious opinions , is no threat . 
  on the other hand , anyone who pledges allegiance to isis or the ` caliphate ' should be punished and expelled as a traitor , not because they are muslims , but because they have broken the bond of citizenship . 
  likewise , any muslims who incite violence or engage in terrorism should be punished , not for being muslims , but because they are a threat and a menace to civilised society . 
  the key problem as i see it is that we in european democracies have become so lax , complacent and confused about our own civic , constitutional values , and have done such a bad job at inculcating those values in our citizens , while the islamists know exactly what they stand for and are doing a very good job at getting people to believe it . 
  do n't misunderstand me . 
  i see radical islam as a real threat to our security and to our civilisation . 
  my attitude is not pc , but neither is my criticism of radical islam prejudiced - with a master 's in arabic with islamic history , and service as a military officer in iraq , i am in a better position than most to make a fairly balanced assessment . 
  my assessment is that the danger of radical islam is real , that its effects are corrosive , and that western civilisation has to stand up to it if we are not to collapse into a new dark age . 
  that 's why i think people like wilders deserve some recognition : they are asking the right questions , that others have long been afraid to ask . 
  however , the reason that wilders - and the far right across europe generally - is part of the problem is that his answers are all wrong . 
  he has no respect for one of the greatest achievements of western civilisation - constituional government . 
  those freedoms are hard-won , precious and fragile . 
  we can not defend our freedom by destroying it . 
  we can not preserve our civilization by undermining everything it stands for . 
  we will not defeat isis by surrendering europe 's democratic values , but by clinging to those values , by proclaiming them more boldly in word and deed , and by showing their superiority over anything radical islam has to offer . 
  geert wilders is correct in wishing to preserve traditional dutch values and the principles of the enlightenment and of western civilization against reactionary barbarism . 
  but he seems to have forgotten what those values and principles are . 
  so , let 's remind him : article 1 of the dutch constitution - prohibition of discrimination . 
  article 6 - freedom of religion . 
  article 7 - freedom of expression . 
  article 8 - freedom of association . 
  article 23 - freedom of education . 
  the sad irony is that what wilders is proposing is directly opposed to all of this . 
  it goes against the very values and principles that have made the netherlands such a peaceful , free and prosperous nation . 
  it goes against the enlightenment he is claiming to defend . 
  we used to call these ` political prisoners ' and look down on the sort of countries who had them . 
  their crime is to believe or say the wrong things . 
  if it was only muslims , most people would be kinda ok with that - but the problem is that the definition of ` extremist ' is so broad that environmentalists , animal rights protesters , conservative christians , lefties , anti-nuclear protestors , scottish nationalists - a whole bunch of essentially innocent people , could fall foul of the state and end up in this situation . 
  there 's no way turkey is getting into the eu . 
  the eu can only exist because - binding together all our disparate national cultures - there is such a thing as ` european civilisation ' . 
  this is a civilisation that comes from greece and rome , from medieval christendom , the renaissance and the enlightenment . 
  it manifests itself in certain shared commitment to democratic values , human rights and a common ideal of ` humanitas ' that fuses the elements of our civilisation together . 
  this ideal unites the classical and the medieval , the latin and the gothic , the enlightened and the christian . 
  this same ideal is seen in michelangelo 's david , in schiller 's ode to joy , the stained glass of chartes cathedral and in the european convention on human rights . 
  turkey has none of that . 
  it does n't belong to europe . 
  it belongs to a different civilisation - the islamic civilisation , against which european civilisation has been at war since the 7th century ad . 
  maybe if ataturk had been more successful , yes , maybe then . 
  but as it stands , turkey is not a european country . 
  it 's by michael sandel . 
  his stuff is always worth reading . 
  i recommend his book , ` what money ca n't buy : the moral limits of markets ' . 
  also his earlier work ( from the 80s , but still relevant , perhaps more relevant than ever ) ` democracy 's discontents ' . 
  tell this to our dutch friends . 
  i 'm up voting you because that made me laugh . 
  if you go with your wife/partner , can you take advantage of the ` bring your own ' option ? 
  do they have a corkage fee ? 
  this document explains how these non-executive presidencies work : http://www.constitutionnet.org/files/non-executive_presidencies_0.pdf, 
  scotland here , pointing out that merely having oil does n't help . 
  imagine how norway would be doing if it had never become independent , and if sweden took all its oil revenues and instead of investing them decided to spend them on : ( 1 ) propping up an unsustainable and very lopsided economy with no industrial base , focused on dodgy unregulated financial services and low wage retail and call centre jobs ; and ( 2 ) pretending to be an imperial power , invading hot sandy places with no plan of what to do once there , and insisting on having nuclear weapons . 
  i 'd argue that norway 's oil is not what made it rich , but oil backed by an effective , inclusive , well-constituted democratic independent state that is capable of making long term decisions in the public interest . 
  the uk has no constitution as the term is used everywhere else in the world - a fundamental law that regulates the state and that is normatively prior to , and harder to change than , other laws . 
  that is , it has no constitution in any useful or meaningful sense . 
  do n't worry , eesti old friend . 
  european solidarity will save you from the russian menace . 
  probably . 
  if everywhere / if everyone . 
  i suppose it works both waysl, 
  moving to ireland is my fall-back plan if scotland does not get independence . 
  aquaducts ? 
  me too !, 
  when man klingon learn will , then must man all verbs in the correct order put and the capitallletters and the compoundwords use . 
  this can confusing be , when begins man klingon to learn . 
  or maybe it should be : when man klingon to learn begins . 
  who knows ? 
  and then they come at you with the genders and cases and you just want to cry into your delicious massive beer . 
  english is also an official language in malta . 
  it 's in the eu , english speaking , less corrupt and dysfunctional than italy , and has a mediterranean climate . 
  i 'm no supporter of brexit , far from it , but it 's this sort of meddling centralisation starts to make the brexiteers complaints seem almost sensible . 
  do you mean ` do not ' ? 
  i often wonder how britian would be different if there had been , say , a revolution after the first world war , leading to a proper democratic republican constitution . 
  would we still be living in the past ? 
  would our tv still consist of antiques shows and period dramas ? 
  would england and wales still have voted for brexit ? 
  i do n't know , but i do think institutions shape culture , and that having a monarchy like the british one ( where we do n't even have a proper written constitution , unlike every other european monarchy ) makes society as a whole very traditional and backwards-looking . 
  fascinating . 
  you can see the line between east and west right there . 
  we intend to get off the ride pretty soon and stay in the nice safe shores of eu-land . 
  certainly by the late nineteenth century political assassinations were seen as a form of terrorism . 
  there is a legal definition of terrorism , though , and the essence of it is using violence or threats / fear of murderous violence for political ends . 
  not absolutely no military whatsoever . 
  maybe something between that of ireland and that of norway . 
  this is all true , in the sense that austria-hungary was a great power in 1914 . 
  its true in the sense that a rotten mansion with subsiding foundations and tumbling down walls is still a great house . . 
  i 'm talking about how fragile and shakey the uk is , and how much it relies on an ever-diminishing stock of political , military , economic and cultural capital that it seems unable to replace . 
  a medium power is of regional significance . 
  arguably the only regional power in europe is germany . 
  the uk is in a second rank behind that , possibly with france . 
  but the uk is in no position to exercise any kind of regional leadership , nor much influence , because of its janus -- faced foreign policy and internal identity crisis . 
  the sooner we give up power pretensions and just embrace being an ordinary european country the better . 
  the empire is over . 
  the uk is no longer a great power . 
  it is not even a medium power . 
  it is all gone . 
  an economy based on shady banking and call centres , with no technological or industrial base , just can not sustain the cost of running a blue water navy . 
  the navy is basically a glorified rugby club , with a sideline in historical reenactment , limping its way in expensive , broken ships from one pointless cocktail party to the next .
