  this ` rhenish ' model was seen as another way of being western , as distinct from the anglo-american model ( two party politics , alternations in power between left and right , and a tendency towards liberal-market economics with short economic horizons etc ) . 
  the problem with the use of the word rhenish in this sense is that this ` continental european ' model of politics and economics was also found in places that are quite a long way from the rhine , like austria and italy . 
  other than in these contexts of comparative political economy , i have n't heard the term rhenish to describe the attributes of a country . 
  i suppose it could apply to certain types of wine or even landscape , though . 
  in britain , we have ` englishman , scotsman , irishman ' jokes . 
  do you have dutchman , belgian , luxemburger jokes ? 
  if not , you should . 
  step 1 . 
  invent time machine . 
  step 2 . 
  send parents to finland several decades ago . 
  step 3 . 
  ok , so now i can be president . 
  ( wait , this is a lot of work just to live in a big house for six years . . ), 
  not comparing like with like : the queen has several pretty fancy palaces . 
  now that is the sort of house a president should live in . 
  nicely democratic . 
  not too flashy . 
  i 'd say roughly halfway between the two extremes : not just a decorative figurehead as in germany , but not the real policy leader as in france . 
  more involved in foreign than domestic policy . 
  1 . move to finland . 
  2 . learn finnish ( ca n't be that hard , right ) . 
  3 . naturalise as finnish citizen . 
  4 . get elected as president . 
  how many would fight for their autonomous community ? 
  or for their city or village ? 
  many more , i suspect . 
  in spain , most patriotism is intensely local . 
  in some ways i think it is a shame that the commonwealth did not develop into an intergovernmental-supranational institutional structure a bit like the eu . 
  it was nearly heading that way in the early 20th century , with the imperial preference tariff and the imperial conference of prime ministers . 
  the commonwealth could be economically and militarily self sufficient , and had a common basis of cultural , legal and political underpinnings . 
  it would have been a more natural fit . 
  but it did n't happen . 
  the commonwealth as an organization still does a lot of good behind the scenes , but it does n't function as a bloc for integration in the way the eu does . 
  i think that 's a pity . 
  but i guess that moment has passed now . 
  constitutionally speaking , portugal is centuries ahead of the uk . 
  whatever other problems there might be in southern europe ( in terms of corruption , inefficiency , poverty etc ) their constitutions are pretty solid , progressive and well-written . 
  here 's my pet project : 1 at the eu-wide level , there would be a very thin level of intergovernmental co-operation : a six-monthly congress of heads of government , a free trade zone , a mutual defence arrangement ( euro-nato ) , and that 's about it . 
  2 europe would be divided into a number of regions . 
  each region would consist of neighbouring countries that are culturally similar and at a similar level of economic development . 
  these might be : ( a ) the nordic region - denmark , sweden , finland ; ( b ) the charlemagne region - germany , austria , netherlands , belgium , luxembourg ; ( c ) the latin region - italy , spain , portugal ( plus possibly independent catalonia ) ; ( d ) the insular region - ireland and uk ( plus possibly independent scotland ) ; ( e ) the visegrad region - poland , czech rep , slovakia , hungary , slovenia , croatia ; ( f ) the orthodox region - bulgaria , cyprus , romania , greece . 
  each of these regions would have , within itself , much closer degrees of integration , maybe to the level of the eu today , with each region having its own common currency etc. 
  in other words , there would still be some fairly close european cooperation , but within regional blocs of broadly similar countries . 
  what i 'd really like to see is some scheme whereby young people starting out job-share with someone on their way into retirement . 
  they would work on different tasks and at different levels ( you would n't give a 25 year old recent grad the same duties or responsibilities as a 60 year old who has been a specialist in their field for a long time ) , but perhaps there could be some days of overlap between those who are job-sharing , so that the older and more experienced one can help train , mentor and encourage the younger and less experienced one . 
  this could have all sorts of benefits . 
  one of the things our society lacks , i feel , is solid intergenerational friendships . 
  the older person might be a wise , stabilising influence on the younger one ; the younger one might help keep the older one active , optimistic and open to new ideas . 
  just because something is state-owned , does n't mean it has to be under the political direction of the government . 
  in many countries , certain public functions are constitutionally or legally protected from interference and manipulation by the government . 
  the administration of elections is one example - this is very much a public function , but it 's often performed by an electoral commission or other authority that has a non-partisan appointment process and a sort of quasi-judicial independence . 
  similarly , there can be a publicly owned broadcasting service ( which exists , at least in part , to provide the sort of news , documentary , cultural and educational programmes not adequately delivered by the market ) which has the same sort of non-partisan independence from the government . 
  a really clear constitutional example of this can be found in malta , which i have quoted here ( text from the constitute project website ) : 118 broadcasting authority 1 . 
  there shall be a broadcasting authority for malta which shall consist of a chairman and such number of other members not being less than four as may be prescribed by any law for the time being in force in malta . 
  the members of the broadcasting authority shall be appointed by the president , acting in accordance with the advice of the prime minister given after he has consulted the leader of the opposition . 
  a person shall not be qualified to hold office as a member of the broadcasting authority if he is a minister , a parliamentary secretary , a member of , or candidate for election to , the house of representatives , a member of a local government authority or if he is a public officer . 
  a member of the broadcasting authority shall not , within a period of three years commencing with the day on which he last held office or acted as a member , be eligible for appointment to or to act in any public office . 
  subject to the provisions of this article , the office of a member of the broadcasting authority shall become vacant - a. at the expiration of five years from the date of his appointment or at such earlier time as may be specified in the instrument by which he was appointed ; or b. if any circumstances arise that , if he were not a member of the authority , would cause him to be disqualified for appointment as such . 
  a member of the broadcasting authority may be removed from office by the president , acting in accordance with the advice of the prime minister , but he may be removed only for inability to discharge the functions of his office ( whether arising from infirmity of mind or body or any other cause ) or for misbehaviour . 
  if the office of a member of the broadcasting authority is vacant or if a member is for any reason unable to perform the functions of his office , the president , acting in accordance with the advice of the prime minister , given after he has consulted the leader of the opposition , may appoint a person who is qualified to be appointed to be a member to be a temporary member of the authority ; and any person so appointed shall , subject to the provisions of sub-articles ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) of this article , cease to be such a member when a person has been appointed to fill the vacancy or , as the case may be , when the member who was unable to perform the functions of his office resumes those functions . 
  in the exercise of its functions under article 119 ( 1 ) of this constitution the broadcasting authority shall not be subject to the direction or control of any other person or authority . 
  119 function of the broadcasting authority 1 . 
  it shall be the function of the broadcasting authority to ensure that , so far as possible , in such sound and television broadcasting services as may be provided in malta , due impartiality is preserved in respect of matters of political or industrial controversy or relating to current public policy and that broadcasting facilities and time are fairly apportioned between persons belonging to different political parties . 
  the function of the broadcasting authority referred to in sub-article ( 1 ) of this article shall be without prejudice to such other functions and duties as may be conferred upon it by any law for the time being in force in malta . 
  the problem in poland is that it is moving from a system in which public broadcasting did enjoy this sort of independence and impartiality , to one in which it will simply be the mouth-piece for the government . 
  that undermines its role as a forum for public debate , discussion and dialogue which is so important in a democracy . 
  it 's so cute when they play-fight . 
  like two brothers . 
  ok , so one of them is a half-brother with a french dad , but you get the picture . 
  that 's really interesting , thanks . 
  we have a monument to a polish bear in edinburgh : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-edinburgh-east-fife-34748795, 
  poland stronk !, 
  happy independence day . 
  his victory speech had something of the fdr about it : ` we will build infrastructure and put people to work . ', 
  that 's keynesian big government spending on a job creation scheme . 
  hardly typical republican stuff . 
  they do n't . 
  it 's just that the companies that own the roads presumably have better lobbyists and smarter contract lawyers than whatever small well-meaning but underfunded ngo campaigns for toll-free roads . 
  this is the last straw . 
  as someone who is on the left ( at least in terms of economics , fiscal policy and public services ) , i welcomed cornyn as a leader who would shake off the blairite assumptions of neo-liberalism and try to figure out a new form of democratic socialism for the 21st century . 
  i did n't agree with everything he said or did , and i thought he was ill-advised in terms of presentation , but i was very willing to give him the benefit of the doubt . 
  no more . 
  the future of our place in europe is the most important issue . 
  it has become the defining issue of uk politics . 
  the referendum result was narrow . 
  the debate shallow and badly informed . 
  only england and wales voted for leave . 
  scotland and northern ireland voted for remain . 
  there was no clear statement of what the consequences of a leave vote would be : would we withdraw from the eu , but remain in the single market ( soft brexit ) , or leave both ( hard brexit ) ? 
  it was never set out in any official document . 
  the referendum was only advisory , not legally binding . 
  so there 's no public mandate for hard brexit , and only a feeble one for any kind of brexit . 
  given the far-reaching consequences of the decision , the people of the uks four countries ought to have the option to confirm or change their choice . 
  the opposition should be pushing for that option : either another referendum or a general election . 
  if they will not do that , then they are not worthy of being the opposition , still less a government in waiting . 
  he is a very silly person . 
  does ` boobquake ' mean nothing to these people ? 
  of course , thanks for the correction . 
  i usually work on the assumption that the more eeeeerds one adds , the dutcher it sounds !,
