you should check out my totally cool geocities home page !!!, 
  ( if you are younger than about 30 , this will mean nothing to you ) . 
  favourite in my country ( scotland ) : [ glasgow university ] ( http://www.google.nl/search?q=glasgow+university+quadrangle&amp;client=safari&amp;rls=en&amp;tbm=isch&amp;oq=&amp;gs_l= ) , especially the quadrangle , is very impressive , but i think my vote would go to the little-known [ thomas coats memorial baptist church , paisley , ] ( http://images.search.yahoo.com/search/images;_ylt=a0levzc_0lnu8oeatjpxnyoa?p=thomas+coats+memorial+baptist&amp;fr=aaplw&amp;fr2=piv-web ) which is perhaps one of the finest examples of neo-gothic ecclesiastical architecture i 've ever seen . 
  in europe : [ hungarian parliament ] ( http://www.google.nl/search?q=hungarian+parliament&amp;client=safari&amp;rls=en&amp;tbm=isch&amp;oq=&amp;gs_l= ) . 
  what can i say , i like gothic buildings !, 
  or , as ukip would say , `` something something unelected bureaucrat romanians ! '', 
  netherlands feels like the positive reverse-image of scotland ; like scotland got the dark , miserable , ` you are all damned so why bother trying , you might as well drink yourself to death ' version of calvinism , and the dutch got the ` ok , so we are all pretty sweet , now let 's have a sandwich while riding on your bicycles ' version . 
  also norway . 
  norway is like the scotland that might have been . 
  this is fascinating . 
  could you expand on this : `` the dutch also are simply not english . 
  they say and believe things that just do n't fit culturally , socially , ethically , historically , geographically , etc. 
  into the world view of english speakers . 
  the framework , nuances and basic assumptions of anglosphere political discussions are sometimes missing , ignored or even obliterated . 
  they do n't discuss the same things that english speakers do . '', 
  what are the differences ? 
  can you give us a flavour of them ? 
  surprise surprise , the economist , that doctrinaire market-fundamentalist rag , says no . 
  in other news , the only solution to everything is ` more privatisation ' and ` flexible labour markets ' ( no days off for you , corpserf !, 
  there 's a wonderful book , called the ` little tour ' ( i think ) , written in the 1950s , in which two american journalists and a photography travelling around these four countries , making pithy and insightful observation about their culture , society , politics etc. 
  from what i can remember : andorra : a village in the mountains , full of smugglers , impossible to pass in winter , poor , rednecked , but free and with a certain peasant dignity . 
  san marino : democratic and egalitarian - takes so much so that it does n't have one head of state , but two equal co-heads , who serve only for six months . 
  really the last surviving italian city state . 
  decent and well run , less corrupt than italy , but basically lives by being a curiosity and by selling stamps . 
  monaco : one big casino for washed-up aristocrats to burn what remains of their fortunes in . 
  liechtenstein : pig-n-potato sort of place . 
  stout , boring , self-satisfied , insular and smug . 
  of course , it 's an old book , and things might well have changed . 
  this is true . 
  most european states are , to a greater or lesser extent , ` nation-states ' : they were based on a pre-existing sense of national identity , with their own language and folk-culture . 
  an immigrant can become a citizen ( a member of the state , with the right to vote , hold office , etc ) by complying with certain legal formalities , and over time can become a fairly integrated member of society ( working , having a social life , contributing to the community where they live etc ) , but it is really hard for an immigrant in such a country to become a ` national ' , because to become a member of the nation you have to be born into it . 
  my view is that we should sort of make peace with this distinction - that there can be , for example , netherlanders ( members of the state , as citizens ) and dutchmen ( members of the nation ) , and that these two statuses should be decoupled a little bit ( so that not being a dutchman does n't make you any less of a netherlander ) . 
  that way , we can all in principle live together on equal terms under the constitution as citizens , while each having our own ` national ' identity ( which , over time , will tend to blur anyway ) . 
  hot climate = sweaty + not too cold to get naked = bathing often . 
  cold climate = not sweaty + too cold to get naked = bathing less often . 
  that 's my theory . 
  low aunty ? 
  la-euan-tea ? 
  lawunty-distinctlyminty ? 
  ah , fuck it . 
  ( can i ask my estonian friend to help ? ), 
  if scotland changes the name of saturday , can we into nordic ? 
  we just want to be like you and join your special club . 
  ( no , really , we do . 
  just have to figure out a way ... ), 
  i was n't expecting it because it seemed out of place - an unusual thing to be linked to in a thread about european flag designs . 
  i know of it because i 've occasionally listened to some of the podcasts etc. 
  i think it 's quite well known amongst university christian circles . 
  true . 
  i guess i must have missed that bit in the european convention on human rights where it says , `` white folks only . 
  does not apply to gypsies , muslims , or other untermench '' . 
  i was not expecting a link to the be thinking website . 
  forcing desperately poor people to labour on state-owned farms in near-slavery conditions for starvation wages ? 
  systematic racism ? 
  it sounds like the worst possible combination of oligarchic capitalism , rabid nationalism , and soviet communism . 
  and this is supposed to be in the eu , based on ` democratic values ' ? 
  i 'm really disturbed by this . 
  or we could give up on the euro and have nuros and suros instead . 
  still a big reduction in transaction costs compared with separate national currencies , but it allows for two speeds of ` gearing ' - different interest and exchange rates - so as to allow some flexibility and decentralisation . 
  the relentless propaganda we have been subjected to since 9/11 is now working on your deepest and long-forgotten sense of tribal identity . 
  it is dividing the world into an in-group whose leaders you will follow unquestioningly ( for your very survival depends on it - who else will protect you from the ` evil doers ' ? ), 
  and and out-group whose people you can easily dehumanise and destroy . 
  this is highly profitable to weapons manufacturers and very convenient for ` war hero ' politicians who find hard-won civil liberties just a bit too troublesome . 
  it 's also good for right-wing ideologues who want to use austerity to dismantle the nhs and the welfare state ( because what you really need for imposing devastating austerity is unsustainable debt , and nothing creates unsustainable debt as effectively as an unwinnable quagmire war ) . 
  resist the categories . 
  defend the rights of christians from persecution , but do so because they are human beings whose rights should be protected , not because they are ` our side ' . 
  let the un universal declaration of human rights be your guide , not deep gut feelings of cultural identity rooted in the crusades . 
  thank you !, 
  if you could provide a link to a good english translation of the statute of the kingdom , that would be very interesting . 
  if only we had your courage . 
  they gave us the chance of independence on a plate , and we pushed it away . 
  i agree . 
  ` liberalisation ' of the economy does n't really do much for overall economic performance , it just means that people have to work longer hours , under more stress , for less money , while small businesses collapse and big corporations buy up everything . 
  the economic model that actually works best - in terms of actual , experienced quality of life - is a regulated , mixed , social market economy . 
  a little but of ` non-competitiveness ' makes things better for everyone ( except , of course , the 1 % ) . 
  we must resist this dangerous neo-liberal ideology wherever it raises its head . 
  i think you are right about juncker . 
  he seems to act like a bully - like someone who can only win by putting others down . 
  i wish we could be rid of people like that . 
  one could take that map and draw a line on it to mark the border between the german and russian empires 100 years ago . 
  it is interesting how these deep historical divisions remain . 
  there is quite extensive provision for decision-making by referendum and initiative across germany at the land and local levels , although some parts of the country use these provisions more often than others . 
  bavaria , if i remember correctly , has a lot of direct democracy . 
  my wife and i were seriously planning a tour around bulgaria . 
  we 've got a few bulgarian friends , who are working or studying in western europe , and they have encouraged us to visit . 
  it seems like a very interesting country . 
  bill bryson , in his book ` neither here nor there ' , seemed to find bulgaria fascinating , if a bit depressing , but that was in the early 1990s so i assume things have moved on a bit . 
  standing still on the bicycle paths while taking photos ? 
  having a picnic on the bicycle paths ? 
  there 's no fun in life anymore . 
  i would make a distinction between single-member plurality ( ` first past the post ' , aka the british system ) and other forms of single-member district system ( e.g. 
  alternative vote , or preferential majority system , as used in australia , and the two-round majority system as used in france ) . 
  the latter two are less bad than the first , since they allow for an overall majority winner and partially overcome the ` spoiler effect ' . 
  but overall , all single-member systems are going to deliver a disproportionate result and penalise small parties . 
  as well as the inherent unfairness of this , there are at least three additional problems : ( i ) these systems make regional differences worse , which can be polarising - especially in a country like poland where pis and po votes are concentrated in different parts of the country ; ( ii ) ` safe seats ' , which effectively disenfranchise many people because their votes can be taken more or less for granted and do not count ; ( iii ) a narrowing of the political spectrum , and of the range of debate , because the dominant parties are all chasing the same few voters in key marginal seats ; ( iv ) the raising of barriers to political entry , meaning that it is harder for non-established parties to challenge existing incumbents . 
  all these tends to make for a very ` zero-sum ' form of politics which is not good for the country . 
  also , it 's been shown that proportional representation is fully compatible with stable parliamentary democracy ( it 's important to have clear government formation , confidence , and dissolution processes in place , but there are plenty of good models , such as those of germany and sweden , that show how it can be done ) . 
  so there 's just no need to ` sacrifice representativeness for stability ' as some advocates of single-member districts say . 
  tl ; dr - single member districts generally suck . 
  i have heard the term ` rhenish ' associated both with a style of politics ( stable-but-boring parliamentary democracy resting on moderate multi-party coalitions with a strong christian democratic party ) and a model of economics ( mixed economy , ` social market ' , generous welfare system , strong unions , long term planning ) that was found on both sides of the rhine from the end of ww2 to the end of the cold war .
