  the question is , what next ? 
  how can we live in the present and the future , and not in the past ? 
  the uk - a state that was created by and for empire - needs to decide what it is for , and how it will run itself and conduct itself , now that the empire is finally gone . 
  unfortunately much of the current political class , especially in tory circles , is still living in post-imperial denial , still trying to ` punch above our weight ' . 
  even as late as the 1980s that could seem plucky and heroic . 
  now it looks sad , pathetic and deluded . 
  even jethro is funnier . 
  well , almost . 
  interesting , thank you . 
  how does ` king ' in danish get translated to ` president ' in icelandic ? 
  even if the icelandic constitution was based on that of denmark , becoming a republic is a major shift in both the structure and the ethos of a constitution . 
  and created , instead of the upper house , a really interesting referendum rule , that allows one third of the members of parliament to demand a referendum . 
  i think that 's a mechanism that other countries could copy . 
  do you see any realistic prospect of this two party system changing ? 
  ad have been trying for years , but without much effect . 
  but it seems that in some other european countries there is a generational realignment going on , and a post-financial crisis opening for new parties , so perhaps it could happen in malta too ? 
  yes , but if the president can appoint the chancellor , there is at least a theoretical way of getting a dissolution if he wants it . 
  this question arose in india , where the president can also dissolve parliament on the proposal of the government . 
  it was argued that the president could , at least in theory , dismiss the government , appoint a government that would support dissolution , and then dissolve on the advice of that government . 
  of course , such a course of action would cause a serious constitutional crisis - although i suspect that it would be the changing of the government , rather than the decision to dissolve on the advice of the government that has been apppointed , that would be the most controversial . 
  ( apologies for not replying in german . 
  my german is good enough to understand your comment - presumably a direct quote from the constitution - but not good enough to reply . ), 
  the irish president can not - even in theory - unilaterally dismiss a government . 
  government formation and removal in ireland is wholly controlled by parliament by the terms of the constitution . 
  a better parallel to austria would be iceland , where the president also has a range of powers that are formally vested in the office by the constitution but which were by convention never used - until the 2008 financial crisis , when the president suddenly started using these latent powers . 
  so there is at least one example of the presidential office in an established democracy morphing into a more activist role . 
  every time his arrogance opens his mouth , i move a yard closer to voting to leave . 
  have you tried putting water on your backside in a scottish winter , in a house without double glazing or central heating ? 
  not recommended . 
  bidets - like garlic , wine , and sex in the afternoons - are a luxury found only in soft , southern climes . 
  because brexit was always intended by its core supporters to be the first step in a right-wing reactionary take over of the conservative party and the entire british state . 
  the uk now has , in all but name , a ukip government , with an agenda that the far-right has been salivating over for decades . 
  they could n't do these things in times of ` ordinary ' politics , but brexit gives them the opportunity and the excuse for a revolutionary break with the previous consensus . 
  it 's horrible and maddening , but it was also - to me at least - so predictable . 
  i went there as a child , to see a production of alice in wonderland . 
  6 year old me thought it was amazing . 
  i had ice-cream and everything . 
  it sounds a little unnatural , yes , at least in informal speech . 
  but it 's perfectly correct and understandable . 
  scotland leaving the uk might also help england to come to terms with itself - to find its own sense of identity and its own future , free from the imperial delusions and post-imperial miasma of ` britishness ' . 
  what does a future england look like without britain : that 's a fascinating question , and one that progressive thinkers south of the tweed should be willing to consider . 
  i 've never felt prouder or happier to be a european . 
  it 's not just about peace and trade . 
  it 's not even only about a community of values - the trifecta of ` democracy , human rights and rule of law ' that is so vitally important as a baseline for a decent and humane society . 
  it 's about belonging to a european civilisation - a great civilisation of philosophy , law , music , architecture and science that built the renaissance and the enlightenment on the roots of medieval christendom . 
  now , if scotland could just find some way to leave the uk and remain in the eu , that would be great . 
  fascinating . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  i 'm about the last person to say anything positive about the evil wicked tories , but credit where it 's due . 
  there 's a lot about the uk that 's shitty ( and getting shittier with tories and brexit and all that ) , but government websites are easy to use and remarkably efficient . 
  if you need to renew your passport , update your driving licence , or do any of those kinds of routine administrative tasks online , they actually make it pretty simple . 
  this is fascinating . 
  little things like this can show so much about the difference in mindset between countries . 
  thanks !, 
  / ( whatever cheers is in hungarian , i have no idea . ), 
  it is closer today that it has ever been . 
  i think we will stay in the single market ( through efta membership ) for an interim period , and then apply to rejoin the eu maybe 5 years after independence . 
  oh , i agree . 
  it 's not a criticism of your two countries - both of which i have visited . 
  your long term prospects are better than the uk 's . 
  on the other hand i 'm scottish , and we 've got our own ` bro ' thing going on with the irish . 
  i share an office with a polish economist and a hungarian lawyer . 
  they spend quite a lot of time discussing the decline of democracy in their countries . 
  and sadly , at present , brothers in subverting what had been reasonably well functioning constitutional democracies . 
  did that happen immediately after the collapse of communism , or only after the breakup of czechoslovakia ? 
  some of the other responses are a bit misleading . 
  in the us , the ` entire ballot ' refers to a ballot for all the various elections taking place on the same day . 
  americans elect a lot of people who in europe would be appointed or would be career civil servants . 
  so they have a long ballot , on which they can vote for everyone from president to city attorney . 
  but that 's not what 's happening here . 
  this is just the ballot for ( the equivalent of ) the house of representatives . 
  george w bush called them tourists and sent them to a specially built ` seaside resort ' in the caribbean . 
  theresa may has banned it just in case . 
  that makes no sense . 
  no ff , no fg , no labour , no sf . 
  which parallel universe ireland is this ? 
  no , and i agree that gove is a horrible fanatic . 
  i get it from having studied comparative constitutional law , with a fair amount of constitutional history . 
  in most of continental europe elections are held on sundays at the insistence of the catholic church . 
  before ww2 it was mass , a harangue from the priest about not voting for communists , and then voting . 
  this is why the same dangerous right-wing interests that led the brexit campaign from behind the scenes also crushed the proposed av reform in the 2011 referendum . 
  malta is a fascinating country . 
  i 've visited several times . 
  i even met with a former president ( guido de marco ) who invited me to his house for tea . 
  i love the belgian monk in norwich . 
  i miss that place so much . 
  glad to know it is still in business . 
  ah yes , i remember those books . 
  airships made out of whales . 
  re : the uk being represented as a scotsman . 
  scottish regiments had a fierce military reputation and were often used as the shock troops of the british empire . 
  is n't that a famously haunted pub ? 
  i do n't actually speak maltese , so i do n't know how reliable a guide it is , but i thought it was interesting . 
  a maltese friend once gave me a useful rule-of-thumb : if something existed 2000 years ago , the word for it is probably of arabic origin ; if it existed 200 years ago but not 2000 years ago , it is probably of italian origin ; and if it has been invented in the last 200 years , the word is probably of english origin . 
  r/malta would like a word with you . 
  english is an official language in malta . 
  ( constitution of malta , art 5 ) . 
  could someone cross-reference this to the political complexion of the government in power over that period . 
  do left-leaning governments have a better record of poverty reduction than right-leaning governments ? 
  that would be an interesting thing to know .
