  you are now a moderator of / r/cirkeltrek, 
  i have done that journey by train . 
  over the course of several weeks , i travelled around poland by train , visiting krakow , warsaw , poznan , gydnia and lots of other places , before ending my journey in puck . 
  it was a really interesting , beautiful country to visit . 
  cool people , good food , fascinating history . 
  ( impossible language , though . ), 
  i 'd be glad to . 
  next time , we will . 
  dear uk , if you want to jump overboard and swim with the sharks , feel free . 
  goodbye and good riddance . 
  but for god 's sake stop rocking the boat . 
  we do n't all have your suicidal tendencies and these seas are rough enough already . 
  you know how in 2014 we said we 'd stay together and make it work ? 
  well , that was then , and this is now . 
  it 's over . 
  you 've lost your mind . 
  so you jump , but we are staying on board the good ship europa . 
  been nice knowing you . 
  regards , scotland . 
  well , nobility are people too . 
  so are burgesses and clergy . 
  in terms of the sociological composition of representative bodies , some mid and late medieval institutions were actually more representative of the ` lower orders ' than our current institutions which , although based on universal suffrage , in practice over-represent the rich . 
  the council of one hundred in barcelona would be such example . 
  that 's why measuring decentralization is difficult . 
  if you look at the range of legislative competences , most autonomous communities have fewer powers than , say , the scottish parliament . 
  but if you look at the share of public spending that the autonomous communities handle ( a measure of fiscal rather than legislative decentralization ) then spain is one of the most decentralized countries . 
  spain is the only country on earth that made anarchism a workable and effective form of government !, 
  good analogy . 
  there were plenty of elected representatives in the middle ages . 
  parliaments are a medieval , not modern , invention . 
  admittedly , representation was by ` estates ' , so mostly it was the nobility , knights , burgesses and clergy being represented . 
  i 've served with them in iraq , and with the spanish navy at sea on nato exercises , and i have to say that they were quite impressive . 
  if your mental image is of ` lazy , incompetent sombrero-wearing man on a donkey ' then you are very much mistaken . 
  of course , spain is only a middle ranking power , but for its size it makes a pretty good contribution . 
  yes , the figures i 've seen are now out of date , but if i recall correctly only around 25 % of spanish public spending goes through the central government , about 50 % through the autonomous communities , and about 25 % through the local governments ( municipalities etc ) . 
  that makes spain one of the most , if not the most , fiscally decentralised countries in europe . 
  yes , definitely . 
  the caretaker government . 
  the wikipedia entry for caretaker government is not the best , but it does explain adequately what a caretaker government is and does ( usually , they are the former government , which although resigned continues to perform routine and urgent business , although without the ability to undertake new policy decisions ) . 
  exactly . 
  there 's no national government ( other than the caretaker government ) , but spain is a very decentralised country and much of the real work of day-to-day governing is taking place in the autonomous communities and municipalities . 
  in any case , the administration and the judiciary are still doing their jobs , as are the police , the army , and everyone else in the public sector . 
  life goes on . 
  oh the irony . 
  it hurts . 
  yeah , but in the words of the dude , ` that 's just like his opinion , man ' . 
  ( admittedly a weighty opinion ) . 
  the advocate-general may cause a bill to be referred to the supreme court , but it is the court that decides . 
  crucially , the advocate-general ( under section 33 ) or the secretary of state ( under section 35 ) can intervene only after the bill has been passed by parliament . 
  that sets the uk government up for a direct confrontation with the parliament , and requires them to say no to something that the parliament has already approved . 
  that 's a direct challenge and provocation , of the sort to be met with demonstrations and tanks . 
  if the uk government insist on going to the supreme court , it comes down to a question of legitimacy . 
  usually , in civilised countries with proper constitutions , the supreme court , in nullifying an act of parliament , relies on the fact that the constitution , as the expression of the settled and constituent will of the people , has greater legitimacy than any particular temporary parliamentary majority . 
  but the uk has no such principles to which it can cling for legitimacy . 
  as a matter of law , the supreme court might be likely to decide in the uks favour , but its legitimacy to do so would be threadbare . 
  legally , they can say that the powers and legitimacy of the scottish parliament are derived from a sovereign westminster under the scotland act that defines the limits to that power . 
  inpractice , we know - in accordance with the claim of right - that the powers and legitimacy of the scottish parliament are derived from the people of scotland , and that only the people of scotland , when push comes to shove , can limit those powers . 
  that 's a more debatable point than it appears . 
  in 2014 , there was a section 30 order , which westminster had to agree to , and of course the edinburgh agreement between the scottish government and the uk government that would make the result binding . 
  however , the question of whether the scottish parliament actually needed a section 30 order to confer upon it the power to hold a referendum was never tested . 
  the scottish parliament has plenary powers in all matters not exclusively reserved to westminster . 
  the union is exclusively reserved . 
  however , the holding of referendums is not . 
  a case could be made to say that the scottish parliament has the right to hold a referendum on independence without the consent of westminster , although giving effect to the outcome , if a decision for independence is the result , would require the assent or at least the acquiescence of westminster . 
  another consideration is the scottish claim of right of 1989 , issued by the scottish constitutional convention . 
  this asserts the right of the people of scotland to determine our own from of government . 
  it gives explicit voice to the underlying scottish principle of popular sovereignty ( as opposed to the english notion of parliamentary sovereignty ) . 
  this was n't some piece of nationalist propaganda - it was signed by such worthies as david steel , the libdem former presiding officer , and gordon brown , the labour former uk prime minister . 
  when the claim of right was endorsed by the scottish parliament in 2012 , it was approved overwhelmingly - by labour and the libdems , as well as by snp and the greens ; even the evil wicked tories abstained and could not bring themselves to vote against it . 
  now , the claim of right is not hard law . 
  i doubt any court , scottish or uk , would consider it . 
  but the uk and the british empire have never worked on hard law alone . 
  the claim of right asserts scotland 's ability to determine our own future ; it recognises that scotland did not alienate or destroy its national sovereignty through the union , but simply put it out on loan . 
  it would be very hard for the uk to hold scotland against scotland 's will , except by force . 
  if they were not willing to do that in india in 1947 , they will not do it in scotland in 2017/18 . 
  cool , since we are at war with isis , it helps to identify targets . 
  not really . 
  that was the transient cause that enabled the english commissioners to bribe our aristocracy with a bail-out . 
  but the underlying cause was a desire to avoid commercial isolation . 
  no way . 
  we entered the uk and signed up to its imperial project because the british empire offered us what we , as a small , talent rich but resource poor country needed : open markets , a broader field of opportunity , shared security and influence . 
  the uk that in 2014 we voted to stay in was a uk that gave us access to europe . 
  that uk has gone . 
  the uk has become an obstacle to its original purposes . 
  we have to choose between two unions , and of these the eu is bigger , better and more relevant . 
  we voted by a convincing majority to remain in the eu , and that vote calls the 2014 vote into question . 
  if independence from the uk is necessary to preserve scotland 's place in europe , then i am confident that a majority of scots will make that choice . 
  remain means remain . 
  this is a ` die in a ditch ' issue . 
  if the uk government tries to pull scotland out of the eu , then scotland will break away . 
  it 's just a matter of whether we do it sensibly , in a calm , peaceful , negotiated way , or whether we end up in a bloody and protracted civil war from which no one will benefit . 
  the uk is over , finito , kaput , done . 
  this is the kind of delusional fantasy island thinking that got us into this mess in the first place . 
  britain is fucked , deeply and structurally fucked by an economic , social , cultural and constitutional omni-crisis that finally marks the end of the british-imperial state . 
  recreating a ` heritage museum ' version of what might have worked in the past is n't going to fix it . 
  the really sad thing is that they still think they are a world power - as if the eu does n't matter , because when they leave they 'll get the empire back . 
  the uk government is actively considering buying a new royal yacht , so that royalty and minister 's can strut around the world like a hundred years ago . 
  it 's such a tragi-comic over-estimation of their own importance . 
  i ca n't remember the exact geography , but i had a lovely time there enjoying the baltic coast . 
  hel is a small seaside town on the puck peninsula .
