  so it 's official : a high enough concentration of women in black dresses will turn the place into a dark-romantic gothic winter wonderland . 
  the only way to protect your personal liberties is to prevent russia invading . 
  now you have all the rights and freedoms of an estonian and a european citizen . 
  if russia invades , all that would be lost . 
  your service is not an infringement of freedom , but a defence of it . 
  all of us in europe have an interest in defending and supporting our baltic allies and partners against russian aggression . 
  but you are now on the front lines of freedom . 
  when you have something worth defending ( freedom , democracy , independence as a state , preservation of national culture , being part of europe , pretty high standard of living ) and you have a real threat to all that on your doorstep ( naughty russia ) , i imagine that it feels more like an honour and a privilege to serve your country , not an imposition . 
  gonnie no mention tha war . 
  ah mentioned it wance or twice , ah think ah got awa wi it . 
  and gies yer bike an aw , pal . 
  this is why the uk does n't deserve to be in the eu . 
  ( except of course for scotland . ), 
  hi goodgodsabove , i hope is is not too late to respond to your question . 
  the fact is that i 've been thinking about it - really seriously thinking about it - for nearly three weeks now . 
  it 's a good question and it deserves a serious , well-considered answer . 
  i 'll begin by re-stating my original position . 
  firstly , i am worried by militant , aggressive islam . 
  it is a real threat , not only because they shoot and bomb people , but also because they are radicalising whole communities of immigrant-descended youths in western countries , and turning them into a hostile subculture . 
  even so-called ` moderate ' muslims , when you scratch beneath the surface , appear to have some rather nasty , regressive and oppressive views . 
  they mainly differ from the ` extremists ' in the means , but not the ends . 
  secondly , as a proud and somewhat patriotic member of that thing we call ` western civilisation ' , i think that part of what makes western civilisation so great , and what distinguishes it from other civilisations , is the combination we have of democracy and liberty - open societies , pluralism , freedom of speech , association and assembly , the rule of law , religious toleration , representative and responsible systems of government , constitutionalism and all that . 
  it 's good stuff . 
  it 's there for a reason . 
  we should n't undermine it . 
  thirdly , it concerns me that almost all of those who agree with me about the first point are from the far-right , and are rather indifferent to the second point . 
  they praise western civilisation , but ignore the free and civic way of life which is one of its greatest achievements . 
  we all know what the anti-democratic far-right leads to : torture , concentration camps , book burnings , wars etc. 
  it 's really not very pretty . 
  i must nuance the third point by admitted that it is an open question whether the ` new populist right ' , represented by folks like wilders in the netherlands and le pen in france are actually anti-democratic in the way that the old ` far right ' , which looked to people like hitler , franco and mussolini were . 
  their public statements seem to indicate that they seek to exercise power within democratic systems , to hold power by winning free elections and to work within constitutional constraints . 
  however , it is also possible to see signs of contempt for democratic institutions - perhaps they will adhere to the letter of the law , but not its spirit ; perhaps they will seek to erode and undermine constitutional safeguards and reduce democracy to a crude majoritarianism . 
  if so - and the behaviour of leaders like viktor orban indicate that it might be the case - then point three stands . 
  also , even if the party leadership are careful not to openly articulate anti-democratic sentiments , it must be admitted that many of their activists and followers are anti-democratic . 
  there 's a sort of neo-traditional alt-right out there which has some reasonable critiques of the way western societies have evolved since the 1960s , but which also harbours some dangerous anti-democratic sentiments which are at least as harmful to our freedom as what the caliphate-folks are proposing . 
  that needs to be seriously challenged . 
  ok , so what can we do about it all . 
  i have some ideas . 
  one : we should be proud of our constitutional heritage . 
  the precise constitutional foundations of western countries differ but all ( except the uk , which for complex historical reasons is a strange and increasingly imperiled exception in this regard ) have written constitutions embodying broadly similar principles through broadly similar institutions . 
  we should teach constitutions in school . 
  have civics classes . 
  explain to people not only what their rights are , but where these rights come from and why they are important . 
  personal anecdote : i live in the netherlands and i 'm in the process of applying for dutch citizenship . 
  the dutch constitution is over 200 years old - one of the oldest in the world still in use , although of course it has been amended many times . 
  compared to some more modern constitutions , its quite thin and relatively ` old fashioned ' . 
  but all the rights , guarantees and institutions necessary for a free society are set out in it - fundamental rights , democratic processes , checks and balances etc. 
  it 's a constitution that has stood the test of time and has generally allowed a diverse , free , flourishing society to govern itself and to do so well . 
  but hardly anyone knows about it . 
  the level of constitutional awareness amongst ordinary citizens is low . 
  i most of them have never read it and have very little idea what is in it . 
  that 's a pity , because there are some principles in that constitution which could provide a basis for civic loyalty - a democratic patriotism that unites people despite their religion or ethnicity . 
  two : addressing the causes of radicalisation . 
  the leaders of radical muslim movements tend to be relatively rich and well educated , but their followers are often drawn from those of low socio-economic status . 
  addressing economic exclusion , poverty and inequality is important - not only to prevent radicalisation , but also because it is n't good for society to have a lot of unemployed poor people . 
  however , man does not live by bread alone . 
  people do n't just need money to live on , they also need something to believe in . 
  radicalised people are recruited into a movement that gives them a bit of power , a bit of something to strut and boast about . 
  it gives them a sense of purpose . 
  one of the weaknesses of contemporary western societies is that is does n't give young people , especially young men , something worthwhile to do and to believe in , something practical and tangible that gives them a useful function . 
  if you are a bored , aimless young man , who ca n't get a job ( or is stuck in a dead-end job ) , has no friends , no social life , and no chance of getting a girl , then joining a radicial movement is very attractive . 
  so clearly this needs to be address . 
  i wonder if the reintroduction of a year 's military service would help , especially if this helps to cement a sense of national identity that reinforces democratic patriotism and that transcends religious differences . 
  it would give people skills and cement them into friendships . 
  things like boy scouts might help too - there 's a role for civil society there . 
  three : freedom of speech . 
  we need to get rid of all the ` hate speech ' laws that limit criticism of islam . 
  let it be exposed for what it is . 
  let it be publicly challenged . 
  islam thrives in a culture of fear . 
  we must not be afraid . 
  political leaders should take the lead . 
  note , this is not to undermine anyone 's constitutional right to freedom of religion - simply for leaders to take the lead in publicly challenging and denouncing islam as a false religion . 
  treat it like the way treat , say , the raelians . 
  four : end public funding for islamic schools . 
  in fact , end islamic schools . 
  i think education is a legitimate function of the state and the supervision of education is a public responsibility . 
  it should be within the power of the state to insist that schools are non-sectarian . 
  note : in the dutch context , this would require a constitutional amendment , since the right to establish religious schools is established by art . 
  23 of the constitution . 
  however , it would not endanger the constitutional order or democracy as such . 
  it 's an amendment , not the destruction of the whole . 
  five : you might not like this one , but evangelisation . 
  i really think that islam thrives because we have largely abandoned christianity . 
  the churches need to up their game and get into seriously evangelising the muslims . 
  none of this ` oh , we must respect their religion ' nonsense . 
  no , these folks needs jesus , and western civilisation needs christianity . 
  six : military defeat of isis . 
  i do n't know whether all this would work , or whether it would be enough , but that looks to me like a practical agenda to challenge the creeping power of radical islam ( and diminishing islam in general ) without threatening the civic , democratic and constitutional values we hold dear . 
  whoops . 
  someone i know did that for about a year . 
  dear ireland , please help us to escape . 
  we were too feart in 2014 , but now we 've got to get out . 
  please can we be your friends ? 
  cheers , scotland, 
  yes , through my work and my engagement with civil society organisations , both in scotland and in the netherlands , i have met several muslims who are loyal citizens of liberal-democratic states and who actively reject the theo-political ideology of islamism . 
  they are , admittedly , a minority : there 's a lot of work to be done . 
  on the other hand i 've also met and worked with several ex-muslims who came to the conclusion that their former religion was incompatible with the western civilization which had given them freedom and opportunity , and who either became atheists or converted to christianity . 
  why ? 
  what makes the caliphate look like a better option to disaffected youth ?
