  if anything i 'm a democratic socialist . 
  but as a northern european , it seems to me that spain is closer in some ways to the middle east than to northern europe . 
  not in the big , important ways , but in small , subtle ways . 
  i 'm married to a spanish woman , and i spent a lot of time in the middle east and in different parts of spain . 
  i studied arabic . 
  these are of course merely personal reflections , but they are not superficial ones . 
  i might be a pink skinned northerner , but i am not the sort who thinks he understands spain after two weeks drinking lager at the st george english pub on the costa del sol . 
  my point is not that ` spain is middle eastern ' , but rather , that if the crusaders had won , the middle east ( specifically the levant ) might today look rather like spain . 
  in spain , one does see arabic influences - in the design of houses , in recipes for cakes and desserts , in the smells , in the pace at which people walk , in the music , in certain phrases and sentence constructions , in manners , in all sorts of small , subtle ways that might not be obvious if you 've lived there all your life , but which stand out to an educated and observant foreigner . 
  but these things are just traces . 
  they 've been mostly overwritten by a culture with its roots in the roman and visigothic worlds . 
  what 's insane about that ? 
  spain to me is what the middle east would have looked like if the crusaders had won . 
  the high jagged stones of this proud , fierce bastion of western christendom are caked in the sundried blood of saints and conquerers , martyrs to the millennium-long battle between the cross and the crescent . 
  a modern , relatively successful society has been built , unmistakably european , indelibly latin , democracy has been established - but beneath it all , although vanquished , traces of arabia remain . 
  i 'd be interested in the constitutional consequences of unification . 
  would the existing irish constitution be extended to the whole island ? 
  or would the north have some sort of federal arrangement ( e.g. 
  keeping devolution , but with ireland rather than the uk as the one handling defence , foreign affairs etc ) . 
  would the very religious provisions of the irish constitution - especially the preamble - have to be reformed in an attempt to make this even possibly acceptable to ni protestants ? 
  i 'm trapped in a monty pythonesque ` croatian pink flamingo ' sketch . 
  indeed . 
  i believe that there is a tendency for compound nouns in english to join together over time , with an intermediate stage of hypenization . 
  so dog house becomes dog-house becomes doghouse . 
  it just happens slowly and by convention . 
  the netherlands , where even the mountains are manmade . 
  i 've now watched 14 episodes !, 
  excellent stuff . 
  that 's brilliant . 
  are there english subtitles for the other episodes ? 
  how do people in transylvania feel about independence ? 
  or autonomy ? 
  from what i 've read , transylvania has a distinct identity from the rest of romania , with more of a central european and less of a balkan feel - closer to the germanic world and to hungary . 
  is this the case ? 
  if so , how does that manifest itself culturally , socially and politically ? 
  i visited cluj and sibiu a few years ago and had a wonderful time , but i did n't really ask about these things . 
  did you speak english with people , like waiters etc ? 
  or do you speak in polish , and they speak in ukrainian , and you sort of more-or-less understand ? 
  that 's nothing : alan partridge has the highest rated military-based quiz show on digital radio in the norfolk area . 
  fun fact : of all the european states which were created after ww1 only two have maintained an unbroken record of independence and democracy since then . 
  finland is one , ireland is the other . 
  from the little bit of polish i studied , the hard part was n't learning the words , it was learning which ending to use - which requires a careful memorisation of genders and cases . 
  i did n't get very far . 
  does anyone have english subtitled versions of their speeches ? 
  or english transcripts ? 
  my polish does n't extend much further than ` two large beers , please ' . 
  imagine the fights they must have over the definition of ` lunch ' . 
  they do n't like it up 'em . 
  see , that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  nice . 
  these propaganda-bots are psyops operatives in the new cold war . 
  they are , unfortunately , quite good at it . 
  and now , to make matters worse , we have a us president that is on russia 's side , and a uk that does n't want to play its part in europe . 
  after the very popular parliaments of europe series , please can we have some posts on the supreme/constitutional courts of europe ? 
  yes . 
  take a longer view . 
  both poland and hungary had a tradition of constitutionalism going back to the middle ages . 
  i meant ` last time ' - ie the 1930s . 
  the last time there was an economic crisis as serious as that which began in 2008 , half the liberal-democracies of europe collapsed . 
  if liberal-democracies fail to meet people 's material economic needs , then people will look to authoritarian rulers who promise to do so . 
  so , yes , it is a deeply troubling trend . 
  remember , both roosevelt and hitler put people back to work , kick-started the economy , and built infrastructure - but one was a sincere democrat , and the other was a mass-murdering fuckhead . 
  we need roosevelts , but i fear that 's not what we are going to get . 
  hungary and poland were success stories of post-communist democratic transition . 
  they both have a history of representative , constitutional government before communism . 
  they have traditionally been part of ` the west ' , in terms of a mostly catholic culture . 
  but they have backslidden . 
  you would have thought that the president of a fairly successful european country like the czech republic could afford a better boat . 
  i needed that in my life . 
  thanks . 
  put that water bike thing on an urban canal in the rain , and have the woman riding it eat a cheese sandwich with one hand while holding an umbrella with the other , and you 'd have the dutchest thing i 've seen all day . 
  it 's important to get the terminology right the congo ( ` congo free state ' ) was the personal domain of the king . 
  it was n't subject to the belgian government , parliament or constitution . 
  ` belgian congo ' only came into existence in 1908 , when the grotesque mismanagement of the congo under the personal rule of leopold became a matter of international controversy , which led to the belgian state acquiring the colony from the king . 
  after the belgian state took over the management of the congo they actually tried to improve the situation somewhat . 
  they tried to invest a bit in infrastructure and education , and encouraged missionary workers who set up hospitals etc. 
  still not brilliant , of course , still exploitative colonialism , but better under the rule of the belgian state than under the personal rule of the king . 
  ( in case the constitutional situation is not clear , the best analogy i can consider is that it would be like the trump organisation owning a country , vs that country being a colony of the united states ) . 
  there 's a way around this : 1 . 
  50 % +1 of votes cast rule , but if the side that is pro-change wins there has to be a second confirmatory referendum after 4 to 5 years ( whatever the standard electoral cycle is ) . 
  that prevents snap decisions . 
  but , there is need for a second referendum if a two-thirds majority support it first time around . 
  that seems like a fair mechanism . 
  it does n't stop the majority from deciding , but it does stop a narrow majority from making regrettable decisions on the spur of the moment . 
  obviously , this additional hurdle would only be for really important and essentially irreversible decisions like becoming independent , not for referendums on less fundamental things . 
  in 2006 i spent six weeks in poland , visiting warsaw , krakow , and various other places . 
  it 's a really cool , beautiful , vibrant country . 
  but the best week was at the end , when i spent time just chilling by the beach on the baltic coast . 
  it was so peaceful ( it was at the end of the tourist season and the weather was starting to turn ) . 
  puck in hel , i was going to say that . 
  dozens of governments ( well , six or seven ) . 
  belgium would like a word . 
  the dutch are the anarchists of the germanic world . 
  they like order , yes , but they also have this contrary impulse to do as they damn well please and be left alone . 
  it makes for a nice combination , actually . 
  everything more or less works , but it 's less officious and constraining than being in germany . 
  interior : scorchio !, 
  exterior : scorchio !, 
  costa : scorchio !, 
  i 'm surprised ireland is n't on this .
