  notice that recently ( ca n't remember which election ) , the polls overestimate this `` shy right '' phenomenon and fn underperformed compared to the poll . 
  ghost in the shall sac 2 , anyone ? 
  hdp : halklar\u0131n demokratik partisi ( kurdish party ), 
  it has backfired in france though . 
  20 years ago chirac wanted to consolidate his majority at the assembly by dissolving it as polls predicted that his party would win . 
  turned up the socialist won and he had to take a socialist prime minister ( jospin ), 
  has this map any relevance ? 
  because the vast majority of the greeks has been expelled after the treaty of lausanne . 
  honestly it 's okay not to know where slovenia , or bosnia are but we are speaking of country such as germany which is way more populated than any us states or poland which has roughly the same population as california i expect you can at least place california , texas and florida on a map with states border , right ? 
  let 's use the usual protocol - finland is here : check - belgium is here : check - the 3 counties are irish : check - no anschluss : check - byzantium is ... found it !, 
  captain obvious here : the hague is now not only the siege of the government and the parliament but also the capital city of the netherlands !, 
  for other people it would also be easier to understand the results if the poll was in english , no idea which answer stands for bengali , tamil or urdu for instance . 
  i personally never have heard of \u5b98\u8bdd . 
  usually use the words \u6c49\u8bed or \u666e\u901a\u8bdd to call the standard chinese . 
  good idea for having added the cantonese dialect, 
  the author just gender swapped the men candidate to girl :-), 
  from left to right , up to down : le pen , fillon , macron , m\u00e9lenchon , hamon , dupont aignan , poutou , arthaud , asselinau , lassale and cheminade, 
  just ^ swap ^ to ^ nuclear ^ energy ^ again, 
  indeed i was really surprised while browsing askreddit to learn that giving drugs to children was seen as a normal thing . 
  definitely agree with you that they should be the last resort, 
  it depends , the midi pyrenees ( toulouse \u00b4 s region ) is a rather rural one , there is not really big cities aside from toulouse which has developed a lot in the last few decades for the reasons you have pointed . 
  as for france , aside from \u00cele de france and paris the richest region is probably the region of lyon . 
  aside from the financial sector , it has a ( relatively ) strong industry especially in sectors such as chemistry or pharmaceutical industry ; it has a great living environment and attract a lot of foreign enterprises . 
  paradox interactive games including europa universalis just like half of r/europe, 
  i have no problem with him , just like someone as richelieu , he did what he believed was the best for his country and weakened the rivals of germany . 
  before of after the euro 2016 ? 
  - andorra paid in odd-numbered years a tribute of approximately $ 460 to the french ruler , while on even-numbered years , it paid a tribute of approximately $ 12 to the spanish bishop , plus six hams , six cheeses , and six live chickens . 
  this medieval custom was subsequently abandoned in 1993 . 
  ( copy paste from wikipedia ) . 
  also heard that they used to give to france pheasant and nails to france but ca n't find any source, 
  250 000 in ile de france , probably the largest community over europe . 
  the only jew i know was a sephardi jew girl coming to france for studies from morocco ( pretty ironic given the low number of jews still living there compared to france ), 
  you can add the religion war of france ( especially the siege of la rochelle ) , the fronde ( against mazarin ) and arguably the albigensian crusade, 
  fuck you iceland , oh i do n't mean the people but the volcano that prevent me from visiting canada x ), 
  keemun mao feng ( black tea ), 
  france : - do n't really like our presidential monarchy system , i would like mid term partial elections like in the us . 
  - would prefer semi proportional election , the single-member constituency is just so imbalanced ( even if i voted for macron , i found it unfair that with barely above 30 % he could have 2/3 of the assembly ), 
  lebanon : lot of successful expatriate people in france and the world ( prominent exemple are carlos slim , carlos ghosn ) . 
  one of the most multi religious country with shia , sunni , maronite , greek orthodox all being significant minority ; it 's such a shame that war devastated the country . 
  do n't know jordan people . 
  interesting , thank you !, 
  by - y suffix you mean family name like `` horty '' , `` kodaly '' ( the musician ) or `` nagy '' ( imre ) ? 
  hmm , probably petain , one of the most common insults/criticisms toward the front national is calling them heir of vichy . 
  napol\u00e9on for people from the left wing especially who consider him as a bloody warmonger tyran that ruined france . 
  question to the romanians of reddit , how is vlad iii seen in your country ? 
  is he remembered for his fierceness , for his fight against the ottomans or both ? 
  did they remove the `` von '' from their name after the collapse of the empire after ww1 ? 
  by the way i know somebody who used to have a heir of the habsburg in her high school , he was very arrogant and had a private driver :-), 
  same in france , most of the `` de xxx '' i met comes from traditional catholic family ( but not necessarily wealthy ) . 
  uk , juste get out asap, 
  so you failed for belgium and finland ? 
  you sure you do n't want hungary ? 
  rip lithuanian bro, 
  ok , for french people : 70f is 21c according to google . 
  it is probably be the average temperature , so it 's much hotter at noon where the temperature is closer to 30c ( 86f ) and there probably will be a few peak of temperature where it will be even higher . 
  but you should be fine without air conditioning , i leave at 20min from versailles and i do n't have air conditioning in my room , just open the window at night !, 
  it 's not that i dislike eastern europe countries and i would n't mind a regional cooperation and participating financially to your development . 
  let 's take the case of your country , the brain drain is really not a good thing for your country and is hampering the development of it . 
  on our side , people are not fond of the social dumping the extension of the eu to the east created . 
  the schengen agreement put us in an embarrassing situation , we obviously do n't want free circulation of the roms . 
  as i stated before , being 27 makes a true political union much more complicated ... 
  yeah that 's why i `` exclude '' the nordic countries from the federal eu , i know that most of you do not share this vision of eu . 
  what are you saying op ? 
  the girls are not underaged , they are 900 old dragons/vampire with human forms / s same issue as violent video games and movies ( in a range from happy 3 friends to saw and gta , where people took a sadistic pleasure to see violence ) . 
  they are no proved correlation between playing those games and committing murders . 
  as for loli hentai , it should n't be banned as it would start a ban on things that are deemed immoral ; it would leave the door open to all kinds of excesses regarding the limitation of freedom of expression , by first engulfing in the breach created by this particular case that is rather unanimous . 
  honestly , i wish they did not join the eu . 
  at 27 it made decision process and further integration harder to made . 
  ( opposition for 2 speeds eu for exemple ) actually i would even rather a much more centralized eu ( yeah i am a federalist ) with the 6 original members + eventually spain/portugal ... oh well , that 's off topic i guess . 
  as for the countries i have no problem with most of them aside from hungary and poland ( especially the latter ) . 
  this may be a controversial opinion but i ressent them a bit , they only seem to care about the development funds . 
  with their nationalist government i truly find that we no longer ( if we ever have ) share the same values ( about solidarity , freedom and stuffs like that ), 
  decent , i got chinese origins and my grandpa loved spicy food from sichuan, 
  my mother in law / s, 
  this was initially my thought to , but there must be also tourists from japan , vietnam or south korea for who china is just a neighbor country and do n't have to spend this much time . 
  sure , they diverged a lot but i believe that most of the grammar structure is the same so that our turn of phrase and mistake should be pretty close . 
  not necessarily i got romanian , italian ( ca n't remember the last one but it was n't french ) as guessed languages . 
  the difference are probably swallow within the latin languages . 
  mathilde if it 's a girl , just like the character mathilde de la mole from the red and the black ( stendhal ) . 
  for a boy , let 's say lancelot , knight of the lake . 
   old germanic filthy barbarian, 
  neuch\u00e2tel rightful prussian clay !, 
  tu l'as perse \u00e0 jour !, 
  let 's say massachusetts because of the health care system ... 
  american , just look at politics or news sub , they are basically american news and american politics . 
  they do n't even have an equivalent of our national subs as they consider all reddit is american . 
  the community however is international . 
  summer : once a day ( sometime twice after a running for instance ) winter : every other in average , no need to waste water as i do n't sweat that much, 
  although the french army has kept more of its ' ability than our other neighbors ( except uk ) we are still dependent on the us army for our foreign operation ( we used your c 17 in mali for exemple ) . 
  about the equipment part , it 's rather things like sleeping bag and insulated cloth in order not to freeze during cold night , walking shoes , since those provided by the army are shitty , water gourd ( the one provided by the army 's bottleneck is said to be a bacteria nest ) but also ballistic eyewear . 
  tell us more about this story ... 
  even the french army is under financed , many vehicules have to be the scrapped earlier than planned because of the lack of maintenance . 
  many soldiers complains that they had to buy some of their equipment themselves because of the terrible quality of the one provided by the army . 
  the operation in mali and centrafrique and the vigipirate patrol plans are even adding more stress to the army . 
  the 1600 \u00b4 s i would say . 
  by 1800 or even 1700 , denmark is by no way a great power , it is at best a local power of the baltic sea and not even the most powerful on : sweden , prussia and/or ( depending on the time ) poland-lithuania and russia were stronger . 
  do n't you want to restaure personal union over france ? 
  what about an union with the czechs ? 
  oliven\u00e7a is rightful portuguese clay , 
  hehe blame the prussian and the palatinate elector .
