  after 18 i would say it is mixed . 
  typically in france people do a `` before '' and/or an `` after '' . 
  ( english words used ) , consisting in drinking and small talk . 
  the core of the `` party '' is done at either a night club or a bar . 
  although there obviously still are house party but less often i would say . 
  basically this . 
  i traditionally vote for the center right but i am probably going to choose macron this time and hope that bayrou will be able to establish his moralizations of the political system law fillon 's program has 0 chance to be applied because of his total lack of credibility ( really , this guy expect to increase the number of working hours of public servante after he has embezzled one million euro ? ), 
  and he is definitely too much on the right for me : not only from an economical point of view but also social one , his best support are catholic fundamentalist like sens commun . 
  while he used to be a serious candidate who talk about economy instead of populist themes he suddenly shifted the topics of his campaign in order to become a sarkozy bis . 
  no thank you . 
  hehe you know who is going to be the master after the next belgian election ? 
  well it 's actually pretty logical but clearly dumb : the way we count in france : soixante dix ( sixty-ten ) , quatre vingt ( four-twenty ) , quatre vingt dix ( four twenty ten ) is unnecessary complicated . 
  swiss and belgian uses the much more natural septante , octante ( although swiss uses quatre vingt to ) and nonante . 
  and we use marie , jean , pierre , michel instead of mary , john , peter and michael, 
  not sure you can find an equivalent country . 
  in term of opportunity whether it is for a mba or a job in the high technology ( a friend of mine went to murica to do his ph.d on machine learning ) , the us are pretty much unmatched as the wage would be much higher there . 
  on the dark side , your health care and social system is really weak compared to the one in europe . 
  the french president even have more power ( politically speaking ) than the us one ... 
  he ca n't be impeached , he can dissolve the assembl\u00e9e nationale ( equivalent of the congress ) and in 90 % of the case the assembl\u00e9e is just a puppet of the president ... we also do n't have strong counter weight on a local scale like the us states have . 
  republican spain [ flag ] ( http://graffica.info/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/flag_of_spain_1931_-_1939.svg_.png ) , the purple is so sexy, 
  every country of the eu ? 
  do n't know why you are down voted . 
  it is true that expressionism was invented in germany but paris is still the [ lighthouse ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/school_of_paris ) of the intellectuals and artists in europe : foreigner such as chagall , stravinsky ( more generally a huge number of russian after the 1917 revolution ) , hemingway , picasso all lived at least a few years in paris . 
  ( not to mention french such as debussy , ravel , zola , proust and many more ), 
  unshit yourself !, 
  '' ) : sort this thing by yourself . 
  ( you are in the shit , get out of it by yourself ) fly 's butthole fucker ( `` enculeur de mouche '' ) : a nit picker, 
  yeah i clearly remember the 1st i had a hangover . 
  drunk to much cider as a teen ... 
  if you feel like you do n't want them anymore we will gladly lend you our guillotines . 
  : x more seriously i respect queen elisabeth ii as i feel like she is a model of the monarch in a modern constitutional monarchy and that she showed her value in ww2 by not fleeing in the blitz and served as an auxiliary during the war . 
  ~ much respect . 
  i 'm also pretty interested by lord mountbatten , who has a really interesting record during wwii being one of the most competent commander ( paired with general slim ) on the south asia front , and his contribution in operation mincemeat or the design of the mulberry artificial port after operation overlord . 
  on the other hand i do n't really care about the younger members of the royal familly, 
  modern one : pay your debts !, 
  ancient one : long live to basileia ton rhomaion !, 
  personally i can only make a difference between scottish and rest of united kingdom . 
  i know that the people have some differences with the british , the religion is presbyterianism instead of anglicanism ; thanks to eu4 i know that scottish gaelic is mostly spoke in highland scotland . 
  they also remained ind\u00e9pendant longer than northern ireland or wales ( vive l'auld alliance ! ), 
  and only really fused in the early 18th after the acts of union . 
  i also can tell that scots are generally more pro eu as shown by the result of brexit . 
  i can name a bunch of scots ( william wallace , robert the bruce , walter scott , sean connery , ewan mcgregor , andy murray , alex salmon ) . 
  i also used to have an english teacher coming from inverness so i guess i can recognize the accent . 
  as for wale i honestly know almost nothing aside from the fact that wales has one village with a ridiculously long name . 
  i would n't be able to name a single welsh and do n't know much about their history or culture . 
  same for ulster , i mostly know for bloody sunday , ira etc. . . 
  charles v was n't austrian !!, 
  ... oh you were n't speaking about him ? 
  really ? 
  i always thought that the region recovered pretty well . 
  the proximity with germany and luxembourg helped a lot http://loractu.fr/moselle-est/2342-lorraine-l-allemagne-est-un-partenaire-incontournable.html and the figure shows that the wealth of the region is in the average tier . 
  french , european and then only francilien ( inhabitant of \u00cele de france , aka paris region ) . 
  reasons are that i have moved twice before my parents finally moved to where i live ( so i do n't really have such strong attach to my region ) , that my parents are migrants and that i am a federalist and so give importance to eu . 
  napoleon 's foreign policy after 1806 . 
  1 / france is the [ master of europe ] ( http://www.euratlas.net/history/hisatlas/europe/180806er.jpg ) , in 2 years it has beaten 2 coalitions formed by russia , prussia , sweden , sicily and great britain ( essentially naval warfare and subsidies ) france 's position is completely hegemonic , it directly controled or puppeted the benelux , italy ( except the papal states ) , switzerland ; it has dissolved the holy roman empire and the westerns state from germany are either clients states or `` allies '' to france , they are regrouped in the `` confederation of the rhine '' . 
  great duchy of warsaw ( basically poland ) is also de facto a french vassal . 
  last but not least , spain is an ally of france . 
  nothing could go wrong right ? 
  well too bad that napoleon loved war too much ... 2/because the brit would legitimately not tolerated that french completely dominate europe , they refused to sign peace . 
  frustrated napoleon launched a continental blockade to ruin economically great britain . 
  despite rampant smuggling , the fact that the british partially looked for new markets aside from europe and the refusal of some countries to join it like portugal , napoleon just had nothing to do and the british economy would eventually collapse , it was just a matter of years . 
  ( between 1792 and 1815 , gb spent 5 times as much as the french as for military expenditure !!!, 
  it nearly collapsed after the stock crisis and the war against murica ; it only survived using loans , the debt reached 250 % of its gnp in 1815 ! ), 
  but napoleon went full retard : he completely exploited the rest of europe , emphasizing the exportation of french products . 
  russia especially was hurt , its ' economy rely a lot on it 's exportation toward gb and french would not provide any decent compensation for the loss . 
  as a result the tsar decided to trade with the british again in 1812 . 
  the french emperor would then take disastrous decisions in the following years like invading spain to put his incompetent brother on the throne or of course invading russia to enforce the blockade ... what most people do n't know is that the austrians and russians were ready to negotiate under favorable condition ( french would keep benelux and italy ) until 1813 and even 1814 for austria , as they did n't want to replace the french domination by a british one !, 
  but napoleon believed that his military genius could tip the scales ... 3 / fall of the french empire and loss of the revolution ideals in europe , quite obviously . 
  4 / defiance toward france in europe in the next decades which could not do any aggressive move . 
  birth of the british global domination all over the world , birth of a german nationalism ( in 1813 the germans states all revolted against napoleon ) which would in the future be the first step in the german unification . 
  it could have been far worse . 
  choiseul managed to keep most of the french islands of the caribbean ( haiti , la guadeloupe , la martinique etc. . . ) which provided huge income with the exploration of coffee , tobacco and sugar . 
  from an economical point of view there were much more valuable than the french canada . 
  i would not call the 7 years war a political mistake in itself , tension were growing both in europe and between france and great britain , the war was unavoidable . 
  the french expected too make the situation oversea stale while invading the hannover , personal possession of the king of great britain . 
  what was n't expected was to lose on the mainland too against the anglo-prussian ... 
  is n't it just the word morning ? 
  i ca n't believe that op , a native english speaker wo n't bother writing in a correct language on a sub where the majority of the people does n't even come from an english speaking county . 
  that 's so gross . 
  longest i do with my family ( about once a year ) is 500 ~ 600 miles in order to go from paris to the south coast or alps mountains . 
  any further and we would take the plane . 
  personally i prefer taking the train for such a long distance but the tickets are too expansive and it is not practical to move your luggage . 
  definitely football . 
  also rugby is traditionally a sport popular in southern france , if you take a look at the top 14 ( first rugby division ) , the only 2 clubs not from the south are ... 
  racing 92 and stade fran\u00e7ais , both of them being in paris region . 
  overall , tennis is ahead , horse riding too ( thanks to the girls ) , and then it is rugby/handball/basketball ( roughly the same number ), 
  that moment i realized i was mostly raised by english books as a kid , huhu : x. narnia ( cs lewis ) , roald dahl , his dark material + sally lockhart latter ( pullman ) , harry potter ( rowling ) etc. . . 
  block of ice in wine, 
  belgium french is also pretty funny :-), 
  jonas salk , the inventor of the vaccine against the poliomyelitis . 
  the guy never put a patent on it to make it available to the widest spread possible although it is estimated that he could have won the equivalent of current a billion dollar , instead he chose to save the life of million of people . 
  battle of tours : we really do n't know much about this battle , ( not even sure of the year could be 732 or 733 ) there really are n't many reliable primary sources about it , it may have been a huge battle opposing tens of thousands soldier as it also could have been minor skirmish among many battles much less important than the battle of toulouse 10 years earlier . 
  what is certain is that it allowed charles martel to become the overlord of aquitaine after the duke eudes ask for his help to repel the muslims and thus assert the domination of the frankish ; and that the sarrasin razzia and presence in southern france lasted several more decades . 
  the real decisive battle at this time is the failure of the arabian siege of constantinople in 717-718 . 
  50 000 death and almost their ships sunk will all their crew . 
  and it is one of the deep reason of the fall of the umayyad caliphate its ' importance is overall exaggerated and it sure became a myth in the french history . 
  thanks , since you did n't claim her , we will use marie curie on our banknote :-) joke aside it was the case for our old [ 500 francs banknotes ] ( https://pmcdn.priceminister.com/photo/france-500-francs-1994-pierre-et-marie-curie-avant-euro-frcs-frc-frs-1075564549_ml.jpg ), 
  used to say `` schlips '' in my school . 
  dunno why, 
  well she is not born there but she has been in edinburgh since 20 years so kind of scottish ...
