  oh come on european dudes you are the same , stop downvoting him . 
  not everybody ofc but many people just watch soccer during the euro of world cup because of the social aspect , they obviously know the rule but do n't have a clue about game reading . 
  if it truly was interesting everybody would follow it every week !, 
  aside from this i only know one friend who follows it ( but this dude is crazy about sport , he follows tennis , nba , british prime league and even a bit of baseball ) . 
  kill england royal marry on castille and hope getting a pu rape the holy roman empire, 
  well our politicians are doing the same tbh . 
  f1 used to be decently popular ( especially with prost ) but about a decade ago the tv rights went to a pay-tv channel and i guess popularity declined . 
  oh no it 's not that horrible , friend who has worked in both austria and wallonia told me that he never had any problem with the tax deducted at source system in austria while it was a complete mess in belgium and he has to call them , send letter etc. . . 
  http://bruno-31000.skyrock.mobi/1849632985-language-banlieusard.html maybe this . 
  but that 's quite horrible to be fair , you would much rather speak in book french, 
  not typically french  a white lady is a type of female ghost dressed in all white reportedly seen in rural areas and associated with some local legend of tragedy . 
  while white lady legends are found in many countries around the world , they are most prominent in parts of the united states , ireland and great britain . 
  most famous is the lady in white in rochester new york . 
  common to many of these legends is the theme of loss of a daughter or betrayal of a husband , boyfriend or fianc\u00e9, 
  so just switch phone operator every 3 months ? 
  french fries should be belgian fries, 
  not really often and rather in a comical sense too . 
  it 's also used to designate the english in history books/forum/magazine when you want to stress the antagonism between the french and the english, 
  plenty the european charter for regional or minority languages was not ratified by france . 
  i think the government accommodate well to the disappearance of local languages like britton or basque . 
  in fact the situation was not that different in france or italy in the past where they used to be significative difference between the local dialects ( oil language , oc language and franco-provencal are the 3 main sub group of the french linguistic group and they had significant differences ) . 
  the difference is that in both countries , one of the dialect managed to dominate and gradually replace the other one . 
  in france it is the french from paris , and iirc the italian from tuscany became standard italian . 
  they planned to remove it during the summer 2016 but they were sort of trapped by the nice terror attack . 
  it 's a reference to the war of religion in europe , the swedish decided to side with the protestant side of the holy roman empire . 
  the swedes initially obtained a bunch of successes but after the death of gustav adolf ii and some defeats ( especially n\u00f6rdlingen ) , conflict stalled and the army lost its ' discipline . 
  one example is the year 1635 in lorraine the `` swedish army '' ( was n't this much swedish due to the huge number of germans or scottish mercenaries that has no discipline and live to sack and rape like the average mercenary ) devastated the region ( that already suffered a lot previously , from disease and previous looting ) and destroyed entire villages ( like in the illustration just above ) . 
  it is estimated that the region lost 50 % of its ' inhabitants during the war . 
  it was more a `` joke '' ( although the topic is not really funny ) rather than a reproach as all sides of this war committed massacres ( people can be so full retard because of different religions ... ), 
  [ #neverforgetwarof 30years ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b0/jacques_callot_miseres_guerre.gif ), 
  i am okay when people spoke about the war of algeria and france \u00b4 s crime of wars . 
  but much less when they start to tell bullshit and follow the fln propaganda saying that there were 1m algerian deaths in the war . 
  not sure total is that great , my mother used to work for them but now works for edf , she prefers her current job as she can now take long break for lunch and leave work one hour earlier than before !, 
  both the `` comit\u00e9 d'entreprises '' ( do n't know the english equivalent , `` work council '' does not really fit ) are great . 
  totally agree !, 
  i would like to add that the problem is also the unbalanced france-germany relationships ; many people ( in the front national but not only ) ressent germany for having the sole leadership over the eu . 
  interesting , did not know that there were several alsacien languages . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/croissant_ ( linguistic ) if you want to know more about the croissant :-), 
  do n't know if we are great , we can be penultimate in term of greatness , it 's good provided we are before those english rosbifs !, 
  the `` standard '' french ( francien ) is the one from the french crown land . 
  it was originally spoken roughly from paris to orl\u00e9ans . 
  it is part of the oil languages which is spoken in the northern part of france . 
  the irony is that at the eve of the revolution the foreign nobility ( french used to be the lingua franca of europe ) and french speaking people of america all speak the standard french while in the mean time , it is only spoken by a fraction of the population in france , as local languages prevail ( including non french languages in brittany , basque region , catalogne , corsica or lorraine ) here is a linguistic map of france http://www.college-jean-monnet-broons.ac-rennes.fr/sites/college-jean-monnet-broons.ac-rennes.fr/local/cache-vignettes/l500xh481/abb5_gr-c0319.jpg, 
  disagree , scania is really nice !, 
  some conspiracy theories about them creating a black hole that could destroy earth, 
  maybe here ? 
  heard that barcelona was the european capital of skateboard, 
  plus he would not be refund for the money he already spent in his campaign ( in france any candidate who does more than 5 % get a ( capped ) refund of his or her campaign 's expense ), 
  including almost 300 years of a pu under austria :-(, 
  probably bein sport . 
  i only watch tennis ( using my mom account who is much more into sport than me ) , but they manage to recruit some good commentators like former player fabrice santoro who says very relevant things in match . 
  depends : r/france is a far left sub , the favorite candidate for the french election is by far m\u00e9lenchon . 
  generally speaking i would say that reddit is center right . 
  i do n't really consider the netherlands as an historical ally of france . 
  netherlands and especially william iii of orange was arguably the fiercest enemy of french expansionism under louis xiv ; latter there were the wars of napoleon , the war for belgium freedom etc. . . 
  we also learn a lot about the us history in english learning course . 
  ( it 's there that i heard about the mayflower , thanksgiving , the trail of tears , the immigration etc. . . ) about dust bowl , our french teacher told us about it when we read the grapes of wrath . 
  for once i would agree with marine le pen , at least wait for the result of the investigation . 
  thanks , did n't know that, 
  5/damn ca n't find the source anymore , but i read that france suggest letting germany some of its weapon but germany refused , calling for non nuclear proliferation, 
  nope , they had the choice , they refused it ( aside from french guyane and a bunch of island ) , that 's fine . 
  move it to edimbourg . 
  scotland ^ ca n't ^ make ^ secession ^ if ^ its ^ is ^ the ^ capital ^ city, 
  : x oh no , forget it , the traffic is already terrible there and the politicians are already unpopular enough to be guillotined so a city at the center of france like vichy ? 
  ... yeah forget it too . 
  until 2013 it was forbidden for women to dress like men ( implying wearing trousers ) if they were n't riding a horse or a bike . 
  ( obviously this is a forgotten law , that was n't applied m ), 
  depends for shitpost or reading basic english it 's pretty much the same . 
  but when i am reading more complex things for an extended duration , my reading speed significatively drops as i do n't have the same automatism as in french and have to makes sort of an analysis . 
  likewise when i write a long message , i often modify quite a lot my message trying to find a better phrasing that sound more english . 
  i have already seen putaclic outside of reddit to be fair, 
  really enjoyed the `` racist '' jokes contrary to a movie like `` qu'est ce qu'on a fait au bon dieu '' ( where 2/3 of the joke are '' the arabs are thieves '' level ) , the humor is more elaborate and original . 
  i laughed so hard at the german embassy scene or during the long speech of the nazi where he repeats the words of the jew of the merchant of venice from shakespeare . 
  sure but chirac 's words to him after the defeat sums up france \u00b4 s stance pretty well . 
  `` do n't forget that you have made dreamt a whole country , that you will stay forever in the heart of the french . 
  you know , ultimately this is more important that anything '' he fell to the provocation , that 's okay , he has done a mistake , he is humane . 
  ca n't speak for the rest of the world but a very large majority of the french considered that materazzi is a total scum and is the initiator of this event . 
  what makes me lose my respect for him is his campaign in favor of the football world cup in qatar . 
  he prostituted his soul for 15 millions dollars . 
  indeed we all know she is kaiserine of europe not queen, 
  # [ makesouthgermanfederationgreatagain ] ( http://www.victoria2wiki.com/south_german_federation ), 
  notice that some of those ideas are also valid to my country ( france ) and that you have strong points to compared to france , such as stronger local referendum or mid term elections . 
  - forbid or strongly restrain the donation of the lobbies , enhance the struggle against conflict of interest . 
  i feel that this is the strongest difference compared to europe , lobbies such as the nra or lockheed martin have unreasonable power . 
  - limit the expense a party can spend during the election , so that the battle is more fair for small candidates . 
  bi partism is a bane as everything is not black or white and there are intermediate positions . 
  this would also have possibly prevent a hillary-trump duel both of them being incredibly unpopular and many electors felt they had to choose the lesser evil . 
  - corollary , make proportional representation on the house of the representative . 
  each states having a number of seats to spread proportionally to the percentage of ballot won . 
  this would also destroy gerrymandering . 
  - suppress electoral college for obvious reasons , swing states have way too much power , possibility to loss despite having the popular vote etc. . . for a direct universal suffrage election instead . 
  the potus is not the president of florida ohio and so but the president of all the americans . 
  - give fucking representative to district of columbia , guam and porto rico ... - personally i feel that 4 years is way too short . 
  the system of primaries also made the election start one year before the actual one . 
  it is quite an infernal rhythm . 
  - for the senate , i understand that you are a federal democracy and that states with fewer inhabitants are afraid of being controlled by overwhelming populated states . 
  so i would therefore suggest a system comparable to the eu where the number of representative is proportional to the square root of the population to help the smaller states without giving them insane power . 
  i have done it once ( in asia ) but not with a fishing rod . 
  instead with some people of the village we extended a huge fishnet in the sea ( which was shallow until quite far away from the beach ) to capture fishes . 
  before 18 , house party for sure as you ca n't be served alcohol in a bar .
