`` the best way to discipline germany is to humiliate it after ww1 . 
  they feel strong . 
  let \u00b4 s make them feel weak . '', 
  probably with henri d'orlean and the bonapartiste pretender of the throne, 
  with u.k. influence going down and france & germany being dissatisfied of poland & hungary , eu funds for those country are likely to be cut down . 
  for france better consider `` radioactive waste in g by km '' , 
  quite impressive , i did n't know that the collapse of the population at rome lasted so long , the city is minuscule even in the 15th and 16th century when it was an important cultural center of the renaissance . 
  well take the north east megalopolis , the population density is roughly the same as a the european country with high density . 
  the density of population on the scale of a country is not going to answer your question , because it is obviously not uniform , will essentially depend if you live in a big city or the country . 
  til that the netherlands were a microstate, 
  right ? 
  they are dromedaries !, 
  nah , look at the holy roman empire , it used to have a universal christian empire vocation since otto iii . 
  are there still people stupid enough to believe in elves ? 
  we all know it is fairies !, 
  so if you are not bavarian , you are prussian or austrian right ? 
  actually in this case , it 's quite the opposite , obama reluctantly followed the uk and france . 
  you mean pain au chocolat , right ? 
  but , you do n't even have the money to make a fighter take off before 8 o'clock and after 17 o'clock : x beside , why would switzerland need a multi-role twin engine jet , while the only mission your air force is likely to do is air patrol and escort ? 
  better buy grippen xs, 
  well india is still the first partener of russia as for the new 5th generation plane t-50 so ... 
  - grand duchy of lithuania used to be huge , possess white russia , bunch of ukraine - part of the `` polska-lietuva '' commonwealth , home of the jagellon dynasty - major cities includes vilnius , klajeda/memel former hanseatic city , kaunas and utena - not a glorious role during ww2 ( well the same thing for my country , do n't worry : x ) , japanese consulate saved a bunch of them , but the population largely helped the nazi to exterminate the jews . 
  - contrary to estonia and latvia , the russians are only the 2nd minority , behind the polish . 
  - basketball, 
  well boeing , you did the same thing twice for your f-15 against my country 's rafale . 
  so ... fuck you , you deserved it . 
  you forgot montenegro and kosovo !, 
  / avoid serbian gunshot, 
  well if you want 50 + year old women you are welcome . 
  i will call this bullshit . 
  a bunch of vaccine are mandatory in france , children not vaccinated can not attend to school , and parents can even be courted , recently a couple was sentenced to 2 mouths of jail . 
  are vaccine dangerous ? 
  yes they are , since you introduce a disease agent in one 's body , albeit weakened . 
  but their benefits exceed far more their drawbacks and the average french man knows this . 
  i suspect the survey not to have ask the same question all over the world . 
  * not familiar with europa universalis, 
  in french i got - why did the british drive on the left - why did the british want to leave eu, 
  please germany invase us again so that la perfide albion is not first !, 
  anyone else that only know the name of the city because of the [ battle ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_n\u00f6rdlingen_ ( 1634 ) ) that occurred there during the 30 years war ? 
  some claims it is because pogba 's transfer from juventus to manchester or because the speaker made a mistake and announced the wrong hymn . 
  that moment when thanks to eu4 you recognize the coats of arms of styria , salzburg and tirol, 
  ok but they should give quebec to belgium which will give flanders to switzerland which will give its italian part to italy which will give south tyrol to germany . 
  ( french ) . 
  \u6ee1\u6708\u65f6 \uff0c \u4e00\u53ea\u9ed1\u732b\u85cf\u56db\u6761\u5927\u9c7c \u3002 ( chinese ) my chinese is not that good since i have n't practiced for half a decade , it should be okay but i ca n't guarantee you it is 100 % accurate . 
  try r/yurop r/europe usually delete meme and shit post, 
  til that ulster = / = northern island, 
  that 's because you basically added wallonia to france and thus you shifted benelux to the east . 
  not a surprise you are from croatia , your balkans looks really great !, 
  to be fair the french is disgusting and obviously translated from google :(, 
  yeah that would 've great just woke up at 2 o'clock . 
  it always took me one week to recover . 
  fuck this . 
  well the french and the british used to build a common plane , the sepecat jaguar . 
  additionally the french/german are likely to construct a common successor for the leclerc/leopard 2 so nothing is impossible , 
  ama please, 
  heard the same joke for loubianka prison, 
  dark green is the first french colonial empire . 
  quebec and india are lost after the 7 years war ; louisiana is sold to murica . 
  europe i obviously napoleon conquest . 
  all of them are lost in 1815 . 
  the map is very generous toward the french , louisiana is empty at this time , so french has a very loose control on it . 
  in europe , it is utter bullshit , danemark , austria and prussia are only `` ally '' of france ( with dubious loyalty for austria and prussia ) , russian territories are controlled for 3-4 months etc. . . not an expert about india but iirc it is rather a zone of influence with local alliance ( which i guess is also exaggerated ) . 
  nothing to do with the british east india compagny . 
  time to burn australian flags, 
  france : 1/the guillotine ( dr guillotin ) 2/braille language ( dr braille ) 3/canned food ( appert ) 4/the calculator machine ( pascal ) 5/the photography ( daguerre ; although french man nipece and english man wedgwood explored experimental photography first ), 
  usual italian mess bro ', 
  macron has actually accepted the alliance , they will meet tomorrow . 
  [ french source ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/flash-actu/2017/02/22/97001-20170222filwww00269-macron-accepte-l-alliance-proposee-par-bayrou.php ), 
  i must be blind , someone please minds explaining me what 's wrong with this picture ? 
  wrong sub r/eu4, 
  just like half of europe right ? 
  but but ... 
  were n't we the elder daughter of the church :(, 
  for france i suggest you `` le monde diplomatique '' . 
  another good one is `` courier international '' but you probably wo n't find it interesting as it basically translate into french news from foreign papers ( including some from asia/south america and africa ), 
  cold war joke : `` what would happen if all the communists of east germany moved to ussr ? '', 
  ... '' the iq of both countries would improve '', 
  apparently they are asking for the liberation of saif al islam , the son of gaddafi . 
  yes but in 1938 it was part of poland . 
  personally i do n't find this offensive , it is imo only an expression which indicates the location where the nazi built their extermination camp ; not an accusation against the poles . 
  wo n't be upset if one talks about the `` french camp of drancy '', 
  til that switzerland was occupied by the axis . 
  + this map is so wrong lol . 
  transylvania should belong to hungary western ukraine and moldavia to romania . 
  greece should be divided in 3 cities are not accurately located on the map and are moved to the north ( lviv can into poland ! ), 
  like it too . 
  more french speaking land ? 
  taking a decisive lead against les rosbifs ? 
  100 % would agree, 
  well it 's not as if the washington was right in the center of the us ... 
  germany is too greedy , leave some of the chocolate to austria !, 
  genuine question , why would they do this ? 
  i ca n't imagine that the french police would leak such important intel to the front national ... 
   free 1 month public transport pass that everyone gets when they are 18 ( not transferrable , sellable ) - something i 've seen being suggested in one of the member states ( maybe 50 % off for someone you can take with you ) . 
  ticket valid for 10 years ( but usable only once ) . 
  * 2 problems , people who are 19 would be screwed and that would be basically the tax payers of europe who would pay this ticket , not the eu . 
   partly substituted international travel tickets - so if you 're above 18 you can still get around cheaper same problem . 
   science / art / literary competitions first at regional , with the best advancing to national / european level why not , may already exist and i do n't believe it would really increase popularity of eu  eu tv , free for all televisions . 
  it could cover news , different cultures in eu ( outside it as well ) , science improvement , history - something like natgeo with added history and news - in an attractive , but still professional , academic way ( like bbc planet earth ) somewhat remind me arte , the franco-german tv channel . 
  do n't know in germany but in france it is often regarded as one the few channel that actually has good quality content .
