  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arte  internet forum but for eu ( like official forum ) - for news , ideas , discussion about anything eu ( and wider ) - something like reddit i guess - but since it would be official i suppose it would attract more people meh , i wo n't create an account specifically for a eu forum . 
  ~ ~ thing like fighting against abuse from private companies ( like the suppression of the abusive roaming tariffs in europe ) and protection of the consumers are definitely things every european would enjoy . 
  i would also like that eu protect us against foreign powers , whether it is erdogan threat on unleashing the migrants flow , russian aggressive stance or abusive fines from the us or to inflict them similar fines . 
  would also like that all countries actually participate to the border patrol to fight against illegal migration . 
  omg france can into germanic countries !, 
  hi , personal union under austria !, 
  `` how can anyone govern a nation that has two hundred and forty-six different kinds of cheese ? '', 
  charles de gaulle, 
  it would be if it was not the 34th post doing the same joke . 
  that 's really hypocritical and selfish . 
  you are the one syphoning the income of the eu states should received through companies taxes . 
  there would n't even be a cow cash without eu , just respect the rules . 
  prc wants to annex/unify ( depends on which side you are ... ) roc . 
  the statut quo is the best compromise as taiwan is enjoying a de facto independence while beijing can rumble about the one china principle . 
  even taiwan president cai ying wen never mentioned the independance in her speech . 
  both prc 's claim on taiwan 's land and taiwanese fear of communism or loss of identity are valid . 
  and trump is jeopardizing this delicate balance not because he genuinely cares about democracy but only because he is dissatisfied with mainland chinese trade policy . 
  not a chance . 
  the statut quo situation is fine for everybody , trump 's escalation may lead to a disaster . 
  nice lesson for the european countries . 
  basically the no man 's sky of the fighter jet industry ... 
  tones of magnificent ( but unfulfilled ) promises about the performances of the f-35 and how revolutionary it would be . 
  do n't f * cking pre order fighters and spent several hundred millions/billions under the name of research and dev cost for a plane you do n't even know the true performances and even the price !!, 
  kinda suck , seriously , i am really under the impression that the only way to keep a central state is to deny and destroy the different regional specifities of the different regions like the jacobin did in france ... ( and today , france is one of the few states that has not ratify the european charter for regional or minority languages ) . 
  give them autonomy and they will take independance . 
  * sigh *, 
  do you want to complain from the french terrible english even more ? 
  because that 's how you get my fellow countrymen to suck even more . 
  france is definitely core of europe . 
  `` eu could ` survive ' without uk but not if it lost france '' herman van rompuy and the majority of the people is till in favor of european union . 
  honest question : is n't the ( austro - ) german law itself inspired from the napoleonic code ? 
  it was under napoleon 's influence that the states of the confederation of the rhine adopted social , administrative and judicial reforms inspired by the one that took place after the revolution in france . 
  well even orban 's party is not considered to be the far right ... 
  to be fair , jupp\u00e9 never got personal enrichment and it is largely admitted that he was the scapegoat of chirac and the party . 
  3 months ago his odds against to win the primary were 30 to 1 ... 
  smart move ( or not ) , he said that he would enact his reforms during the summer vacation ... 
  same thing with france and de gaulle ... sarkozy seeing himself like the savior of france who would come back after a `` travers\u00e9e du d\u00e9sert '', 
  surprised by japan low score . 
  they had a really strict policy about recycling in the building i lived in ( you have to cut , clean and dry your carton packing or bottles ) and seemed to avoid wasting ressources at any cost . 
  urg , so even foreigner know this pseudo-philosopher ? 
  fuck you polish scum !, 
  marie curie ( it 's not sk\u0142odowska by the way ) is fre ... oups sorry , it 's not the one you picked / s, 
  what ? 
  is n't vilna the equivalent of vilnius ? 
  was n't there a time during the medieval era where a jagiellon was king of poland hungary and bohemia at the same time ? 
  i did nazi this coming . 
  portugal , you had one spot not to locate your capital !, 
  albania or iberia , anyone ? 
  the reality is a bit more complex . 
  despite the lack of benefices of disney paris , under the name of royalties of under fees , the parent company drained 1.4 billion of euros from eurodisney in 20 years . 
  so in a way they are only giving back the money , ( the real fall guys in this case are the shareholders ), 
  and the republican camp would have been crushed faster if there were not the french international brigade ( about 9000 volunteers ), 
  victorian scum , we are seeking an increase of combat width !, 
  and karelian too, 
  putao ( \u8461\u8404 ) actually means grape, 
  yeah he really disappoint me a lot , i voted for him in 2012 as he seemed to be a honest politician with a real wish to moralize public life ( it was already in his program ) . 
  even if he is innocent , he seems totally unfit to be the minister of justice . 
  warning the journalists about their investigation on him by phone , really ? 
  good luck for having an election with more twists than the french and the british one !, 
  oh yeah excellent results for the russians , 3000 + civilian death since 2000 because of terror attacks . 
  [ indiscriminate attacks ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_gujarat_riots ) against muslim civilians sure is the solution . 
  and obviously the fact that israel is making gaza a gigantic concentration camp has nothing to do with the hamas popularity . 
  oh and thank you america for making iraq a failed state in 2003 and creating isis, 
  nah , i do n't want to give up avignon to the pope again !, 
  berlin 1936 olympic game ? 
  not really an argument , there is no oil in france yet total is one of the biggest french company . 
  they obviously need petrol engineers for abroad missions . 
  really neutral answers i see ... 
  meanwhile [ american reaction ] ( http://www.tagtele.com/videos/voir/27444/ ), 
  of the chancellor , he is yet to be the senate . 
  new trend where people posted various office from european government . 
  thanks for your correction , in french it indeeds does not have the same connotation . 
  the french wikipedia article for `` wagon fort '' is `` fort de charriot '' damn , you made me want to read again the article about the hussites in this [ magazine ] ( https://anspessade.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/guerreshistoire-31.jpg ) ( bottom left ), 
  my mom used to read them to me in bed when i was a kid , but it 's pretty fun to read them again and see what herg\u00e9 truly wanted to express . 
  much like the blue lotus denounce the japanese expansion in china and anti asian racism , ottokar sceptre actually is a criticism of anschluss . 
  yeah , precisely they say that the syldavian king should not be confused with the bohemian king . 
   `` in 1275 the syldavian people rose up against the bordurian and in 1277 baron almaszout , the soul of the revolt , was proclaimed king . 
  he reigned under the name of ottokar i , which should not be confused with ottokar i ( przemysl ) , duke and king of bohemia in the twelfth century '', 
  - you guys love to [ throw people you do n't like by the window ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/defenestrations_of_prague ) - bohemia used to be an elector of the holy roman empire . 
  ottokar the first is mentioned in one the tintin book : the scepter of king ottokar - you are the cancer of eu4 , spreading hostile core creation cost all over the empire as if the land was not enough expansive to core yet / s - you are now a very atheist country and in the past were the cradle of the hussite revolt against papacy . 
  you managed to defeat a huge crusade from all over the hre by adopting innovative tactics like the use of charriots . 
  you then , with the palatinate elector became those who started the 30 years war . 
  - my country is viewed as a traitorous one because of the munich agreement :( - dvorak ( love his slavonic dance because of civilization 4 soundtrack ! ), 
  true but france could give control of some of its ' weapon to an eu army as it is draining our military budget by a lot . 
  sarkozy even suggest to cede some weapons to germany which they gently refused reminding germany 's engagements . 
  i disagree . 
  france alone need to protect its ' vast maritime domaine abroad . 
  imagine that brazil turns into videla argentina and invades french guyana . 
  guess i was wrong then , believed that finland was still in its ' neutral stance from cold war . 
  and france ... 
  historically we blocked the european army ( gaullist and communist deputies voted against it ) + the referundum of 2005 . 
   the eu ** is ** europe not yet, 
  not if he is doing that in july-august : x, 
  always remind me [ this ] ( https://m.imgur.com/zerqbgq?r ) polandball, 
  hehehe you underestimate the austrian navy : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lissa_ ( 1866 ), 
  same for nobel  according to the austrian countess bertha von suttner , alfred nobel , as early as their first meeting in paris in 1876 , had expressed his wish to produce material or a machine which would have such a devastating effect that war from then on , would be impossible . 
  the point about deterrence later appeared among nobel 's ideas . 
  in 1891 , he commented on his dynamite factories by saying to the countess : `` perhaps my factories will put an end to war sooner than your congresses : on the day that two army corps can mutually annihilate each other in a second , all civilised nations will surely recoil with horror and disband their troops . '', 
  nobel did not live long enough to experience the first world war and to see how wrong his conception was . 
  italy is ok , because the land of swallow , so you can use geographic indicators and there are not that many states .
