you 're right . 
   states which have ethnic disputes or external territorial disputes , including irredentist claims , or internal jurisdictional disputes must settle those disputes by peaceful means in accordance with osce principles . 
  resolution of such disputes would be a factor in determining whether to invite a state to join the alliance . 
  from : http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_24733.htm as vague as i expected it to be , but i guess this is how it came about . 
  `` amen motherfucker ! '', 
  i 've been thinking about this . 
  the main variable is the number of years an asylum seeker is to be supported . 
  assuming 10 years for whatever reason ( because seriously it 's hard to come up with a meaningful number ) . 
  during that period you can reasonably expect the family to join so the numbers increase as well . 
  rough cost ( out of my ass , but seems alright ) per year would be around # 25,000 maybe more ( including nhs costs , etc. 
  ) , so in 10 years that would equal # 250k ( bit more in euro ) so it 's cheaper for the uk to pay than to take anyone in . 
  in many other eu countries , this cost would be a lot smaller . 
  i 'd hazard a guess of around # 8000 per year in poland/chechia/estonia / lithuania/etc . 
  the whole thing is designed to get those refugees into poorer eu states , paid for by the richer , because you know , union of equals but let the refugees/migrants/asylum seekers live somewhere else . 
  seriously fuck the eu commission . 
  what he wanted is a pointless pile of fucking shit . 
  i 've lost all the respect ( and surprisngly i did have some ) for the man . 
  the jews ? 
  does it mean israeli citizens , israeli jews or just jews in general ? 
  yes , very much so . 
  houses/flats in the uk are mostly tiny , especially new-builds and most come with pre-fitted kitchen , with no space provisioned for a separate tumble dryer . 
  it 's funny because the appliances themselves cost next to nothing and yet , they 're not that common . 
  go , check and let us know . 
  in a tumble dryer , which maybe not as popular as in the us , are used in the uk ( if you have space for it that is ) . 
  if not , you can get washer-dryer which saves some space ( but you take a hit on reliability of the appliance ) . 
  i think it 's more than just far-right who do n't want their societies fucked up . 
  also , you seem to be dismissing far-right concerns with your far-left view of the world . 
  so pot calling kettle black really . 
  those organisations are made of honest people who are giving their lives away to help other people . 
  they then expect everyone else to do the same and if you do n't , you 're a heartless racist . 
  fuck your kids and the standard of living your parents and grandparents worked and fought for . 
  i do love the concept and the fact that it brings the continent closer together . 
  i support the free movement of labour and goods and i think there 's a lot of potential for things to get even better . 
  i hate the eu comission and how much power they have . 
  i hate that the president of the ec is someone who spent last decade in the government of a notorious tax haven in europe . 
  i believe we need pan-european political party that will have a set of policies ( something achievable ) so when enough people support the case they can actually go in and make a difference in the parliament . 
  currently , proportional representation is n't really proportional to the amount of people in the whole of europe being for or against something , but only is proportional to size of its member states , who ultimately want different things . 
  i 'd like to reduce power of european commission and give more power to european parliament and i would like to see some pan-european parties to start getting traction in europe . 
  only then i can start taking federalisation seriously . 
  ` see you next tuesday ', 
  each and every news outlet in the uk has got a very strong agenda . 
  the guardian is a little bit different now since corbyn was elected as the leader of labour party . 
  they hate the guy but for ages they 've been backing labour , so now they 're confused . 
  at least it would appear so . 
  bbc is pretty good for anything but political topics and those are the ones mostly posted here . 
  british media is always pushes an agenda . 
  would n't something like eu security council work better ? 
  all members could focus on protecting common interests but the power would still stay with national parliaments . 
  something similar to how un security council works and how this is then put to vote in parliament in the uk . 
  i 'm not an expert so i 'm just throwing it out there and i 'm most likely completely wrong . 
  and how where does the eu army fit into this ? 
  does n't what you imply mean that france will still be bound by those laws but uk wo n't be ? 
  by official channels i mean that they would not be dumped on french beach and left there . 
  there would be a conversation between relevant departments of both countries to agree a way of returning those declined refugees to country they entered from ( in this case france ) . 
  some of the relevant information can be found here : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/libertycentral/2010/sep/21/claim-asylum-uk-legal-position  illegal entry or stay in a member state  where the asylum seeker has irregularly crossed the border into a member state , that member state will be responsible for examining the asylum application . 
  this responsibility ceases 12 months after the date on which the border has been illegally crossed . 
   when the asylum seeker has been living for a continuous period of at least five months in a member state before lodging his/her asylum application , that member state becomes responsible for examining the application . 
  where the applicant has been living for a period of time of at least five months in several member states , the member state where he/she lived most recently shall be responsible for examining the application . 
  from : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=uriserv:l33153&amp;from=en so technically france is responsible for processing them all . 
  i ca n't find the exact document i wanted to reference but as far as i remember it 's called a `` transit rule '' in the context of refugees where a country can return declined refugee to another country that refugee travelled through , before reaching the destination . 
  additionally , those living in calais jungle for over 12 months no longer have rights to claim asylum or refugee status . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  they are returned via official channels . 
  the only thing that france would be able to do in that instance is to release them and let them try again . 
  france would not be able to legally dump them back to the uk . 
  it 's a reciprocal agreement which works in uk 's favour due to geography ( we do n't get many refugees arriving directly in the uk ) . 
  but under geneva convention if they come to the uk and are not granted asylum or refugee status we can legally ship them back to france , the country they came from . 
  a deal of some sort ~ ~ will ~ ~ would be negotiated nonetheless . 
  it 's pretty obvious it would n't be as good as while being within the union but i 'd be even happy to pay what we pay now to have just access to the single market , but not be a part of this undemocratic clusterfuck . 
  now i 'm not sure if arabic or english ? 
  while there 's 1000 + bureaucrats in the eu that earn more than the prime minister in the uk ( # 140,000 ) . 
  for comparison , the 600 + british mps make # 66,000 per year if i remember correctly . 
  uk does n't get a say , we just get opt-outs . 
  this is how things work in the eu . 
  no one but germany and france get a say , and if they somehow do , they are bullied and threatened with cuts of eu funding . 
  union of equals !, 
  in addition , there are currently 1834 active mosques in britain - [ source ] ( http://www.muslimsinbritain.org/resources/masjid_report.pdf ), 
  is that possible though . 
  we used to have somewhat imprtial bbc but since blair and the iraq war , that 's gone . 
  now if something does n't fit into general government narrative it 's just not reported on . 
  so a bit off-topic but on the right hand side of the picture in the article , in the blue hoodie , there is someone who appears to have boobs and a beard . 
  uk - none :(, 
  sorry , i do n't understand . 
  are you saying that right-wing = wrong , left wing = right ? 
  last year i took my girlfriend and our 2 , then 18 months old boys , on a road trip around europe . 
  we travelled through calais and travelling from the uk was pretty normal . 
  on our way back , we were stuck in a slowly moving queue , on the motorway leading to eurotunnel terminal . 
  there was about 200 or more people on the road , our car was surrounded a couple of times , with people peeking inside and knocking on the windows . 
  door handles were pulled multiple times , but luckily there was no damage to the car as it was a rental and excess is a bitch . 
  this year we 're going on a road trip around the uk and when asked i recommend taking a ferry from netherlands and not travel through calais . 
  also , greece is no longer my favourite holiday destination . 
  other than that , i am not really affected by the migrant crisis . 
  uk is taking tiny amount of migrants directly from refugee camps and those in europe have n't made it here yet . 
  `` do '' and `` responsible '' ? 
  2 people being fucked right now . 
  those people are being ` ruchani ' . 
  they dont need to fuck each other . 
  also it only applies to males being fucked . 
  females , it would be ` ruchane ', 
  i find merkel 's bullying disturbing .
