  it feels great but also highlights how unbalanced the eu is . 
  the uk is a net contributor and has opt-outs , but if we did n't we would probably be bullied by merkel in the same way ee countries are . 
  so while , i 'm personally not affected , i find it really disturbing . 
  looking good . 
  what 's the advertised speed ? 
  more than 3 billion people live in poverty around the world . 
  do you want to take them all ? 
  that was absolutely not my intention . 
  yeah , i even quoted the relevant part . 
  ... apart from geographic location . 
   the united nations statistics division developed a selection of geographical regions and groupings of countries and areas , which are or may be used in compilation of statistics . 
  in this collection , the following ten countries were classified as eastern europe : [ 10 ] [ 13 ] belarus , bulgaria , czech republic , hungary , moldova , poland , romania , russia , slovakia , and ukraine . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe i 'm not saying this with any animosity by the way . 
  your original comment reads like if you were saying that poland is n't an eastern european country but has those concrete blocks as well . 
  i think in this context you could say poland is in eastern europe . 
  ukip + tories + dup got over 50 % combined ( not much , but over ) . 
  lib-dems ( who i think you meant to mention instead of greens twice ) are closer to tories than to labour policy wise . 
  they used to be in roughly in the centre between the two parties ( this is how they even advertised themselves ) but since labour has now moved to the left , lib-dem vote share should n't be included . 
  that 's almost 8 % . 
   it \u00b4 s known that higher turnout gives the left more votes . 
  is it ? 
  i would n't be surprised if it was the other way . 
  look , apart from scotland , most of the uk voted to the right , whichever way you look at it . 
  we did it despite having a tory/lib-dem coalition in the previous term . 
  is the voting system broken ? 
  yes , absolutely !, 
  but that still does n't change the fact that over 50 % of those who voted , voted against left wing parties . 
  those who did n't bother to vote have no right to complain . 
  most of the people i know who support ( ed ) labour , did n't vote for labour this time ( miliband ) , and would n't vote for them now , if the election was tomorrow ( corbyn ) . 
  they say that labour would have been great if david miliband won the leadership contest instead of his brother . 
  they also liked blair as a pm . 
  england is mostly tory , apart from big population centres with diverse cultural composition . 
   ... socialist policy ideas that have support from a majority of the population . 
  majority of the population voted for right wing party in the last election . 
  corbyn has managed to divide his own party with his policies and ideology . 
  just look at the election results ( map in particular ) : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election/2015/results, 
  until a few of them get radicalised by one of the many local radical preachers . 
  i agree with the points you make , but do you not think it 's partially our making that we 're not closer to europe ? 
  we keep electing ukip to the european parliament who will never has and never will respect the idea of the eu . 
  i keep wondering , what if we tried to create a counter-block to franco-german influence in the eu ? 
  what if we used politics to try to get other eu members on our side and vote for policies that we do want ? 
  i believe that if we had efficient politicians in the european parliament , things would be different . 
  there are plenty of other members in the eu who share our views on certain issues , but ukip will never collaborate with them to achieve anything . 
  hey , you ca n't discriminate against losers i guess . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong on technical matters , because you 're not . 
  the tone you use to communicate leaves a bad taste though . 
   ... what do you do ? 
  is this necessary ? 
  i really do n't feel the need to share what i do on a public forum . 
  there really is a thousands of ways of achieving the same result . 
  you can get a single aws server and set up something like odoo or similar and develop integration with your existing system , since the system is already generating this content for print . 
  you can attach those documents as pdf 's and do a mass mail-out . 
  this is how i would do it - integrate it with existing systems , meaning that the only thing you need really is a single server to do the actual mail-out . 
  also bulk emails are not mission critical so i really do n't see the need for a load balancer and multiple servers . 
  you dismissed my idea without even given it any thought . 
  wow man . 
  you must be lovely to work with , with that ego . 
  it 's like 1 medium server running on amazon aws or windows azure . 
  with full support it 's like # 3,000 per year . 
  to be fair i bet if hmrc wanted , gds would sort it out . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/government-digital-service check out their blog at : https://gds.blog.gov.uk/, 
  assuming 1p per colour page and assuming 35mln letters sent it adds up to # 350k . 
  not a lot in a greater scheme of things and given that there will be edge cases of people not having email address , quite reasonable . 
  quite a chunk of cash to be saved if they went full paperless though . 
  warsaw and krakow are also more expensive than the rest of poland . 
  syrian opposition forces ? 
  do you mean `` moderate rebels '' or `` freedom fighters '' ? 
  has russia ever said that ? 
  i thought their official stance is that they attack all enemies of the assad regime . 
  ultimately there was absolutely no need to shoot down a russian jet . 
  turkey was not threatened in any way . 
  well yeah , but most of those changes were accompanied by loss of life . 
  not something we should be striving for . 
  is it wrong to ask for the influx of migrants to be slowed down and brought under control ? 
  and here it is . 
  every single conversation where natives mention being tired of having to adapt to immigrants ends with them being call a racist piece of shit . 
  can we not preserve our european cultural identity without being called racist ? 
  in the uk some schools no longer serve pork because muslim kids ca n't eat it . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i also do n't have a solution unfortunately , but leaving them be does n't sound great either . 
  the scenario you described in regards to radicalisation in prison is something i am aware of as well and it does n't make me feel any better . 
  no , we could also wait until they do , and arrest them afterwards . 
  well , if there 's anything left of them that is , since they blew themselves up along with hundreds of others . 
  definitely . 
  the point i am trying to make that each crime that does n't use automatic weapons or explosives with suicidal perpetrators , give the victim at least a slight chance of protecting themselves . 
  victims of bombings do n't get that benefit . 
  also , take a look at this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqjshxuf9za&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  i like the smiley face just after `` stab you to death '' . 
  nice touch  besides i think that terrorist attack that kills hundreds of people is somewhat different than stabbing ( 1 victim ? ), 
  unemployed people committing crimes usually do n't blow themselves up in the most populated area they can get into . 
  radicalised muslims happen to do exactly that . 
  thanks for that link . 
  i 'll check it out after work , but it looks interesting . 
  the point being that there are no half measures . 
  we either federalise completely or we do n't . 
  the half ass union ( as it is now ) just is n't working . 
  a block of certain countries does what they think is best for them ( including the uk ) without paying much attention to the fact that it 's not something that for example eastern european countries want . 
  edit : not my downvote . 
  not my downvote by the way ( so have an upvote ) . 
  personally i would n't be opposed to a federal europe , but i am worried about the transition period .
