  apparently it was n't , but i have seen a crowdfunding campaign that has raised # 11,000 as of few hours ago . 
  no link though , sorry . 
  even farage has been saying for years that he does n't want to punish anyone who moved and settled here . 
  he wants to change the system going forward . 
  that has always been the case . 
  because we wanted to leave . 
  is it really that hard to understand ? 
  it 's not a surprise but the leave campaigners are insisting that they do n't want to use eu citizens as bargaining chips , while the government ( supporting remain ) does . 
  at last , the american population is safe . 
  uk is not coming back . 
  not a chance . 
  guys , we 're not on the fucking map . 
  we really did leave europe . 
  the rebate and opt-outs are not doing either party any favours . 
  brits get skewed perception about what the deal really is , and it 's not fair towards other states . 
  i guess that 's what you get if the project must move ahead at all costs . 
  obstacles are either bribed or threatened . 
  amazing !, 
  thank you . 
  was there a debate/discussion about this in the eu parliament ? 
  could someone point me in the right direction ? 
  i 'm struggling to find it . 
  the article is from 2015 , so it 's a non-story . 
  the announcement is going to be made after the referendum . 
  if by agreeing you mean , `` we wo n't veto it if we get an opt out '' , then yes . 
  this is a point that many people are trying to make , but end up being called racists . 
  it 's an absolute disgrace . 
  it 's definitely interesting . 
  there are decent arguments for and against leaving the eu though but it 's politics so both sides are using cheap tactics to herd the population to vote the way they want , without having to go into trouble explaining how the eu really works . 
  because in reality , eu is n't as great or as bad as either side presents it to be , but if it 's was n't hyped up , it could end up not being bad enough to vote leave or good enough to be worth staying in . 
  what 's interesting as well is that remain side has foolishly chosen to try to scare the public . 
  i 've got to say that the leave side is always that bit nicer to listen too . 
  regardless of the outcome , i 'm fucking thrilled . 
  i love democracy . 
  i 'd say that it 's probably higher than you think . 
  for no other reason than they voted for someone in the last election and that someone either won , or lost to someone the voter did n't want to win ( since we have pretty much a two party system ) . 
  it 's not fair to anyone . 
  it 's a fucked up system . 
  all i meant is to highlight that while it 's an insane amount of money for certain states , it 's actually a reasonably priced way to not to have to take any . 
  because you know ... union of equals . 
  it 's not an insane amount of money . 
  it 's roughly a cost of funding one single refugee for 10 years in many western european countries . 
  for the uk it 's probably cheaper than actually taking the refugee in , especially if you take into account likely family reunification of refugees . 
  do you see where i am going with this ? 
  rich countries pay their way out , poor countries are forced to take the refugees . 
  i bet if britain leaves , single market for financial services will follow soon after . 
  germany has wanted frankfurt to take london 's role for some time now . 
  pretty much , but to be fair , if it was n't for tony blair 's iraq fuckup . 
  i 'd consider voting for him , and i see myself as a conservative voter . 
  i do n't think i could every vote for hillary clinton . 
  he is and even though i do believe that he is the lesser evil of the two , you ca n't say with a straight face that he is an ideal candidate for the president . 
   if the 2017 elections are a sarkozy vs hollande fight , this will be the most disappointing election cycle i 've ever heard of :( i think our brothers and sisters from the us may be experiencing that feeling this year . 
  i 'll do without multicultural society and settle on balanced justice system alone , thanks . 
  seems fixed in the original link now . 
  there 's no good ultras . 
  ultras = hooligans . 
  the people who organise chants and trips to away games are just fans . 
  hang on . 
  are you saying that everyone knew that spain would veto any deal that does n't turn over gibraltar 's sovereignty to spain ? 
  because it 's the first time i 'm hearing about it but it 's actually a good way to unite the uk in those difficult times . 
  handing over the rock is not going to happen , and if spain keeps talking about it there will be majority support for hard brexit before the negotiations even finish . 
  really ? 
  he seems to be going ahead with all the ridiculous shit promised during the campaign . 
  he also seems pretty consistent and transparent with his thoughts . 
  during the press conference with may , he was asked about his stance on torture . 
  any other politician would at this point try to somehow rescue the situation . 
  the guy just stands there and says : `` well , i happen to believe it works '' . 
  i completely agree with you , but i was replying to a very simplistic statement that he is dumb as sack of shit , which he obviously is n't . 
  controversial , outrageous , inappropriate , cocky , narcissist , or whatever yes , but dumb and easily manipulated , i 'm not so sure . 
  he comes across as that but i just struggle to believe that someone dumb as a sack of shit and easily manipulated would have been able to become as rich as he is . 
  there 's also the part where he conned both parties out of presidency . 
  say what you want , and controversial he may be , but i think he sure is smarter than i am , since i am worrying about how to provide for my family and he probably does n't have to . 
  the_donald is a hyped up , troll sub . 
  if you want to really know what the_donald users are thinking , go to / r/askthe _ donald . 
  the same what ? 
  i 'm struggling to find parallels here . 
  do you mean the initial capital when incorporating ? 
  you can get away with # 1 in the uk . 
  i now drive a lease so no longer hire that often but when i did , i had annual policy for # 37.5 per year and it included roadside assistance across europe . 
  it 's a no brainer really given car rental companies want to charge that for a day or two of damage waiver . 
  unless you can insure excess as is possible in the uk . 
  http://www.insurance4carhire.com/daily-car-hire-excess-insurance i 've been using that for ages and had one claim . 
  the car rental company took money from my account and the insurance company refunded it to me within 5 days . 
  much cheaper than full damage waiver from the car rental thieves . 
  msf is n't activism . 
  they provide a charitable service . 
  groups like antifa do n't . 
  problem with soros is n't about him funding genuine charities . 
  he funds political movements and professional protesters , who turn up less than a day after news broke about something and are given professionally printed placards and signs . 
  soros is sleazy as fuck and funds a lot of activism . 
  him being jewish or jewish descendant has nothing to do with it . 
  it 's not an ideal comparison because america is a common law jurisdiction . 
  they both are doing ok . 
  the problem , unfortunately , is that if you look at turkey and erdogan 's track record before 2012 , you could also say he was a good leader . 
  the holy union of equals . 
   wait , we are / r/europe not / r/eucult lol . 
  maybe if you went 6-12 months back that would be true . 
  not anymore . 
  and the eu can do no wrong . 
  thanks .
