  i am sceptical that whoever would end up being elected into any meaningful role , would treat all parts of europe equally . 
  this includes the uk ( how concerned would they be about what 's happening in romania or greece for example ) . 
  maybe it 's because federalisation on this scale has n't happened anywhere during our lifetimes and i just do n't understand how it would work . 
  equally , this is also part of the problem . 
  we are constantly being asked to give more powers to europe but there is no clear and transparent plan as to where this is going and what steps we need to take to get there . 
  it 's kind of half in half out at the moment , which is not something i like . 
  it 's not goint to work . 
  there 's no sense of unity in the eu . 
  individual countries would n't be happy to send troops to die in wars on order from the eu . 
  let 's just use a stupid example of falkland islands . 
  if they were attacked by argentina , do you think that population of poland , austria , denmark , germany , etc. 
  be happy to send their youths to fight ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  in america it 's a little bit different . 
  there is a sense of shared national identity which is not something we here in europe have . 
  i do n't really have an opinion myself . 
  just throwing some arguments out there . 
  no thanks, 
  i would n't rule it out . 
  fair enough . 
  one thing you ca n't say about putin is that he is spineless . 
  something that has become prevalent across europe . 
  this i ca n't disagree with . 
  i really do n't understand how this became a thing . 
  it 's no secret that ukip hates the eu , and i ca n't think of a reason why they would have been voted in as meps ? 
  maybe ( i do n't know ) , this just reflects the sentiment towards the eu from general population . 
  it 's 85 % vs 40 % . 
  quite a difference i would say . 
  the problem is that what uk wants is n't aligned with the rest of europe . 
  see here : http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/minority-positions-all-areas.png so we either end up with a legislation that we do n't want or have to fight for an opt-out . 
  unless the solution is for the uk to give in and roll with whatever germany and france propose . 
  but no click ? 
  not putting us down at all . 
  it 's no secret that we are very keen to go dick-waving when we know uncle sam is on his way to help . 
  i believe we would do the right thing and defend any of our allies but i 'm not so sure if it would be the same if you guys were n't backing us . 
  having said that i think we do pull our weight in nato just fine ( at least relatively speaking ) . 
  eu needs reforms or it will fall apart within the next 10 years . 
  i think nordic countries would have your back as well as they would most likely be next if anything bad was happening in the region . 
  there 's also v4 which culturally is very similar . 
  usa would also send its pet ( us ) to help you before they can get here themselves . 
  you 'd be ok . 
  from the military point of view it does n't really matter that much because as a nato member , poland would already have soldiers from all other members stationed within its borders , if there was even the smallest possibility of that being needed . 
  having said that , i think uk would respond quicker and be more keen to offer help , than germany . 
  germans seem to be slow to react as they 're overthinking everything . 
  i think they are still counting . 
  cnn projection actually puts trump in the lead in the popular vote as well . 
  but i guess we will know soon . 
  luxembourg 's corporate tax is at 29 % which is higher than in most of the eu countries . 
  the difference is that luxembourg 's tax regulations contain tons of loopholes and exceptions where certain activities and money transfers are effectively exempt from tax . 
  just google : `` why is luxembourg a tax haven '' . 
  because i believe that if apple pays , it will be deductible from their tax obligations in the us , effectively reducing us tax revenue by that amount . 
   one such deal was the subject of a lengthy investigation by the wall street journal europe , which discovered that in 2003 jenkins 's team had set up a company called augustus funding , co-owned by barclays and the us bank wachovia corporation . 
  augustus had no employees , no products and no customers , just a mailing address in delaware and a british board of directors , mostly barclays employees . 
  in its first year , augustus reported a profit of $ 317m , almost # 200m at the prevailing exchange rate . 
  the newspaper reported that when augustus paid $ 94m in tax in britain for its uk residency , barclays and wachovia could then claim a credit for the payment in the us . 
  from : https://www.theguardian.com/business/2009/mar/19/roger-allan-jenkins not related to apple but similar tactic . 
  what is russia 's gain ? 
  interesting viewpoint . 
  i too voted leave but for other reasons than migration so at the end of the day i 'd even be happy with eea and free movement . 
   i would think keeping eu migration and having to abide by eu rules would mean staying in the eu by the backdoor . 
  is it because of free movement of labour ? 
  would you be satisfied with eea agreement if we got an opt-out from free movement ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i 've been looking around and i 'm not seeing that to be honest . 
  income tax , etc. 
  although i 'm probably a little off . 
  i think your friends may be exaggerating a bit . 
  3-4k euro per month is around 100k per year which is not a junior ( experience ) salary , regardless of education . 
  i 'm 100 % confident that britain would stand behind poland in the event of conflict . 
  that 's the spirit of unity that i like to see . 
  here 's some information about 0-hour contracts in the uk : https://fullfact.org/economy/facts-about-zero-hour-contracts/ i would say the system is flawed still but i do n't believe it 's broken beyond repair . 
  it 's a tool and i would welcome more regulation but be opposed to outright banning it . 
  the interesting bit from the link above :  what else do we know about zero hour contracts and those on them ? 
   - people on zero hour contracts tend to be either relatively young or old . 
  many are students : 17 % of people employed on zero hour contracts in october-december 2014 were in full-time education . 
   - zero hour contracts provided about 25 hours work a week , compared with the 37 hours average for all people in employment in october-december 2014 . 
   34 % of workers on zero hour contracts in october-december 2014 considered themselves to be full-time . 
   - 34 % of workers on zero hour contracts wanted more hours in october-december 2014 , compared with 13 % of other workers . 
   - working hours are flexible . 
  38 % of people on zero hour contracts worked their usual hours in the week before the lfs interview , compared to 56 % of other workers in october-december 2014 . 
   - interestingly , while 14 % of people on zero hour contracts did n't work in the week before their lfs interview , neither did 10 % of people who were n't on zero hour contracts . 
   - about 23 % of people on zero hour contracts worked in ` accommodation and food ' in october-december 2014 . 
  another 22 % worked in ` health and social work ' . 
  comparatively few worked in ` information , finance and professional ' . 
  my wife is on zero hour contract since our kids were born . 
  she basically emails her manager 2 weeks in advance the days she can work and her manager puts her on the rota on those days . 
  and while she has been asked if she could come to work on other days , not once she has done so and it was absolutely fine . 
  inevitably , there will be people who will find that 0-hour contract is not what they thought it was , or that the employer is simply a dick about it . 
  but the concept is n't to blame here , people ( both sides ) are , as contract is only valid when consented to by both parties . 
  students and young parents like them for flexibility . 
  source ? 
  how can markets expect full participation in the single market if both the chancellor and the prime minister said this is not going to be the case ? 
  possibly . 
  i 've just looked again and unless i 'm understanding the graphs wrong , at the moment , france is importing energy from the uk , meaning that the demand for france is domestic . 
  that is quite a difference there . 
  do you think air-con is used widely enough to generate 30 % more demand on the national grid ? 
  i think that for france , exports are included in demand ( you can see detailed gauges showing exports to each country ) . 
  but even so , i think the demand is still more . 
  interesting indeed . 
  you can see the exact percentage here : http://www.gridwatch.templar.co.uk/france/,
