you can , it 's just bloody difficult . 
  a power vaccuum and a hungry hungry russia is good for eastern europe , doncha know !, 
  in one of the more recent mep elections here in finland , when one of the chosen meps was asked whether she was more right or left wing , the answer was : `` well , i have n't really looked into that kind of stuff , but as they say the golden middleway [ shitty translation of a finnish idiom ] is the best ! '', 
  yes , we elected a person who does n't have the faintest idea of what left and right in politics means to represent us in the eu . 
  would n't it be usse instead ? 
  or are you saying europe would be under russian control ? 
  this is not the reference you 're looking for . 
  russia 's economy is in shambles . 
  putin pulls out of ukraine - risks losing his position of power due to acting so far against his earlier claims . 
  putin stays in ukraine - the country has a chance of falling apart due to the sanctions . 
  yeah but the cost of maintaining them is higher and efficiency lower than elsewhere . 
  once when i was driving somewhere with my grandma and we drove past a wind-farm she asked me if they used electricity to turn the mills . 
  turns out italians really want to be energy engineers in germany ? 
  i think they 're referring to climate change , we need to switch over to non-polluting methods of energy production at a fairly rapid pace . 
  the problem up north is the maintaining part of it . 
  these are huge machines that stand there directly in the middle of elements , how well do they take the cold ? 
  [ if anyone is looking for som ** e ** light reading for the evenings , here 's the complete text in english ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2014/september/tradoc_152806.pdf ), 
  it 's also probably got some expensive thick paper . 
  but 4chan tells me that the whole country has devolved into what can only be described a non-space version of the eternal war from warhammer 40k !, 
  it has nothing to do with whether or not you moved legally , it has to do with the motives behind your migration . 
   dumbass i see what you did there . 
  estonia is the real mvp . 
  you can store a large book in a megabyte , actually . 
  a normal epub file of an average length book with no images other than the cover is only half a megabyte . 
  simply : `` 6-1 '', 
  are you saying you leave the basement too rarely to see ? 
  you should call putin and ask for a better contract . 
  why do those people have four separate sets of garden furniture ? 
  either you die as a denmark or live long enough to see yourself become sweden . 
  ouch . 
  their economy otherwise is pretty fucked though . 
  also there are surprisingly few actual terrorists in the ranks of anarchists and communists . 
  a terrorist is someone who wants to strike terror into the main populace , most anarchist and communist actions , regardless of whether they 're violent or not , are n't that . 
  passi sounds like pussy , kinda . 
  so one way to read it is `` pussy pass '' . 
  i mean there are people who think that the banking elite is a jewish conspiracy and that communists , people who directly want to take down the banking elite , are also a jewish conspiracy by the same people . 
  i think it 's niko teslanen . 
  there 's a couple episodes on youtube i think, 
  the gift giving white-bearded old man was originally a kind of tonttu ( i guess tontte in swedish ? ), 
  to replace the old nuuttipukki in finland . 
  this was because i think it was russians wanted to suppress finnish culture , so the whole stuff with nuuttipukki was illegal for a time ( involved people dressing up in horns and scary costumes and making scary noises and such before leaving gifts ) . 
  when that tonttu was grown in size it became santa . 
  also rovaniemi is not in scandinavia . 
  although there is a huge amount of brits that visit here , nowadays the majority of the visitors ( at least from my perspective ) seems to be from asia . 
  this is especially due to there recently being some deal with a chinese travel agency meaning that we 'll get a huge amount of chinese tourists this year . 
  calling santa claus village an amusement park is a stretch . 
  it 's a themed sort of winter experience with a bunch of shops . 
  most of it 's free , or at least the best parts of it are free ( like going to see santa claus , they have this walk there which is really quite neat ) . 
  santa park is the nearby theme park , plus there are a couple that brits have built further from the city . 
  there 's [ a couple ] ( http://www.asterix-obelix.nl/manylanguages/detail/so-30-s.jpg ) that have been translated to the savonian dialect of finnish as well !, 
  but all other countries inferior potassium . 
  i thought you said the eu was a globalist plot ? 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
   luxembourgeois the irony of this name is too much . 
  and everyone is of the opinion that if little ol' russia was n't there next to us then we should n't have the whole system . 
  hell , large groups are against the system even with russia next to us . 
  and it does definitely fuck with your life . 
  and we would have gotten away with it too if it were n't for you meddling dutch !, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  cheddar is british though, 
  let 's try to keep it that way , shall we ? 
  plus it would act as a deterrent toward russians now that nato is losing steam due to a certain orange gentleman . 
  so are we not letting iceland in on this nordic union then ? 
  i mean they 're a little out of the way , but they look so cute on their little island ... 
  sometimes but not too often due to restrictions in bringing alcohol over and the fact that you need a visa to get there . 
  not murder , accidental killing . 
  a murder sentence is longer ( iirc 7 years ) . 
  they 're more functional outside than they would be rotting in prison . 
  look up re-offending rates . 
  it seems to be working . 
  the point of the system is not to punish people , it 's to make sure as little crime happens as possible . 
  punishment is a part of that , but only a minor part as the severity of punishment has little effect on the likelihood of a crime ( as compared to , say , the likelihood of being caught ) . 
  it has generally been judged here that 2 years is enough time for reform , for an unintentional killing . 
  i 'm not sure it is , however , due to ideological ties in the case . 
  please note that i 'm not on the nazi 's side . 
  i hate nazis . 
  one political voted . 
  the pre-emptive effect from the severity of punishment is tiny , however . 
  the likelihood of being caught and the likelihood of being punished at all are much bigger factors for those planning a potential crime , or ones that may do so suddenly . 
  in the end , of course , the biggest factor is trying to create a culture and society where crime for benefit is unnecessary , and crime for greed or passion is not seen as an option . 
  to be honest i have n't read a huge amount of history from the era , this is what i 've heard from sources that at the time seemed reputable , and i might have misunderstood them as well . 
  since you 've studied the subject i 'd trust you know much more than me , so please expand on it . 
  i said this below somewhere , but the short version : if we satisfy the need for revenge , in most cases the amount of crimes that we can prevent drops . 
  for example , in worse punishment conditions , or higher payments for the perpetrator , etc. 
  the other question to ask is why do we need to satisfy a need for revenge at all ? 
  is it the function of a state to play to the whims of each individual at the expense of other things that might need the time and money ? 
  and , in the end , more punishment is always going against the rights of the perpetrator , and we need to ask how far the human rights of the perpetrator extend , and if they do n't extend , can they be called human rights at all . 
  they are equally important , but how do you measure them equally ? 
  what is this magical point at which we have the maximum satisfaction for revenge and the minimum amount of crimes that we want ? 
  and again , why is satisfying a need for revenge supposed to be important in the slightest ? 
   what 's most important is that society functions achieved by a focus on making sure that the perpetrator is as unlikely as possible to cause such harm to people or their rights in the future . 
   people can place confidence in a system of laws that respects their rights . 
  the perpetrators have rights too , you know . 
   that way victims can know that they will be vindicated and perpetrators will know that they face punishment for foul play . 
  so satisfying the need for revenge of the individuals that have had their rights breached ? 
  what you 're essentially saying is that both are important . 
  let me explain this further : we can not have primary focus on trying to stop crimes for happening while satisfying the need for revenge . 
  this is because the things that satisfy people 's need for revenge cause more crimes to happen . 
  as such i ask you to make a judgement , which is more important : to stop more crimes from happening or to satisfy a need for revenge ? 
  i do n't need to , there has already been written hundreds of thesis on these ideas , and this is the course that austria follows with their justice system mostly , from what i 've seen .
