  i 'm not trying to bring something revolutionary to the table here , you know . 
  the basis of law , as generally put out in the constitution , is emotional , yes . 
  but beyond that we need to use logic as much as possible . 
  you failed to answer my question , so i 'll ask again : which is more important , satisfying a single person 's need for revenge which has no logical basis , or making sure that the perpetrator is as unlikely as possible to cause such harm to people in the future ? 
  no , no they 're not . 
  look up what a psychotic episode or a psychopath actually is . 
  you 're speaking emotionally , not logically . 
  punishment has little to no effect on the likelihood of someone trying to commit a crime in the first place . 
  it raises the amount of people likely to re-offend , however . 
  what is more important ? 
  to make sure that your illogical need of revenge is satisfied , or that the person does not commit such a crime again and that such crimes are committed less in the future ? 
  judging by the re-offending rate , that seems to work out great for you guys ... 
  the dark ages is n't exactly an inaccurate name , the period was just much shorter than what people generally think . 
  it ended somewhat quickly and was followed by a fair amount of technological innovation , especially in construction of such things as mills . 
  the problem is that the goat part of that article talks about scandinavian mythology . 
  thor was not a finnish god , ukko was the closest to him but not really close enough to be called an equivalent , and goats in general have never really been a big deal anywhere but the most western reaches of the country where people still speak swedish as their first language . 
  if you 're the map maker , a goat never brought gifts in finland either . 
  the goat bit of the name now refers to the horns that the old creature , nuuttipukki , used to have . 
  the current gift giver is not `` portrayed '' by an old man , the old man is seen as the gift giver , or in other words it 's the coke santa claus that does it . 
  i love this one because there 's so much going on in it . 
  the small but spunky sub of r/suomi is ready for russian agression, 
  actually never seen that one , but from a google search it looks interesting . 
  i 'll throw it on my watchlist . 
  [ probably this one ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/meanwhile-in-finland_o_146294.jpg ), 
  oulu is shit towwn, 
  the best thing about this is that while on the other maps a lot of the translations are deliberately mis-translated for the humor , a lot of these names means pretty much exactly what the translations say in finnish too . 
  also to specify , vaara means a specific kind of forested , fairly high hill . 
  if it 's a smaller hill , whether forested or clear , it 's generally called a m\u00e4ki , or if it 's the size of a vaara or larger but the top of it has no forest , it 's called a tunturi which is a like a mid-point in terms of size between vaara ( large forested hill ) and vuori ( mountain ) . 
  incidentally , no place in finland when using finnish is called a mountain , all of them are tunturi . 
  the nearest geographical formations that could be called mountain in finnish are over on the norwegian side of the border . 
  another joke !, 
  a swede , a finn and a norwegian fella walk into a bar . 
  because life is meaningless darkness and an alcohol was a means of momentary escape to them . 
  done fixed it, 
  well i mean state borders have been pretty fluid in european history . 
  i would be interested in seeing a map similar to this but with the main consideration of cultural unity for each state with the population only coming in second . 
  nah this map is after the year 2030 , when the finnish invasion of the baltics and scandinavia has already succeeded and the whole area is finland , so ... wait hang on ignore that we 're not planning anything . 
  look at the subtitle , they 're not fish just milk chocolate shaped like fish . 
  wait , you do n't feel a sense of kinship to people who are from the same nation as you ? 
  i always have and always will feel more comfortable with someone just because of the fact that they are from the same nation , or rather culture as i am . 
  now , this is just a guess so correct me if i 'm wrong : you 're from a city , right ? 
  born and raised in a fairly big city ? 
  because from what i 've seen ( although anecodtal evidence and all that ) people who were raised in urban centres seem to have less nationalistic feeling for some reason , for better or for worse . 
  since the fall of the roman empire , do you remember how long huge empires that control much of europe have lasted ? 
  a federation would be more stable , yes , but a lot of groups are staunchly for independence that they feel they do not have if they were a part of a federation . 
  forming one is nigh impossible , keeping it together for the first 100 years would be extremely hard . 
  if it did exist for that long , then it would normalize to some extent i 'd suspect and there would be less calls for a breakup . 
  ah good catch !, 
  sorry , i did scan that over but i thought it used the same data . 
  anywho , that seems to support the point i was making , fewer people consider the eastern bloc - era a bad thing than a lot of people in the west seem to think . 
  yeah , that has a lot to do with it . 
  the way the transition was done was absolutely awful . 
  people died of starvation , stuff stopped working , and in russia we had the rise of the modern oligarchy due to how state property was sold out . 
  i have no doubt that if the transition was done in a different manner these opinions might differ a fair bit . 
  pewglobal is an internationally trusted , non-partisan research organization . 
  considered to be about as unbiased as you can get ( although obviously no organization or person is fully unbiased ) , and they 're us based so if they did have a bias it would likely be against any socialist movements considering the general political attitude in the us towards anything that even hints of being leftist . 
  you can have a look at the methodology of the study yourself , if you wish , it 's all there on the site to look at . 
  i do n't doubt that there are lithuanians who did n't like communism , in fact in 2009 50 % of the population approved of the change to market economy as stated in that research . 
  that 's about one half , during 2009 , and as someone stated in another thread here , 2009 was economically a bad time , a lot of angry people , so the ratio is likely different now . 
  added to that families generally have similar stances , and people who think similarly tend to be friends , so it makes sense that there are a lot of social groups where the opposing opinion is simply not present . 
  i 'm not trying to claim here that lithuanians unanimously want socialism back , i 'm pointing out that there is a large number of people in the west that seem to think that former east bloc countries hate socialism unanimously . 
  there is a considerable amount of people who do n't , especially in western russia ( obvious considering the economic relations between eastern bloc countries back in the day ) . 
  see the second table on the right . 
  approval rating of the change to market economy , 50 % approval rating . 
  i grant that some might have answered `` i do n't know '' if that was an option . 
  nonetheless the number is much smaller than one might expect . 
  later on there is also the question `` were people off better under communism '' , where 48 % say no , and 48 % say about the same or better . 
  yes , that was from 2009 , i did n't cherry pick the source because that was the only source i could quickly find with a google search . 
  i ca n't seem to find any further studies done after that time , and although the opinions have almost certainly changed , the change still can not have been too dramatic - after all , it took almost two decades for approval rating of the change to drop from around 75 to 50 percent , and it 's been less than a decade after this particular study . 
  regardless , my implied point stands ; communism is n't anywhere near universally hated in the ex-socialist states , like many westerners seem to think . 
  the non-ussr ex-socialist states obviously tend to not have as a high view of it , due to the economic relations between the eastern bloc countries , but nonetheless higher than westerners seem to think . 
  also :  spinning the narrative  ussr is actally knocking on the eastern border i have no love for modern russia but they 're not the ussr . 
  in lithuania a lot of people are looking back on communism positively . 
  in 2009 , 50 % of the population thought that a change to capitalism was a bad move . 
  do you know the difference between an alliance and a non-agression pact ? 
   the labour and peasant classes situation did n't change that much ( or even changed for worse ) until death of stalin . 
  oooh boy . 
  how wrong can someone be . 
  germany and ussr had a non-agression pact . 
  that is not an alliance . 
  the us in no way defends finland ? 
  the only time they ever got even close to doing that was the relief packages they sent to civilians during winter war . 
  finland is not a part of nato , and right now it does n't seem likely that it will happen in the future either . 
  finland was a neutral country during the cold war , not affiliated with either russia or the us directly . 
  everything has always been a political statement . 
  considering that finland had close relations with germany and leaders who wanted to create an empire , no . 
  not at all . 
  what u/itomes is saying that people with certain disabilities are far more likely to transmit genetic disabilities than people who are of a blood relation , in fact , to my understanding , first generation children of an incestuous relationship do n't have any larger than normal likelihood for developing those kinds of problems than someone from a non-incestuous relationship , instead only having an amplified likelihood of that happening to their children , a likelihood that is unlikely to be fulfilled unless this person in turn procreates in an incestuous manner . 
  because of this there is a gap in logic ; incestuous procreation is banned , but people with those aforementioned disabilities are n't banned from procreating . 
  if the reason for banning incestuous procreation is that it causes those problems , then banning those people with the disabilities should also be banned because their procreation can cause the same problems that result from an incestuous relationship . 
  username checks out, 
   we 're spoiled for choice , hardness and flavour on this one . 
  are we still doing that phrasing thing ? 
  [ i 've been waiting to use this gif forever , thank you !, 
  flag of england for added effect . 
  there was this thing called the russian revolution , and we got this thing called independence on the side when that happened . 
  afterward we had a few scuffles but since then we have actually been a democracy , if you 'd believe it . 
  guaranteed income for everyone , regardless of whether you have a job or not . 
  this is why le pen lost . 
  this is why le pen lost .
