  well , there is really only one tree fit for a thread like this . 
  ladies and gentlemen , the oldest tree in the world , the old tjikko : http://imgur.com/ka3zau2, 
  fifteen years ago we had a organisation based around a potential 300 000 men in case of a war . 
  the officers needed for that are still in the organisation . 
  the swedish defense doctrine of the cold war was based around making life a hell for the occupiers . 
  the mobilisation process was almost completly decentralized , with storage for weapons and ammunition placed all over the country . 
  during a full mobilasation , we could arm a million conscripts trained to practise guerilla warfare for the duration of the occupation . 
  it was also almost impossible to stop a started mobilisation , so it would continue even if the government would fall . 
  these guerillas would also be rather mobile . 
  every soldier was equipped with a bike , as well as rifle . 
  all the fancy vehicles in the swedish army was moslty there to slow down the sovjets so that the mobilisation could take place . 
  the ultimate goal of the swedish was to make it expensive to try to invade . 
  if it will cost you more than you gain , and even after that you have to deal with houndreds of thousends of guerilla soldier , who would even contemplate invading us ? 
  well , we tried that , and it cost just as much , however , we have at most 10 000 men in arms , while we used to have a million conscripts ready to be mobilised . 
  he loves creating new words though , not that anyone understands what they are supposed to mean . 
  as a swede , i can tell you that there is no point in even trying to learn norwegian , since we already understand each other . 
  danish is somewhat harder because of their pronunciation , but it 's still understandable . 
  they see me rolling ... 
  dude , grindtorp is pretty nice actually . 
  it 's considered one of the best looking parts of the `` million project '' , even though it was built before the project started . 
  it 's a somewhat enviroment . 
  i am well aware , but the only times where there has been civil wars in sweden was during that time and the kalmar union , so it 's not a time that is remembered fondly . 
  as a swede , i 'm triggered . 
  context : the blue , gold and white part in the middle is an older version of the swedish coat of arms . 
  made from regular cars in sweden . 
  cyprus is not in the eu-bubble , and it 's not supposed top be in the same group as india and vietnam . 
  we 're not a part of nato , so they would n't help , that 's correct . 
  and how is not the freely fighting republic of jamtland included ? 
  you would think that having an own president , flag and its own army , jra , would make you a seperatist factions , but no , apparently not . 
  all the other countries come here with their comments full of folk music , very fancy . 
  however , the swedish reddit community got this topic covered with its very own subreddit , / r/swedishfolkmusic / . 
  welcome over to get your daily dosis of squeaky violins , keyed fiddles and the true version of the bagpipe , all while marking the first and third beat . 
  if they do n't apply for asylum , they do n't count . 
  linking an additional song , https://youtu.be/mmuuleyld_m?t=1m16s, 
  similar nature , climate and culture , maybe ? 
  if you 're interested in intersting constituitons , you should really check out andorra . 
  it 's a really strange system where their head of state is the french president and the bishop of urgell . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/jahee0e/new ) is a map over chinas claims and the borders according to international law . 
  please explain to me why you do n't believe chinas claim to be illegitimate . 
  one of the importenty things to know about this debate is that when sweden translated the declaration of the human rights it was n't translated from french , instead the german translation was translated again and they got this sentence wrong . 
  `` w\u00fcrde '' is a false friend with the swedish word `` v\u00e4rde '' , meaning value , and should instead be translated to `` v\u00e4rdighet '' , dignity . 
  therefore , some rightwing-extremists argue that the sentence should be abolished altogether . 
  citing my other response  in indo-european languages the wolf was demonised , and the word itself was tabooed . 
  in sweden we took it to a whole new level , as even just saying the word `` ulv '' , the traditional swedish word for wolf , was a omen of missfortune . 
  instead , we came up with numerous euphemisms such as gr\u00e5ben ( greyleg ) , `` tusse '' ( something hairy is a very rough translation ) and `` han som i skogen g\u00e5r '' ( he who walks in the forest ) , and of course `` varg '' ( arson , ferosious person , bandit , outlaw ) which then simply stuck . 
  ulv however , is still fairly common in fairytales and ghost-stories . 
  they probably still use ulv . 
  as stated earlier in the thread , in indo-european languages the wolf was demonised , and the word itself was tabooed . 
  in sweden we took it to a whole new level , as even just saying the word `` ulv '' , the traditional swedish word for wolf , was a omen of missfortune . 
  instead , we came up with numerous euphemisms such as gr\u00e5ben ( greyleg ) , `` tusse '' ( something hairy is a very rough translation ) and `` han som i skogen g\u00e5r '' ( he who walks in the forest ) , and of course `` varg '' ( arson , ferosious person , bandit , outlaw ) which then simply stuck . 
  ulv however , is still fairly common in fairytales and ghost-stories . 
  no , it did not , as juncker became the president . 
  it is . 
  the most dense materials in existance are those whose atoms are close packed . 
  in these structures there are two types of holes , octahedral and tetrahedral holes . 
  these holes have the radii 0,414 r and 0,225 r resp . 
  where r is the radius of the atoms of the material . 
  iron atoms have the radius 1,26 \u00c5 , which gives the holes the radii of 0,52 \u00c5 and 0,28 \u00c5 resp . 
  the hydrogen molecule is around 0,3 \u00c5 thick , so with enough energy , which it has inside a highly pressurised canister , it would easily be able to force it 's way through . 
  we can use fick 's law of diffusion to calculate this leakage . 
  according to it , j = d x p / t , where j [ mol/m ^ 2s ] is the mass flux of hydrogen , d [ m2/s ] is the diffusivity coefficient , p [ mol/m3 ] is the molar density difference over the wall and t [ m ] is the wall thickness . 
  hydrogen weighs about 2 g/mol and has a density of 89g/m ^ 3 , which gives around 45 mol/m ^ 3 . 
  good steel has a diffusion constant of around 10 ^ -9 . 
  with 200 bars of pressure , 1 cm thick walls and a surface area of 1 sqm , that would gives a leakage of 0.00089 mol/s , or around 0,15 kg/day . 
  that 's a lot , and if you increase the size or the pressure of the canister , it would increase . 
  if you more knowledge than me on this topic that explains why this would be a non-issue , feel free to share . 
  i 'm a chemist myself , and there 's nothing like a good scientific discussion . 
  so what do they use to create the hydrogen . 
  maybe ... electricity and natural gas ? 
  it 's not the safety that is the issue , it 's that hydrogen is the smallest molecule in the universe and is therefore able to pass through the nanosized holes that exist between molecules in all and every material that can be created . 
  hydrogen is simply impossible to store for more a very brief time . 
  it was swedish during the middle ages , and then the danish took it . 
  the ball bearings was a major conflict with the british , who iirc thought that we exported too many of those to germany . 
  conflict with the british was n't something that risked our neutrality per se , but since sweden was stuck behind the british naval blockade , the conflict could have led to fewer swedish ships being able to leave port . 
  the swedish balancing between the two sides dyring the war is one of the most controversial things in swedish history , and it 's really intersting . 
  sounds much like how sweden managed to stay neutral as well , since the germans did n't want to disrupt the iron ore trade . 
  the deal will have to be finalised in early 2019 , so autumm 2018 is not that far off . 
  sweden actually has two coats of arms , and the 3 crowns are the center piece of the small one . 
  the large one features two lions as well as the coat of arms of the small italian town of ponte corvo . 
  there is now a 0 % interest rate on the tax account , it 's just that 0 is still more than companies get from the banks . 
  switzerland ? 
  on of the most progressive countries in the world ? 
  well then something must have happend lately , considering that they only got female suffarge in the 70s . 
  it is nowadays , but only a few decades ago , many swedish-speaking finns lived in their separate areas without meeting finnish speaking people to any large extent . 
  one example of this is the president of the swedish central bank stefan ingves , that has talked about this separation in several interviews about his childhood . 
  well , that would prove that you are a successful multi-ethnic state then . 
  23 years , one prime minister . 
  42 years , one party in power . 
  that 's how we roll . 
  i checked the site and there does n't seem to be one . 
  the explanation that i 've seen is that the social welfare systems with lengthy parental leave ( i think it 's 480 days per child ) and a good day care system reduces the amount of energy that has to be put into each child and makes it more attractive to have more of them . 
  yup , it 's among the highest in europe . 
  i also seem to remeber that the fertility rate here is higher the better your education , which is nice in a society with a highly educated population . 
  i can recommend [ this thread ] ( https://www.np.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/6rvusy/is_the_military_worship_of_the_spartans_really/ ) if you want to read more about it . 
  it is n't the biggest actually , lake v\u00e4nern in sweden is three times the volume . 
  the presentator is an american living in sweden , but the team behind him is german , and the show is shot in berlin . 
  malaria is actually not a problem anymore , as it has been declared to be extinct in europe . 
  it happend rather recently , i think a year or so ago . 
  yup , and a god in sweden . 
  the book in question is an early one , where pippi goes to the island where her father was a `` king of niggers '' .
