no and i really do n't want to do it . 
  it does happen sometimes , but not on a daily or weekly basis ( for me , it could be different for other women ) . 
  i got catcalled way more often in the us . 
  really ? 
  i would n't talk about mental illnesses during a job interview or to colleagues at work , but outside of work most people i know do n't mind casually mentioning stuff like depression or anxiety ( `` i have an appointment with my psychologist , so i wo n't be studying in the library today '' ) . 
  but i think it definitely depends on the severity of the illness/problem , because many people have some kind of experience ( either first-hand or in their circle of acquaintances ) with depression , burnout or eating disorders , but suffering from something like schizophrenia or bipolar disorder is a different matter . 
  switzerland, 
  that 's interesting !, 
  i actually noticed that most of my female swedish friends do n't shave their legs , but i was n't sure if that was typical for sweden or just typical for my friends . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'd die if i tried to read a whole book in latin . 
  the few pages i had to read for school took me long enough . 
  same , but i noticed that the german translation of russian books can be a lot better than the english one , so i usually read russian authors in german . 
  can we give away burgenland ( if there 's somebody who wants it ) and take back south tyrol ? 
  sp\u00d6 ( social democratic party ) : people that live in vienna , postmen , middle aged ( or older ) people who have always voted for the sp\u00d6 and are [ beamte ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beamter ) ( civil servants ) , blue-collar workers , students who think the green party is too politically correct \u00d6vp ( austrian people 's party , christian democratic and conservative ) : farmers , business owners , older people who regularly go to church , wealthy people fp\u00d6 ( freedom party of austria , right-wing populists ) : blue-collar workers ( who do n't like immigrants ) , young men ( who do n't go to uni ) , policemen die gr\u00fcnen ( austrian green party ) : left-wing feminists , female university students ( who study sociology or `` something with media '' ) , `` bobos '' ( bourgeois bohemians ) , artists , people who own hip coffeeshops in vienna neos ( the new austria and liberal forum ? , liberals ) : people who kind of want to vote \u00d6vp , but think of themselves as `` too cool for \u00d6vp '' and do n't have anything against gay people , students whose parents vote \u00d6vp , entrepreneurs/business owners , wealthy people , young men who study economy kp\u00d6 ( communist party ) : people who live in graz ? 
  it 's illegal and i have a friend that got fined after doing it . 
  but i 'm not sure how big of a problem it is , because compared to other countries ( uk , france ) there is n't that much jaywalking in austria . 
  french people that speak german always sound adorable to me . 
  i always die a bit inside whenever i see how popular mario barth is, 
  i guess it depends on your environment/the people you spend time with , but i do n't think i 've ever seen somebody get ridiculed for not drinking . 
  there is a chance of somebody asking you why , but usually it just goes like that : `` do n't you want a beer ? '', 
  - `` no , i do n't drink/i 'm the driver/i just took some paracetamol '' - `` okay '', 
  i once went to 7 cities in 2 weeks ( interrail ) and it was n't even that stressful . 
  i 'd say it totally depends on what you want to see and do and what kind of traveler you are . 
  i 'm not sure if it will work out if you want to see every single tourist attraction and everything 4 different countries have to offer , but if you just want to get a first impression of various cities you 'll have plenty of time for that . 
  right now , my least favourite city would be brussels . 
  i went there while doing interrail and for some reason it was quite dirty , smelled like piss and was a bit boring . 
  i know a few people that really like brussels , so i kind of want to visit it again and see if it 's better than i remember . 
  i have n't seen all of them , but i love amsterdam and copenhagen . 
  paris and prague are lovely too . 
  it 's quite nice to be in a foreign country and still be able to understand what the people there are saying and i enjoy not having to rely on english . 
  i also have friends in france and spain and it 's nice to talk to them in their language . 
  so i 'm quite happy we were taught spanish and french in school . 
  i also had to learn latin which i 'm quite happy about , because otherwise i would have had to take an exam about it for university . 
  i 'm in austria and i usually tip around 10 % . 
  most people tip , but nobody will say anything or give you a weird look if you do n't . 
  ( especially if you are young , because a lot of students do n't tip ), 
  i think the fact that 16-year-olds can legally smoke could have something to do with it . 
  i stayed in the uk for a few months and i missed bread more than i missed my friends and family . 
  it 's also what we austrians tell foreigners ( germans ) to pronounce , but then again we may be very similar to bavarians . . and it means `` tail of a squirrel '' ( or `` a squirrel 's tail '' ), 
  that 's interesting . 
  everyone i know who has a house with a garden has some fruits or vegetables in it . 
  currently , we have apples , sour cherries and blackberries and we have had strawberries , raspberries and different vegetables in the past . 
  15 $ for 20gb data , unlimited calls and texts . 
  you 're right , that fits better . 
  mate what . 
  do you know that each country has its own history , different traditions , languages and subtle ( or not so subtle ) differences in the way of living ? 
  why should we erase that ? 
  i did n't know that either , i always used the words interchangeably . 
  do you want a percentage ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it varies from country to country and from woman to woman . 
  it 's not uncommon at all , but there are loads of women who prefer different styles of underwear . 
  ( as a woman , my very subjective experience in changing rooms and in my circle of friends has been that more women wear the [ bikini style of underwear ] ( https://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-vector--types-of-women-s-panties-vector-set-of-underwear-silhouette-ass-in-front-and-behind-string-272814050.jpg ) ), 
  why though ? 
  you probably would n't have written that if the question had been `` how often do you see a pizzeria ? '', 
  it 's the vikings is n't it, 
  tbh i would be fine with any supermarket that did n't close at 7.30-8pm . 
  i 'd love to have stores that closed at around 10 , but i do n't think that 's typical of america , because they have supermarkets like that in basically every ( european ) country that is n't austria . 
  very often . 
  i think i should count how many of them i see on my way to uni , but it 's at least 10 . 
  right , i kind of forgot about that . 
  a friend of mine goes to university in the us and at her uni , people have to share a room during their first year . 
  ( i think the reasoning was that in the past , they had a lot of problems with depressed students and people feeling alone ? ), 
  her roommate was a girl that used to skype with her family and friends abroad the whole night and said she could n't go to sleep without music or television in the background ( while refusing to use headphones ) . 
  i do n't have anything against the usa , but it actually took me some time to think of something . 
  not a big fan of tipping 20 % , overly friendly customer service , hero worship for soldiers , weird healthcare , expensive universities , no drinking until 21 , guns . 
  one thing that always sounded somewhat nice to me was living on campus as a college student . 
  i imagine it makes it easier to meet a lot of people . 
  lignano or bust, 
  in the last years , every country seems to have gotten the exact same stores ( thanks globalization ? ), 
  so i 'm not sure if visiting a city just to go shopping is still a thing . 
  i guess it depends on what you want to buy ? 
  london , paris and amsterdam are rather expensive cities , but if you are just looking to buy some clothes , there will always be tons of stores where you can find them . 
  if you are looking for cheaper clothes , london has stores like uniqlo or new look ( in addition to stuff like h&m that you will find in every city you visit ) . 
  but it would help to know what kind of clothes/shoes you are after . 
  for some reason , the only people i sometimes see wearing jumpers with the university name on it are students from our medical university . 
  i thought funny games and the white ribbon ( i am just going to pretend that the latter is entirely austrian ) were really good and i like everything with josef hader . 
  such a great movie !, 
  good luck !, 
  we 'd gladly take your ocean !, 
  you can have one of our mountains or a lake or something . 
  i do n't think i ever had uht milk , but what 's up with your milk ? 
  why do you have those massive 3 or 4l-bottles ? 
  i thought band of brothers was extremely well made and i quite liked inglorious basterds . 
  yeah i went to paris , nice , cannes and antibes and i do n't think i noticed excessive dirtiness in any of the cities . 
  i just read that 15-20 % of austrians are lactose-intolerant , so i guess it is n't that uncommon, 
  [ sc\u00e1thach ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sc\u00e1thach ) is very interesting as well, 
  that sounds like a bit of a nightmare to me , because my party trick would be being bad at everything, 
  not sure if it counts , but i thought of [ wanda - bologna ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrel_68o-mw ) and [ kreisky - br\u00fcssel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptsn6ypzu8e ) . 
  my mother was 37 und my father 34 . 
  when i was a kid , it was so weird to me that some of my friends had parents that were 15 years younger than mine . 
  well , you said `` i 'm very attracted to european women '' , so you seem to assume that all of us have something in common ? 
  jamie dornan was a bit too good in the fall , but he is a beautiful , beautiful man, 
  has to be [ christoph waltz ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/ac/b6/72/acb6727aa18e8c07acbe6aa4762a2e84.jpg ), 
  for many subjects you just need to have passed your final exams in high school and your grades do n't matter . 
  some universities like the medical university or art schools have entrance exams . 
  i ca n't think of many universities or subjects where your grades from high school matter which is something that distinguishes us from a few other european countries . 
  we get quite a few german students that study in austria because their grades are n't good enough for germany , but there are also some austrians that go to germany because they have good grades but did n't pass the entrance exam for their choice of studies in austria . 
  well , we just elected van der bellen . 
  not sure if it counts as western europe , but according to the global peace index austria is the third safest country in the world . 
  if i leave it wo n't be because of terrorism/safety reasons .
