  let the politicians do the rest of the work for you . 
  edit : a word, 
  in theory you are correct . 
  actually , no , you are not even correct in theory ... because the same geneva convention says you can not deport them to an unsafe country and you can not deport them to a country which is not their own . 
  look at that pretty infinite loop . 
  in this particular situation , they are asked if they want to go ... and in most cases so far , they 've said `` fuck you , we want germany '' . 
  and because of the geneva convention you can not deport them once they say no . 
  look at the pretty infinite loop again . 
   this is about male violence well ... color me surprised . 
  i though there were men in germany last year ... and the year before ... and the one before that . 
  how come this happened now and not then . 
  i thought that had always been men in germany . 
  so how about instead of being idiots we look and put the cause with the things that changed , not at those that stayed constant . 
  aaaa , the guardian we all know and love is back . 
  a good alternative title would be : how to be a leftist moron in 3 easy steps ( with real life examples ) : 1 . 
  step 1 : completely ignore the part where the relocation process involves the refugees actually agreeing to go to the proposed country . 
  which they do n't . 
  step 2 : lament on how the quotas project has failed , ignoring the part where half of europe told you it 's going to fail because see no . 
  blame everybody for failing to commit . 
  apparently migrants not wanting to go to a country it totally and uniquely the fault of said country . 
  how dares x country be poor and not give out free stuff !, 
  then increase the price when they have the rights . 
  the difference between the 2 service levels is just to great . 
  it 's like buying a ferrari and getting delivered a 1980 's renault . 
  i did . 
  they offer a bit over 10 % of their us inventory at a higher price , as we pay in euro . 
  so yeah , assholes !, 
  thank you !, 
  eli15 : what 's a shadow minister ? 
  it 's the real isis fighting the real al qaeda . 
  i hope the exterminate each other and make the world a better place just by that . 
  yeeeey , that 's what we need ... more middle to far-right, 
  nope , but it also does n't mean it 's not . 
  as a matter of fact , we simply do not know how well they will adapt / adjust or what their expectations are . 
  read the article , it 's more than 1, 
   maybe because their countries are n't all at war and they have n't lost half of their family ? 
  maybe because they have n't lost everything they have and can at least sustain a life without the threat of being barrel bombed or executed by islamic fundamentalists ? 
  and yet , that 's what they want to go back to , as the article shows ... go figure !, 
   thousands of \u021bigani from romania like they already have actually , you did n't and you are n't . 
  until last year , they were regularly packed and send back . 
  so what makes the rest of 3,2 billions less worthy ? 
  see , that 's what i missed in this article ( as in i would have like to see ) : `` so it sweden does not live up to your expectations . 
  what were your expectations when you came here in the first place ? '', 
   i have n't made any comparisons i am making the comparison because you did n't . 
  thing is , complaining that this article is generating racism is actually part of the problem : not discussing any of the actual issues such as integration capabilities from vastly different societies because either they are not relevant or they generate racism . 
  based on that we should totally welcome the entire third world ... all 3.4 billions of them . 
  wait till you read this : huff 's bias is pro-refugees . 
   to live off of their taxpayers money there you go , your answer . 
  `` i 'd rather see my son killed by isis or assad than drinking one beer '' ... friggin ' scary that there are people thinking like that in this day and age . 
  so this is different from the stuff from the retardian or vice ? 
  you know , the ones describing the experiences on the road the the only safe countries in europe aka sweden and germany ? 
  are n't those the feelings of a few guys ( about the same number as this article ) ? 
  how do those have more substance ? 
  are n't they used in an attempt to make us feel guilty and more accepting of migrants ? 
  do you have any idea what you are talking about ? 
  did you know that before you could reunite not only with grown adult children and grown adult siblings , but also , by extension , to their children & families as well ? 
  so get one guy in , followed by another 20 . 
  so you got to ask yourself , exactly which part of what he was facing here was unexpected and needed to be learned first hand ( after paying a small fortune to smugglers ) ? 
  * that sweden has a different language than syria ? 
  * that not knowing the language means no job ? 
  * that educational standards differ ? 
  * that processing of a large mass of people will take a long time ? 
  * that the culture is different ? 
  excuse me , but if this comes as a surprise to somebody it means that somebody is just incredibly fucking stupid !, 
  and these seem to be the same businesses to you ? 
  would you do that ? 
  just paying to enter a place where you would have to leave even more money ? 
  this plays in my mind : `` hello . 
  i 'd like some driving lessons '' `` that will be 2000euro . 
  may i have your credit card please ? '', 
  `` oh , i 'd like to pay in sex , please '' `` of course . 
  that would be 10 blow jobs , 5 vaginal and 1 anal '' `` oh , that 's very reasonable . 
  but you see , the lessons are for my son , little farts-a-lot . 
  could we possibly exchange the anal for something else ? '', 
  `` alas , no , the anal is mandatory for our school . 
  however , if you 'd like , you can take his place for that one '' ... etc. . . etc, 
  how is that even going to work ? 
  `` oh , you 're not going to buy . 
  please give me your credit card so i can charge for the advice ... sir , sir ... where are you going !, 
  why are you running away ? 
  i 'll call the police and report you for ... stealing ... 
  siiiiir ? '', 
  lots of pork stuff : home-made sausages , fried pork bits usually with pickles and/or pickled cabbage salad , stuffed cabbage rolls and polenta and lots . 
  also we eat lots ( and i mean lots ) of sweets . 
  some eat turkey but that 's more used for ny 's party than for christmas . 
  the hilarious part is that on this same thread i have people telling me it 's resonable and/or cheap on the other people yelling am i insane , how can i say it 's resonable/cheap . 
  what 's the average income for a uni graduate in uk ? 
  by comparison with us for instance and $ 200,000 average college debt ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  oh , that is kind of cheap . 
  by the way my british friends complain about it you 'd think they have to pay with the life of their first born so i always though it must be very expensive . 
  this is uk we are talking about . 
  uni is not cheap there like in most continental europe . 
  who wants to bet these were also people with `` je suis charlie '' banners on their facebook profiles ? 
  seriously , do these people having such a low intellectual level that they can no longer distinguish between actual verbal abuse and expressing a divergent opinion ? 
  when exactly did we get from freedom of consciousness to let 's make sure nobody gets offended ... ever ? 
  `` f * freedom of speech , we 'll just hate everybody equality '' . 
  that is what political correctness has become . 
  it 's not accepting people with their differences , it 's now just hating everybody equally . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/fhmodt3nshs?t=3m22s ),
