  regardless of the medium used , the question is will they still be allowed to do it ? 
  at this stage why the fuck do we still care what russia does ? 
  why not do it without the resolution ( like the un matters for anything anymore ) . 
  russia have unilaterally sent troops and military aid there ... 
  no , i do n't think the majority of those convicted in russia of espionage and treason really are that . 
  like this guy for instance . 
  how many people who applied for jobs someplace else do you know to have faced treason charges in another country ? 
  russia is a filthy dictatorship and putin is a sociopath . 
   russia this mean that operatives already had all required evidences no , sweetheart , it means they already fabricated the evidence , the judges are already either afraid or part of the system or too afraid to do anything against it . 
  anyway , yet another russian claiming to be something else . 
  i bet you also like the flag as being the inverted of your own , like the other dick !, 
  i wonder what 's going to happen to the piece of shit speakers they invite every year under the new laws proposed by cameron, 
  let me clarify : the majority position is that you should be ashamed of it . 
  one ~ ~ my ~ ~ more speaking point to my theory that merkel is putin 's girl . 
  it 's also nothing to be ashamed of , which is the majorities position in serbia ... 
  they can stop busses at the border look at the train bussines . 
  you are getting a rim job from a woman 10 years dead ??? 
  that must be a difficult feat ... no wonder you smell like shit then , i doubt she can do a good job without a tongue . 
  just a curiosity though , how did you remade her body out of ashes ? 
  anyway , i do n't judge , but some people might hold your public declaration of necrofilia against you . 
  i sense a business opportunity !, 
  but how would that play in the media ? 
  germany endangering the lives of people they vouched to take in ? 
  basically doing exactly what hungary did with the train . 
  or imagine croatia buying them plane tickets available on regular flights . 
  they can not deny landing to those , there are more than just migrants on board , 
  alas , i am not hungarian so i do n't have a voucher, 
  those damn danish , who do n't want to force people to stay there . 
  voucher n. : ___ ( number ) ___ this voucer is good for __ 1 __ rimjob from __ ( name , surname ) __ as __ ( position ) ___ , employee of ___ ( organisation here ) ___ . 
  to be delivered upon demand , but no later than ___ ( date ) ___ . 
  note : recipient must assume the proper position for rimming . 
  yep , i see that becoming a thing !, 
   that 's not how air traffic works since you are so acting so superior , how does it work then ? 
  you seem to be in the know , tell us , 
  so in your mind that counts as an argument ? 
  wow , scary . 
  do you know to wipe your own ass yet or is your mom still doing it ? 
   no point in talking with you you did n't talk to me yet , you just spew some shit . 
  you are yet to give a single argument why it 's not a viable option . 
  a single one . 
  fyi , calling somebody a moron is just proof that you lack creativity in coming with up with a decent insult and not an actual counter-argument . 
  hungary has an active army of close to 30,000 people . 
  seriously , this is more than enough to handle what migrants can throw at them . 
  the calling of military reserves is 1 . overkill 2 . unnecessary 3 . an abuse of a situation to increase the army size over what 's in eu treaties . 
   yes , merkel caused the war in syria no , but she issued a statement which pretty much everybody interpreted as `` come one , come all , all welcomed , no questions asked '' for syrians . 
  that interpretation was so predictable only a total fool would have ignored it . 
   you are a moron why ? 
  are they doing to deny landing ? 
  seriously , you have 5 planes flaying ahead , they say we are not turning back . 
  as an airport commander , what do you do ? 
  the flight plan is filed and approved in croatia or they take over a regular flight between croatia and germany . 
  yes , let 's ensure a steady supply of slave labor to china . 
  so timely ~ ~ to ~ ~ too , only 2 months after several other countries have proposed it . 
  but first , lets shit ourselves with mandatory minimums and threatening the eastern countries . 
  it 's not like they 've been under communism , they hate this kind of bullying and they are kind of immune to it . 
  now , how wants to guess how it 's going to be boarding the people who are already here and flying them back to africa ? 
  merkel owes the entire europe apologies . 
  since merkel is being a dirty biatch about the mess she herself has caused , i 'd do this : * rent a bunch of planes * bus all the migrants that want to go to the nearest airport * board all of them in the planes * fly them to germany what are the germans going to do ? 
  deny them landing ? 
  can you imagine how that would look to the welcome refugees crowd ? 
   we have hearts , but we also have heads . 
  too bad the head part only goes into action after it has been kicked in by the hungarians . 
  nope ... i am always glad when we do n't suck at something . 
  do you really want germany to get between russians and americans ? 
  they would both look for excuses to shoot . 
  well , thats the orban we knew and `` loved '' . 
  not glad to see him back . 
  i am genuinely interested an a documented answer . 
  what does the bill contain that offends muslim community ? 
  are we finally good at rugby again ? 
  hurray for us !, 
  germany has also , even though they deny it , have de facto closed their borders . 
  so the squatting and rioting would move to austrian territory . 
  the day when russians are extreme right and germany extreme left ... 
  2 guys got here by mistake and started crying when they found out where they were . 
  that 's not the scariest scenario . 
  germans , americans and russian soldiers gunning each other in syria is the nightmare scenario . 
  even russia is making more sense than germany right now . 
  please , stop the planet , i 'd like to get off now !, 
  after you just peed on the carpet ? 
  i held one in my hand last week from a gypsy guy ... 100 euros/piece , pure work of forgery art . 
  so just let them pass so they in turn can have 20,000 people ? 
  what should hungary do with them ? 
  austria has closed it 's borders also . 
  just opening and letting them pass will not work . 
  austria has closed off its borders too . 
  so instead of the people squatting at the border between croatia and hungary , but on croatian territory ( and technically croatia 's responsibility ) they would be squatting on the hungarian territory waiting for a way into austria . 
  so all the rioting would happen on hungarian territory instead of on croatian . 
  i ca n't say i blame them for not wanting that . 
  it would be against eu laws . 
  germany and austria were screaming their lungs out when hungary was just letting them pass . 
  both country officials must have severe cases of alzheimer 's as they are now dumping on hungary for upholding the law which they requested hungary to do 2.5 weeks ago . 
  the migrants can actually pass . 
  all they have to do is register . 
  which they adamantly refuse to do . 
  the real refugees can then proceed and if they are syrian and reach germany can apply for asylum which has bragged that will take them even if they registered on another country ( that is what the suspension of dublin iii meant ) . 
  but the fact of the matter is the majority are not refugees . 
  yes , there are jobs that are not filled . 
  the largest number of those are in it . 
  they are in countries where the main language spoken in the work place is not english so they would need to spend at least 1 year to learn it .
