  but when i arrived , i was told that in order to apply for asylum i had to be in german territory -- the application could n't be made from the consulate . 
  this is the gist of the problem , imo . 
  we are discriminating against people living in the camps ( or around ) who we know are real refugees and instead we give priority to those already illegally on our territory regardless where they are from . 
  we do n't give them any choice other than coming here . 
  meanwhile , frau merkel launches a thinly veiled invitation ( and we all know how well that went ) . 
  how is it that politicians who should be doing this for a living do n't see this ? 
  i really really hope you are right . 
  as i said , that 's the nightmare scenario . 
  there 's virtually no us troops in the isis controlled regions from iraq . 
  there hardly are government troops . 
  syria is not a 2-groups war . 
  there are at least 4 warring factions there . 
  we do n't know what agreement russia has with isis behind close doors . 
  i find it odd that they went after the front and al-nustra first and not directly after isis which is advancing . 
  on the other hand , russia does have an ongoing war against al queda ( of which al-nusra is a spawn of ) . 
  in fact , al-zawahiri ( leader of al qaeda ) declared war against isis . 
  which is why i am wondering if putin is going after isis at all . 
  on the other hand americans and the allies are being idiots and failing to do the same in iraq within the next few months , thus giving russia an excuse to jump from syria to iraqi territory . 
  technically , unlike syria where they were invited , here it would be an invasion , however , americans and turks were not invite in syria for the drone strikes either ... 
  however , i do n't see any movement of us towards that and it 's the same scenario : can you be the guy who stopped russia from destroying isis ? 
  well , that 's one information i did n't have, 
  i think they will be able to bring in the large carriers through the straight . 
  in relation of turkey/country i was using internal/external policies . 
  in case of groups we are talking culture . 
  specifically , this article and most of the comments are criticizing turkey 's external policies . 
   everyone who goes after isis in a eradicate way of things that 's the thing . 
  i am not 100 % certain they are going after isis . 
  the language is friggin ' impossible though ... and i have a thing for learning new languages, 
  i have a feeling we 'll see the big guns coming, 
  small ships only and apparently it 's a shipyard more than a real base . 
  it had a problem which is that turkey was not allowing them to pass massive military ships through bosphorus . 
  now they can do that . 
  ah , so this is how russia is going to get their much desired naval base in the mediterranean . 
  they 'll have it on syrian territory . 
  well , now we are getting closer to understanding this whole shebang . 
  as far as i know russia also defines the free syrian army as terrorists and turkey define the all the kurdish groups as terrorists too which us does n't . 
  as for russia ... i have a feeling they will end up not go after isis in the real sense of the word . 
  there was this anecdote about the americans in wwii . 
  `` the reason the american army does so well in wartime , is that war is chaos , and the american army practices it on a daily basis . '', 
  that 's how the russian army is . 
  you can not coordinate with russians , they can hardly coordinate with each other . 
  the reason why i said that is because it 's actually a problem to be considered . 
  russia defines terrorists one way , turkey another and france another , 
  dude , poland is awesome !, 
  if there is something we should learn from europe 's nazi and communist past or from the iranian revolution is that a very motivated minority can wreak havoc if the majority is complacent/too lazy/too fearful , if other minorities are complicit , and/or if the politicians are whoring for votes . 
  salafists and wahabists are such a motivated minority . 
  the leftist pc crowd ( see the uk student unions ) , the `` omg , if you are against immigration you are a racist '' , the `` omg , all cultures are equal '' , the `` let 's restrict our freedoms to make them fell more welcome '' , not to mention the main-stream media , are the complicit groups . 
  as seen from spd or cdu in germany , politicians are whores . 
  as for the majority , we already know it 's complacent . 
  so here we are , a scenario which has happened already 3 times in recent history is about to repeat itself with somewhat different actors . 
   no one culture is better than another so a culture in which women are nothing more than slaves , promotes the killing of lgbt and of atheists/apostates is no better than a culture which promotes equality between genders and protections for minorities ? 
  sounds like you know what you are talking about !, 
  except you do n't . 
  culture = values . 
  some values are better than others for the wellbeing of the societal groups . 
   culture is always changing true , but direction matters as well . 
  it can be going back to the middle ages , as it happened in iran and is about to happen in turkey . 
  different does n't automatically mean better . 
  i wonder when will the welcome-refugees crowd realize that the influx of almost slave-level non-unionized work force will most likely deal a deadly blow to the very foundation of the left movements , which are the labor unions . 
  i wonder how that will end up playing out seeing how in europe unions have serious political muscle . 
  because we do n't want to run the risk of getting into a shootout with the incoming russian troops, 
  key here is `` considered by whom '' ? 
  technically , everybody who is against assad is a rebel ... that includes isis . 
  as for turkphobic , grow up !, 
  criticizing a country or a group , its internal or external policies , it 's culture , etc. 
  does n't make anybody [ country/group ] phobic . 
  how about maybe he lives there and he knows first hand ? 
  i know it comes as a shocker but personal experience is also something people have, 
  of course they will not . 
  we will basically have a yo-yo population between east and west . 
  if they were to respect the asylum laws theyd havento deport more than half off . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  you 'll soon see new versions of the mandatory quotas when germany will start dumping the undesirables off to eastern europe . 
  he just told you the media is trying to suppress the information and you ask for a source ... much logic , much wow, 
  i can vouch for that . 
  if the language woud n't be so damn hard , id 've moved there a few years ago . 
  do you also have some argument as to why they are ignorant or you just woke up and decided `` today i 'll act all butthurt towards all who do n't hail erdogan sultan '' ? 
  the way you bait & switch is adorable , except i do n't bite . 
  you asked for a statistics that show immigrants are a source of rape and murder , not statistics that show the majority of immigrants are rapists and murderers . 
  i give you a link where 75 people are being indicted of rape ... and you cherry pick that one line which , incidentally , has been used to justify the police not taking action on said grooming gangs . 
  oh , are you offended by the use of the telegraph as a source ? 
  here another source and another similar case . 
  look at see also to get an idea about the extent of the phenomenon . 
  do you want more numbers ? 
  let 's see : maybe we should look at sweden . 
  do this : go to gatestoneinstitute dot org and search sweden : rape capital of the west . 
  i am doing this because links to it have been banned . 
  [ this organisation ] includes among it 's fellows such names a [ khaled abu toameh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khaled_abu_toameh ) , [ aymenn jawad al-tamimi ] ( http://www.mei.edu/profile/aymenn-jawad-al-tamimi ) , [ salim mansur ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salim_mansur ) and [ raheel raza ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raheel_raza ) . 
  so apparently , in the minds of our mods , being against islamic extremism is now unacceptable . 
  the uk has used it 's opt-out in the migrant quotas while all the other countries accepted ( more or less voluntary ) . 
  it was uk that went with us to conquer iraq , thus giving a good solid base for isis to start operating from . 
  so maybe the independent should go lecture somebody else . 
  it was n't the west 's folly , it was us&uk folly . 
   greece , italy , et al have de facto ignored dublin for years . 
  do you have some sort of source or data on that ? 
  or is it just personal observation ? 
   germany helps other eu countries by taking an estimated 800,000 refugees off them this year which is why they are bulking at around 200,000 and are imposing mandatory quotas on other countries and bullying them into this plan . 
  because they can take in 800,000 . 
  yet again , not hypocritical at all . 
   by fair distribution yeah , totally fair : austria , a country with 437.123 bil usd gdp , has a quota of 3000 , romania , a country with a 199,920 bil usd gdp has more than double that .
