  not the the case existed , nobody denies that . 
  the guy is currently under indictment , he was already arrested ( which was later changed to house arrest following a supreme court decision about the legality of long detentions during investigative proceedings ) and the case is on trial as we speak . 
  nobody denied that . 
  the proof you showed was obtained from the actual court file . 
  the funny part is where a3 took several recordings and mixed them to say whatever it is they wanted to say . 
  it 's not like it 's the first time they were caught producing fakes ( happens several times every year ) . 
  it 's the proven false allegations that kovesi is protecting the guy . 
  do you know how she won ? 
  by presenting evidence that she forwarded several key pieces of the file to the prosecutors instrumenting his case . 
  but hey , what 's another little lie when you already said so many others . 
   yet the people b\u0103sescu put in dna and sri ( romania 's fbi ) are immaculate and incorruptible it 's the same people who now basescu himself is pissed at currently for having arrested his main financiers . 
  so yeah , if every thief is pissed at you is a pretty good indication that you are a good cop . 
   is foxnews affiliated with cnn international no , they are a competitor of cnn thus can not also be [ a client of the cnn syndication network ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/intlsyndication/newsource.html ) . 
  because that is what is means , sweetheart . 
  your faves are buying content of cnn and using that as some sort of proof of moral superiority . 
  anybody with a tv station can become an affiliate if they pay the content licensing fees . 
  you are doing the same thing your faves are doing , yet again . 
  take something , twist it it , insert one lie and make it into a bigger lie . 
   they have n't covered this news completely in english yeah , the nonexistence of a legal romanian court document in a romanian case happening in romania in english is somehow proof of ... what exactly ? 
   few people that were tasked to help yeah , one of the few people taken from the streets of romania by ceausescu and asked to help . 
  for which he was given the immense fortune which he emerged out of the communist era . 
  because that is how all romanians who worked in foreign trade made out ... they all had millions ... except they did n't ... and this is yet another lie ... how many is that in this post alone ? 
  i lost count  not be questioned by the securitate there are several denounces he made against his neighbours , his cousins , his friends and co-workers to the secret police . 
  those exist , and they are available in the archives of the former secret police at a simple request ( takes 30 days for processing ) . 
  same documents which voiculescu tried ( and failed ) to have destroyed by court order . 
  incidentally , there is a court decision which names him not just a collaborator , but an actual participant in the act of secret policing in romania . 
   you could ask him yourself yes , ask him if he stole !, 
  i am sure he is going to come clean ...  blind pathological hate it 's not blind , i hate this former & ex-current oligarch ( currently jailed ) with my eyes wide open . 
  it 's not pathological , it 's normal ... you are supposed to hate people who stole millions of our state 's budget and national wealth ... of my taxes !, 
  to explain the background : this article comes from a tv station that belongs to one of the corrupted politicians kovesi 's anti-corruption agency put in jail last year . 
  prior to being the agency 's chief , she was romania 's chief prosecutor . 
  she , along with the former agency director moraru , are enemy no . 
  2 and no . 
  3 of this `` news '' organisation . 
  enemy no . 
  1 was the person who promoted them to such positions , which is the former president . 
  she already won an anti-defamation lawsuit against them . 
  basically , the only thing they have n't accused her of so far is having gills , otherwise everything it 's been there . 
  antena 3 is essentially the romanian fox news , except with less backbone and moral fiber ( yep , possible ) . 
  so take it with a grain of salt . 
  as a matter of fact , she did n't `` denied the charges '' or dismiss the charges as the title says , but did n't prosecute in 2007 due to procedural problems . 
  she did in fact ordered it re-investigated , not closed . 
  ( they say as much in the article , lol ) . 
  she became general prosecutor in 2006 , that file was under investigation for nearly 17 years at that date . 
  to give you an idea , until 2007 iliescu had not been interviewed about the charges even once . 
  in 2007 she dismissed some parts of said file which were obtained illegally and if brought to court would have led to a dismissal of charges . 
  she also ordered that the investigation in the matter continue . 
  if anybody is interested in the legal aspects , the [ ordinance is here ] ( http://admin.stiripesurse.ro/media/other/201503/media-142624770762284100.pdf ) ( sorry , romanian only , google translate works well on it though ) . 
  also , a number of charges had been , to that date , prescribed . 
  she also initiated legal investigation of the lead prosecutor of the case , gen. dan voinea , for how it was handled . 
  in fact , their boss & owner , dan voiculescu , aka the komodo dragon , aka felix the cat , was a former security collaborator , former oligarch and close friend of dictator ceausescu . 
  he is believed to be one of those who plundered said dictator 's swiss bank accounts after the romanian revolution of ' 89 . 
   a few years ago we even paid romas to go back to their country nope , you did n't . 
  the french state sent the invoice of that back to romania , 
  how are you going to wrestle it out of them ? 
  deport them where ? 
  on who 's expense ? 
  this looks to me that our beloved leaders , whomever they may be , are not trying to solve this in anything remotely resembling a logical manner . 
  so how are you going to make them stay put in the countries they were allocated at , countries where they do n't want to be ? 
  yep , let 's ignore ~ ~ the elephan ~ ~ ... scratch that , the argentinosaurus in the room : the migrants refuse to relocate to anything else than germany and sweden . 
  they refused luxembourg for crying out loud !, 
  there have actually been multiple plots found out as security agencies announce . 
  the charlie hebdo thing was supposed to be the start of such a series ( there were several others caught in nl , belgium and germany ) . 
  apparently so was the train guy one , the first of a series . 
  plus , how much more of an escalation do you want : there have been what , 5 this year alone ? 
  the thing is you do n't tell your enemy through the media that you are on to him , which is why most found plots were never announced . 
  yes , but the emotional implications are different ... 
   whats wrong with `` every second person to certify the state a loss of reality '' for starters , though i am fluent in english , i have no idea what that means ... 
  a meta observation about the article : it 's interesting how pretty much all the media turned from using refugees to using migrants in just one month . 
  even the guardian is starting to use the same terminology . 
  why not ask simply `` how religious are you really ? '', 
  i am not a christian , i am an atheist . 
  in the past 100 or so years nothing good came out of organised religion . 
  over the past centuries , the evil it did far outweighs the good . 
  so personally i would ban churches all together . 
  again , i would ban the organisation that runs religion , not religion itself . 
  at the very least it should be a taxable enterprise like any other business , which it is . 
   many generations for the refugees to integrate actually , the second generation are even more traditionalist than the first . 
  i recently saw an article here about that , 
  so we are welcoming yet another dictator into eu . 
  except while hungary was already in the eu and you can claim you could not have known the direction in which their politics is going , turkey 's case is crystal clear . 
  they are arresting journalists on a regular basis . 
  they are shutting down or harassing media outlets and journalists that are not in line with erdogan sultan 's whims . 
  they are increasingly turning towards islamic fundamentalism . 
  meanwhile , serbia has been waiting for how many years now ? 
  seriously , fuck merkel !, 
  how much more can she shit on the eu ? 
  we had places like that in the past , they were called ussr , bulgaria , romania ... it worked out perfectly !, 
   wages go down , so do prices can you please show me a place in the western world where that happened ? 
  i do n't get this obsession with horse meat . 
  it 's meat from a vegetarian animal , just like a cow or a chicken . 
  i 've seen shops that sell bear meat in uk for pete 's sake edit : ok , i understand . 
  it 's a labeling and meat quality problem , not a origin problem . 
  scotland ? 
  the `` moderates '' in syria are about as moderate as the wahabists in saudi arabia . 
  isis all over in anything but name ... 
  they have smart phones and internet . 
  a search about luxembourg is effectively one google search away . 
  they found their way from wherever to germany but can not find out about luxembourg ? 
  imagine how the guys who were assigned to romania and bulgaria will react ...
