   the culture and mindset of romani people is vastly different from that of war refugees from the middle east this is just hilarious . 
  it basically means you know nothing of either muslim or romani ...  the highest projection i saw yet was 800.000 this year in germany alone !, 
  add those who already came in 2013 till now , add similar or increasing numbers coming in the next few years . 
  because they 've all heard that mama merkel said she will take everybody in . 
  it does n't matter what she said , that is what they heard . 
  there have been already several posts on / r/europe about fake syrian passports and how all the others consider this a golden opportunity . 
   we did it before and it worked somewhat reasonably let me tell you how you did it before : you took a small number of people , very heavily screened , you tied them to a location , provided social security assistance until they learned the language and the skills needed , including some german degrees ( i forgot how that 's called ) . 
  that worked fine when we are talking 4000 people . 
  even from those a good number did not integrate , as you say , it only worked somewhat reasonably . 
  do you honestly think it will work just as well when you are talking about 800,000 ? 
  oh , and read the last phrase of the study you gave me `` educational expansion , however , has led to a widening educational gap resulting in barriers to further structural assimilation . '', 
  what do you think `` barriers to further structural assimilation '' means ? 
  btw , if you have the actual article , i 'd love to read it , but renting it for a day is too steep just to make a point . 
  and there is one more thing that you guys refuse to consider : there are strong indications that there 's a war coming ... this thing with russia will not end well , for either russia or europe . 
  we will have to deal with european refugees in a few years time . 
  how do you figure this integration plan is going to work when 1/4 of europe is fucked ? 
  because i am kind of tired to explain to people that history has a nasty tendency to repeat itself and if you do n't pay attention to how societal pressures lead to recent events you will get your ass handed back to you . 
  they come already with a high frustration level and with a sheer emotional and cultural inability to handle said frustration . 
  this will lead to social tensions , and whatever spark will be , legitimate or set , it will lead to riots . 
  i asked this before . 
  try to find answers to the following questions , with facts , not wishful thinking : * do you have enough jobs for all ? 
  * do you have a legal solution to remove for those , regardless of their numbers and percentage in the migrant population , who prove are up to no good ( would-be terrorists , radicals , etc. ), 
  * is your social assistance system solid / rich enough to sustain the number of migrants coming ? 
  * do you have enough social housing to support the number of migrants coming ? 
  * can your educational system take in the increasing number of children who do n't speak the language and have been out of school for years is your medical system rich / solid enough to take in the number of migrants coming in ( lots of them already ill ) * do you have a social solution to avoid enclavisation and a resurgence of no-go zones ? 
  * how come your are so optimistic you will be able to integrate a couple of million migrants with staggeringly different social values when you failed to integrate a handful of gypsies ? 
  let 's have this discussion in about 2 years , shall we ? 
  ok , look into a mirror and say : `` not all migrants are refugees '' , rinse and repeat until it sinks in ... 
  let me guess , juncker remembered how popular he was during the greek crysis and wants to re-live thw feeling ? 
  all 300 of them ... what a happy coincidence . 
  is there a war in denmark i did n't hear about that these people are fleeing ? 
  250,000 syrians and yet germany alone is looking at 800,000 immigrants this year alone . 
  do you figure they expect some space ships to land with aliens ? 
  you know , i recently had a discussion with a fellow pakistani developer . 
  when i mentioned a war in his country he lost his shit . 
  apparently his opinion is that the only place where there 's a war in pakistan is in the western media . 
  this guy is not an idiot . 
  he runs a very successful business which employs nearly 50 people . 
  incidentally , an almost similar discussion i had on another forum about nigeria , with a few nigerians yelling at me over how i spread lies about their country when i mentioned a civil war . 
  again , these guys are no government officials , they were developers in a coffee-shop sub-forum of a development site . 
  how would you explain these ? 
  i am lazy so i am going to post part of an answer i gave elsewhere i do not hate migrants or immigration . 
  i do however hate the idea of uncontrolled mass migration which is what is happening now . 
  uncontrolled migration is bad because : * it does n't come as a solution to a problem ( lack of workers in specific areas ) it is a problem in itself for social assistance , health and education systems which will become over-burdened in the following years . 
  * despite what you like to believe , we do n't actually have jobs or not as many as needed to cover the needs of what will be a few million people in a few years . 
  which means that even in countries with large social security endowment , the mass migrants will still be poor . 
  poverty leads to enclavisation . 
  poverty leads to crime . 
  more importantly poverty and high expectations leads to frustration . 
  that leads to mass revolts the likes we 've seen in paris in 2005 . 
  which will be 10-fold big because , unlike paris , it will have a strong religious content ( i will touch on that soon ) and there is simply more people involved . 
  social tensions of the ethnic flavor lead to the resurgence of the far right parties . 
  * we still do n't have a legal solution for those who actively try to cause harm . 
  terrorists are sneaking in because that is the nature of uncontrolled migration . 
  they let everybody in . 
  we do n't have a solution to follow-up on the migrants we let in , we do n't have a solution to deport them before they cause harm because of the dublin accord . 
  * culturally and socially speaking islam , which is the religion of the majority , does not bring any kind of enrichment to western culture and society . 
  quite the contrary !, 
  bringing such a big mass of people who adhere to values fundamentally different than ours should not happen before we find a way to ensure we protect our own . 
  legal protection if needed . 
  learn the language or get out . 
  act towards the idea of `` we do n't want freedom , we want sharia '' and you are in the next plane back to your favorite sharia hellhole . 
  yeah , he is especially refering to the refugees from sudan , nigeria , bangladesh and pakistan , fleeing those horrible horrible wars, 
  in the words of a kweitian official `` because it is not right to take in people who are different from them '' ... 
  lets make sure we forget how well that went in spain and repeat the same mistake over and over and over . 
  do you honesty think you can track military flights via an internet tracker ? 
  1 . look at a globe , not a map 2 . flight paths are not the most direct route , there are some international conventions and rules to follow when planning it 3 . they are leaving from crimea , not moscow, 
  so what happens if russia decides to violate bulgarian air space ? 
   benefits they get to a physical location so some get the benefits from germany and some from bulgaria ... yeah , that will work out fine  you deport them to the country where they are assigned to when they are found outside it who pays the cost related to the identification and deportation process ? 
  that assuming you can identify them at all ...  prosecute those who employ illegals how many prosecutions have your heard about in the 90 's and the 00 's in germany over employment of illegal eastern europeans ? 
  how many do you hear now over the employment of russians ? 
   do the math , is being in germany without support under the constant threat of being deported and losing everything you 've made for yourself there worse than living legally in poland with state assistance i am pretty sure that if you ask them the answer will be yes . 
  also based again on the history of the 90 's and 00 's the answer is , again , yes . 
  why is it that the time for unity and solidarity was n't during the greek crysis ? 
  just sayin ', 
  so how do you make them stay in the country they were distributed to ? 
  no answer to pointing out the positives of islam ? 
  no answer to books treating the renaissance mass migration ? 
  no answer to what happened to america 's natives ? 
  nope , just that this fits with the agenda . 
  do n't bother these people with details like that ... 
  also read the comment , i explained . 
  see , i have this problem about idiots presenting the migrants in the best possible light while not giving a shit about their own . 
  look at the fucking video . 
  she was hit from behind at least twice before she reacted and kicked back . 
  i am yet to hear of any muslim beaten in romania , but sure , whatever you say !, 
  first of all , i am going to reject the premise of your question . 
  i am not a xenophobe . 
  i have nothing against foreigners , even those choosing to come live as my neighbors . 
  second , i do n't hate immigrants . 
  i was one for a while . 
  i do however hate the idea of uncontrolled mass migration which is what is happening now . 
  uncontrolled migration is bad because : * it does n't come as a solution to a problem ( lack of workers in specific areas ) it is a problem in itself for social assistance , health and education systems which will become over-burdened in the following years . 
  * despite what you like to believe , we do n't actually have jobs or not as many as needed to cover the needs of what will be a few million people in a few years . 
  which means that even in countries with large social security endowment , the mass migrants will still be poor . 
  poverty leads to enclavisation . 
  poverty leads to crime . 
  more importantly poverty and high expectations leads to frustration . 
  that leads to mass revolts the likes we 've seen in paris in 2005 . 
  which will be 10-fold big because , unlike paris , it will have a strong religious content ( i will touch on that soon ) and there is simply more people involved .
