  hence the threat in the article . 
  your first phrase and your second phrase make no sense put together in the context of this article , 
  there used to be a time when brits would have laughed it off . 
  whatever the fuck happen to your sense of humor ? 
  see , more proof that going close to us changes nations for the worst, 
  well , it 's a situation which kind of demands condescension, 
  not as much puppets as you , for one very simple reason : we do it to gain something . 
  in romania 's case we do it to gain military contracts for the weaponry industry , support for our candidacy to join in nato and lately visa waivers and coverage of the anti-defense shield . 
  it 's a tit-for-tat . 
  you on the other hand had nothing to gain . 
  hey , brits , your master does n't want to lose it 's puppet inside eu and has started cracking her whip . 
  yes, 
  i am so looking forward to merkel explaining why turkey 's place is in the eu ... 
  better soundbite, 
   we look at them , and if they 're sick or if they 're injured and obviously ca n't go on the flight , then we take them to the doctor and have them examined and  and the scenes can turn ugly at the airport , as berlin lawyer oda jentsch knows . 
  `` there are a lot of cases where the deportation simply ca n't be carried out by force , '' said jentsch , who represents many asylum seekers . 
  `` there are cases when the airline has company guidelines that say they ca n't have people on board who did n't get on voluntarily . 
  and then there are cases where the person actively resists - they scream , they throw themselves to the floor , they wo n't let themselves be transported . 
  and that often means that the deportation ca n't happen . '', 
  how the hell did you know this is going to happen ? 
  you had exactly the same thing happening with the gypsies not that long ago . 
  to the point where they were mutilating and injuring themselves so they will delay the procedures . 
  do the german asylum authorities and the german police have a gold-fish memory that only spans 3 seconds ? 
  wan na know what 's going to happen next ? 
  the soon-to-be-deported will band together and you will see riots . 
  because they have nothing to lose ... and unlike the gypsies , who were maybe 20 at a time , these migrants in the thousands . 
  better stock up on toilet paper , dudes , 'cause shitty times are coming ... 
  i wonder of the german company that would not sell wire fences to hungary will do the same for austria . 
  so there 's another way to calculate contribution to the social security budget other than based on salary and deducting the costs associated ? 
  do tell !, 
  you are not going to get an increase in productivity . 
  nor will the demand for goods be significant or of the right nature to count as a positive economy . 
  1 . to get an apartment you need a shitload of money . 
  most migrants are unskilled or low skilled . 
  the chances for the first generation to qualify both in terms of loans and in terms of income for a new house are slim to none . 
  the demand will not be as great as you assume . 
  it will just generate an extra-pressure on the renting market and increase in costs there ... for everybody involved . 
  cars = i doubt they will rely on new cars ( income again ) . 
  i expect there will be a better absorption of 2nd and 3rd hand cars on the local market ( which now go towards eastern europe and russia ) . 
  best case scenario they will buy cheap dacia or skoda cars -  money going out from your economy ( at least this will stay in europe ) 3 . 
  food -  mostly will come from imports . 
  it will also create a further depression of the local food markets because of the needed influx of cheaper food . 
  this translate into bad things for the agriculture sector . 
  while this can be cushioned to some extend by the influx of cheap labour , what about the germans working currently in that field ? 
  where will they go ? 
  what about the current non-german occupants of those jobs ? 
  what will happen to them ? 
  that speaking about the moral implications 4 . 
  clothing -  every piece of clothing made in eu is at least half made in china . 
  that means a further imbalance in the import/export trade . 
  most of those money will leave eu . 
  so in the long term we are looking at a marginal increase in productivity . 
  but in the short ( and long ) term we are looking at accentuated trade imbalance and massive flow of money from the inside the eu economy to outside ( both for trade and simply put money sent out by the migrants to the country of origin ) . 
  it all comes down to math , and merkel & the leftist gang 's math is shit . 
  the facts are these : 1 . the majority of migrants come in are under-skilled by comparison with eu workers even for the skilled jobs they claim to have . 
  most are unskilled workers . 
  i think on average we can consider their net salary to be at least 1/3 lower than a native european simply because it 's skewed towards the lower salaries because most are unskilled workers . 
  this means low wages , low wages in turn means lower taxes & social contributions to pensions paid . 
  let 's call this x. 
  it takes at least 6 months for their application to be processed , the money for their maintenance will come from the social security budget . 
  yes , the same one where pensions come from . 
  so deduce that from their lifetime contribution to said fund after they get a job . 
  they will bring in dependents . 
  either by cultural specific ( a large portion of women are forbidden to work ) or by biology ( children ) . 
  deduct their lifetime contribution . 
  it takes at least 1 year to learn the language and for most to get skill levels up to par for the western labour market . 
  deduct the cost tutoring and living for that year from their lifetime contribution . 
  a fair number will not integrate but add to the `` perpetual '' unemployed or to the black market labor which does not generate taxes . 
  m4 the leftist theory says that migrants will be `` paying '' the pensions of an aging european population contribution . 
  the current average european contribution can not cover the current pension system needs . 
  please explain to me how the tax percentage of [ x - ( m1 + m2 + m3 + m4 ) ] will be able to be higher than the current average european contribution . 
  much higher if you take into account that the pension system will need more money than now . 
  calculate x for that to work . 
  now think how probable is for a migrant to be earning x. 
  mars ... 
  yep , stick you head in the ground . 
  i am pretty sure if you go just a little deeper you 'll will come up in australia . 
  so where do you think they went ? 
  of course they do . 
  they do n't stand a chance to be granted asylum . 
  they have disappeared into the vast illegal work system which exists in germany and everybody pretends it does n't . 
  potatoes should not be used for chips . 
  they should only be used to make the holy vodka ... 
  i am ok with that , but i really do n't see the reason why this has been turned into a continent-level therapy session . 
  not sure if you spend time on / r/romania but that is what this guy does over there as well ( among other things ) ... 
  he is also impervious to any kind of logical argumentation ... 
  lies , damn lies and more lies to top it off . 
  just like the source of the article ... you could almost think you were working for them  you also let out that gen. voinea was also investigated by kovesi and that the charges had nothing to do with this particular matter . 
  but hey a lie by omission is not a lie , right ? 
  yeah , actually , it is ... 
  i love you giving links to what your `` guys '' say about the guy investigating their boss . 
  because that is how impartiality looks like . 
  oh , and the `` political police '' claim is just adorable . 
  it 's not like is what every single one of the politicians who was ever convicted and under indictment claims , regardless of political color . 
  maybe there 's a third group there doing the politics that we are not aware of . 
  because that is why several foreign officials , including ambassadors , prosecutors , etc. 
  have shown their unmitigated support for kovesi and morar work ... because they are from countries who do n't have a local presence and investigative capabilities ( such as ... you know , usa , france and germany ) so they are totally un-aware those guys are involved in doing `` political police '' . 
  totally dude !, 
   they were unjustly made to pay 60,000 because they have shown irrefutable proof no , it 's because they claimed ( just like you did ) without a single shred of evidence other than word diarrhea that she intervened in the case . 
  you did exactly the same , you linked to some case and made a claim without the proof .
