  they claim they were not for isis but for al-nusra ... is n't it nice living in a world in which one nato member supplies weapons to the organisation that killed 3000 + of another nato member 's people ( 9/11 , as al-nusra = al-queda ), 
  one wonders how many brits would have stood up for a pair of gypsy girls ... 
  it 's anonymised . 
  i assume they are asking for it to be de-anonymized . 
   turkmen branch of al-nusra oh , well , ok then . 
  they are not isis , they are al-queda , they should totally be spared . 
  you do realize the kurds are at war with isis , right ? 
   did n't stop their terrorist citizens at their own airports they also do n't fund isis . 
  the european secret services do n't fund a terrorist organisation that has killed in the hundreds of thousands !, 
  lets be honest , turkey has closed it 's eyes to weapons shipments and supplies for isis for years . 
  same to local companies brokering isis oil from the black market . 
  so putin is not exactly wrong ... 
   i guess greece now has full right to shot down every turkish jet ? 
  no , only those who violate their air-space after repeated warnings . 
  so if the monetary union was stronger the refugees would have come in lesser numbers ? 
  yes , you should go to [ australia ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/eu-wont-adopt-australian-model-turning-back-immigrant-boats-314312 ) or [ singapore ] ( http://www.barenakedislam.com/2013/12/28/how-singapore-culls-its-muslim-population/ ) . 
  let 's see : 1 . the hq city of the eu , brussels has been under lockdown for the entire weekend ( still going on if i am not mistaken ) . 
  a satellite town if brussels is considered a hot-bed of terrorism , the paris attacks ( which totally did n't happen , smoke and mirrors ) were planned from there . 
  no less then 16 arrests were made , rocket launchers confiscated the other day from the same multi-cultural place . 
  4 . we see our freedoms taken away in an effort to fight / curb the actions of these pieces of shit who got so much leeway & got to build police no-go zones around them because `` multiculturalism '' and `` otherwise you are a racist bastard '' . 
  no reason to be afraid , everything is under control !, 
  ps : we attack opinions like yours because you choose , much like our left-leaning politicians , to utterly ignore reality even when reality sits up and hits them in their faces . 
  and they do so not because they have something to gain effectively , but because it makes them feel superior . 
  well , some of us do n't have the luxury to live in a made-up world . 
   the neighborhood was hardly multicultural . 
  rather , with roughly 80 percent of the population of moroccan origin , it was tragically conformist and homogenous . 
  welcome to reality !, 
  the multiculturalism that the hard-core leftists promote does n't really exist ... or rather , it exists solely in their minds . 
  for a very simple reason : the majority of humans prefer to group with those who are most similar to them . 
   when was the last time you have protested against terrorism after the charlie hebdo events . 
   because if you are not muslim nobody assumes that you support terrorism [ from here , some relevant quotes from the muslims ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/paris-muslims-complain-ostracism-terror-205650157.html )  `` it is different , because this time there was n't a gram of reason to it , '' said benamou . 
  `` they killed everything without knowing who their victims were . 
  just anybody . 
  just like that , wantonly , with no reason . 
  so of course we 're against that , 100 percent against , even 200 percent . '', 
   `` with charlie , we were n't for a massacre , but it is true that we were n't too sorry , '' said kader benamou , who was browsing at an islamic bookshop opposite the grand mosque . 
  that is your average muslim . 
  not for it , but not too sorry when it happens . 
  speaking of this , why do we expect europeans to be publicly against nazism , against racism , etc. 
   under the banner `` not in my name , '' hundreds gathered italy has one of the largest muslim population in europe . 
  `` hundreds '' protest against terrorism ... i guess the rest to millions `` do n't approve but are not too sorry '' as some guy said about the charlie hebdo a few days ago . 
  let 's ignore the part where migrants do n't want to go to the countries they are allocated to ... 
  well , they think it 's not to bad to kill some of us , why the hell should we feel bad about them ? 
  damn buddhists and their crusades !!!!, 
  til that ave maria written by schubert in 1850 's was used as a battle call for the crusades , the last of which was in 1450 's if i am not mistaken ( maybe there was one a little later ) . 
  do n't they teach you history at all in that celebrated education system of yours ? 
  how many buddhists blew themselves up in recent history while shouting ave maria ? 
  how many people of any religion blew themselves up and those around them in remembered history while yelling ave maria ? 
  when i read that i though : so in the same logic , we should also say `` we are n't for the extreme right torching a mosque , but it 's true we are n't not going to be too sorry '', 
  that is exactly the problem . 
  the radical imams do n't preach to 100 radicalized people . 
  they preach in mosques to thousands . 
  yet the majority do n't seem to be bothered by what they are saying . 
  has anybody ever hear of a muslim going to the police to complain about one of these radical imams ? 
  on the contrary , if one of them were to be arrested , they would go in the streets and yell islamophobia and a breach of religious freedom . 
  except he was n't muslim ... 
  do you want to know what eu does for companies caught buying petroleum from the black market ? 
  nothing !, 
  it does absolutely nothing . 
  as long as this goes on , there will be 0 incentive to stop buying . 
  do you want to know what happens to known smugglers ? 
  nothing !, 
  worst case scenario they get a fine . 
  usually they lawyer up and get away with it . 
  the circuit is also well known . 
  quatari and turkish brokerage companies buy from the black market and re-sell it through incorporated companies to , among others , bp and shell . 
  everybody knows where it comes from . 
  so instead of doing precisely shit , how would it be that eu starts an investigation into the oil imports . 
  how would it be if instead of fines , they threw terrorism charges at the dealers . 
  but no , they are complicit because black market oil keeps the price down . 
  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2015-11-19/most-important-question-about-isis-nobody-asking https://www.chathamhouse.org/expert/comment/15203 http://oilprice.com/energy/crude-oil/who-is-buying-the-islamic-states-illegal-oil.html http://www.wsj.com/articles/islamic-state-funds-push-into-syria-and-iraq-with-labyrinthine-oil-smuggling-operation-1410826325 or you could just shove your head deep inside your ass and pretend it 's not true !, 
  you know , like the eu officials are doing oh , and btw , countries themselves do n't buy oil , unless a small quantity for the strategic reserve . 
  companies buy oil . 
  oh , do we need oil from an organisations that [ shoots children from the back in cold blood ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/07/02/isis-executioners-spare-no-one-killing-74-children-for-crimes-including-not/ ) ? 
  are we running so low on the thing and they are the last source of it ? 
  do tell !, 
  feels like they go round and round and round , like the energizer bunny of insanity, 
  so we do n't stop the oil , but we stop bitcoin ... we do n't look into how badly the `` intelligence '' community really performs , but we continue to give them more and more power . 
  have these people gone completely round the bend ?? 
  thank you . 
  [ serious question ] can somebody explain to me why would cyclists abuse the guy who made something for them ? 
  i love that this is tagged `` news '' ... 
  for the same reason why quatar and saudi arabia are not cutting off the financing lines . 
  so how do you open a business in albania ? 
   not to `` backtrack '' on pledges made to host migrants and refugees interesting how hosting refugees turned into hosting migrants and refugees . 
  replace that with `` your prophet '' jokes and ... 
  the `` hug a jihaidi '' theory . 
  just lie down and accept that from time to time some of us will die at the hands of cold blooded adults who made a distinct choice to kill . 
  we just did n't hug them long enough ... had we done so , we would see that eventually rainbows start sprouting out of their asses . 
  pc = political correctness . 
  somehow i do n't think you knew that ... 
   people should be tried in a state of peace . 
  we are not at peace . 
  these are not your average law-breakers , they are enemy combatants . 
  different rules apply . 
  yep , we should allow them to kill more because humanity and if we do n't and we stand in the way of their religious rights we are racist bastards . 
  this guy is like the donald trump of the left , but less fun ... 
  so basically we ignore half the heads of the hydra and hope it will just die out ? 
  you miss-read point b. i was mocking the pc crowd and their theories . 
  can i start a religion which states that all other religions are shit ?
