  they do n't have any papers and when they do , they have syrian papers because they heard that mama merkel told them syrians will get asylum in germany no questions asked . 
  does n't matter what she said , this is what they heard and perception is reality . 
   also those articles mean very little , and you know that no , i do n't know that . 
  in fact , i think what you just said is dumb . 
  those are glimpses of reality . 
  those are proof that your statement that once treated well , they will sit still . 
  which is a load of crap that has been copiously disproved by reality . 
  they do n't want to stay in france ( do you know where calais is ? 
  do you know what 's happening there ? 
  ) , they do n't want to stay in spain , they do n't want to stay in italy , they do n't want to stay in greece , they do n't want to stay in finland or denmark , they do n't want to stay in austria . 
  it 's not something i 've made up . 
  watch the news !, 
  you 've been insisting they mean nothing because they do n't fit with this wonderful image you 've built in your head based on ... what exactly ? 
  the quote that you gave me tells me you do n't actually understand what you read . 
  the way our internal budget is structured means exactly nothing and proves exactly nothing in the game of `` what have you done for me '' . 
   does not have the administrative capacities to spend all the money they receive from the eu did you know that for eastern european countries there is a different project documentation standard ? 
  did you know that the number of projects being rejected is 5 times as high than in the smallest western countries like portugal ? 
  did you know that total number of required individual papers ( whatever they are , affidavits , statements , approvals , etc ) is twice as high for eastern countries than for western ? 
  it 's not that we do n't have the people to spend the funds , it 's that we only get those funds on paper while having to go through impossible hoops to get access them . 
  fact is eu benefited more from romania and bulgaria and poland and croatia becoming part of the union than we 've benefited from it in netto . 
  do you want me to remind you how we are treated as workers and skilled workers by various officials from western countries ? 
  not only us , but how the polish were treated in the 2000s ? 
  we are talking about your countries gaining new markets . 
  and yet after being treated like shit by officials , the media and the people alike , we see this amorphous group of people that come in with a cultural baggage incompatible with anything remotely civilized , and yet they are treated like the second fucking coming !, 
  so now being bullied and threatened to take an even higher burden than we 've already carried is n't exactly welcomed . 
  so in theory , if eu intervenes we might see europeans killing russians in syria and the other way around . 
  [ this is saudi arabia , our partners in peace ] ( https://youtu.be/k30moebdsww?t=40s ), 
   generous amount of the ` scrutiny ' will be bigotry give me a few examples , pls, 
  you are starting to sound like a character in ionesco 's plays . 
  you said something ( stupid imo ) , i reacted to that , you asked me why i chose what you said , i reacted to that , now you come back and say something totally un-related ... either i am tired or you need to start making a lot more sense, 
  so essentially eu has decided to pretty much fuck serbia ... 
   why ca n't all eu countries just have the same fucking quota ? 
  this is what you said above . 
  i was reacting to that . 
  so you are going to send the same number of migrants to a dirt poor country as to germany ? 
  as for why are the people hurt , there is a far better question : once they get to their allotted place , how do you make them stay put ? 
  it 's being largely discussed here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3l0p88/germany_backs_cutting_eu_funds_to_states_that/cv26ch3, 
   generous welcome they received when they rejoined the ranks of western liberal democracies the welcome was so generous that it took 4 to 6 years for the labor market restrictions to be lifted for us after we were finally allowed into the eu . 
   same eastern countries now contributed to the unraveling of european unity , just when it is so desperately needed . 
  the ny times was one of the us media outlets who where shitting left , right and center on the german handling the greece soverain debt crisis and blamed them for the destruction of europe . 
  now it 's the eastern europeans who are destroying europe . 
  i am starting a poll , who will be the next to be blamed for the destruction of europe ? 
  i am calling dibs on uk . 
  she then started to ask her assistant where the hell is her pet unicorn ... 
  dude , setting a minimum social benefit at eu levels , even if paid by eu , would kill our economy ( from the czech republic walking east ) . 
  most white collar jobs do n't make here the guaranteed income level set for germany . 
  hell , i 'd take that and just sit back and relax . 
  the wage gap ties into the story like this : unless you propose for the migrants to just live on welfare for the rest of their lives , at some point they will have to get jobs . 
  blue collar job in germany paies about 5 times more than the same job in romania . 
  how do you solve that problem ? 
   by making sure they have no reason to move . 
  i keep repeating myself . 
  dont act like it 's impossible before even trying it . 
  dude , i 've already explained it a few times . 
  it 's a long income problem , not the short term financial support . 
  how are you going to insure that once they are hired to do a blue collar job for instance they will make as much money in romania as they are making in germany ? 
   we helped out these eastern european nations when they needed it do tell me more about that . 
  because from this side it looked like this . 
  first we were forced to increase all our prices because that is what the eu was asking , especially for gas , electricity and natural gas . 
  that raised the all the prices to pretty much the same levels as in the west , while the salaries remained at 20-50 % at best . 
  the reasoning is that the price point for those are supposed to be more-or-less equal or it would be unfair advantage for the eastern businesses . 
  that was prior to becoming part of the eu . 
  after that , we have to contribute to the eu budget while getting less than 1 in 30 projects approved . 
  romania is in fact net contributor to eu budget . 
  we became part of the eu in 2007 , the labour market in netherlands opened for us in 2012 . 
  incidentally , the official statement in 2011 from your beloved country was that allowing romanian workers on your labor market will increase the local unemployment levels . 
  for most of europe the restrictions for us were lifted in 2014 . 
  currently , even for white collar jobs , romanians and bulgarians get paid up to 20 % less than the locals while paying the same taxes and same local prices where they live as the locals . 
  to add insult to injury , recently the chancellor of austria said children of romanian couples working in austria should not receive the same benefits as austrian children . 
  that despite the fact that their parents work and pay taxes in austria at austria 's levels . 
  who is this guy , you ask ... it 's the same guy who is now accusing the hungarians of being nazis . 
  your beloved country is one of those opposing our entrance into schengen even though we 've had the technical criteria fulfilled since 2 years ago . 
  this is costing romanian businesses millions every year in lost profit . 
  but i am sure you know of the multitude of ways you guys helped us . 
  seriously , tell me them . 
   can you blame them after they 've been welcomed by the military ? 
  hungay didnt show its best face , at all are you on the same planet as i am ? 
  they are not coming in just through hungary . 
  were they welcomed by the military in france and spain ? 
  in italy ? 
  in greece ? 
  i am sure you are aware of the fact they are not just coming in through hungary , right ? 
  look at that link i gave you . 
  are they being welcomed by the military in sweden ? 
  in denmark ? 
  in austria ? 
  'cause they do n't want to stay there either . 
  i think merkel was more affected by that shit with the migrant girl crying and the bleeding-heart leftists reactions than she wants to admit . 
  speaking of , can somebody find what she said then and play it against what she is saying now ? 
  because seriously , it sounds like multiple personality disorder to me ... 
  yeah , everything is shits and giggles until somebody giggles and shits ... 
  i will hold my breath until you open your borders, 
  key concept here ** asylum seekers ** . 
  by all estimates , only about half the people in this wave are refugees therefore have a chance to get legal asylum . 
  the rest are economic migrants . 
  those know for sure once processed they will be sent back . 
   after some years and fulfilling all requirements they could go to sweden they do n't want to wait . 
  to give you an example : they rioted on kos because the boat taking them out was 1 hour late . 
  how do you think they 'll handle a 5 years wait ? 
  remember the gypsy before 2014 ?
