  more here : http://www.biometric-solutions.com/solutions/index.php?story=face_recognition, 
  you 're young and you probably do n't know . 
  they did this before in the 90s to denmark . 
  they were claiming to be ethiopian or rwandese refugees if i remember correctly . 
  some actually got accepted ... do you mean you want to keep them in camps , you nazi bastard ... / s, 
  yes , that is exactly , but ** exactly ** what i said ... 
  i was visiting my granma during the past weekend . 
  on her street there are a couple of gypsy families . 
  one of the youngster very proudly showed me his syrian passport and asked me if i want one . 
  he can provide one in 48hrs for 100 euro ( it was a family & friends price ) . 
  it was a true work of art : slightly used , already had some 4-year old tourist visas from neighboring countries . 
  he did n't let me take a picture of it though , i would have posted it here . 
  ok , can we have those supplies distributed sent to ukraine ? 
  i am sure they will not care if it 's halal or not ... 
  i am totally ok with that ruling , it 's absolutely fair . 
  6 months is plenty of time to get a new job if that is what you want . 
  if you just want to lay about on welfare , said country should have the right to kick you out . 
  incidentally , do you know who hate those who go solely to be welfare leaches more than the natives of that country ? 
  it 's the other foreign workers who work their butts off in said country !, 
   st p\u00f6lten well , they do n't have to tavel to vienna for work every day . 
  i fondly remember st. polten for some reason , i was there for one full month ... on the other hand , i was quite drunk for a big part of that time . 
  the ones who are forcing the quotas down our throats, 
  denmark and uk used their opt-outs in the matter  ... just sayin ', 
  it 's not . 
  in fact , there is no law that links eu funding to anything else than the quality of the projects submitted and the money each country is allotted . 
  more so , the level of allotment has already been established for the next financial exercise ( i think it 's 5 years ) . 
  the allotment is defined by taking into account the countries population and previous performance in claiming the funds . 
   they 're placed in poland & decide to come to the uk how do you know they were placed in poland ? 
  who says they want to work legally ? 
  for some reason you work under the assumption they can only get work legally . 
  you also work under the assumption the original location will be easily identified . 
  in fact , it will happen more like this : i , migrant , land in greece and i am re-distributed to bulgaria . 
  my goal was germany . 
  i am sent to a refugee center . 
  i burn my own fingerprints off to make registration more difficult . 
  i can refuse the fill out the papers and/or sign them . 
  i do n't have any identification papers with me . 
  they forcefully take my picture and fill out a scratchy paperwork , including a dna profile . 
  i receive asylum in bulgaria and whatever welfare they have . 
  one night , i run away from the camp , throw away my papers , catch the first train to germany . 
  once there , one in 2 things will happen : either ( most likely ) i will find work illegally ( as it has been done before , my family / friends / community in germany will help ) or i get caught . 
  let 's say i get caught . 
  once again , i refuse to identify myself . 
  they do the dna profiling . 
  what do they compare it with ? 
  how do the germans know where i am coming from to return me there ? 
  meanwhile , i get the same kind of help as refugees that were distributed to germany and awaiting processing . 
  if they can identify me , they will return me to bulgaria . 
  then i can start this all over again . 
  what happened if they can not identify me though ? 
  who pays for the processing / hosting while i am processed in germany ? 
  who pays for the return to the original country i was directed at . 
  so you are going to force private businesses to hire migrants at the same salary they would get for similar jobs in germany ? 
  while being ok to paying the locals the equivalent of a shit-on-a-stick ? 
  it gives this fine example of british media a chance to say nazi a few times ... 
  i am yet to hear of a single proposal coming from the mouth of a german or eu official as to how are you going to get the migrants to stay put in the country they were sent to . 
  how exactly does that count a mocking the dead kid ? 
  i do n't see the bank of vatican stepping in with emergency funds . 
  does he feel adding more evil money to the mix will be bad ? 
  i 'd look at the smaller european cities and not at the capitals . 
  it 's been my experience that people / neighbours tend to be more friendly and open . 
  the life is also simpler and feels less rushed . 
  here are a few great places : 1 . 
  grosseto 16 . 
  yes , there are . 
  but those are not storming into europe . 
  the very first word of your comment ... 
  actually , charlie hebdo makes fun of everything . 
  absolutely everything . 
  do n't you find it a highly hypocritical to be all outraged about this but totally ok with the others ? 
  or does freedom of speech only applies until you get personally offended ? 
  and yet you are yelling at the hungarians for not stopping the migrants and not following the dublin ii protocol , at the same time you are yelling at the hungarians for stopping the migrants and trying to register them thus following the dubin ii protocol . 
  yes , that 's not hypocritical at all !, 
  and speaking of eu law , i give . 
  educate me !, 
  show me the laws that state an illegal migrant has the right to just roam around europe . 
  no , the difference is you are not even trying to stop or register them . 
  so far you 've just been letting them pass towards germany . 
  less hypocrisy if you please !, 
  the main country who will be against a eu army is us , followed closely by their european colony , uk . 
  imagine imposing the same kind of benefits that a migrant gets in germany on a country like bulgaria and romania , where 20-30 % of the population lives under the poverty line . 
   returned back to their country of origin you ca n't because of dublin ii and the refugee agreements eu is part of . 
  they do n't have papers or if they do , it 's syrian so that 's a conflict country , you can not return them there . 
  i love it how it 's ok and presented in a neutral light when austria does this , but not ok and presented as nazis when the eastern countries do this ... fuck the hypocrisy !, 
  ok , lets go back to reality for a moment : 1 . the migrants do n't want to be registered in any other country than germany/sweden , to the point where they burn out their fingerprints . 
  [ source ] ( https://news.vice.com/article/through-hell-and-hungary-riding-the-rails-with-refugees-in-budapest ) , [ source ] ( http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/features/5692620/refugee-burns-fingerprints-off-in-bid-to-get-to-uk.html ) and [ source ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3593895.stm ) . 
  they actively fight the police when trying to do so . 
  can the police force them and hold them down for fingerprinting ? 
  how fast do you think we 'll see news of the police brutalizing poor refugees if they do that ? 
  remember the way bcc showed the story with the guy who thew his family on the railtracks ? 
  that !, 
  3 . they do n't want to be taken to camps . 
  somehow i doubt that if the camps were looking better they would want to go there . 
  they run away from camps in italy , spain which are better . 
  they run away from houses and jobs in poland . 
  they run away from camps , swarm the police guarding , go under the fences , occupy trains , fight when somebody tries to take them down from the train . 
  how should the hungarian police handle this ? 
  sleeping gas for all ? 
  let 's say hungary sets up border checks like germany does ( which they have already been blamed of doing , but hey , what 's ok for germany is not ok for the slave countries , right ? ) . 
  for the most part , the refugees do n't have papers or they have syrian id 's even when it 's obvious they are not syrian .
