  how many of the migrants have it degrees ? 
  the second largest groups of jobs are in retail , where the income is just a little above the minimum income in that country . 
  that usually means that on a single salary you can hardly make ends meet . 
  the third largest group is in manufacturing . 
  same salary situation as retail , even more drastic language requirements . 
  if in it firms you will find enough english speakers to be able to go about and do your job , in retail and manufacturing you do n't . 
  the fourth group is medical professions . 
  how many migrants do you think went to 5 + years of medical school , 3 + residency , 2 + fellowship ? 
  if we are to take into account syrians only , we , in romania , had a lot of them come to study here because the medical schools in syria were severely under-standard . 
  we have young europeans who do n't follow through the medical profession because the school in itself is expensive and the 3 +2 years the follow you do n't make enough money to make a living . 
  there are plenty of young europeans who do n't find enough budget-funded study slots for nursing schools . 
  so they get absorbed into other fields or go into the mass of unskilled workers that populate the western construction yards . 
  maybe i am being bias here , but i think if we allocated more money towards educating our own youths instead of schooling migrants , we would be better off . 
  the reason why groups 2 and 3 do n't find workers is because the pay is abysmally low , not because there is a shortage of workers . 
  so people would rather stay home on guaranteed income rather than go to work who knows where . 
  the most dire mistake in said article is that it does not take into account the fact that eastern european countries generally do n't track people who never held an employment contract or those who are out of the welfare payments period . 
  those are simply not taken into account into this article . 
  we have , in average , between 10 to 25 % of the european population living under the poverty line , half that under the absolute poverty line . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11821822/germany-drops-eu-rules-to-allow-in-syrian-refugees.html http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/germany-suspends-dublin-agreement-syrian-refugees-317065 http://www.dw.com/en/germany-suspends-dublin-rules-for-syrians/a-18671698, 
  thank you !, 
  or i could ask the guy , maybe he already has it . 
  they won in the sense that they got their frozen conflict , they got crimea , they de-facto run half of ukraine . 
  those facts you so dearly mentioned are based on a picture taken from an un-named video . 
  so no , those are not facts either . 
  i would be very interested to know the average time a person spends on welfare ( as in they receive it for how many months ) in each group . 
  why ? 
  afraid your delusions might shatter ? 
  sure it does . 
  do you really need to feel superior sweetheart ? 
  you 're really out of luck then , there will be plenty who will shoot your bullshit down . 
  ignoring the evidence will just make us laugh at you harder, 
  hungary was still allowing people to pass en-masse for nearly a week after the damn thing went up . 
  look at the news , look at the date when they said anybody who will try to cross illegally will be arrested . 
  what i saw was :  every single refugee interviewed an ama is not an interview , 
  well , some good news at least , though i have a feeling that is not because they are giving up but that , with the current cluster fuck in europe , they have , de facto , won . 
  it supports points 1 & 2 . want me to give you merkel unilaterally supending dublin iii ? 
  1 guy in what , hundreds of interviews ? 
  now who 's forcing relevancy ? 
  it did n't cease . 
  the western media , which has the attention capacity of a gold fish on speed , is just not covering it anymore . 
  actually he got it perfectly correct . 
  do you want me to give you supporting evidence in the form of quotes ? 
  here is mr. gabriel himself saying germany can take in 500,000 people/year for several years : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/08/germany-500000-refugees-a-year-clashes-lesbos, 
  every single refugee interviewed in the past 2 weeks has said virtually the same thing . 
  [ allow me to introduce to you , mr. sigmar gabriel , depicted in the picture above , bragging how germany can take in 500,000 / year , for several years to come ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/08/germany-500000-refugees-a-year-clashes-lesbos ) . 
  my apologies , i miss-remembered it as not 800,000 . 
  so why is he now threatening other countries for not taking in 160,000 when germany can easily take in all ? 
  same day , few hours difference, 
  you know that , most of europe does n't know that and let me assure you that virtually no migrant knows that . 
  they expect something like 200/week , etc. 
  thing is how do you solve a problem like the salary gap ? 
  they were still letting them pass en-mass until the 8th . 
  on the 9th austria closed it 's borders, 
  by 1 day . 
  what do you think austria would have done if faced with this mass of migrants ? 
  i 've posted a link someplace with a bbc interview from back when eurodac was instated in 2005 ( ? ), 
  already then they were burning off their prints . 
  i am ready to bet they are being coached now to do the same so the number is significantly higher . 
  so it 's not just the sun and vice , it 's also bbc , it 's also cnn it 's also eu officials that admit that . 
  the assumption of the eastern countries is that we can just let them pass to where they really want to go . 
  the fact is , hungary is doing germany and austria an immense favor upholding the law . 
  germany and austria , in return , shit on them . 
  do you think these migrants would be more pleasant if they reach a closed austrian border ? 
  will they not assault that as well ? 
  do you think the media would also dare to present the austrians as evil bastards if the border police used water cannons to spread them out ? 
  because they have said so in pretty much every single interview ever taken of a migrant . 
  because they carry banners and chant merkel and germany . 
  because they only board trains going to germany , not to france or other countries . 
   right now they want to got to germany because we giving them food , housing and some money that is factually false . 
  france , belgium , the northern countries , poland also give them food , housing and money . 
  half of europe gives them food , housing and money , but they do n't want 100 euro / month they want 1000 euro/month . 
  they do n't want to end up in a country where the average salary is 400 they want in a country where the average is 2000 + . 
  they want in a country which has an abysmal record in detecting fraudulent asylum requests ( compare your numbers to france 's for instance ) . 
  and those differences you can not fix . 
  the stupidity of german leaders knows no limits . 
  neither does their arrogance and incompetence . 
  the migrants do n't want to go to another country . 
  they simply do not . 
  this thing with `` oh , but wait , if we give them 1000 euro/month for 6 months they will be ok with it '' is a fucking lie and it is factually disproved by reality . 
  as a country which receives people who desperately do n't want to be there , what do you do ? 
  keep them locked up ? 
  why ? 
  under what law ? 
  the eastern countries do n't want them in because they : * do n't have the capacity to take them . 
  simply put , they do n't have buildings setup to receive thousands of refugees . 
  if they were to put them in camps while stuff is being built it will take months , plus who 's going to pay for that ? 
  eu sometime down the line if you follow all the eu funding rules ? 
  that will push the term to build a refugee center from 4-5 months to several years . 
  from the national budgets ? 
  most of us can not afford to take care of our own people . 
  * can not afford the long-term upkeep . 
  even if you pay some money for several months or even years , there simply are not enough jobs for their own people , never-mind thousands of migrants and their families for them to live and prosper here . 
  germany was bragging about having the capacity to take in 800,000 people and now they are shitting themselves and closing down the borders after not even 100,000 ? 
  how is that not hypocrisy ? 
  they just found out they do n't actually have the room ? 
  now , in the last week ? 
  how is that not incompetence ? 
  speaking of solidarity and humanity , i seem to remember a speech by the same guy in response to holland 's request for solidarity with greece . 
  it was along the lines of `` but we can not keep this up for ever '' . 
  what exactly changed ?
