  eg : timoleon jimenez is the leader of farc , a terrorist organisation funded by drug trafficking . 
  need i add `` alfred nobel prize '' ? 
  ( how cool would that be though ! ), 
  what you need to understand is that we are basically in an election year ( well , the year is november 2016 but de-facto here the whoring starts from the middle of the previous year ) . 
  in an election year , the romanian budget is oprah 's ultimate car giveaway but with money : you get 1 billion , you get 1 billion ... everybody gets 1 billion . 
  the only ones who do n't get anything are the ones who would use it for pointless things like road infrastructure and the likes . 
  at similar level than a ez country would get from the european bank . 
  however , despite it 's name , this is not a loan . 
  this is a handout . 
  we do n't ever expect to see it back . 
  as such , we could put a 50 % interest rate , it would amount to the same shit : 50 % of 0 is still 0 . 
  see , the romanian - moldovan relations work like this : from time to time , we `` loan '' them money so they do n't end up liking the russians more . 
  the more loans we give , the more the population likes the russians . 
  yes , it does n't make sense to me either . 
  aaa , ok , so there are different terms then . 
  thank you !, 
  there are very specific parameters of being considered a refugee . 
  economic migration does n't fit the bill . 
  yet this article speaks of albanian refugees which i find very odd . 
  actually , i just showed you the other side of the story and you dismissed it . 
  there are dozens of articles like the one from vice about the refugees ... so just because you choose to ignore the other side it does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  trouble is from the numbers i saw recently only about 7 % get deported after being denied asylum . 
  trying to find the source now, 
  it 's adorable that you ask not to make sweeping generalizations while making sweeping generalizations about news covering the other side of the story and about this subreddit . 
  no , do n't worry , that 's not hypocritical at all . 
  the second article is actually an interpretation / dilution of the article from the previous day, 
   the only victims of the refugee crisis are and will be the refugees themselves except when they fuck up my family 's possessions in kos ... just because they can . 
  or is that also a second-hand source ? 
  oh , and about the mentioned events : they were covered by all the major german outlets , so stop throwing shit . 
  so other than an objection to the person himself , can you point out what from what he said to be false ? 
  why are albanians considered refugees ? 
  i just find it hilarious that you guys always use the human , personal approach until the human personal approach contradicts the narrative you want to impose . 
  like that of a police woman complaining about male migrants or of christian families telling they are afraid for their lives in shelters . 
  or like that of inhabitants of town in lesvos or kos or the inhabitants of calais or calden . 
  once somebody mentions those , you start yelling and asking for relevant statistical data . 
  once some magazine presents that it immediately becomes a reactionary rag . 
  do you want to know what i have n't seen in vice , the non-reactionary rag ? 
  any opinions from the locals in the mentions locales . 
  do n't those matter ? 
  how safe do you think the lgbt or the jewish population of europe feels right now , seeing both the influx of people coming from culture that glorifies their killing + the rise of the extreme right as a reaction to mindless leftist migration policies ? 
  do n't those matter too ? 
  oh , so why stop at local ngos ? 
  why not go directly in the camps in turkey ... you know , where the real refugees can be found !, 
  and why stop at the syrians ? 
  is that the only civil war going on right now ? 
  but yeah , racism and shit because if you point out the obvious flaws of the mindless welcome refugees or the lie of it you are automatically racists, 
   for every aggressive refugee there will be 10 success stories see , this is funny mostly because i 've heard the same line before while being supported by 0 evidence . 
  aka : you have no idea how large the minority of aggressive actually is . 
  1 in 10 sounds good , but what if it 's 1 in 2 ? 
  that would be the equivalent of closing down google news spain , 
  migrants fighting each other in the streets , migrants fighting with the police , muslim migrants bullying christian migrants in the centers , increase rape & abuse of women in the refugees centers are also real life . 
  yet when they are mentioned , the bleeding hearts start yelling , alternatively : `` but this is just a minority '' and `` you are cherry picking cases '' ... 
  wow , where to begin ... first , the title , til that a supposedly fair justice system has something to learn from an authoritarian state where the decisions are pre-written and the trials are shams . 
   google gives away its operating system , which is why it dominates the market : in the three months that ended in june , 82.8 percent of all smartphones sold ran android . 
  google gets revenue from android phones by getting users to use google services and see google ads . 
  google shares ad revenue with some of the bigger manufacturers to sweeten the pill . 
  so google gives something it developed and maintains for free , in fact it gives some money back from what it makes , and in return wants to make money . 
  evil , evil incarnate !, 
   in europe , google is a monopoly . 
  it has more than 90 percent of the search market in most member countries , so the attention from antitrust regulators makes sense . 
  in russia , google 's search share is just 32 percent . 
  yandex , the russian search engine ( which preceded google by a year or so ) has 57 percent . 
  the title makes so much more sense now seeing how the 2 situations are totally comparable / s the russian decision is a protectionist decision because while google searches are harder to control , yandex belongs to people from putin 's inner circle . 
  secondly , why the authoritarian russian state can not access personal data collected by google , they can do so freely from yandex . 
  so do tell , what is europe supposed to learn from that ? 
   the russian case , however , is bad news for google in europe . 
  the company needs to change its global contracts to the model required by fas , otherwise the financial penalties will be heavier once the eu bureaucratic machinery finally gets into gear and produces formal charges . 
  so let me get this straight : google needs to change it 's contract to what the russians want or the eu will impose heavier financial penalties ? 
  how does that make any sense ??? 
  first of all , in political doctrine terms , there is no such thing as europe . 
  a liberal in france is so different from a liberal in germany , from a liberal in sweden and from a liberal in romania they could just as well be absolutely different parties . 
  in terms of economical intervention western europe ( as i assume that is what they glorify ) has gone completely round the bend . 
  on one hand , the severe economical regulations of business totally stifle innovation . 
  this is why you will not see a disruptive model such as airbnb or ubiquity networks start-up in europe . 
  you will never see a google start here . 
  you will never see a facebook . 
  if it 's slightly controversial in terms of data protection for instance , in europe it would be immediately shut down ( highly hypocritical if you ask me ) . 
  this is why , despite having the funds to do so ( eu funds for innovation and small businesses ) there are hardly any successful start-ups coming from europe . 
  the severe regulation of the labor market in addition to the political power of the unions does not allow larger companies to be limber enough to compete or to change business models in a fast changing economy . 
  on the other hand , the healthcare model in terms of accessibility needs to be regarded as worlds over what us has right now . 
  however , you have canada closer that you could emulate and that 's actually better . 
  in terms of social policies , america could benefit from being a bit more european , but no 100 % european . 
  in fact , you should be more central european which seem now to be in a sweet-spot between regulation and social protection ( at least from an outside pov ) . 
  again , western europe here has gone round the bend and are quite stunned that eastern europeans and middle eastern and africans take advantage of that . 
  the idea of pre-teens killing themselves over possessions scares the hell out of me . 
  it 's not really the same thing as in invitation . 
  can somebody explain to me how can you determine that a 10-14 year old has commited suicide over economical matters ? 
  especially in such large numbers that it can constitute a statistics ? 
   interesting ... even in urban areas ? 
  there was a time in the '80s when people were growing chicken on their balconies and building top-side . 
  it was forbidden , but people were that hungry . 
  if you did n't have a relative or parents living in a rural area or who had a back yard you could see meat maybe twice a year . 
  may ? 
  as it she has a grip on it now ? 
  let 's see : 1 . ignores the pleas for help from greece and cyprus over the refugees influx for nearly a year . 
  2 . ignores the please for financial assistance from marocco , jordan and the warnings from turkey 2 . drags her feet on opening discussions with the other countries over dealing with the budding crisis 3 . lets her mouth and emotions run away with a veiled invitation which doubles the number of people starting towards europe . 
  meanwhile her cronies speak of germany being able to accept half a million people/year for several years to come . 
  4 . ignores or dismisses outright what so far seem to be justified fears of a part of the population over the number of migrants 5 . suspends dublin iii unilaterally , then starts scolding hungary for doing the same and allowing migrants to pass through their territory . 
  scolds hungary again for not letting the migrants pass through their territory . 
  suspends schengen and reintroduces border checks over the large number migrants , unforeseen for her , foreseen by pretty much everybody else 7 .
