  yep , we should totally just take everybody who wants to come . 
  the more the merrier , right ? 
  so why exactly are we talking about re-settling from kenya , india , pakistan , nepal , uganda or bangladesh ? 
  these are deemed safe countries . 
  the whole point of the refugee program is that they are running from war not that they are running from a crappy life . 
   that there are hundred thousands of refugees who would be very happy to get resettled to romania and other `` poor '' countries . 
  nope , i am pretty sure there are n't . 
  in fact , several have claimed they would rather go back to syria or turkey than come to romania . 
  those who do come here will be out within 48 hours making their way towards germany . 
  it 's nice to have official confirmation from a governmental body . 
  it will be so sweet linking this in future conversations , 
  i though i read someplace she was under aged . 
  ok , point made, 
  she was a minor and as far as i know , uk is the a `` statutory rape '' country . 
  look that up ... 
  i 'd like to see if non-saudi rapists can get away with the same explanation in front of the same judge, 
  the reason i asked was because i was wondering if she was referring to eastern european migration , to middle eastern migration and integration or to migration in general . 
  consider it ignored ... 
  we can do that now except we do n't have it ... 
  even the ones from last year ? 
  i know she said this in the past so i would love to know the context around the other occasions . 
  ... and to think people were laughing at trump for his idea to ban young people from the internet . 
  essentially , eu politicos are little , less successful trumps . 
  til luxemburg has an army . 
  what is it , 5 guys and a humvee ? 
  is n't that what a church should be ? 
  popular support of putin is in the 80 % so ... yeah , totally , dude !, 
  that is 0.025 % too much . 
  why do n't you pay directly from your taxes towards the church so the rest of us do n't have to pay for it ? 
  or pay an annual tax as it happens in germany . 
  let 's see how christians are you then . 
  considering that the church still demands service fees which are random , different from church to church , and they demand them to the point where they refuse to perform the burial rights if you do n't pay up or where they administer municipal cemeteries and refuse to sell you a slot if you are not part of the orthodox church . 
  incidentally , you seem to forget that out of those 17.1 m about 1/3 are children who have no say into their own baptism . 
  you also conveniently forget the tax exemptions the church gets . 
  so bullshit !, 
  yeah , why not spend more money on churches . 
  it 's not like there 's a limit to the national budget or anything ... 
  institutionalized muslim extremism with us&eu backing . 
  see how they got control over the un human rights commission with uk 's complicity . 
  this is a country which plans to crucify a 17yo for speaking against the government . 
  yes , 10 times worst because unlike isis there is no chance of stopping these pieces of shit . 
  yes , god forbid we say anything bad about a country which is 10 times worse than isis ... 
  unless this guy is literally victor orban there 's really no connection to be made here . 
  plus , he did in fact placed a bomb which makes him de-facto terrorist . 
  al-nusra and most of the kurdish organisations also declared themselves as jihadists . 
  so technically the sun is correct , regarless of the side they went to fight for ( be real , do you honestly think they went there for the kurds ? ), 
  so how complicated do you think is a nail-bomb to make ( for example ) ? 
  reading these ... sometimes i wonder how did our species end up at the top of the food chain ... 
  give it a week to run out of stuff to ban ... 
  oddly enough , there 's no talks about resettling from jordan or any type of financial support for jordan , which is a significantly poorer country and got almost the same number of people in the camps . 
  i guess that 's what you get when you do n't blackmail germany that you will close down the camps and open the borders like erdogan did . 
  actually , the linguistic transfer was from the sweet confection to the human byproduct not the other way around , aka : the sweet came first . 
  we have lots of weird transfers in romanian , like , for instance , an agriculture implement came to signify penis , a wood remain became human genital hair ( yes , most are related to genitalia and sex ) . 
  are there many turkish nationals working in russia ? 
  the reason i ask is that i saw many russians working in tourism in turkey so i wonder if a reverse ban would not hurt russia more than it hurts turkey ... 
  all of them turkish words , lol, 
  yep , that 's what made me think of it ... except that was not state mandated ... 
  i am starting to think the next ban will be `` from now on , turkish delight will be called just delight '' . 
  yeah , it 's full of civilians in isis controlled areas ... 
  for trying to kill off the terrorists turkey has been actively supplying to ? 
  i say more power to them . 
  if it were after me turkey should be kicked out of nato . 
  because the irish terrorists do n't claim to speak in the name of christians everywhere and they do n't ask polish catolics to kill polish police in the name of n. ireland, 
  dude , this story is posted here every month or so . 
  there are 0 updates given to it every time . 
  every time the same click bait title . 
  its the exactly the same text every time but on different sites . 
  it is not posted because it 's interesting , it 's posted for black hat seo . 
  i for one find that pathetic . 
  i have a feeling angela 's reelection campaign courting of the turkish community will see it otherwise . 
  it 's still a few years away , i know but ... 
  it must be my allergy to stupidity acting up . 
  hey , look , your comment also triggered it ... 
  from time to time i 've seen this story creeping up ... every 2 months or so ... seriously , whar gives ? 
  i for one fell happy this country is a eu candidate , do n't you ? 
  after all , what 's a little dictatorship between friends ? 
  then maybe they should do it like they mean it ... 
  mate , the gypsy have been living in eastern & central europe since ... the 1300s i think . 
  they were brought to these parts from india , specifically punjab and rajasthan , as slaves of the tatars . 
  the communism regime in eastern europe started in 1945 . 
  russia became communist a bit earlier , in 1917 , becoming `` the soviets '' in 1922 . 
  so you may want to revisit that timeline ... 
  the one where you put them on the ground , handcuff them , drag them to a plane and fly them back to their established home . 
  you know , like you were doing to the gypsies in the 90 's, 
  when ? 
  correction : uk must attack is in iraq to deny group save haven . 
  there are several entities fighting is in syria , virtually none in iraq . 
  the day assad leaves syria is the day isis and / or al-nusra ( al queda ) has , de facto , won . 
  or if you want to live under isis , go go captain planet , they have half your country already . 
  go there and enjoy !, 
  which refugee policy ? 
  the one that says there 's no upper limit and suspends the dublin agreement or the one that closes the borders because no more room and re-instates the dublin agreement ? 
  the one that says free stuff for everybody or the one that says free stuff only for germans and cuts down migrant benefits ? 
  i suggest you re-read my original comment and then proceed to show me where i said they directly support it :d, 
   local turkish inhabitants near the syrian border top kek !, 
  which they turn into petrol and gas in their backyard refineries , right ? 
  this is like the 10th time this was posted ... 
  let 's see : some support [ isis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtx7hiywwyy ) . 
  in case you wonder , those are 200 children being shot , point blank , from the back . 
  do tell me more about moral high grounds ...
