  bullies other eu states into accepting mandatory quotas of migrants , while making 0 provisions of how they will be kept in place and ignoring logistical concerns of some countries merkel , who wants to act as the commander-in-chief of europe , has so far proven a dismal lack of foresight , planning capacity or simply common sense in this matter . 
  she 's trying to show empathy for syrians while totally failing to show the smallest empathy for her own people . 
  so do n't look now , but she never had the grip in the first place . 
  chickens are easy to grow , everybody who has a little yard usually has a few around . 
  in the '70s and '80s, 
  junker needs to stop trying to impersonate the pope, 
  well , last time was 500 years ago, 
  thing is they are almost as equally bad , pegida/ukip vs radical muslims . 
  they probably differ in treatment of women but otherwise ... 
  are n't they supposed to vote on it ? 
  can they vote on something which they have not seen ? 
  ok , can you please name the good changes that islam can bring to europe ? 
  i 've said this a few times already and i 'll say it again because i think it makes sense . 
  i welcome a debate on this with have actual arguments . 
  we 've seen at least 5 times in the last 100 years that a motivated minority has managed to impose it 's will on the majority and ended up in millions of deaths . 
  in historical order : communists in the east , nazis in the west , khmer rouge in cambodia , the hutu ascension in rwanda , talibans in afganistan . 
  they were all minority movements , every single one of them who ended up seizing power in the following conditions : 1 . a complacent , uninformed or fearful majority 2 . other complicit minority groups which contribute decisively to silencing the moderates 3 . whoring politicians 4 . complicit media looking around to current situation in europe : 1 . the motivated minority are the radical muslims 2 . the majority is complacent or afraid of being branded racist 3 . we have the left which bullies and drowns out the moderates and the reticent with screams of racism discrimination on any discussion that even mentions the word muslim with anything else than laudatory adjectives . 
  we have the 1 % which wants almost slave-level workforce . 
  look at the student unions in uk for a study case : secular muslims banned from speaking in the name of `` making everybody feel welcome '' , radicals welcomed though , proposals to ban certain foods for being offensive , etc. 
  see the grooming gags scandal for another case study ( aka : how the police covered up , etc ) . 
  4 . complicit media galore , from the left-leaning european media to the grand majority of the american media there are also some differences : - the doctrinal differences between the majority and the minority are far larger and stronger than in the previous cases - there is another strong minority which might follow the same development pattern : the extreme right . 
  frankly , imo both options are just as bad . 
  - the existence of the internet . 
  main-stream media can not drown out dissenting voices as effectively as in the past . 
  we are looking at the perfect storm forming and for sure the minority will disrupt the majority and not in the good way.i am yet to find any positive parts or cultural / value gaines europe might have from either far right or islam . 
  even if the far right wins out in the end ( another nightmare scenario ) , our freedoms will still be seriously curtailed and life for the very vulnerable minorities such as lgbt and jews will still be shit . 
  and if you 'd permit me , while as european i do n't really feel like i a debt to pay to the middle east , i do think we have a debt towards both lgbt and jewish on who 's genocide more than half of europe was complicit . 
   and if the russians are moving against da\u2019esh now in syria , we very much welcome this . 
  so it 's not an invitation to attack them in iraqi territory , just in syria . 
  anyway , thank you for the link , i had missed that . 
  he says a few interesting things . 
  not as far as i know, 
  nope , he is at floreasca in the new wing in a 2-bed reserve just for him ( aka : because he has to be under guard ) . 
  basically his private room there . 
  instead they should have sent him to the hospital he so aptly destroied , aka : universitary / municipal . 
  he would become instantly cured and demand to be sent back to jail . 
  the number of people trying to get in from turkey nearly doubled by some accounts after she made said statement . 
   or at least more condemnable it is already , started about....5-6 years ago . 
  i think that is the greatest achievement of the current crusade against corruption . 
  not just removing some really big mafia bosses and recovering some losses . 
  it 's giving the people an understanding that bribery is not ok . we 've had a number of cases of high profile doctors being charged with asking bribes , with pretty big media coverage . 
  most got away in the end but again , it raised awareness . 
  it told people that it 's not normal for a doctor to say give me $ 1000 or i 'll let your kid die . 
   somebody poorer who can not pay such , and as such , it is unfair totally , but for a large number of people it was a matter of survival . 
  as a parent in a pretty dire situation of not having stuff to feed your kids you did n't really care . 
  you 've no idea how bad romania was in the 10 years before the revolution . 
  think north coreea bad in terms of basic amenities . 
  well , maybe a bit better because we did have a black market . 
  but if you had not money ? 
  not that good . 
  we got hot water on the centralized system maybe once a month if that . 
  heat during winter in the cities ? 
  forget about it . 
  2-3 hours of electricity in the evening . 
  hopefully , as we started accumulating wealth and we get more exposure the western morals ( though workers who come there ) the rapacity has diminished . 
  not even diet , it 's pepsi vs coca cola, 
  that 's because you do n't live here . 
  bribes are part of our every day life like drinking water . 
  it 's not about jumping ahead of people as much as it 's about not falling behind . 
  in some cases it 's not even about getting something extra , it 's about motivating the person at the other side to give you what you are owed ( as it happens in the healthcare system for instance ) . 
  you have to understand this is a historical development that allowed most of romania 's population to live through communism and transition . 
  this it no something that just started , it 's a communist trauma enforced by a long and painful transition . 
  people not having enough to live on forced them to accept bribes . 
  they were mostly happy about produce as food , coffee and hygiene items ( soap ) were scarce . 
  if you were a rn and got a chicken from a patient you could feed your family for a week or more . 
  we are talking about 50 years of this . 
  add the transition when the money was scarce ( now it just a little bit better , but not a whole lot ) . 
  the best offering took the form of an envelope of money . 
  now that more people are on living wages the mentality can not be so easily changed . 
  especially since in the most prone to bribes systems the income level has n't really improved . 
  rn 's still barely make a living wages . 
  teachers the same . 
  as a historical development is something that 's deeply ingranded in our culture . 
  to give you an example : mom still tries to make me slip a little something to my primary care physician even though he is at a private clinic and i have private insurance . 
  the guy makes loads . 
  still , it 's impossible for her to mentally accept it . 
  another example : when i used to do recruitment for construction workers , they would come in with chicken and other produce to convince me to hire them . 
  i was turning them down ( the things i mean ) , hired the guys , etc. 
  one day , the team chief for asphalt echelon came to me and told me to start taking what they give me . 
  he asked me what do i want and why am i being rude . 
  turns out they feel offended and hurt because i did n't take said bribe . 
  it was interpreted that i rejected the offering as not being enough . 
   and immunity from future ottoman invasions . 
  yeah , we kicked your butt pretty much every time you came here so ... you 'd be in fact protecting yourself :d, 
  what do i win ? 
  oh , bribes in romania to get allocated to a specific teacher are quite common . 
  this was just slightly different . 
  thanks !, 
  there are 2 links there . 
  the first from dw the second from rudaw or something . 
   come on man , really ... [ yes ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/as-conflict-in-turkey-grows-so-do-tensions-in-berlin/a-18650955 ) . 
  [ they already clashed ] ( http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/turkey/110920151 ) ( do n't bitch about the source , it was the first that came out in google ), 
  see , i am wondering if that 's true or if it 's a reverse discrimination kind of thing . 
  my friends who have children were having a conversation a few weeks back about pre-schools . 
  one mentioned that at the state pre-school they were allotted to was a male teacher and how she gave a bribe for her son not to go into that class . 
  the discussion went around that with pretty much everybody , male or female expression opposition to male pre-school teachers . 
  this would make an interesting ama . 
  i am curious why a kurdish syrian teenager would want to emigrate in a country with such a strong turkish minority , instead of nl or france . 
  i think it 's the strongest turkish minority from any country in europe , no ? 
   my plan was to apply for asylum at the german consulate there .
