   you do n't need to violate that well , that 's an argument for lawyers to have . 
  it can be argued that tying benefits to location effectively blocks their freedom of movement . 
   it is fine to relocate them within germany and it is fine to relocate them within europe germany = generous welfare state . 
  eastern europe = no that . 
   they do n't come here tolive in the ritz apparently nobody told the migrants that . 
  because they flatly refuse to go . 
  some are going back because they did n't receive what , in their mind , was owed to them : house , car , money to spend . 
   you can tie benefits to residence fairly easily it does n't work . 
  some syrian families hosted in poland who got jobs & house & money ran away in the night to go to germany . 
  it does n't even work in germany , some 60,000 are missing because they went underground . 
  there 's a healthy black market they can get jobs to and continue to game the system without having the papers . 
   those that do n't come from war zones do n't get asylum based on their stories , they all com from war zones . 
  you know those recent events in koln ? 
  9 out of the identified perpetrators were from algeria & marocco and they were illegally in germany for more than 1 year . 
  nobody deported them . 
  and now they are still not being deported . 
   again this is already legal within member states so why should it be illegal within the union i do n't understand the question . 
  they can sue under [ protocol 4 article 2.1 & 2.2 - freedom of movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_convention_on_human_rights#protocol_4_-_civil_imprisonment.2c_free_movement.2c_expulsion ), 
  the hilarious part is this : de facto , this is a problem for the generous welfare states as germany and sweden . 
  imagine for a moment that italy and greece and all the countries in-between were to just say `` fuck dublin '' , open borders and just wave the migrants through see where they end up . 
  and that 's when we would realize just how much of a germany problem it is . 
  except germany does n't want to solve it 's problem , it wants to unload it on the poorest and most vulnerable of europe in the name of `` humanity '' . 
  that is where that idiotic tax on gasoline sch\u00e4uble proposed comes from . 
  that is where the recent threats of greece being shut out of schengen comes from . 
  that is where not letting in romania and bulgaria in eu comes from . 
  that is where the whole media vilification of poland who is firmly against the mandatory quotas comes from . 
  a fuel tax would lead to increases in all consumer prices . 
  around 25 % of eu population lives on and under the poverty line or are at risk ( meaning they are slightly above the poverty line but any change in consumer price index would push them below the line ) . 
  that is 122.6 million people . 
  we are talking about roughly 4 million migrants over 5 years . 
  please , explain it to me what kind of sense it makes to condemn 122.6 million of you tax payers and voters to poverty over the well-being of foreigners . 
  tax payers who , if i might add , also pay for the years it takes to `` integrate '' said foreigners . 
  1 . the morally wrong one was the random picking or just picking some over others . 
  how do you make that choice ? 
  as for maximizing wealth , i agree with you 2 . see , there 's a debate right there . 
  as far as i remember , the quota system vote worked like this : some countries were against it from the start ( as in the local political establishment as well ) . 
  yet their representatives at the eu voted yes to the system . 
  the system however was initially supposed to have something like 30-40k people . 
  it was then and without a holding a vote , expanded to 160k by the will of the juncker and mama merkel . 
  for 2 reasons : 1 . 
  because you are arbitrarily sending some people to a poorer country where they get less financial and social support and have fewer opportunities to continue their life . 
  do you think a slovakian , bulgarian or romanian car industry worker make the same as a german one ? 
  the prices are within the 10 % variance but the wages go into 40-50 % . 
  because you are forcing a foreign population on a local population that , for the most part , does not want them there regardless of their reasoning . 
   we need a sustainable , credible , complex solution ... we are asking the eu to speed up that process . 
  the thing is this : you can not have a system that ignores the wishes and interests of 2/3 of the participants . 
  the migrants do n't want to go to eastern eu countries . 
  relocating them to where they do n't want to go is : 1 . morally wrong 2 . pointless , as you can not hold them in cells , they will just jump in the next train , bus or car out and head back to where they wanted to go in the first place . 
  without a very harsh `` caught out you get deported back to the country you say you 're from '' we will go into an endless `` get them there , catch them here '' cycle . 
  and before you point at the geneva convention on refugees it clearly states `` war zones '' not `` war countries '' . 
  not all of syria is a war . 
  not all of iraq is at war . 
  3 . it might actually be illegal under the european convention on human rights . 
  i can totally see the guest country being sued at echr . 
  actually it was implemented but so far the migrants refuse to go to the available countries . 
  so we should all become exclusively owned by big banking conglomerates . 
  there 's also 0 risk of loosing some of your savings because the central bank decides so as it happened in cyprus . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
   patronising ` how to behave in europe ' guides the logic of this is ... wow . 
  if you do n't give out the guides you are guilty for not informing the people from a different culture what your norms are . 
  if you give out the guides you are guilty of patronizing them . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  so essentially what is the expectation here ? 
  just say `` well , it 's their culture we have to just lie down and take it or we are little islamophobe bitches ? '', 
  because , mr. varoufakis , you lied to them . 
  you and tsipras individually and syriza as a whole . 
  you asked them to vote no and told them it will matter . 
  but it did n't . 
  because there 's a `` ok , now what ? '', 
  and for that part you had 0 plans . 
  at some point tsipras woke up and decided that you can not run a country as a spoilt teen . 
  and that is when you threw your temper tantrum and left . 
  realistically , what you were looking at was a default on loans , an exit from the eurozone and a prolonged bank closure and the economy frozen for the rest of the year if not more . 
  did greece have the money to support itself without the ecb and imf money ? 
  something tells me the answer it no . 
  and it 's especially no if your economy grinds to a halt for months because you physically have no money . 
  you somehow though that ez ministers will start to give a fuck and just swoop right in the last moment and not let you break your necks . 
  you were wrong . 
  they do n't give a fuck even about their own people as it is abundantly clear from recent events , never-mind yours . 
  and from a position of power , which you do n't have and yet tried to pretend you do , you have little to no recourse against that . 
  that was only an anti-establishment vote and an exercise in ego-stroking . 
  the problem with being anti-establishment comes from this : it only works when you do n't need said establishment . 
  and it only works when you are not the establishment . 
  you kind of socialism , `` the more efficient and more egalitarian system '' does n't work . 
  ask the polish and the czech and the bulgarians and the romanians and the slovakian and the serbs and even the east germans . 
  we 've been there in recent history . 
  it works to some extent if you are 1940 's russia and you have an empire to feed you and you delusions . 
  take away the empire and everything goes to hell . 
  it works if you are huge like china and have enough natural and human resources to become the factory of the world . 
  even there , all your brand of socialism does is create a minority of uber-rich and a majority of people living slightly above the poverty line . 
  and if you are looking right now , that does n't really work either , not for the long term . 
  oh , and btw , do you know that list of things you said you 'd do to get new money ? 
  how much from that was done ? 
  why do they need safe zones ? 
  i though , if we are to hear the good mayor 's advice , all you have to do is keep them at arms length and just avoid places with lots of strangers . 
  basically most political parties right now are mangy mongrels looking at their ideas & measures vs their declared political doctrine . 
  as for the right , they do n't have to do anything . 
  just exist . 
  if they want to accelerate growth of sympathy they have to occasionally come up and say `` we understand your fear and it 's valid '' and not call the immigration conservatives racists as a block . 
  that 's all .
