  if you read the article , you are of lower use to them if you are out of eu . 
  which is why your relationship will sour if you leave the eu . 
  is n't it funny how that plays out ? 
  again , that `` so did you fallacy '' . 
  yes , we were . 
  because that 's what we needed to do to get into nato . 
  what 's your excuse ? 
   like i said that 's still a terrible reason the arguments being ... what ? 
  that so did others ? 
  if somebody steals money from a store it does n't mean he is n't a thief just because other people also stole . 
  source ? 
  sure , how about the us immunity from prosecution in the international war crimes tribunal ? 
  do you want to know who bullied other un security council members to vote yes on that exemption ? 
  your dear representative . 
  it was exactly , but exactly the same scenario which played with out with the intervention in iraq and blocking the anti-war resolution . 
  so your diplomats fought like lions to get us special status while not getting the same for your own forces . 
  yeah , that 's totally not how a puppet behaves . 
  it is n't a single war , it 's multiple . 
  you did n't gained anything by doing it other than a pat on the head . 
  more importantly , your voting record in eu matters has been , in a large number of cases , to the interests of us and not to the interests of your own population . 
  so yeah , bullshit !, 
   if your statement were true why would n't they go by plane because most of them are not refugees . 
  most of them are economic migrants from safe countries . 
  to give you an example : brazil has opened several asylum registration in the turkey and lebanon camps for syrians . 
  there are virtually no questions asked when approving the request . 
  those accepted receive a one-way free plane ticket to brazil . 
  do you care to guess how many takers they had ? 
  less than 2000 since 2013 ( the data i got was from september ) . 
  out of the `` millions '' fleeing death there are less than 2000 people who took the offer to go to a country which is one continent and one ocean away from said conflict . 
   well the cost of a return ticket is negligible compared to the costs of figuring out if someone is eligible or not do you care to guess how many of those found not to be eligible are actually sent home ? 
  less than 10 % . 
  merkel 's unilateral suspension of the dublin agreement generated a few hundreds of thousands from the middle east and west asia starting their trek towards and through europe . 
  yes , some were already here , but a large number started after that . 
  what do you think the statement `` free plane tickets to europe , no questions asked '' will generate . 
  we are struggling now , with less than 1 million . 
  how do you think we will do with the 3 or 4 enticed by your very generous idea ? 
  i am sick and tired of this guilt tripping . 
  most are not fleeing war . 
  another good fraction are in jordan and turkey so they are safe . 
  it is their decision to get on a boat and , worst , to take their children on a boat that leads to death . 
  theirs and theirs alone !, 
  the major news outlets around europe have a big big problem . 
  there are a few generations that grew up repeatedly catching them with very big lies . 
  there are a few generations which grew up knowing that the news outlets are not to be trusted . 
  lack of trust = lack of power to sell on products or ideas . 
  i see bad times coming for them in about 5-10 years when said generations will reach economical power . 
   that any airline will simply refuse to let these people board without papers !!!!, 
  they refuse to let these people board without papers !, 
  if they are from syria they can fly , no issues . 
  this however , does not answer my question : what is the solution ? 
  setup free flights for whomever , where-ever they want to go just on say-so ? 
  so is 50 % of this planet . 
  that does not equal certain death ... 
  i am so tired of this shit ... it 's not europe 's fault that a number a people choose to ignore absolutely everything , get in dingies and try to cross the mediterranean . 
  so at this stage i 'd like to ask the op what is the solution to this behavior ? 
   given the great challenge to our country because of the strong influx of refugees but i though germany can surely deal with 500,000 refugees/year for years to come , [ in the words of the same sigmar gabriel ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/08/germany-500000-refugees-a-year-clashes-lesbos ) just ... 2 months ago . 
  so ... where 's the challenge ? 
  thanks , i was looking for that post . 
  i guess our friendly neighborhood censor decided it was anti-immigrant and removed it . 
   islam l'alternative well , he is right about that one . 
  islam is essentially the alternative to 80 % europe might consider founding values . 
   to people who flee certain death give shelter yes , but apparently the only places they feel safe are germany and sweden . 
  should we take that preference into account ? 
  turkey is not certain death . 
  albania is not certain death ( about 10 % of the current wave ) . 
  pakistan is not certain death . 
  bangladesh is not certain death . 
  nigeria is not certain death . 
  ghana is not certain death . 
  ethiopia is not certain death . 
  just sayin ', 
  actually both me and others here gave you multiple examples and evidence which you dismissed using the `` so did others '' falacy . 
  because that is how mature people react , bravo you mature mature boy !, 
  watching you be all butt-hurt , huffing and puffing at people and bitching has been very entertaining, 
  dude , you 're living proof that a sense of humor is a terrible thing not to have, 
  well , your prime minister is known for getting drunk and high and fucking a pig ... and yet the majority voted for him ... 
  so you are not totally clueless , who would have thought . 
  now think about this : it 's a video of 2002 . 
  a guy , waaaaay back in 2002 though you were being us ' lapdog ( true , not puppet ) . 
  yet to this day you still find it surprising that so many more think the same way . 
  i did n't write the song . 
  a british guy did !, 
  [ there 's even a song featuring said reality which bugs you so badly ] ( https://youtu.be/abhzq_vrbsq?t=2m4s ), 
  the thing is even reading the article the title does n't make sense ... 
  mate , you have close to 100,000 people living in tents with winter approaching . 
  there are more hundreds of thousands struggling to get there currently roaming around europe ( and they will in the next few months ) . 
  to talk nothing of those who are still roaming around europe . 
  most of these are still unprocessed . 
  a large portion of them will end up being rejected for asylum , but not actually deported , which means swallowing the ranks of the illegal workers and of the desperately poor . 
  they have a volatile cultural background with close to no ability to handle frustration . 
  this will , in turn , increase crime rates , rioting risks , radicalization , etc. 
  a good number of those accepted will , in turn , bring in dependents . 
  this means extra pressure on the welfare , school and medical systems . 
  for those still outside germany , there is a system put in place called forced redistribution . 
  the forcing is both for the countries accepting them and for the migrants who desperately do n't want to go there . 
  apparently , schultz is now bitching that the eu money for migrants are running out and that especially the eastern european countries are asked to contribute more . 
  some of those are dirt poor by european standard are now expected to fork over money . 
  is there a definition of `` handling it '' which means `` totally failed '' ? 
  a close relationship is directly proportional with your usefulness for them . 
  getting out of the eu thus out of anything that might influence the game diminishes that usefulness .
