   as a danish passport holder , which i always have been happy to be , i am not happy today . 
  so why does n't he give up the danish passport then ? 
  i mean like really punish them . 
  i am sure only 9 in 10 asked `` who ? '', 
  when told about this dreadful news . 
  rouhani is coming to europe to sell stuff not to buy stuff . 
  and he wants eu banks to open up to iran trade . 
  so what 's this thing about imposing likes and dislikes ? 
  if hollande had balls he would show up drunk and holding a bottle of champagne . 
  i 'm betting nor will you any time soon . 
  totally unlike the french and the german who just recently said they hope to spare russia from the burden of sanctions come this spring . 
  meanwhile eastern ukraine still in turmoil , crimeea still under occupation . 
  so why exactly are the sanctions being lifted ? 
  yes for several reasons : - we are actually good at securing our external borders - there are big costs & loses for transportation and logistics because of border checks - constanta harbour would be put into value - at some point the migrant crisis will end one way or another and the agreement will be re-instated, 
   to secure the borders of the whole european union or , as recent events and eu official statements prove , any of them . 
  corruption & ineffective justice in dealing with it was previously used as a reason not to allow us to join the schengen accord . 
  750 million euro of investment in border security which went to the german eads company & 2 positive cvm reports later and we are still being held at the door . 
  i wonder what lame excuse will they use now other than `` f * you , that 's why '' . 
  seriously , i am so disenchanted by this eu because of the idiotic german & ineffective french leaderships i could cry . 
  the part where `` european rooted '' does not actually exist in the article . 
  just like the part about half of them being from said families . 
  apart from you misquoting it , the article is your average leftist babble . 
  it uses such blanket statements like `` many of '' or `` many are neither , nor '' but never actually saying what they are or at least some sort of percentage . 
  even more so they have exactly 0 proof of what they are stating . 
  i can publish a magazine showing that jihadist might in fact be aliens . 
  would you consider that a source ? 
  which is actually further proof . 
  it means the so called `` integrated families '' are in fact , not as they seem . 
  thing is the majority ends up coming back . 
  they should be treated as enemy combatants ( personally , i think they should be shot on sight as there is a war going on , declared by france and all ), 
  for a moment there i though juncker got in touch with reality . 
  i was wrong . 
  he is just throwing a hissy fit . 
   if people are sitting at home for months and years , idle and not working , they are never going to be able to become a fully valued member of europe society . 
  that is important if we want to protect ourselves from all sorts of unpleasant things . 
  quick , somebody show him unemployment charts per country of origin for the past 5 years . 
  you know , those that include the middle-eastern and north african migrants that have been in europe for years . 
  are these guys just looking for ways to fail ? 
  at the top of my head i can think of about ... 20 ways this will go bad and about 10 this will go catastrophically wrong . 
   and lol 33 % changing their opinion i wonder how many realize that this group is exactly who ch was making fun with the latest aylan kudi cartoon, 
  6 % is not a small margin . 
  on the other hand , more relevant is the drop in the past year by about 13 % points, 
  eli5 : how was this allowed to become this bad . 
  what was france expecting by dragging this along ? 
  that they will just get bored and go home ? 
  that they will eventually find a way to just fly across to uk ? 
   ( 1 ) is it europe 's moral duty to take in asylum seekers and refugees ? 
  yes why ? 
  why should we feel a moral responsibility to a tribal war that 's being going on for centuries ? 
  should we do the humane thing and help out the victims . 
  yes . 
  do we have a moral duty to do that . 
   ( 2 ) some religious or cultural attitudes should also be recognised as problematic , without attributing aggressive behaviour simply to religion or culture . 
  why not ? 
  i mean other than because people like the author will start yelling racism because they dislike the answer ...  ( 3 ) striking the right balance means understanding without justifying , and keeping in check strong populist impulses oh , the irony !, 
  but yes , let 's start that with the guardian . 
   ( 4 ) second or third generation crime in rotherham is not related to that of newly arrived asylum seekers in germany or long-term migrants in sweden nope , but they are immigrants and muslim . 
  honor killings come mostly from the muslim comunity . 
  so does fgm . 
  see question no . 
  2  ( 5 ) but instead of answering whether we care more about women or immigrants , we should reject that question altogether . 
  why ? 
  oh , wait , the answer is there  if everything is reduced to identity , xenophobia and racism quickly creep in . 
  so looking at statement no . 
  3 , we should strike the right balance and understand by not asking the question at all . 
  the guardian = where logic and reason goes to die . 
  so that 's what we failed to do ? 
  we did n't insist ? 
  and apparently the solution is fake concern over the women while giving advice that puts the avoidance strictly in their hands , while sheltering the perpetrators in any way necessary or white-washing as `` cultural differences '' . 
  problem solved , no political points lost ( at least in their mind ) which is what this is all about in the end . 
  actually , the title is not accurate . 
  it 's not just in any situation , but in the context of a disciplinary investigation if it 's instant messaging ( aka , if you suspect the internal regulations or the laws have been breached ) , if there was a prior notification about the monitoring of communication in the case of private calls made from work phones or emails sent from work accounts . 
  it did however put squarely that the employer has the right to monitor the employee during working hours and to impose restrictions on private communications . 
  [ source ] ( http://hudoc.echr.coe.int/eng?i=001-159906# { `` itemid '' :[ `` 001-159906 '' ] } ), 
   `` there 's always the possibility of keeping a certain distance of more than an arm 's length -- that is to say to make sure yourself you do n't look to be too close to people who are not known to you , and to whom you do n't have a trusting relationship '' . 
  this is exactly what she said . 
  but exactly . 
  and it is an unbelievably stupid answer to the question `` what possible actions women could take to minimize the risk of being sexually assaulted '' , regardless of how specific or general you consider the question to be . 
  unless that person asked `` if the perpetrator is bed-ridden , how can i protect myself from being molested '' case in which , yes , the distance of an arm can not be crossed . 
  otherwise , it 's fucking stupid to think distance alone will deter a rapist !, 
  the last sentence basically means `` do n't ride public transportation '' or `` walk on a busy street '' because it 's a place where you are close to people you do n't know . 
  but yeah , you keep denying , maybe the universe shifts and it did n't happen if you deny it for long enough . 
  dude , you are so desperate to defend the stupidity of a politician that you contradict yourself . 
  in no way , matter or form , regardless of who asked , where and when , is the answer `` keep them at a distance and you will not get raped '' an acceptable answer . 
  it 's from the same conceptual group with `` dress modestly '' , `` cover up '' , `` do n't go outside '' , `` only speak with males you are related to '' , etc. 
  it 's essentially putting the burden of avoidance squarely and solely on the victim !, 
   you tell them what exactly the threat is and what they can do on their own to avoid it . 
  hey , there are people who want to rape you . 
  you should keep them at arms length , that will put an end to it . 
   but , as far as i am concerned , the moment you do to others what people did to you , you lose all sympathy and the right to call yourself a victim . 
  that is exactly , but exactly , what you did . 
  so to you what the mayor says as response to a general question about molestation make sense to you ? 
  really ? 
  all a woman has to do about not getting raped is keep the attacker at arms length ? 
  so if they fail to do that because , you know , a would-be molester does n't generally give a shit about an outstretched arm , then what ? 
  do you think a rapist looks at the victim and thinks `` damn , if only she did n't kept me at arms length '' ... btw , context also means the event at which said question and answers were uttered . 
  and we all know about the event , do n't we ... 
  yeah , i know what that was , except my mind simply can not understand how somebody in the possession of all his intellectual capabilities put an equal sign between a joke made a by a women who was molested ( twice ) and the actions of her molesters . 
  how can somebody say `` oh , you joked about it , then you lose the right to complain '' ???? 
  she probably made said joke as a way to cope with happened to her ( and what is still happening ) for having told the truth .
