  strict follow-up for a few years once they get here . 
  immediate removal if they commit crimes . 
  just like we defined holocaust denial as a crime , define calls to jihad and the implementation of sharia laws as crimes . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but are n't the kurds actually the ones being beaten up basically by everybody else , including third party turkey ? 
  thank you , i am trying  . 
  i 'll try to reason with everybody who wants to engage me , even if maybe not for them , but for others reading who are less emotionally and self-involved and will at least consider my words . 
  thank you / u/live-a-lidl for the translation . 
  this is an opinion piece , but i feel it hits the nail strait on the head . 
  carry each other 's burdens , and in this way you will fulfill christ 's law . 
  galatians 6:2 - st. paul . 
  burdens is translated into our bible from the greek `` baros '' , which a dictionary may translate to `` heavy weight '' , `` grief '' , `` trouble '' . 
  additionally , it also means something `` of substance '' , something meaningful . 
  let us carry then our most meaningful burdens for one another , preaches christ 's law . 
  i do n't know whether there is a verse in islam for that . 
  christ washed the feet of his disciples and said `` if i then , the lord and the teacher , washed your feet , you also ought to wash one another 's feet . '', 
  - john 13:14 . 
  again , i am not sure if there is something similar in the coran . 
  but that 's not important , because today we will talk about ourselves more than about them . 
  ever since the refugee crisis , europe has took over from america the title of absolute champion of self-blaming . 
  our civilization has reached , for a long time now , the freudian stage of self loathing/admiration . 
  when us , the europeans , look ourselves in the mirror , with one hand we caress our cheek for our democracy and well-being , out culture , and our worldwide prestige , while with the other we slap our other cheek for how evil we are , and for all the destruction we brought upon the earth 's creatures . 
  this results into a schizoid face , suitable for the nuthouse . 
  for weeks now all i 've been hearing is europeans speaking , hysterically , about europe 's terrible guilt . 
  it 's our fault this , and it 's our fault that , it 's our fault !, 
  even that child drowned in the mediterranean and brought to shore by the waves was put , on harsh account , on europe 's conscience . 
  nobody thought of questioning the responsibility of parents that squeeze children on extremely unsafe vessels . 
  they were exonerate by any accountability because now they are grieving . 
  and crying . 
  and suffering . 
  and they desperately want in germany . 
  because in their trail there 's a war that 's chasing them away . 
  and only in germany , from this entire world , there 's peace and they can live in serenity . 
  to blame is , of course , europe . 
  merkel placed that irresponsible parent to place his little kids in peril , is n't it ? 
  nobody thought to shout towards the islamic state or bashar . 
  nobody even considered to shout towards the governments of europe , asking them to go to war , to get the islamic state over with . 
  would n't you agree that the best help we can provide to the syrians is to liquidate the islamic state of iraq and levant ? 
  probably the exact same europeans that are now punishing their governments for killing that child would be there in the street marching against war if their governments would decide to send their armies and destroy the islamic state . 
  additionally , we are against intervening . 
  we do n't meddle , not like those american `` cowboys '' !, 
  and if our lack of intervention means that we do n't have to vex anyone with our words and with our actions , we slap and kick ourselves , to vex ourselves , because that is allowed . 
  what do you mean for what ? 
  because we do n't intervene ? 
  because we ourselves shout at our governments to not intervene by any means . 
  dear europeans , do n't blame europe for syria !, 
  if europe had intervened military in that war ( because diplomatically it has tried , with zero results ) , you would have battered the governments for their presence there . 
  syria , with this humanitarian catastrophe , is the direct result of europe not intervening externally as you wished , and not of the intervention that you blame now , union countries !, 
  in syria , the russian interests in the region have balanced out with those of the americans and no global actor has decisively acted , in order not to piss off the other . 
  so everything was left on the hands of regional forces . 
  and we ended up here . 
  it 's not right to blame europe for what 's in store for her . 
  europe is the perfect victim in all this tragedy . 
  it is the rich with a guilt trip , the noble that 's tripping on it 's own principles , the child with an old soul and lots of money , covered in luxury and , when needed , ready to pay whatever just so he would not be assaulted by his classmates , bullies by trade . 
  it is becoming clearer and clearer that the wave of refugees , around two million for the time being , which threatens to fall onto europe is purposefully directed . 
  the war , real of course , constitutes the objective grounds for the exodus . 
  the direction on the other hand ? 
  that looks premeditated . 
  i am reading , in washington post ( september 4 ) , an amnesty international report . 
  saudi arabia , kuwait , the arab emirates , quatar are announcing the troubling figures of refuges they are willing to receive : zero !, 
  of course , the millions of unfortunate have to go somewhere . 
  guess which way ? 
  europe can never announce that it will receive zero refugees . 
  otherwise , it is even against its legislation . 
  and culture . 
  a voice from europe is calling in the distance to all the misfortunate from syria and the world over : `` come !, 
  if the bureaucrats get in your way , force the railway stations , force the border points , force the motorways -- the televisions have got your back !, 
  come in greater number . 
  the more the merrier , and invincible . 
  in the end you will do as you wish !, 
  you want to go to germany ? 
  if ten of you come , you will not get through , if 100.000 of you come , they will surely let you in '' . 
  diabolically , vladimir putin declares that the wave of refugees is europe 's bill for collaborating with the americans . 
  i do n't know if putin can fool anybody anymore these days . 
  the self-blaming conscience is working in europe without his words , anyway . 
  someone from al jazeera says it would only be reasonable if europe will send it 's own boats and ferrys to syria and northern africa to bring the refugees safely to its lands . 
  that would be the solution for them to stop drowning , according to the wicked tv station . 
  sounds absurd ? 
  maybe , on first glance , but i can already hear ngo voices across europe demanding it . 
  with a vigorous campaign and a couple more images with drowned babies , something like this will be decided . 
  we will announce across the entire middle east and the whole of africa : `` which one of you guys wants to go to germany ? 
  friday , 3 o\u2019clock ? 
  meet you in the docklands . 
  free ride ! '', 
  * jobs cool , in germany . 
  but you are now forcing the rest of the european countries to take on immigrants . 
  countries that have unemployment rates in the double digits or who have a youth unemployment in the 20 % in fact , not so cool , look at the job profiles . 
  most are for skilled workers , which the immigrants are not , for the most part . 
  the aging population is something to be solved in 20 years time , not tomorrow . 
  in 20 years time , these people will be kind of oldish too . 
   they have to obey our laws so what happens when one of the law un-obeying person is found to be from a conflict country ? 
  according to another law you can not deport them back there ... so what happens then ? 
  what happens when , as it 's happening now in uk , they turn certain areas into germanistan . 
  what happens when the sharia patrols start showing , which has already happened ? 
  what happens when the bleeding-heart school director starts telling parents that girls should only wear long skirts and head-scarves as not to offend the muslim students attending said school ( a version of that already happened ) . 
  what happens when the dear dear refugees stage a protest like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkiqwz_ukim ) against/during oktoberfest ? 
  what happened when they stage a protest like [ this ] ( http://chersonandmolschky.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/london+muslims+protest+against+a+cartoon+in+a+danish+newspaper+that+depicts+prophet+mohammed+in+a+bomb-shaped+turban.jpg ) against whatever imaginary offense somebody had against their god . 
  these have already happened . 
   letting people die is not an option they are not dying in turkey or jordan . 
  sure , life is hardish , but they are not dying ... not to mention that about 1/2 of this wave of migrants are not dying in their own country . 
  for the rest of the things , most of your answers are just high expectations and unjustified optimism imo .
