  so to ftfy : `` although german left-wing politicians will try to lie to you that the perpetrators ' origins are unknown and there 's no evidence linking recently arrived refugees to the attacks . '' . 
  and that , my friends , is how you manipulate public opinion , by conveniently forgetting about 80 % of the story and the timeline . 
  yep , it 's just us racists and islamophobes here . 
  you should leave in a huff of self-righteous indignation and slam the door on your way out . 
  th 'll teach us !, 
  thing is they are not trying to understand the root cause . 
  they are trying to invent a root cause that would white-wash the `` multiculturalism is heaven '' doctrine . 
  how can a normal human being accept the reasoning and how can they even begin to consider this a reasonable explanation : `` i am a migrant and i do n't have an iphone . 
  i should go rape somebody '', 
  yep , in fact the sane thing to do is to hide all of them and then deny deny deny they ever happened . 
  failing that , we should proceed to yell `` racist '' at everybody not following in this very sane line of action . 
  so first you say  if the finnish police caught wind of large groups of migrant men planning to come out and they you say  but it also does n't mean this all was pre-planned so , on your planet , how you call events which are the result of groups of people planning to do something in advance . 
  coincidences ? 
  lucky breaks ? 
  do you know how i know they were planning in advance ? 
  it says so in the police press release . 
  the police had time to find out and be prepared for it . 
  also , i am sure they were just saying let 's go out and dance , which is why the police was preparing for it . 
   there is only a miniscule chance that this was coordinated all over europe yep , same mo , same target , same day , planed in advance . 
  and yet you think it 's far more likely it was just a coincidence it happened in ~ ~ 8 ~ ~ 5 ( i think ) cities than of it being coordinated . 
  because that is how the laws of probability work . 
   men in helsinki were iraqi as opposed to the men in cologne , who were syrians . 
  would you care to look at the origins of the recent coordinated terror attacks in paris ? 
  looks like it is in fact possible for people from different countries to do the same thing at the same time . 
  perhaps that was a coincidence as well ...  this seems to be a prevalent problem shows that it 's not just a coincidence but it also does n't mean this all was pre-planned and coordinated this is a boolean thing . 
  it 's either coordinated or it 's a coincidence . 
  there 's no continuum between them . 
  they are mutually exclusive and one has to be true . 
  and by the laws of probability , there is a higher probability they were coordinated than they were n't . 
  considering the number of cities and groups it 's a too large composite of coincidences to be probabilisticly relevant . 
  if you see hoof-prints in the snow in canada it 's more likely they 're from a moose than from a giraffe . 
  edit : 5 down from 8, 
  i 've been watching the gop debates with the same state of mind i watch monty python with ... 
   police said they had increased their preparedness `` to an exceptional level '' in helsinki for new year 's eve after being tipped off about possible problems . 
  so who wants to bet the same tips were received by the german police as well ...  `` ahead of new year 's eve , the police caught wind of information that asylum seekers in the capital region possibly had similar plans '' ... 
  so it was , in fact , pre-planned . 
  and it was in fact known that they were migrants . 
  yet the very first political bullshit thrown our way was `` there 's no proof there were migrants '' ...  koskimaki said police did not see a link between the cologne and helsinki incidents . 
  yes , i also think it was just by a bizarre coincidence that masses of different people in different cities hundreds of km apart did the exact same thing with the exact same mo with the exact same targets at the exact same time . 
  also watch out for the flocks of flying unicorns , i hear they fly low in the winter ... 
  i say the logical next step is to reduce more of our freedoms , launch even more privacy violating laws so that the police and security services can shove their hands deeper inside their own asses and do nothing . 
  one could make the same comment about dublin iii ... you know , the one temporarily and unilaterally suspended by merkel last year ... 
  ... and basically wherever shithole they crawled up from . 
  but seriously , eu should consider temporarily suspending the geneva convention on refugees or at least really really limit the interpretation of it . 
  because it is inadmissible to put the rights of a foreign population over the rights of your own population ( voters and tax payers ) . 
  and as this is clear evidence , there is a significant portion of so-called refugees that put european citizens ' right to safety in jeopardy . 
  this is not 5 people in a terrorist attack . 
  we are talking hundreds of perpetrators throughout ~ ~ germany ~ ~ europe . 
  give it a summer . 
  what do you think will happen come march ? 
   out of the country so which of germany 's neighbours would you punish with them ? 
  let 's not forget who 's ill-though ill-planned ill-perceived words have caused the cause ... 
  . . or if it will ever be as swedish media is way way more pc-crappish, 
  what happens when you run out of places to flee to because your shitty culture has brought war in one form or another to the previously safe harbors ? 
  there 's a number of countries that were ( before the mass migration problem hit the media in force ) deemed safe and now they were sneaked in the unsafe country list . 
  see eritrea . 
  now these young fit sexually active men who are are culturally unprepared to deal with frustration were just drunk . 
  they ganged up and molested a vulnerable part of the population . 
  how do you think they will react in 0.5 - 1 year when a good number of them will still not be processed ? 
  how do you think they will react if the money they receive as stipend is not up to their high expectations ? 
  or that the jobs they get are not the same as the jobs of the germans , french , dutch , etc. 
  how do you think they will react when their numbers start swelling again come march and the centers become more and more crowded . 
  how do you think they will react when proposed legislation comes into effect and they are told they can not bring their extended families here ? 
  how do you think they will react when the numbers of deportees will start to increase ? 
  what do you think is going to happen when there is enough of an illegal immigrant population to stand on it 's own 2 feet as a counter-culture ? 
  eu police is not us police to control such a population . 
  it 's not feared , it 's laughed at . 
  this will happen again . 
  at best , it will be the same . 
  worst case scenario ? 
  think smaller molenbeeks in each major western eu city . 
  think places where the police does not dare to go . 
  think of migrant groups mobbing police stations for having arrested some of their own . 
  think clashes between locals and migrant groups , because eventually , the far right will end up organizing militias ( which is a very bad thing in itself ) . 
  you will be just as unprepared as you are now because there is a blatant lack of political will and wisdom to increase preparedness . 
  and because there is a lack of political will to limit the influx of refugees . 
  and because there is a lack of political wisdom in dealing with the very legitimate fears of the locals . 
  hysterically yelling `` racism '' at anybody who dares ask a question because they do n't like the answers they have to give will not make that person embrace the yeller 's position . 
  it will throw that person to the far right . 
  it will happen again because your politicians do n't give a shit the rights of the local population . 
  thing is west eu politicians are just as bad as east eu politicians , they just steal less . 
  welcome to your new reality !, 
  she 's right actually . 
  on the surface at the moment , the best ally for a gay man , a woman or a jewish person is the far right . 
  and that is absurd but it makes sense . 
  not because they give a shit , but because they are willing to discus , debate and tackle the bigger threat to said groups safety . 
  as the situation proves the bigger threat is the unruly mass of people with incompatible cultural background which we 've allowed into europe together with , under the guise of and ( to some extent ) in place of real refugees . 
  no , not all refugees are like these and pose a threat but if a minority of 10 % of them are a threat to the local population then we have a problem . 
  thing is with a strategical mind you can use gang violence to further your terror goal . 
  that is what i was trying to show with the post . 
  all you need is a couple of well placed agitators or paying off the head of the gangs . 
  as we 've seen , there 's 0 or close to 0 fear of reprisal . 
  can you imagine a campaign like that ? 
  `` do n't come here , uk gives you more '' or `` benefits of begging in uk blah blah blah public interest ad sponsored by danish internal affairs office '' or `` english for begging ... now free at the italian embassy in bucharest '', 
  stop giving them money and they 'll leave ... 
  how else would you call it ? 
  ok , so from a strategic point of view , what have we learned : 1 . faced with sufficient number of men the police is overwhelmed or will be overwhelmed at best , passive at worst 2 . faced with enough `` you 're racist if ... '' media battering , the police will no longer react for fear of labeling 3 . get enough people involved and there will be no police reprisal , the majority will be basically home free , not even bough in for questioning ( 120 complains , 3 suspects , no arrests at one week after the events , the german police union said it feared arrests were unlikely so long after the assaults . ), 
  4 . you can always count on moronic politicians to put the blame squarely on the victims to protect their political views & actions from scrutiny ( because that is what `` the keep at arms length '' is ) 5 . you can always count on other groups to hijack the issue thus further ensuring the actions from scrutiny ( i am looking at you german feminist idiots , newsflash , there were men in germany before and yet there were no mass sexual assault happening ) . 
  6 . time it right and the media will fail to report it immediately after the fact , thus further insuring the safety of the perpetrators and this is how you wage a terror war . 
  you do n't need to kill to spread fear , all you need is a large enough group of sexually frustrated men coming from an incompatible cultural background .
