  so what makes a dog a dog and not a komodo dragon ? 
  which is what i meant when i spoke about specificity . 
   without transparency you do n't have democracy transparency is not a boolean value . 
  it has degrees . 
  hence the fact that you can have a democracy with various degrees of transparency . 
   so you do n't think transparency is an integral part of democracy where exactly did i say that ? 
  you were the one that claimed enumerating all the adjectives makes for a definition . 
  i explained to you why that 's not true and why transparency is not a specific / exclusive / sufficient trait of what this new whatever it is understands to be democracy  where transparency is lacking so it defined transparency or rather , what it is n't . 
  do you know what it did n't define ? 
  see my initial question . 
  a definition can not , in itself , be self-negative . 
  you 're wrong . 
  a concept is defined either using an intensional definition ( genus-diferentia ) or an extensional definition ( ostensive and enumerative ) . 
  neither of those include listing some unspecific traits without 0 reference to the specifics . 
  but tell you what , i 'd settle for anything that points to specifics rather than generalities . 
  transparent and accountable are adjectives that can and has been applied to a large set of human organisations , including the current eu ... so , as such , where exactly has democracy left ? 
  for instance , the european parliament has its members elected by the voters of member states , in a transparent process , vote results are available online ( as well as most debates ) and are held accountable by their voters when it 's time to vote again . 
  i watched the whole thing and i think you will know what i mean : the first 30 minutes or so felt like discourses from the party congresses back in the 1980 's . 
  then it got really weird . 
  i heard all the greatest hits from `` those that have should not rest easy if others do n't have '' to `` do n't you let them say they do n't have money , oh , they have money ! '', 
  to `` war in the middle east are europe 's fault '' to `` we owe refugees stuff '' and so on . 
  it was the ultimate leftist circle-jerk . 
  the whole thing was even better online because the commentators on the stream were exactly like pre-teen girls at a one direction concert : `` yanis , yeeeeh , you tell them !, 
  '' , `` you 're awesome '' and other such chants . 
  meanwhile nobody has bothered to answer my question yet : what is democracy in the mind / understanding of this movement and how do the rules of said democracy trickle down to economy level . 
  i wonder if it will ever happen . 
  and no , `` it has to be transparent , etc '' is not an answer because that is not a definition of the concept , just like the answer to `` what is a dog '' can not be `` the dog is brown '' . 
  i 'll keep reminding you guys about this from time to time , seeing how you have it in your name , you say it 's something worth fighting for and something that is currently lacking or has departed from the eu institutions . 
  lol . 
  i am serious though , in all the things he 's written all i 've seen as definition of the concept is stuff that could be applied for pretty much every form of human organisation . 
  so in this form : - how do we elect - who do we elect - how do we know ( in the purest meaning of the word know ) who we elect - who elects - what do we elect - what happens after we elect - how do we evaluate an electees performance in light of ever-changing needs ( not to mention vastly un-defined needs ) - when does this evaluation happen and then there 's the ok , so how does this reflect at an economical level ? 
  do we put in place a guaranteed minimum income ? 
  do we tax to smithereens those that are bold enough to innovate and take the risks of starting a company and the boldness to have profits ? 
  edit : lovely downvoters , other than not liking being asked real questions to burst your idealistic bubble , do you also have answers ? 
  i asked what is democracy in their understanding and how it will be reflected in the economy or economic regulations . 
  they seem to refer to democracy being in danger and how we should defend it multiple times , we might as well define our concepts while we 're at it ... 
  i am still waiting for an answer, 
   bulgaria was n't a safe country of origin i agree . 
  in fact we should operate on the assumption that only nl , sweden and germany are safe countries of origin therefore all migrants should be given a lift straight to one of those 3 countries . 
  see how easy it is to solve the migrant crisis ? 
  why are we bothering with quotas anyway . 
   to solve europe 's economic crisis within 12 months and this is where i started laughing  a new and democratic european constitutional assembly to replace the outdated institutions , charters and treaties of the european union . 
  this will allow european citizens to help transform europe into an authentic democracy which shares power with national parliaments , regional assemblies and municipal councils , but also respects the national self-determination of its member states . 
  and this is where i went down rolling on the floor with laughter . 
  ok , where to begin ? 
  the eu economic crisis is from a structural level . 
  some comes from a combination of de-regulation in some areas and over-regulation in others . 
  some comes from trying to apply the same set of rules to vastly different economies and social patterns . 
  which is where we come to the part where the eu economic crisis has forms from country to country . 
  trying to find a unique solution for all it 's idiotic . 
  what will work for ireland might not work for portugal and basically none will work for greece . 
  to claim that you will do that within 2 years it 's laughable . 
  so i laughed . 
  making something which mingles both a central institution and national ones was tried before . 
  it was called the ussr . 
  in real life you can not have both the sausage in the pantry and the pig in the yard unless you buy one or the other . 
  guess what , we do n't have a place to buy them from . 
  in some countries it resulted in a continuous struggle between the center and the national . 
  in others the center took over with an iron grip . 
  it sucked all-around . 
  the thing is this : socialism , the form proposed by this dude , does not work . 
  it was tried before in eastern europe , it is tried now in china . 
  in ee it ended in a general uphevel . 
  in china it generated a 3 % uber-wealthy and a 60 % around the absolute poverty line . 
  yes , i am sure third time is the charm . 
  as a trans-national idea , this might work if all countries contributed equally . 
  which is , above all else , a physical impossibility . 
  let 's look at the geek problem this summer : - greeks voted no to the reforms - in the new system , germans and all the other nations would also have to vote because greece was supposed to be saved by their money . 
  so here would have greece taken said money if all the other nations voted no ? 
  what you said is basically bullshit . 
  we do n't label every refugee a rapist . 
  on the other hand we also do n't live in fantasy land of unicorns , faeries and happy multiculturalism . 
  as such we admit that : 1 . most come from a culture/religion in which women exist just to please the men 2 . a number of them have big issues shredding the above belief once they get here and act on it . 
  3 . integration will be difficult and , if we are to look at the recent history , in a good proportion the integration does not , in fact , happen . 
  4 . there is a disproportionately large number of single , sexually active young men with very short fuses which are getting increasingly frustrated both over the asylum process and over the small number of available women ( to them ) what we know is that they are here and this situation and the tensions resulting from it need to be resolve in some other way than : 1 . keep them at arms length 2 . just do n't walk there 3 . stay away from large crowds of strangers, 
   romania and moldova have been crippled by civic protest romania had a few days of peaceful protests that happened in the evening and at night , having no negative effect on the economy , which resulted in day 1 by the resignation of a government followed by the fairly swift appointment of another one , passing the national budget on time , etc. 
  what the fuck is are these guys talking about ? 
  then it 's not even hilarious , it 's just patheic, 
  you 're reading and commenting in 4 months old threads and yet you call my comment late ... hilarious, 
   two stalking horses where do you come up with this shit ? 
  as for trade so does france and spain and yet you do n't consider them to be stalking horses . 
  yep , brilliant !, 
  as far as i know they do , the re-joining process length was an important point against the independence camp . 
  yeah , england can leave , we 'll have scotland back in 2-3 years ... 
  i wonder if it will remain in case of a brexit, 
  because english it 's not the official language of the eu . 
  in fact , there is no official language in the eu . 
  i especially do n't think it should be the language of a country that plans to leave the eu in the near future or that is on the fringes of the union anyway . 
  because it fits the guardian editorial stance which is `` look at these poor refugees and you do n't give a shit and we do , kudos to us , you racists bastards '' . 
  as for the where the majority comes from , they are now calling them `` people fleeing war or poverty '' and they got their asses covered . 
   we have to put out more of the information we did . 
  there are hundreds of pr & marketing campaigns going on both in camps and in countries of origin . 
  does n't work . 
   there is also no europewide system in place to prevent double or multi registration there is , it 's called eurodac and it 's run by frontex . 
  does n't work . 
   we need to hire more staff so how many germans do you think there are who know the difference between the syrian type arabic accent and the algerian one ? 
   these people ought to be deported . 
  i agree . 
  however did you know that until recently algeria and marocco were not considered safe countries of origin ? 
  go figure , you have ads on tv and vacation packages being sold to those countries and yet they are not considered safe by the governments of some eu countries .
