  would that fall under the blasphemy laws ? 
  so there 's a chance you guys might actually send planes over syria ? 
  oddly , there 's no talk about iraq even though half the isis assets are there ... 
  nope , it 's not a contradiction . 
  one is telling the value , the other is telling excuses why you can not reach those values . 
  they are actually quite implicit to each-other . 
  you have do admit that as general values , education and employment rank pretty high in most eu societies . 
   you forgot the broomsticks meme memes are against / r/europe rulz . 
  when was that ? 
  moral support and hand-holding ? 
  it will be interesting to see the german reaction to art . 
  successful ... how many unsuccessful though ? 
  could it be because there 's a lot of them ? 
  it 's simple : you do n't have a religion and people promoting said religion that constantly whisper in your year that you are the chosen people and all those others should be killed or made to serve you . 
  imagine this picture : a. you are marginal part of a society that values work and education . 
  basically , the society tells you that if you do n't have a job or you are un-educated , you are worthless . 
  b. you have groups of pc idiots that keep telling you that your inability to work or your indolence towards learning it 's not your fault , ever . 
  it 's the society that discriminates against you , you poor poor soul . 
  a + b = frustration which leads to c. you have an imam / friends that that keep telling you it 's the infidels that are trying to keep you down because you are obeying to word of god and < insert your inane reason here  you are `` the chosen '' people and should get a gun and show them who 's boss . 
  you are wrong about america after 9/11 . 
  the fight against al queda in afganistan was very poorly executed . 
  instead of concentrating all the forces in wiping them out there , stabilize the region , work to clear out pakistan , the us choose instead to obey the business interests of dick , bush and the big oil lobby and go after iraq . 
  this spread out valuable resources over 2 large fronts . 
  throughout history that has never worked out . 
  think wwii opening the second front in russia . 
  oh , and if they fight only over syria it 's for naught . 
  this needs to be approached from both ends : russia , turkey and iran in syria , us and eu in iraq . 
  simultaneously they need to : 1 . tighten international laws over oil smuggling ( as in catch the tanker , fine the company , confiscate the tank and the oil instead of just giving a fine which is about ... 1/10 of the value of the oil , and leave the tanker to go it 's merry way ) . 
  2 . bomb the iraqui oil refineries in the hands of isis . 
  rebuild later 3 . take out that `` special '' branch of the saudi royal family which funds isis ( let the russians do it , they are way better at assassinations than the cia ) , take saudi and qatari banks out of swift for a few years unless they give full access to accounts and fund routing for specified accounts ( which , to date , they 've refused to do because ... royal family ), 
   our military noses into their territory what `` their territory '' sweetheart ? 
  the one they occupied from the legitimate owners such as syria and iraq ? 
  by the same logic , if the police were to enter the calais jungle , a piece of land illegally occupied by migrants , would they be sticking their policing noses into the land of others ? 
  do you want to know what isis does when they occupy a new city ? 
  they take out everybody they believe to be `` against '' them or `` not good muslim '' and kill them . 
  women , children included . 
  they used a 1yo baby as target practice !, 
  do tell me more about how we are sticking our noses in and how reasonable their actions are !, 
  one that we know of as the part of the others have not been identified yet . 
  ... and that is where the comparison ends  the illegal middle-easterners are not integrated . 
  while the mexicans aspire to become more like the majority culture and generation after generation they become better and better integrated . 
  the middle-easterners do n't . 
  on the contrary , they make distinct and sustained efforts to be nothing like the majority culture , and as the generations pass they become more and more entrenched . 
  their culture itself helps with the segregation and comes to exacerbate the feeling of inadequacy , being in it 's essence an apartheid type culture , where `` the faithful '' are the superior race and the rest need to be exterminated or , at best , allowed to serve . 
   are damn good laborers really also very debatable . 
  if we look at the welfare system , the majority of african and middle eastern populations occupy the top tier of welfare subscribers . 
  add the fact that a good part of the population is not even allowed to work ( women working outside the house ) . 
  pretty much . 
  a large number of the migrants will not be granted asylum ( thus rights ) but also very few of them will actually be deported . 
  that creates a layer of what it is , de facto , a slave labour market . 
  romania and bulgaria are no longer as cheap as they used to be . 
  plus , as eu citizens , we have rights and alternatives . 
  they do n't ... not really, 
  yes . 
  however the big guns have all those nukes standing about ... just sayin ', 
  so we should just accept that from time to time large numbers of us will die at the hands of barbarians ... because humanity ... 
  partly from a certain branch of the saudi royal family , 
  [ 13 % of syrian refugees from this wave support isis ] ( http://english.dohainstitute.org/file/get/40ebdf12-8960-4d18-8088-7c8a077e522e ) . 
  i am ready to bet the real number is at least double . 
  do tell me more about how they hate isis and how they will inoculate the local populace against ... 
  slave labor ... the goal was slave labor . 
  well , then by all means we should take assad down , that will stem the flow of refugees . 
  after all it was a very successful tactic in iraq and afghanistan and libya , right ? 
  we should do everything we can to ensure we get killed as effectively as possible . 
  do you own a smart phone ? 
  a tv ? 
  a computer ? 
  do you wear clothes ? 
  newsflash : those are made partially or totally in china . 
  it 's not like china is a dictatorship or anything ... and it 's not like you are a hypocrite . 
  we live with dictatorships when it keeps prices low , why are we not living with them when they save our lives ? 
  how many syrians did you have roaming displaced in europe when assad was firmly in power ? 
  how many terrorists attacked france ? 
  let 's cut out the bullshit !, 
  assad in power served europe better than assad in limbo . 
   escalate to war because killing 130 people and wounding in the hundreds is not an act of war ? 
  we 're at war already and for once we did n't start it . 
  we need to end these guys and their financeers from saudi arabia . 
  war is a solution . 
  a bad one but it 's the only one we 've got . 
  there is no negotiations with these people ,, 
  i have a bizarre feeling wwiii is already well on the way and considering how it 's going , we are on the losing side . 
  remind me again why are we not putting all those nukes to good use and whipe the isis clean off this planet ? 
  my condolences to france . 
  i hope the french redditors are all ok , safe and have n't lost anybody . 
  til that occupying the territory of another country counts as taking in refugees ... 
  voted by whom ? 
  so what happens if uk demands back the development loans it gave india ? 
  just sayin ' ... 
  he is not just a criminal , he is an enemy combatant . 
  different rules apply, 
  i do n't care why he is suing . 
  he has defined himself as a enemy combatant . 
  how would it be that tomorrow isis started suing half of europe because things ... 
  the volkswagen we knew did n't exist in the first place . 
  it was done with smoke and mirrors . 
  yep , and i have a theory about that : they are so afraid to hope this time it might end up being better . 
  i came from the square . 
  there was 1 loony bin yelling that , he was immediately booed . 
  nobody i heard was saying anything about the president .
