  we knew where they were going to land and what were the countries of origin ( or where they set out from ) : greece , spain , cyprus and italy in one group , turkey , jordan , libya and morocco in the other . 
  setup safe zones & start building camps / center in the second group . 
  feed them the money they need to make the camps livable . 
  guard the borders in the first group , return all who try to pass in the camps . 
  process the people in the camps not in europe 's territory . 
  help the countries who are at borders like hungary , do n't shit on them . 
  work internationally with countries willing to take on refugees . 
  encourage refugees to consider and take those options even if you have to sweeten the deal . 
  brazil is such a country which has no-questions-asked policy in turkey camps . 
  they had maybe 100 applications . 
  work on a campaign to dispel the mirage of germany / sweeden and present the alternatives . 
  here are just a few of the things that could be done . 
  lead the countries of europe , do n't bully them into accepting refugees . 
  most are afraid because they do n't have the logistics to handle them . 
  most do n't have the system to identify , process and , if needed , deport them , not to mention they have no experience in integration . 
  bullying ee countries , who still have very vivid memories of the communist times , will turn back to bite you in the ass . 
  try to understand their fears , do n't dismiss them outright ( or send them to church ) 6 . 
  protect your local population and alleviate their fears by taking measures to protect the european values . 
  that includes eu level legislation that allows for extremists & the criminal element to be deported immediately . 
  just like you are bullying facebook now to curb the extreme-right speech do the same for the radical islam speech . 
   however , human traffickers are known for misquoting and bending statements ( and often flat out lying ) yes , they do . 
  which is why a career politician , especially one that wants to lead europe , needs to make sure that whatever comes out of your mouth can not , in any way , be used to make the situation worst . 
  if you let your mouth run off , you need to find a way to fix it . 
  i have not seen any of the 2 at merkel . 
  i do n't even want to think about that . 
  seriously , i am an atheist , but i am thinking taking up praying so the bombs do n't fall into turkey ... 
  speculations welcomed : what would happen if russian rockets fell over populated areas ? 
  iran is not a country that nato protects . 
  what can they do in a case like that ? 
  what would the russians do ? 
  there 's a difference ?? 
  [ this sums it up pretty well ] ( http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/putin-merkel-obama-caricature.jpg ) . 
  she 's putin 's girl  * let the downvotes come to me *, 
  but of course , she said `` do n't come '' and it was the media that interpreted that way . 
  just like this can not be interpreted as in invitation :  `` we are willing to tackle the responsibility of integration , '' she said , `` and i appeal for us not to reject it -- there 's no point in that -- but for us to take it on board ... and then to shape it so that it grows into something that is of benefit to us all . '', 
  this article is gold in discussions with the `` she did n't invite anybody '' peeps, 
  i was n't paying attention where this was from so following the link i nearly fell over backwards laughing . 
  once upon a time , a long , loooong time ago ( 3 weeks ) , the guardian was the front-and-center of the `` welcome refugees '' and `` convince cameroon to open borders '' campaigns . 
  everybody who was urging caution was met with yells of `` racist '' and `` islamophobe '' . 
  they are now at the point where they are writing this quote in their rag and not losing their shit over it ( just reporting as decent journalists should have done in the first place )  the open borders policy we are now implementing is not in line with either european or german law , nor does it reflect the cdu 's programme , they wrote . 
  we are , not adding an extra burden to our budgets is fiscally responsible , 
  because we do n't draw the line at pakistan , nigeria , etc. 
  do n't complain , we would get both a boxing and a football match for the same money, 
  it 's not a final decision , he has 2 more ways to contest it i think, 
   who is gon na win ? 
  i 'll go with : the one who will score most goals ... 
   how about second generation ? 
  allow me to introduce you to the second generation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvwaikoatwm, 
  * cough * uk opt-out on migrant quotas * cough *, 
   germany never invited anyone what do you think the `` people fleeing civil war '' speech was ? 
   simply ignore their share exactly who decided what is our share ? 
  our share of what ? 
  people who do n't want to come here ? 
  but yeah , let 's ignore that part maybe it will go away !, 
  do explain how fair is that our share is almost double that of austria at a gdp nearly 3 times lower . 
   they never ignored their share when it came to taking money from the eu we 've seen huge hikes in the price of gas , natural gas , electricity and most products to match the prices of the western countries , in the name of `` we can not let them like this , it would be an unfair competition to the businesses of the west '' . 
  no such hike in salaries though , those stayed the same . 
  the documentation requirements for projects coming out of romania , bulgaria , hungary , slovakia , croatia are nearly 3 times as high as for similar projects coming from western countries . 
  there are limitations as to where the own financing part should come from which do n't exist for ez countries . 
  as such , we are being soft-blocked in accessing eu funds . 
  for years we 've been net contributor to eu budget because of this . 
  for years we 've been blocked from accessing the labour market in half of the western countries even though we were a eu member , illegally if i might add . 
  we are not allowed to give same level & conditions subventions to agricuture as germany and france . 
  we are blocked from schengen even though we fit all the criteria since 3 years ago , we made huge investments to secure our borders , etc. 
  so tell me again that part about our share , it sounds funny !, 
   we simply ca n't stop the influx of refugees , since there is no effective way to control the borders anymore . 
  bullish , we have n't even tried . 
  the only country who did ( and succeeded btw ) was hungary and we are shitting all over them for it . 
   what do you want to do ? 
  shoot them ? 
  pick them up , send them back where they came from ? 
  actually deport those rejected for asylum ? 
  so far , germanies return rate has been something like 7 % of rejectees . 
   these refugees will come if people like it or not well , then just lie down and take it . 
  she seems to forget just how irritable are the former eastern block countries , who lived under the russians for 50 years , when given this kind of ultimatums ... so much for her being eastern european, 
  nope , not everybody . 
  we will draw the line at ukranians , georgian , armenians , serbian , etc. 
  clauzel , it 's not a duplicate . 
  the first link is from politico.eu and it 's about the speech she gave at a party 's meeting while the second is from thelocal.de and it 's based on the interview she gave on anne will 's talk show . 
   but merkel promised that germany would push for the european union to do more to fight the reasons for flight abroad yes , we need to do more wringing of hands , dragging of feet , wiggling of fingers at assad , utterly ignoring the situation in libya and refusing to accept that more than half the migrants are economy driven . 
   and to share the burden of the refugee crisis more evenly among countries yes , let 's utterly fuck everybody . 
  what do you mean you are poor and ca n't really afford to feed your own people ? 
  what do you mean you do n't have space in refugee centers and hosting people in tents in a country which sees -20 dg in winter is idiotic ? 
  what do you mean the migrants do n't want to come to your country ? 
  lies , i tell you , lies !, 
  your very rich neighbor , who has millions and lives in a 100 bedroom mansion , decides to call on all the poor of the city to come live with him in his house ... after that he proceeds to bully you , who live in a 1-bedroom house to take on a large portion of those people . 
  that is essentially what merkel is doing . 
  what she fails to mention is that the ** migrants do n't want to go to eastern europe **, 
  exactly which articles of the named documents call for people to be allowed to roam around europe un-registered ? 
  let me guess : you wanted to see how many europeans you can get to want to kill you ? 
   lack of competition inevitably leads to higher costs , lower quality products , and lower quality service how many competitors for the major itc products have come from europe which , as you so aptly put it , the anti-trust laws should encourage competition . 
  fact of the matter is heavy-handed interventionism as we are seeing in europe never protects anything . 
  it does n't encourage innovation , in fact , it discourages it . 
  ultimately , it does n't help society either . 
  then the phone manufacturers , retailers and other people are welcome to develop their own operating system and maintain it . 
  overall , development + maintenance costs money , and since the only way they get income is by pre-installing app , i find that should be a given . 
   merkel is more ridiculous that kissinger ? 
  she did n't ovethrow any country . 
  would germany count ? 
  it is me or are the nominations getting more ridiculous every year .
