  * we still do n't have a legal solution for those who actively try to cause harm . 
  terrorists are sneaking in because that is the nature of uncontrolled migration . 
  they let everybody in . 
  we do n't have a solution to follow-up on the migrants we let in , we do n't have a solution to deport them before they cause harm because of the dublin accord . 
  so we are stuck with putting people in jail , who , if there 's enough of them , will break out and start the marry-go-round again . 
  ok , let 's see about that muslim question by running a little mental experiment . 
  we have the similar mass migration happening with : * russians ( orthodox ) * indian ( hindu ) * i was going to add chinese but i was not exposed enough to their culture to have an idea the social values that i care most about and that i feel reflect on a society as a whole are : * the treatment of women * the treatment of vulnerable / very different groups from the norm , as a larger mass , the lgbt minority * respecting the rights and freedoms of others * respecting the right to life * ability to integrate with mainstream culture muslim : * treatment of women - somewhere between cattle and slaves . 
  not allowed to choose own path in life , not allowed to socialize but with restrictions , ok to be beaten half to death because things , no right of inheritance , no right to own property , punished if raped . 
  * lgbt - must be killed , right now !, 
  * rights and freedoms of others - see sharia patrols * right to life - current glorification of killing of infidels as we are in jihad * integration - partial , maintain large chunks of home culture , especially value which are incompatible with ours , riots to impose said values onto main society , support for known terrorist groups russian * same as in western society * must be silenced , kept hidden * no curfew , no dress code , no culinary restrictions , freedom of speech - debatable as they do live in a police state , freedom of religion * right to life - no different than western europe * integration - seamless indian * same as in muslim society * illegal , but not lethal * some restrictions to dress and food , but full freedom of speech and religion * same as western europe * integration - seamless conclusion , it does seem that muslim religion to be an aggravating factor into this uncontrolled migration . 
  i am however willing to admit i did n't take into account the positive values that islam could bring into our society . 
  mostly because i could find none . 
  if anybody knows them , please , post here, 
  it was not children , it was one guy with one child and it was n't kicking it was tripping while they were running from the police , which is , in itself , a crime . 
  there are countries where you are obligated by law , if you witness a crime to try and stop it . 
  not sure 7f hungary is one as such . 
  you did , except you chose to use it in a very bizarre way ... so far , until the recent labor market opening , you 've been very successful at banning / putting blocks against skilled migrations ( it was a pain getting a working visa as a programmer for instance ) while very freely taking in our gypsies and keeping them fed and clothed ... thank you for that , btw . 
  it was nice not having quite so many around for a while ... 
  we are quite ok taking in other europeans ... it 's taking in barbarians that we draw a line at ... we 've already been cursed with the gypsies , i do n't think we can handle another similar group ... 
  well , there are at least some people in europe still sane ... 
  why is this here !, 
  how is this allowed ????? 
  this is low quality content , it should be immediately banned and the user who posted it hunted down an killed as the racist islamophobic dog he is . 
  after all , it 's not like she was raped by all the migrants ... and in no way can this be considered a sign of bigger things to come / s, 
   how many will be happy to be `` redistributed '' to poland , hungary , romania on one hand , i feel relived of this . 
  on the other , i can not but be a little offended about the attitude some of them have about the poorer part of europe . 
  if a poor man only has a bowl of potato soup and is willing to share it with you , you have to be a real asshole to spit in it and throw it away because it has no meat ... 
  there are actually let 's say less wealthy people who have high-class phones as the ones we are seeing in some of the pics even in the poorer eu countries . 
  they take them using 2-year subscriptions on higher cost plans from mobile operator stores . 
  however , for a syrian to own a latest generation phone it means ( i am using he for convenience ) : * he has enough money & meets the requirements to purchase such subscription from a turkish store . 
  the requirement for such a subscription is a stable domicile , owning / renting property in turkey . 
  or the assumption is that these poor people fleeing war come from refugee camps without food , water and medicine * he purchased it in syria ... which means there are mobile phone stores and phone operators which still run long-term subscription-based services . 
  or ... this is being described as being hell on earth , a country totally ravaged by war that everybody must get out ... * he bought it off a flea market with 100 + euro ( in fact , even the stolen ones go for around 250 euro ) ... we are talking about a refugee who , presumably sold everything to pay for his passage , is hungry , etc. . . has money to spend not on food or clothing or better accommodation such as a hotel ... but on latest generation phones . 
  so ... right back at you sweets !, 
  btw , the `` some syrians were rich '' does n't really hold water seeing how a large number of them seem to have latest generation phones ... were all syrians making it to europe rich ? 
  do you really think the high syrian class came to europe walking or by the dingy ? 
  that 's so funny ... 
  i would have paid to be a fly on the wall at thar conference ... 
  shit ... meet fan ... 
  let 's agree to call all of them syrians as not to confuse the poor leftists decrying the horrible state of / r/europe who do n't understand that all these people are fleeing war and could not heal their traumatized psyche anywhere else but countries with a generous social security endowment . 
   the push back is all you expose yourself to it 's not my personal experience that made is look like 5 years . 
  it 's a verifiable fact . 
  the job market liberalisation , aka not requesting special papers for easter european migrants happened last year for some countries and this year for others ( yours included ) . 
  if your statement of the west ( or germany in this case ) being `` desperate '' for work-force , that gap would not exist . 
  the limitations are still in place for ukraine , moldova , serbia , etc. 
  how does that fit with the desperation you are describing ? 
  you may want to have a look at the unemployment numbers for u28 in europe before answering that . 
   grouping a whole bunch of people and claiming the they all follow the same extremist idea 's is kind of racist aaa , the old `` lets call everybody who question muslim ideas racists '' approach ... yeah , heard it before , it 's crap . 
  especially since one of the roots of the current situation is kind of deep-rooted in those ideas that i am questioning . 
  ideas which are currently , as i 've already shown ( make sure you do n't look at those videos , i can assure you i photoshoped them all ) , being imported into europe . 
  that muslim protest i showed you had 10,000 in it . 
  check out how many were protesting some damn cartoons !, 
  how big do you think it will get when a few million people sharing the same ideas come around ? 
  ideas which i am being labeled racist for questioning . 
   christianity does not have a violent past keyword here is past . 
  muslim have a very violent present !, 
  i am sure the difference will not escape a student of history . 
   focusing entirely on the negatives of islam ok , i give , i am ignorant slave of the islamophobic media . 
  but i am sure you know them , so please point out to me the positives of islam . 
  and no , saying `` google it '' does not count as pointing them out . 
   that that might be the polices fault no , that is the fault of people like you . 
  people who are so desperate to sound enlightened that they forget a very simple fact : not all ideas are created equal !, 
  not all values are compatible !, 
   removing people with violent tendency 's and promoting a healthy culture people will adapt to their environments how ? 
  so far we have legislation that forbids deporting even of violent individuals into their original location if that is at war , even for those who have committed serious crimes . 
   if you 've never heard of the renaissance then i am not even going to bother trying to discus history with you now you are being intentionally dense . 
  i did n't ask for renaissance , i asked for some sort of source as to the mass migration movement that happened during the renaissance ... mass movement to which i could find no reference to in my fast searches . 
  which is why i asked for some books that present that . 
  they can be in english , french , italian , german or arabic as i speak all of those ( i am just bragging ) . 
  and since we are at history and you previously brought up us ... how well did that migration went for the native population of the americas ? 
  or maybe you want to chat about australia 's natives ... or maybe south africa ? 
  i am sure there 's some statistics someplace that shows the number of selfie sticks / capita in syria and thus explains it all, 
   one of the reasons why merkel is so eager to accept migrants is because germany is desperately in need of migrant workers . 
  and yet the push against eastern european workers over the past 10 years has been staggering . 
  it took how many years between bulgaria and romania 's coming into the eu before the labor market restrictions to be lifted ? 
  can ukrainians work in eu ? 
  can moldovian ? 
  can serbian ? 
  much desperation , much wow  calling and entire group of people i am not calling the group of people , i am calling their culture that . 
  would you like me to provide the exact quran quotes and the exact incidents in recent history i am referring to ? 
  would you like me to provide videos of prominent voices within the western muslim community who preach jihad against the corrupted infidels ? 
  would you like me to provide a history on how the grooming scandal was handled in uk and nl where the police were afraid they might be called racists and lose their jobs ? 
   many of the refugees are fleeing from isis because they reject isis ideology do you have some sort of source on that or are we just assuming the majority are syrian ( which is false ) and have not been living in turkey for the past 2 years ... as for those already here , here it 's how it looks in a single country : http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/islamic-state-one-six-french-people-say-they-support-isis-caliphate-1462680 . 
  so no ...  people are very quick to adapt to their environments [ much integration , much wow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0srmpvdiik ) ... my favorite is where one says '' [ we do n't want freedom , we want islam and the sharia ] '' ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmsu9ex-kjy&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=35s )  east to west was called the renaissance could you possibly give me some history books where i can read about this mass human movement i never heard of ...  was basically built by migrants with a similar cultural background and without free handouts ... 
   to justify why your brother in law offers undeclared black market employment i do n't have to justify anything , it 's not me doing it . 
  but apparently the guy is a good person and wanted to help these `` poor '' people out . 
  hilariously enough , he is one of those who , before this experience , would have held up a `` welcome refugees '' sign . 
  btw , he offered the same in the past years to unemployed fellow greeks and he was so successful in gathering help that every time we ended up coming there and doing 1/2 of the work . 
  the funny part is not the smartphone , it 's the internet access . 
  but sure , explain it pls : there are a number of people living in greece alone that can not afford a tablet or a fancy smartphone , and yet they are not fleeing a war-zone . 
  these `` refugees '' have better clothes and technology than most eastern europeans but they are portrayed as `` poor '' and `` having nothing but the clothes on their backs '', 
   you have to accept that you ca n't send them beck to syria thing is right now , ever if they come from some other country , they carry syrian papers . 
  how do you tell them apart ? 
  do you just let everybody in by the means of `` hurr-durr syria war '' ? 
  btw , actually , i do n't have to accept you ca n't send them back to syria . 
  i can however accept that you can give them temporary asylum until syria is stable , go in and stabilize the place , send them back to rebuild their country . 
   having refused to accept jewish refugees fleeing from nazi germany somehow i do n't remember jewish fleeing from nazis doing this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq8nj-zpseu . 
  maybe it is in some unrecorded part of the history . 
  nor do i remember any jews `` finding a gun in a park '' and climbing aboard a train to kill everybody in it . 
  but otherwise , yeah , totally .
