  you must know a definition of fair i am not aware of . 
   germany took the refugees to give other members the time to reach a decision no , they did n't !, 
  they paid lip service !, 
  they lied !, 
  once the going got tough they started border checks again thus suspending schengen . 
  cut the bullshit !, 
  you are trying to cherry pick . 
  that 's why i asked them questions, 
  well , that 's 20 % ... what about the rest of 80 % ? 
   helping other european countries by taking refugees off them . 
  trouble is they have n't . 
  they just said they will . 
  when hungary was flowing the refugees towards austria and germany , they lost their shit and stated asking hungary to uphold dublin iii ... the same treaty merkel had unilaterally suspended only 2 weeks before . 
  after that , when hungary started erecting barriers to do exactly what germany asked for , they started calling magyars nazis and bastards . 
  austria asks hungary to let the refugees in from serbia and croatia and 2 days later they close their own borders . 
  no , that 's not at all hypocritical . 
   they have internet access and can easily find out what country applies what asylum laws and yet , even though merkel suspended dublin iii for syrians ( which means they could re-register in germany even if they registered in the country of arrival ) , they still refuse to register in croatia , greece , hungary . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  in society , especially when discussing masses , perception is reality . 
  aka : it does n't matter what she said as much as how it was perceived . 
  people modulate behavior based on what the understand from a message and how the interpret it . 
  which is why , as a politician , when you make a statement , you have to make sure it will not be interpreted in a way that will blow in your face . 
  especially blow up as spectacularly as these statements have . 
  thing is there were a lot of people here and elsewhere who are not politicians and who warned `` this will be interpreted this way , which means more people will try to get in , they will get increasingly violent , etc '' . 
  that has happened . 
  if normal joes like could predict this , how incompetent are frau merkel 's staff that they could not ? 
   integration into a new society is an entirely separate thing so they start out by violence against one group and in time they stop being violent and extremists ? 
  yes , that 's always happening , we 've seen it on the waves that have been here for a while ... 
  of whom by whom ? 
  one of the recent hundred-people fights was between muslims from albania and muslims from pakistan . 
  are they going to divide them by country of origin next ? 
  what happens after they get their papers ? 
  how do you segregate them then ? 
  or does the paperwork have a pacify spell on it and they will change all of a sudden to peacefull lovers of all religions ? 
  why the hell are n't they immediately deported ? 
   recognition of turkey as a safe country without persecution scary this !, 
  they arrested some journalists a few months back for reporting on turkey 's feeding weapons to isis . 
  no persecution indeed !, 
  huh ? 
  i wonder if this will receive the same treatment from the mods as the original piece from faz, 
  good show !, 
  * claps * i almost believe they are outraged . 
  now let 's go out with a bang and have a un resolution condemning russia . 
  that 'll teach them a lesson !, 
  yes : [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_revolution ) and [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/velvet_revolution ) and [ 3 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan ) that come to mind immediately . 
  i think the 1848 revolutions in europe might qualify as well . 
  at least i ca n't remember any blatant acts of terror but then again my school years are far away . 
  then you do n't know what a terrorist or what terrorism is, 
   problem is you define as ` moderates ' whatever is hit by russians out of your butthurt feelings over western exceptionalism seemingly ` lost ' i do n't define them as moderates . 
  they are just another group of generals who are pissed at assad for not sharing the cake . 
  but the thing is , if they were to win , because of western pressure and to play nice with the americans i hope they might have a more open safe and democratic society ... but then again ... saudi arabia, 
   what other name could be used to define those who are trying to depose elected government by armed conflict ? 
  revolution ? 
  i do n't think i like the kind of stabilization a sociopath can bring ... 
   at least they do n't bomb the kurds like some of allies . 
  assad and the russians are already at peace with turkey handling that part of it . 
  problem is they define as terrorist group everybody who is not assad 's ally ... 
  well , we 're all going to hell , as we are wearing clothes made of different fibers so ... 
  we are looking at the perfect storm forming : sunni vs shiites vs balkan muslim vs whatever else middle eastern tribe vs european extreme right . 
  the rise of the extreme right might very well be the worst part of how poorly this mass migration was handled by our dimwitted european leaders . 
  because dismissing outright the very real and justified imo fears of a good part of eu population is dimwitted and short-sighted . 
  asked to resign in 4,3,2 ... 
  iran is the great unknown . 
  i think in the future it will most likely go the way of chechnya . 
  they will get increasingly bold , that 's for sure . 
  thing is this : i doubt us will be able to pass yet another saudi arabia-type ally , with dismal human rights record , with very thinly veiled financial support of terrorist organisations . 
  assad will totally be a more malleable leader in the hands of putin than any iranian ever was . 
  to keep him in line you have to continuously show him the stick . 
  to keep the other you need to give him several boxes of carrots every year . 
  i think russia will end up being more a subject of iran than the other way around . 
  same kind of relationship they have with china . 
  well , did you see the rhetoric changed after the percentages came out ? 
  i 'll answer that for you : no . 
  starting from the guardian & the left-leaning british media , the left-leaning american media , the german left-leaning media , to german , swedish and austrian politicians , to commentators on this forum , every single story , every single comment still refers to refugees rather then migrants . 
  the answer to every single question or argument against mass migration is still the same : well , they are fleeing war . 
  how is that reasonable ? 
   but i think the situation is one that is far more complex than ` they should n't be here ' . 
  that is a completely different debate . 
  of course some should be here . 
  i will go as far as to say some from countries considered `` safe '' because their lives are in danger in the country of origin . 
  the most recent example are the nato translators from afghanistan . 
  the most blatant one are lgbt people from countries like nigeria , sudan , ghana , pakistan , iran ( are they even allowed to post for asylum ? ), 
  or saudi arabia ( us ' partner in fucking peace ) . 
  every single one of those should be processed with alacrity and accepted . 
  another blatant one are the requests coming directly from the camps in lebanon and turkey . 
  90 % of those are certainly refugees . 
  some of them ( the coptic christians to be more specific ) are in danger even in the relative safety of the camps . 
  those were poor people who did n't have thousands to pay to smugglers . 
  and yet the media and the `` welcome '' crowd does n't give a shit about any of these !, 
  it 's only the ones that have decided to break our laws that we give priority to . 
  even economic migration itself is ok under certain circumstances : that of us being able to protect ourselves and our cultural values from what may very well be a minority ( the jury is still out on if that is a minority ) . 
  if there is one thing we should have learned from europe 's nazi past or from the communist past is that a motivated minority can wreak havoc if they are supported/accepted by a complacent / complicit majority . 
  we currently do n't have the laws in place to do that or what we have is vastly inadequate . 
  in fact , i am seeing absolutely no movement and hardly any of the power brokers speak of it . 
  look at the recent riot in germany . 
  none of the 300-400 participants has been deported . 
  instead we should have rules and laws in place that allow immediate deportation . 
  if you are caught committing a crime you are on the first plane out !, 
  if you become become radicalized here you are on the first plane out !, 
  hate speech against women , lgbt or jewish ?
