  ... says angela merkel one week after working with france and nl to yet again postpone a decision in romania 's schengen agreement . 
  a process for which we 've payed hundreds of millions to a french-german company to `` secure our borders '' . 
  incidentally , they wanted to reject outright . 
  no , she is not a hypocrite !, 
  everybody spies on everybody . 
  in this day and age , why is that still a surprise to so many ? 
  everything bad that i though will happen is happening , but 2 years earlier than i thought . 
  seriously , these guys have been here for a few months and have taken to the streets in peaceful protests with bats and faces covered . 
  the police seems conspicuously absent . 
  i assume the applications will not suffer , right . 
  after all , all these doctors and engineers will be the future of europe . 
  speaking of , it 's been a month since the mandatory quotas have been shoved down our throats and i have n't seen anybody being actually allocated and moved to destination ( other than one they want to go to aka : sweden / germany ) . 
  aaa , they have a justification for that . 
  apparently working with murderers is in the interest of the most important human right of all , the right to live in safety and security . 
  can somebody please explain to me how the assad regime was worst than the saudis ? 
   while we would never compromise on our commitment to human rights , we must also recognise that it 's in the interests of the most important human right of all , the right to live in safety and security , that we should continue with necessary security co-operation with the saudi government and with other governments this is pure art . 
  the uk has supported one of the most bloody , cruel and inhuman regime on the planet , known to fund terrorism , to the un human rights council . 
  you got to love the way they are manipulating the data . 
  no mention that the majority of migrants are not syrians but a large number have fake syrian papers , we just limit to those who call themselves syrian . 
  how are we , a polling company , determine that with accuracy when it takes dna profiling , language & dialect specialist and all sorts of other experts to do it ? 
  oh ... that 's does n't really matter for the narrative so we will just ignore the question . 
  it 's ok , saudi arabia is providing intelligence that protects uk . 
  therefore , atrocious human rights violations and the saudi 's also funding the other side does n't matter anymore . 
  `` i pretended to i choose to enter in a religion where women are slaves and now people do n't like me anymore '', 
   what 's stopping you from disappearing , debt unpaid , into some other illegal job market the threat of being exposed to the authorities . 
  the threat of being found and killed . 
  [ look at how the human trafficking works in us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_trafficking_in_the_united_states ) . 
  do n't start saying that 's just in the us , [ the mechanism is the same ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_trafficking_in_europe ) . 
  they used to do it with romanians ( smuggle them in , take away papers , etc. ), 
  the way the human trafficking works is like this : they do n't pay anything , or almost anything . 
  they just accept to work off the debt when they get here . 
  this is why a lot of the just do n't even register when they get to sweden for instance . 
  the sweatshops are already setup for the modern slaves . 
  allow me to add a new dimension to this : that corpse is available all year around . 
  they do n't hide and and show it only on the saint 's anniversary . 
  you can walk to the church , go in , see it any time you want . 
  instead , there are thousands of idiots who choose to sit in lines for days on this specific date ( and the + / -2 days around ) . 
  yes , over night as well . 
  yes , with their children . 
  yes , most of the times if cold and rainy . 
  it 's like a specific day of the year adds +10 to holy . 
  a few years ago , when my great-grandmother was still alive , my grandmother and her 2 daughters proposed her to make the trip on the saint 's day . 
  she looked at my grandmother and said : `` i do n't remember dropping you on your head when you were little . 
  did it happen recently ? 
  have you completely lost your mind ? 
  that coffin is there all the time . 
  do you want a 101 years old woman to sit in line for days to what ? 
  kiss a coffin ? 
  i 'll be inhabiting my own soon enough . '', 
  expected by whom ? 
  because the literacy and education level data , aka the facts , have been available for years and the reality they showed was kind of bleak ... 
  good !, 
  may there be many more ... 
  so basically have all the benefits ( common market , etc. 
  ) , in fact have more benefits than all the other countries ( aka : the blanket veto ) while not actually being in the eu . 
  i wonder how well the us will take it to losing their pawn in the eu ... 
  * cough * bullfighting * cough * * cough * fox & badger hunting * cough *, 
  proving which part ? 
  [ that he is under indictment ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/7abe9af8-5d67-11e5-9846-de406ccb37f2.html#axzz3o6srvkwl ) 2 . that he was looking for an excuse ? 
  he wanted to drop the bid before agreeing to postpone . 
  he and his party asked for the mcv to be lifted several times 3 . 
  that germany and france are being petty and stupid bullies ? 
  the bullies comes from the mandatory quotas . 
  the petty comes from using this to punish us for being against said mandatory quotas . 
  the stupid part because they refuse to recognize why we were against it , which is not a social limitation but logistics . 
  we simply do not have the facilities to host as many refugees ( right now it looks like it will be in tents , in a country where we get 2 months of -20 degrees weather ) , nor do we have the know-how to correctly process their requests nor do we have the social mechanisms in place to allow for a swift integration ( aka : language-independent jobs , language teachers , skill programs ) . 
  we spent hundreds of millions to secure our borders , lot of those money went to airbus-eads , a french-germany company , and now we are being told that 's been for nothing . 
  problem is we are not protesting over anything ... 
  somehow i remember some protests there this year over the hike in the price of electricity ? 
  or was it something else ? 
  ponta wanted to withdraw it all-together ... 
  laura codruta kovesi, 
  [ laura codruta kovesi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laura_codru%c8%9ba_k%c3%b6vesi ) , the chief prosecutor of dna ( national anti-fraud organisation ) . 
  the wiki link is not updated , she is no longer the general prosecutor of romania , she used to be though . 
  carrot & stick , 
  dude , the only proof that the romanian voter is still alive is that we have n't started to stink yet . 
  otherwise , we are the most placid population in europe ... 
  schengen just means there are border checks instead of just passing from one country to another without it ( think germany to nl for instance ), 
  border checks for goods transit involves delays and extra transportation costs . 
  sometimes the delays are on the order of days . 
  do n't have one , i was considering this a source ( as in something had changed in the past 12 hours and the bid was in fact withdrawn and not just postponed ) . 
  but you have to consider ponta 's reaction was to withdraw the bid entirely , which is what sprung the above scenario . 
  do you want a real horror story ? 
  lck 's mandate expires next year, 
  to explain a bit what i think it 's the long-run plan : the schengen bid was tied to an mcv ( a supervision of the justice system especially with a focus on political and large economical corruption ) . 
  it was a stick and carrot situation . 
  schengen = carrot , mcv = stick . 
  this supervision allowed for ani ( the national agency for integrity ) and the dna ( the national anti-fraud agency ) to exist and operate to such a high degree as we 've been seeing in the past 2 years . 
  since we withdrew the bid we can now demand that the mcv be suspended as it no longer has an object ( or the carrot ) . 
  following the suspension , the parliament , which is populated 99 % by corrupt politicians , will be free to dismantle ani and render dna powerless by adopting legislation which basically makes it impossible for them to function . 
  our prime minister , who is currently under indictment , was looking for an excuse to make this happen . 
  germany and france being petty and stupid bullies provided that . 
  relax , you have most of them already . 
  not to mention that schengen existing or not will not stop them from coming over . 
  they are eu citizens and as such are allowed to select their residence , 
  first of all , by preventing . 
  this is not something that 's been happening in the past 6 months . 
  it 's been going on for 18 months at least and at least 1 year in the making . 
  we , as a union , should have been prepared for this . 
  we were not .
