  what should hungary do then ? 
  return them to macedonia ? 
  leave them in the no-mans-land in between the 2 countries ? 
  what should they do if a mass of 300 people force the border as they have been doing ? 
  should they shoot ? 
  trip them ? 
  what exactly should they do ? 
  i am so fucking tired of the hypocrisy of british , us and german media i could cry !, 
  no matter what they do there 's no win !, 
  ok , so people of / r/europe , i am curious . 
  what should hungary do , in your opinion ? 
  yep , i stand corrected , there were others worst, 
  probably because they figured if they had n't stepped in and saved your ass some years ago you 'd be speaking german now :p, 
  this article with this title coming for ny times is top-kek . 
  not to mention the part where they are confusing the values of democracy with the values of un-legislated capitalism . 
  it 's not the values that attracts them , it 's the free cash . 
  if it were the values they would be so active in trying to fuck them up, 
  wow , i did n't know about that ... 
  can you name a worst one in recent history ? 
  nope . 
  nothing , i just tell the tale from time to time . 
  london . 
  personally i think their though process was like this : `` she is a tourist from a country we do n't like very much . 
  these people are locals and we have to work with them every day . 
  how to be a hypocrite in 3 easy steps : 1 . unilaterally suspend the dublin accord for syrians 2 . complain when neighboring countries respect your unilateral suspension and forward the migrants to you as you so fondly desire 3 . re-institute border checks to send back the migrants to invited in step 1 . 
  i was there as a tourist for 4 days ... angry as hell and scared , but the time was just too short . 
  i have no way of proving it as they did n't register my complaint . 
  it happened to me which is why i said true story . 
  the police will tell you that it 's their area and they do n't want to anger the locals by intervening . 
  true story !, 
  i am so happy we do n't have a local war so we felt the need to import one, 
  long story short : i had an accommodation in what i did n't know was a muslim area , came from the airport dressed for summer ( t-shirt and short pants , [ like these ] ( http://g02.a.alicdn.com/kf/htb1sumohfxxxxchxxxxq6xxfxxxz/free-shipping-2015-summer-new-women-s-casual-pants-fashion-sexy-mid-length-pants-ssf1132.jpg ) , only black ) . 
  some guys with beards and turbans came after me , yelled stuff at me ( slut , burn in hell , how dare i dress like that in this area , etc ) hit me in the face , i ran , they caught me again , hit me again , loosed a tooth , put me on the ground and then , probably satisfied , left . 
  i went to the police and i was `` discouraged '' from pressing any kind of charges , the main explanation was that it was a conservative muslim area and they do n't want to anger the locals by going after these guys . 
  it was sort of a `` serves you right '' . 
  so it 's a damned if you do , damned if you do n't kind of mentality . 
  you really can not win this ... 
  so why are n't the hungarians just let them through towards germany , as 99 of the migrants want ? 
  hardly any will stop there ... problem solved , noboy accusing them of being nazis , etc, 
  because he was in businesses with a jewish mobster, 
  those studies are made on small controlled migration situations . 
  which is not the case here . 
  i did a project in moscow for a year . 
  lived there , shared an apartment with an indian guy . 
  nobody stabbed or assaulted us . 
  been to london , got beaten up by a sharia patrol . 
  been to paris , assaulted twice in the train by africans ( once saved by the gypsy ) . 
  do tell me more about ... 
  i already said that a couple of times . 
  it 's not what she said as much as what it was understood / heard / interpreted . 
  and i think we already know how that played out . 
   you seem to want to paint her as a bumbling fool that just decided to fuck over the neighbours bumbling fool - yes . 
  either her or her councilours . 
  i think lookin at the flood of fake syrian passports speaks volumes ( my grandma gypsy neighbors just got some ) . 
  seriously , was that really unexpected ? 
   she does what needs doing i doubt that saying `` all syrians who make it here '' is what needed to be done . 
  look at what happened . 
  i posted an article recently by a romanian journalist that i feel [ explains it perfectly . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kfjdq/opinioneurope_is_not_at_fault_stop_the_selfblame/ )  europe is the perfect victim in all this tragedy . 
  it is the rich with a guilt trip , the noble that 's tripping on it 's own principles , the child with an old soul and lots of money , covered in luxury and , when needed , ready to pay whatever just so he would not be assaulted by his classmates , bullies by trade . 
  merkel did an interesting thing with that `` come over '' , stupid , but interesting . 
  her expectation was that given how germany is in the middle of the continent , most of the migrants will be stopped by the surrounding countries . 
  what she did n't expect was that the surrounding countries might want to give her a lesson and just allow everybody to pass . 
  also , she did n't count of the fact these people are quite aware that the police can not shoot and they can get their way by sheer force of numbers . 
  so everything came to a head !, 
  [ erm ... eeee ... ummmm ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hurrjoo.gif ) , must be that devastating war going on in sweden or that sweden is one of them poor countries where they get no state social assistance and free housing ... 
  why ? 
  i am pretty sure they ca n't get any further away from the war than that, 
  why are we still shocked that germany would pull something like that ? 
  merkel is putin 's girl ... 
  well , the most spoken foreign language on the continent is english . 
  plus , they would need to work with the allies and those also speak english ... the french can suck it . 
  it 's a good occasion for them to find out that learning another language has never killed anybody . 
  as far as i 've seen , the youth in the german-speaking countries speak english in quite a large number ... 
  yes , but for both genders . 
  also , not years of service , but a short term program 6 months . 
  mandatory at 18 or as soon as they graduate from current school . 
  to be served in another country , not the country of origin . 
  must include language skills lessons for the country where they serve . 
  denmark or switzerland, 
  why does n't the european commission also make mandatory for the gulf countries to accept refugees and pressure them if necessary ? 
  1 . because they do n't want to die , even if they feel one of the causes it just 2 . because they can not deal well with frustration , either by social or by cultural development . 
  that is how they manifest said frustration . 
  because they are scared to be so close to the destination and yet stopped before reaching that perfect country they heard about , where jobs are everywhere , where money grows on trees and food is laid out every day by the side of the street for anybody to take . 
  easy reading : https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/cip.chap3.htm 3 . 
  because what we actually offer is not enough . 
  they come here with extremely high expectations ( not quite what i said above , but close to it ) . 
  those expectations are not met -  frustration -  agression -  conflict 4 . 
  free top-notch accommodation , preferably 2 + bedroom apartments for families , studios for the single . 
  free food . 
  large financial allowance . 
  employers practically jumping out of every corner offering jobs , even for the unskilled or those who do n't know the language . 
  high figure salaries once hired , even in unskilled jobs . 
  the right to demand that unsuited cultural habits be removed to spare their sensitivities . 
  it 's a mix . 
  some expect jobs some just hope for the free handout , some for jobs for the men free handout for the women because working is haram . 
  6 . can syrians live with other syrians ? 
  7 . safe-zones in the country of origin / neighboring countries , financed by eu budget . 
  strict but swift immigration policies that will allow a trickle of people with the skills we actually need in europe to come in . 
  immediate return to safe zones if caught trying to immigrate illegal , removing of the right of immigration forever .
