  we do n't have such a large muslim population , but in the villages from dobrogea where the majority is muslim there is an imam coming ... 
   has threatened britain in interviews with the bbc why the hell is the bbc giving these shits a voice ? 
  nobody asks themselves why would children be part of running down a border blockade ? 
  til that no right to inherit or own property is empowering to women, 
  people think our services are shit . 
  let 's block the city and protest a private business , that will prove them otherwise . 
  under no circumstances should we even consider improving what we offer . 
  which ones ? 
  the concept of journalism has been shamed ( and violently raped ) by the existence of the guardian ... 
  is there a definition of enlightenment that means `` ignorant '' someplace ? 
  oh , that answers my question . 
  the dalai lama ( or , more specifically , the 14th dalai lama ) is a buddhist . 
  rejecting the existence of a creator ( aka : a supreme being , a god ) is one of the corner stones of gautama buddha 's teachings . 
  here , [ in neat wiki format for you to understand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/god_in_buddhism ), 
  no , the question was why does / r/europe hate refugees so much , look up , it sits neatly at the top of the page . 
  his argument is not a strawman , he just jumped a few steps of the reasoning which are obvious . 
  incidentally , you changing the question as a reply to my question is a strawman , 
  yeah , i have this neat [ dragonscale armour ] ( http://static-6.nexusmods.com/15/mods/110/images/3074-1-1323380507.jpg ) which gives me +30 to defense and +100 to all resistances . 
  in this case the resistance against bullshit is very useful . 
  exactly how is that a strawman ? 
  do you think that after seeing that answer he finally managed to achieve that illusive erection ? 
  he def did n't get the sarcasm ... 
  let me get this straight , a little bit before you were trying to give lessons about humanism and now you are calling the dalai lama a religious zealot ? 
  i can not decide if it 's just ignorance or if it 's hypocrisy ... 
  i think it 's only fair you offer the guy some aloe vera for that burn you caused ... 
  the funny thing is that you do n't have a clue about what humanism is and yet you have the audacity to come and try to lecture others . 
  grow the fuck up !, 
  migrants have been constantly presented as a positive because of the lack of workforce in whatever future in europe . 
  somewhere between 60 % and 70 % of people this planet live in insufferable conditions . 
  do you want to take them all in europe ? 
  and you are accusing me of having delusions of grandeur ? 
  20 % of europeans live under the absolute poverty line . 
  so ... what makes these guys so special then ? 
  by all estimates only about 50 % of these people are in fact refugees , less than half that from syria . 
  the rest are economic migrants . 
  imo , the way they are roaming about europe `` country-shopping '' kind of disqualifies them as refugees as well . 
  all that shit with they have a right to the best life , etc , is just that : shit !, 
  so do tell me again about escaping war ... this is not a refugee crisis , it 's a migrant crisis , regardless of how the bleeding-hearts want to present it to feel better about themselves . 
  yes , you are ... 
  i never though i would live to see the day when orban was reasonable and merkel was not ... that horrible horrible day has come, 
  i wonder how the powers that be will claim something that was just live stream like the migrants attacking the police is in fact , fake ... 
  rainbows and unicorns apparently, 
  i am sure you can tell us more about that from your vast experience suffering from this syndrome ... 
  i do not hate migrants or immigration . 
  i do however hate the idea of uncontrolled mass migration which is what is happening now . 
  uncontrolled migration is bad because : it does n't come as a solution to a problem ( lack of workers in specific areas ) it is a problem in itself for social assistance , health and education systems which will become over-burdened in the following years . 
  despite what you like to believe , we do n't actually have jobs or not as many as needed to cover the needs of what will be a few million people in a few years . 
  which means that even in countries with large social security endowment , the mass migrants will still be poor . 
  poverty leads to enclavisation . 
  poverty leads to crime . 
  more importantly poverty and high expectations leads to frustration . 
  that leads to mass revolts the likes we 've seen in paris in 2005 . 
  which will be 10-fold big because , unlike paris , it will have a strong religious content ( i will touch on that soon ) and there is simply more people involved . 
  social tensions of the ethnic flavor lead to the resurgence of the far right parties . 
  we still do n't have a legal solution for those who actively try to cause harm . 
  terrorists are sneaking in because that is the nature of uncontrolled migration . 
  they let everybody in . 
  we do n't have a solution to follow-up on the migrants we let in , we do n't have a solution to deport them before they cause harm because of the dublin accord . 
  culturally and socially speaking islam , which is the religion of the majority , does not bring any kind of enrichment to western culture and society . 
  quite the contrary !, 
  bringing such a big mass of people who adhere to values fundamentally different than ours should not happen before we find a way to ensure we protect our own . 
  legal protection if needed . 
  learn the language or get out . 
  act towards the idea of `` we do n't want freedom , we want sharia '' and you are in the next plane back to your favorite sharia hellhole . 
  sure we do , we are the same religion after all . 
  i wonder if the guardian feels any disconnect between their official stance and the comments of their readers on this page ... 
  they already took in all the slave labor they needed, 
  yep ... 
  damn , there is no better way to describe it , starting from the characters to the expressions on their faces . 
  epic !, 
  you are right , i am the one who suffers from memory loss . 
  i 've been having the alternate discussion on another thread about how you get migrants to stay put in whatever countries they are allocated in and it spilled into this one . 
  sorry about that . 
  i am on my way out right now and can not give a longer answer but i 'll tell you why the minimal income especially a high one is a bad idea when i come back ( with sources ) . 
  question first : i 've been working on the assumption that the minimum guaranteed income you are proposing equal between lets say france and romania . 
  is my assumption correct ? 
  how much do you figure that would be . 
  welcome refugees !!!!, 
  i have a feeling in 2-3 years from now i 'll be watching the news from germany and living in a constant state of schadenfreude, 
  and here it is , the first of the self blame article of the day ... these are media equivalent of cutting yourself ... 
   first of all we want to have a quota system with integrity , this means that all countries must have the same quota . 
  do you mean the same unit or the same calculation rule for the quota ? 
  because the `` same quota '' means the actual number is equal between different countries ... 
   so what ? 
  more people living on welfare means less people working . 
  less people working means production goes down . 
  production going down means less exports . 
  less exports means less tax income . 
  less tax income means less money for the eu . 
  do you understand what the problem now ? 
   which problem ? 
  do you suffer from short term memory loss ? 
  how do you get some people to stay put in a country where they will hardly make living wages , when it is easy for them , knowing the above fact , to refuse to be registered there , and procede to jump on a train and head to germany . 
  that problem ...  i am not saying social benefits should be the same for everybody across the eu . 
  i am saying that up to a minimum , social benefits would be financed by an eu ( or ez ) budget , and as such this minimum should be guaranteed for eu citizens regardless if where they are . 
  so other than the number of letter in the second vs. the first , what 's the difference between the 2 ? 
  is your sarcasm bone broken , honey ? 
  would you like me do a segment of [ like this ] ( https://youtu.be/rpvcc7azvp4 ) ? 
  yep, 
   i was talking about the refugees , not economic immigrants how do you tell them apart ?
