  he was saying it to calm down people and reassure them that refugees will not cost our already strained budget . 
  so ... no, 
  i spoke with some guy who owns a farm in romania . 
  he has already announced he wants to take in some refugees are farm hands for a salary of 350 euro . 
  he does n't pay any of his current workers that much . 
  his explanation is this : `` i heard eu will give money for refugees to the companies that hire them . 
  i 'd be getting free work '' . 
  i am not saying that 's true or not , but this perception/rumor could be an explanation . 
  i 've heard the same statement from various sources as well . 
  ah , the perpetual student who can not really handle the real life , 
  the future intellectuals of uk ... seriously , you guys do n't need to be afraid you 'll be overrun by migrants , you are already overrun by idiots and they can cause significantly more harm ... 
  because taxi companies have political muscle and not-a-few are ran by mafia-like businessmen . 
  exactly what does `` anti-semitic views '' actually means ? 
  false : - erdogan sultan managed to move the country 's politics more towards traditional islam and to pass a number of freedom-curtailing laws in the name of national safety - they managed to mash / kill / dispose of a number of kurdish organisations as well as bombard training camps , etc. 
  i 'm anti-russian , not stupid !, 
  this one is obviously lost , russia will sadly get a strong foothold in the middle east to replace the somewhat lost and not really controllable iran ( following the nuclear treaty ) . 
  assad in syria is a slave the likes of which no iranian leader ever was . 
  as long as the area stabilizes and it does n't go any further than that , i do n't really care . 
  it 's not like the free syrian army were any better . 
  they were some other group of generals exactly identical to assad , not really a democratic force of good . 
  i would however like to see us finally picking up their own shit and start to mash up isis in iraq for no other reason than not to give putin a chance to say `` oh , we 'll clear that up as well '' and setup an occupying force and yet another frozen conflict this time in iraq . 
  as for putin losing over an empire expansion that is just proof that reuters is so americano-centric they simply do n't understand how russia and it 's sociopath president really work . 
   acting unilaterally without first consulting the global community the global community has been globally shitting in their pants for the past 3 years over this . 
  the americans and the eu need to understand and accept that they lost this one without firing a single shot . 
  instead they should let russia clean it up , clean up iraq which is de-facto american dominion , go in and clean up libya before putin manages to setup a bridge-head there as well and for pete 's sake , open their coffers very wide and go help jordan as much as humanly possible !, 
  note how all have some sort of relation to food . 
  in terms of political and military might , i 'd say us . 
  in terms of who would step in and defend us if we were invaded for instance by russia ? 
  in order to protest syrians coming in we shall now commit suicide ... i am against uncontrolled mass migration and mandatory quotas , but this is ridiculous !, 
  and by europe they mean germany/uk/sweden , everywhere else is basically the same thing as in syria , iran , iraq , afganistan , eritrea , sudan , etc. 
  oh , the irony !, 
   it does if you dont want it more than you want other things this makes exactly 0 sense . 
   only party advocating mass deportations is a radical party do you mean like the conservatives in uk who want to deport everybody from this wave in camps in africa and turkey and re-admit from there ? 
  look at the pretty strawman, 
  not wanting uncontrolled mass migration or mandatory migrants quotas does not make one part of the far-right movement . 
  other only-s : * only 7-10 % of the germans were members of the nazi party . 
  * only about 20 % of russians were members of the communist party how much good did that `` only '' part do when the leaders of said countries were respectively nazi or communists ? 
  kind of like the leaders of the muslim faith ... 
  i am yet to hear of christian fundamentalists beheding non-fundamentalists ... 
   nobody wants to speak bad about a post here relating to actual refugee children i actually have no problem with doing that , i just missed this post . 
  from the article  they succeeded in coming here to hungary 's closed border . 
  now lamar sleeps on a blanket in the forest , scared , frozen , and sad is there a particular reason why he is not in a refugee camp where he and his parents would be taken if they were to register ? 
   hungary 's closed border * 1000 oh , if only there was a way to pass that border , like ... going through to one of several passage points and registering as refugee ... oh ... wait ...  the adults are still sitting around , formulating plans for how they are going to get out of hungary without registering themselves with the authorities need i say more ? 
  those damn hungarians trying to follow the law !, 
  burn them all i say in the name of the children . 
  yes , they are children , and it is tragic . 
  but a large part of their current misery is the doing of their own parents who instead of actually caring about the kids who simply can not take it any more are register as refugees where they are ( croatia , hungary , serbia , whatever ) are instead going country shopping . 
  and support russia instead ? 
  yes , because we all know that ussr was not in fact evil , they were just misunderstood ... i 'll leave this here for you to read about the new misunderstood saudis http://www.hrw.org/news/2015/09/26/saudi-arabias-troubling-death-sentence, 
   they fund wahhabism , the source of most islamic terrorism . 
  the fact is if we were to just fucking kill them all , wipe them off the face of the planet we would not be in a worst situation that we are right now . 
  they fund isis , they fund boko haram , etc. 
  perhaps it is time to stop cutting the hydra 's heads and go for it 's heart instead . 
  i 've no idea , sadly . 
  when your sister tells sobbing she is moving back if you can take her in for a few months you do n't really investigate , you start looking for a way to settle them in . 
  i kind of do n't want to push it right now as not to make her feel like i am checking on the story . 
  this is what i could understand : they are afraid to let the kid out of the house for more than 2 weeks because some girls at her school were assaulted ( could be as little as 2 kids stealing their chocolate bar or as bad as beating them up ) by migrants and the school is apparently close to a place they set camp . 
  i also do n't think she is running away from her husband because milo was also talking with me from the background . 
  my sister , her husband and her daughter live in kos . 
  the girls went to the same school as my niece . 
  no news outlet has picked it up as far as i know . 
  in fact , my sister is moving here with the little girl because they are afraid to let her go to school now . 
  i tend to trust my sister is not reacting out of unfounded fear or without very solid base of information . 
  the whole re-enrollment of the kid here is a pain , as the places in private english schools is limited and the school year started 2 weeks ago and it will be at least 2 more weeks before she can start . 
  plus , the price is frigging prohibitive , we are all chipping in for it . 
  after which you are deporting them . 
  2 problems with that : 1 . 
  200,000 applications , 2/3 rejected , only 10,000 deported - http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/inland/auslaender-wer-einmal-in-deutschland-ist-wird-selten-abgeschoben-13601134.html the deportation process is long and not very efficient as you can see 2 . 
  right now the process is done in groups of 10-20 people . 
  imagine having to deport not 10,000 but 200,000 ( which would be the percentage if we take into account the number of people in this wave and those coming in ) . 
  no way that can happen in small groups . 
  imagine giving the deportation sentence to 5000 people at a time . 
  how do you think the riots will look like then ? 
  changed how i 'd like to know, 
  it 's called [ nimby ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nimby ) . 
  my entire reaction was based on your statement  my neighborhood is rich af so that does n't really apply which was a reply to  if you ever been in ugly situations where you had to fight you would maybe realize the danger you are letting into your neighborhoods so basically what you were saying is `` oh , they will not fight here , i am safe '' basically dismissing the very real feeling of fear that people who do n't live in rich neighborhoods experience . 
  a while ago i used to volunteer with the red cross and work with asylum seekers here . 
  i stayed in touch with a lot of the people still involved . 
  that is the rumors that i hear from them but they are in romania/bulgaria/hungary not germany . 
  one such rumor is that the coordinators from hungary were told not to give any statements to the press about refugees and that some girls who volunteer in austria when dismissed when they reported some migrants getting aggressive with them . 
  but again , these are rumors . 
  what pisses me off is that nobody is investigating these rumors because of fear of `` how it might look '' and `` painting the refugees in a bad light '' . 
  it 's also based on what my family is telling me from kos . 
  my sister and her daughter are moving back here in october because some girls were assaulted there by migrants and now they are simply afraid to let the little girl go to school . 
  nobody picked up that story either ... 
  you can actually see that in the guardian comments section . 
  there 's such a disparity between the article and comments ... and you would expect the majority of readers ( you actually need an account to comment ) would be in-tune with the line of the paper they read ... maybe the pro-refugee crowd is still at the train station holding welcome signs ... 
  no , and i just told you why i doubt you will see any . 
  the media itself is very pro-refugees , which gives the impression that most people are happy and content with what 's happening . 
  yeah , i wonder why when they are such : 1 . 
  [ teddybears ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzzy8awajuk ), 
  but with very real sticks and stones ... 
  i love this way of discussing : you make some statements , somebody give you proof that your statements are shit , you run away in a huff claiming to be a misunderstood flower or that the somebody is just picking on you ... how about this story right here ? 
  how many of the mentioned news outlets picked it up ? 
   why do you think that such attacks are the norm recent history and the cultural specifics of islamist . 
  for most , the people working with refugees are dissuaded to speak to the media or the media just does n't take up the stories because they do n't want to appear racist . 
   would it make sense to ask why people eat wallachian forest berries at all actually , yes , you should ask that , it you are somebody who has to run a deposit of berries and feed the local population as well as people coming in , yes , i would think of the future and plan for it . 
  as in , maybe some people eat the berries because they like the taste , but could very well eat something else . 
  but instead , merkel reacted like a stupid emotional teenager and promised everybody germany can give them as much berries as they want ... after that , she decided to dump most of the people who came based on her very generous offer , by force , to the neighboring forests , who some do n't even have berries . 
  plus , they all have red berries , not black , and the poor migrants fleeing war do n't like the taste of red berries .
