  nobody was yelling for higher wages . 
  the average wage for the people in the square is probably higher than the romanian average because there are so many it people there . 
  to form their own parties - yes , that is one idea that was gaining traction . 
  what 's the problem with that . 
  all our current political parties are corrupted to the core . 
  why should we not make new ones ? 
   20-30 years range actually there were plenty of older people , but yes , the majority were young just like ... well , in all the revolutions since for-fucking ever . 
   right now i would n't really mind the riot police starting to disperse them are you that desperate to have us shut up about absolutely normal things such as an end to corruption ? 
  2 something months later, 
  you clearly have n't met my extended family, 
  you guys have no idea what an immense thing this is . 
  first , yes , i am aware that he was under fire . 
  that does not automatically equal a resignation in romania . 
  nor does it ensure that his friend and ally gen. oprea does not become the new prime minister , were he to resign . 
  why is it immense ? 
  because for the first time since the revolution a street movement precipitated the fall of a government . 
  not 3 months later . 
  the very next day . 
  that is amazing in a country where even some of the young ones are so blas\u00e9e and so tired / hopeless that they will start guilt-tripping the people who are trying to mobilize and get out into the streets in protest against one of our politicians ' stunt . 
  i did n't downvote . 
  as i said , a good part of the guilt was at the part of the owners . 
  re : washing the insulation , for us it 's a cultural thing . 
  it 's called `` lasa ma ca merge-asa '' ( no matter , it works like this !, 
   people are thinking the nightclub tragedy was a setup to mask the death of the policeman if that was a plan ( which i doubt ) , they have spectacularly miscalculated . 
  let me explain that thing with the seats . 
  first , the fire hazard certificate is extremely expensive to obtain not only because of the investments , but the paperwork itself . 
  it 's 10,000 euro . 
  for a new business here that 's a shit load of money when you have n't even started yet . 
  for that money all they do is sign 2 pieces of paper . 
  it takes several months for them to sign said pieces of paper . 
  they do 0 local inspections . 
  ok , in the romanian language we do n't have the dichotomy places / seats , where seats are the sitting down places . 
  they are both called the same , `` locuri '' . 
  the law says you do n't need the fire hazard paperwork if you have less than 200 locuri . 
  the law does not define the concept of `` locuri '' or limit it in any way . 
  so the owners declare , so they do n't have to make the huge investment for 2 pieces of paper , declare that they have below x places on chairs . 
  there is no specification or delimitation on how many standing places they are . 
  as long as they do n't have more than the x chairs they declared , they have not committed an illegality . 
  and this is where the corruption comes into play . 
  an honest clerk will ask `` how many do you have standing '' and ask you to write that down . 
  an corrupt one will ask for a bribe and forget to ask the very important delimitation question . 
  it is hard to explain how insidious corruption works and just how extensive it is . 
  i am not sure if you was a very popular italian series in the 90 's called la piovra . 
  it was about the fight against the mafia . 
  imagine that , imagine an organisation exactly like the mafia , but ruling from a position of political power an entire state state at every single level , from the local town hall to the prime minister . 
  imagine the mafia rules and regulations transformed into laws of a country . 
  imagine the mafia bosses giving themselves legally the power to deny the prosecutors the right to investigate them . 
  in this kind of a state you either play along and pay the bribes that will allow you to actually run a company or you go bankrupt . 
  it 's not the choice between giving bribes and not giving bribes . 
  the laws are so absurd and the fines are so great that every time any authority comes it is impossible not be found lacking in something . 
  even if it 's not stapling the papers on the right side of the paper . 
  they are not even bribes , they are protection fees essentially : pay up or we come today , tomorrow , the day after and every day for a month and give you so many fines that it will bankrupt you . 
  this is why it is so hard to explain just how amazing the national anti-corruption directorate and codruta kovesi are . 
  just how much hope we attach to them . 
  just what an outstanding success was the conviction of the former prime-minister , of one of this associates and several other cases that ended in jail sentences . 
  adrian nastase invented and grandfathered this system . 
  he is the one that put it in place . 
  the owners of the club do have a part of the guilt . 
  a good part in fact . 
  but thing is another good part they did because they had to survive . 
  except ... the owners of the club are arrested . 
  they lost friends in that fire . 
  the know themselves to be guilty of killing their friends . 
  the politicians that enabled and maintain the corrupt state are showing up on the tv every day claiming their innocence and the complicit media are doing everything in their power to wash them off . 
  we will not stand for it any longer !, 
  follow the smell ? 
  ooo , quick , can we have a `` which mass murderer are you '' as well ? 
  as many as 30 of the 50 in critical have a negative prognosis . 
  i suspect this is not the road towards floresti . 
  if you want to impress , show that one , 
  until we get bored , we finish all the countries or something funnier comes along . 
  the bullshit is strong with this one . 
  the kids died while they were running/hiding from the police in an electrical power plant . 
  the police was chasing them because they previously had broken into a construction site . 
  so no , it was not , as one of the guys said , happened because the police chased them . 
  it happened because they were committing a felony and were surprised in the act . 
  yes , they did commit a crime , they committed 2 : - it 's illegal to break into places - it 's illegal to run away from the police resisting arrest exactly what justice are they still expecting ? 
  fire the policemen for doing their jobs ? 
  or just stop allowing the police the intervene / investigate crimes for fear somebody might be stupid and end up dead . 
  did the police throw them into the power lines ? 
  in bucharest the lights are coded like this : 1 . green - go very fast unless is a short green then go as slow as you can so as few cars as possible pass 2 . yellow after green - unless a cop is around go even faster 3 . red after yellow - stop , unless you are a taxi driver case in which drive and stop in the middle of the intersection . 
  4 . yellow after red - sleep tight rinse and repeat . 
  also , for no reason what so ever should you stop from blocking the intersection if you can . 
  if it 's green , even if there 's no place to go , drive and block the left road , those bastards deserve it . 
  because that 's where they all want to go and their leaders feel the need for an extended therapy session ? 
  just because the voices in your head say you are right , does n't make it so . 
  stick around , it 's going to happen . 
  based on how juncker and schultz think , we will soon see a eu wide tax to support the refugees . 
  do you have any understanding of the concept of joke ... 
  first because our singers sucked ... and not in the good fun way . 
  secondly it 's because we do n't pay to be directly in the finals so we were only allowed in once every 2 years . 
  btw , the fact that we are having this conversation and that you are trying to insult me over a song contest explains why you went tripping over the us puppet comment . 
   you 're doing a terrible job omg , you actually believed that was true !, 
  and here i though nothing this halloween can not possibly scare me ... 
  once again a leftist hipster whines and lies ignoring the 3 or 4 articles debating the exact same story . 
  do you want to know why people do n't take you seriously ? 
  because you are supporting a situation which will have as main effects : 1 . a downward pressure on wages , especially of in the lower brackets & blue collar jobs 2 . a medium to large diminishing of the political weight and power that the labor unions now hold 3 . an escalation of hate crimes against vulnerable groups ( such as gay and jews ) 4 . an extension of censorship to ideas that the new comers in europe find repulsive ( equal rights for women , separation of church and state , criticizing or ridiculing religious ideas ) 5 . an ascension of the far right while employing all the socialist buzzwords , you are , in essence , supporting a situation which will generate the death of the socialist ideals . 
  and you do that because it gives you that warm feeling that you are being `` progressive '' and `` humane '' . 
  good job !, 
  i am also the one who rigs the eurovision so you guys always come last .
