   people like you seem to lack do you mean people who at some point decided to say good-bye to peter pan , leave neverland and grow the fuck up ? 
  yeah , we do lack sympathy for people who willingly endanger their entire family for personal gain , especially when they have alternatives . 
  congratulations , oh , empath , on your sensitivity to fellow man ... but perhaps save it for those who truly deserve it . 
  the inteview with the aunt starts here : https://youtu.be/qzuuoaq1mlm?t=33s . 
  the teeth story starts around it 's around 1:09, 
  eastern europe and ukraine/moldova/georgia / armenia have enough skilled workforce to cover the needs of europe . 
  and on the bright side , none of them are going to blow themselves up in the public square to kill infidels ... then again the soundbite is not as sexy nor the feelings quite as warm and fuzzy as < < we are helping `` refugees ''   is . 
  apparently my country has nothing to offer refugees , as one of them recently said . 
  apparently safely and jobs is nothing ... i also find the self entitelment of this statement to be just epic . 
  based on the above , the answer is we should take in 0 . 
  let me outta here ? 
  they did n't leave syria , they left a refugee camp in turkey where they were safe , fed , clothes and sheltered . 
  nobody was shooting at them at the time . 
  the father 's sister lived in canada and she was working on papers to get them there . 
  he wanted to get to eu first to fix his teeth for free first . 
  under such circumstances they could have applied for asylum and waited . 
  yeah , the father is totally worthy of sympathy ... 
  and you are going to make them stay out exactly how ? 
  i 'd also like to know what are the local regulations related to dogs : * if you own a dog , do you pay a fee to an owners association or an extra fee as part of the rent / building maintenance ? 
  * do you pay extra-taxes to the city ? 
  * are there local rules related to mandatory neutering of non-pedigree dogs ? 
  * are you allowed to take your dog to any park or just specially designated areas * and most importantly i 'd like to know : who let the dogs out ? 
  ( it had to be said !, 
  i was in greece visiting my family and i nearly had a heart-attack when the ferry came only 10 minutes late . 
  we went and asked if it was the right one , we genuinely though it was the one from earlier that was 2 hours late ... 
  it 's not even that . 
  it 's that they are going there with huge expectations that they 'll get loads of free cash , ultra-extra free accommodations and that jobs are quite literally growing on trees , all ripe and ready to pluck . 
  as this video proves , they do n't deal well with frustration . 
  in this case it was a ship that did n't get there on time . . guess what happens when your very high expectations meet very harsh reality . 
  next , in a large german city near you ... but then again i am a racist bastards who refuses to understand what a blessing these `` refugees '' are for the europe and how well they will integrate . 
  which amounts to the same shit, 
  there were some comments on some saudi newspapers about how we are discourteous bastards for turning refugees away . 
  i think one made it 's way to reddit , but i am not sure it was on / r/europe . 
  i 'll look for it, 
  quatar , saudi arabia , emirates , dubai are effectively across the street . 
  and yet they do n't choose to go there ... 
  yeah , you did , specifically for syrians, 
  the question is who 's going to be in them ... 
  i love it when we are being scolded by the people who caused this shit in the first place . 
  us , quatar and saudi arabia , russia ... 
  hilariously enough , i do n't hear germans or sweeds opening their borders to ukrainians, 
  no , it 's cause by russia and the us playing like retarded children with people 's lives all over the world . 
  i would like to invite this quatari funded news outlet to kiss my un-changing european ass . 
  isis are running their funds through quatari and saudi banks and sell the oil they steal through qatari and saudi dealers . 
  let 's remember who escalated the conflict . 
  so shut the fuck up with trying to guilt me into taking your people in while you just run your mouths !, 
   the six gulf countries - qatar , united arab emirates , saudi arabia , kuwait and bahrain - have offered zero resettlement places to syrian refugees . 
  [ from here ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2014/12/facts-figures-syria-refugee-crisis-international-resettlement/ ), 
  so , if you are so disgraced to be part of this place , why not leave ? 
  move to ... i do n't know ... one of the other huge migrant lovers like usa , russia or china ... 
  it 's a must . 
  just like a strong intervention in libya and a second one in iraq . 
  however , both russia and china oppose such a movement . 
  the explosive situation in the region plays in their favor by weakening europe . 
  those are countries that should see a strong military intervention and a permanent international force-keeping missing . 
  but the human cost will be staggering . 
  think wwii staggering, 
  looking back on this it will be so much fun in 2-3 years time ... 
  yep , the greek ' 90-07 model was so successful that we should apply it everywhere in europe . 
  after that we all ask for debt forgiveness , rinse and repeat . 
  no , because it 's important . 
  it is essentially the one thing that could break down eu . 
  no way google translate is that bad . 
  anyway , the correct translation she was raped by a friend of her parents , who was their house guest for a few days in casalecchio . 
  the molestation victim is a 6yo girl , the daughter of a senegalese couple who has been living in italy for a while ( or a long while ) . 
  sunday afternoon the parents noticed that the man , a 27yo senegalese , was secluded in the girl 's bedroom and the parents became suspicious . 
  after they intervened , the little girl , in tears , told the story of what happened earlier : the 27yo , after having touched her intimate parts , masturbated in front of her . 
  the parents called the police who arrested the man and saved him from being lynched by the father . 
  the 27yo , living in italy since 2011 as refugee , is accused of sexual assault of a minor . 
  quick , somebody send juncker a map of the world and show him that true continents such as ... well , every single one except australia , are , in fact , split into national categories . 
  even in antarctica the research bases belong to one nation or another . 
  but otherwise i agree . 
  no country should shut down it 's borders . 
  we should open them wide and wave the migrants across to whatever country they want to go to . 
  setup trains , buses and planes to their desired destination ... and we all know exactly which 2 those are . 
  and after we could pass around popcorn and marshmallows watching them burn . 
  the syrians are the wrong kind of muslims vs quatari . 
  meanwhile , will eu give greece the money it needs to do that or will it give to turkey because erdogan sultan has been so amazingly good and supportive regarding eu 's refugee plan and has never threatened eu to use the `` migrant-bomb '' ? 
  will eu it give any kind of support ? 
  will merkel , who was partially to blame for the numbers we 're seeing , try to put the cat back in the bag and impose hard limits on migrants acceptance ( which is the major magnet ) ? 
  of course not , do n't be silly !, 
  that would make sense and sense , decency and anything remotely resembling logic has long since left eu 's institutions !, 
  so where is greece left ? 
  a bankrupt state with a staggering unemployment and poverty problem left to deal with an ever increasing pressure from these migrants ? 
  how long until we see them having run-ins with the greece military which will probably result in deaths ? 
  once they get their citizenship it will not matter . 
  this is the same organisation that says 2 adults of the same gender should not be allowed to share their lives . 
  2 consenting adults = baaaad , one adult abusing a child = goood !, 
  why do we do this again ? 
  i though it was obvious by now we speak different languages . 
  why do we need to re-affirm that from time to time ? 
   if you describe every aspect can you really describe every single adjective of such a complex reality as democracy and still make sense ? 
  wan na bet that at some point it gets self-contradictory  does need have to have a head to be a dog but i am not asking for an abstract definition of democracy . 
  i am asking for the specific blend of democracy proposed by this movement and how it will trickled down to economics . 
  which is why just enumerating the general characteristics does not answer the question . 
   i still do n't know whether you think eu transparency could or should be improved that is because my own position is irrelevant to the discussion at hand and i think you are using this as a distraction tactic from the starting question . 
  i am not asking to be given an answer that i will agree with . 
  i am asking to be given a truthful answer as seen by them . 
   part of the dog is a head . 
  the head is also part of every single other mammal and a lot of other animals .
