  so i was wondering if there is n't something more that i missed . 
  so exactly what did she do to others ? 
   our society and its institutions are n't in any position to protect those affected by the violence why the hell are n't they in any position ? 
  what are they lacking in term of tools ? 
  this article , to my ears , sounds like sounds like `` oh , why are you complaining , you should be used to it by now , bitch ! '', 
   vows to continue terror fight ... what terror fight ? 
  back in the days there were higher standards for sainthood . 
  now it 's just not stealing or committing sexual assault . 
  / s  if sex and relationship classes are important for children , why not newly arrived adults ? 
  yes , send them to classes , because that is how you solve 16 to 30 years of religious indoctrination that says women are just objects with tits ready to be plucked . 
   sixth , more broadly , europe now needs an ` integration policy ' that looks at a range of factors to help newly arrived refugees to integrate better europe first needs to define what the hell integration means . 
  because if we are to look at germany and sweden , integration means us accepting their ways and bowing over backwards to accommodate their shitty culture . 
  too late , the brits got him ... 
   there is a considerable gap between the initiatives at european level and actually coping with the large number of refugees , who deserve to be treated with respect , charity and fairness on arrival . 
  so why do they deserve to be treated with charity ? 
  it 's the deserve part that bothers me . 
  and since we are speaking of respect , do n't our laws also deserve to be treated with respect by them ? 
  because that particular geiger counter has been yelling it 's little lungs out . 
   properly equipped reception centers where refugees are taken care of and registered well marked and lighted so the `` refugees '' know which places to avoid . 
  because that has been the problem . 
  not enough registration centers in the bordering countries , not that the `` refugees '' adamantly refuse to be registered . 
  if this was a hole to stick your head in , your eyes would probably see china . 
   to prevent or end wars by political means and induce other countries or external powers to engage constructively me looks at libya . 
  me looks at iraq . 
  me looks at syria . 
  me looks at afganistan . 
  me looks at etirea . 
  me looks at pakistan . 
  me looks at iran . 
  me looks at morocco . 
  me looks at every other country sending `` refugees '' in ... me laughs very hard indeed . 
   fifthly , the eu needs a common asylum and immigration policy that would also enable it to share burdens fairly among member states . 
  agreed , but i 'd like it to be based on the eastern european approach , not the german or the swedish one which , as we 've seen , has probably doomed our asses . 
  so looking at the numbers , what have we learned :  19 suspects so far out of how many hundreds ? 
  not only in koln , but in the other cities as well ? 
  if i were to take the smallest number of estimated perpetrators , that 's 400 . 
  19 suspects ( out if which no arrests ) = 4.75 % success rate . 
  560 victims in one city alone . 
  that 's abysmal !, 
   nine suspects are illegally in germany that 's almost half of the suspects . 
  a problem in itself . 
   which nine were registered after september 2015 . 
  again , almost half . 
  how was that theory about how vast majority of refugees ? 
  if the percentage maintains that `` vast majority of refugees '' theory takes a huge hit . 
   14 of the 19 suspects come from north african countries , mainly from morocco . 
  only one of them was syrian is there a war in morocco that i did n't hear about ? 
   40 percent of north african immigrants become delinquent within a year what was that about the vast majority again ? 
  btw , the number is soft , it refers to those being caught , not to those committing the crimes . 
  based on the 4.75 % above that number becomes downright scary  the numbers refer to how many refugees commit a crime within one year after detection of the illegal residence . 
  so that means they are still here within a year of being known as illegals . 
  how does that play into the mandatory quotas theory and the expectation that people will stay put because otherwise it would be illegal ? 
   were coordinated actions or organized crime newsflash : that 's in no way more reassuring . 
  it means this can happen again with no warning and no way to stop / prevent it . 
  that 's scarier !, 
   the investigators also have evidence that the `` taharrusch dschamai '' became known in arab countries under the term `` assault like sexual offenses '' were now imported to germany . 
  erm ... repeat after me like a brain-dead mantra : `` refugees welcome ! '', 
  one wonders if the same worries would be in place if poland government was pro-migrants and pro-mandatory quotas, 
   voices denouncing these assaults on womens ' rights because they come from sections of society that have historically been opposed to said rights the fundamental flaw is exactly this : those voices come from pretty much all sections of society , not just from the far right . 
  from the middle , from the populars , from the mid-right , etc. 
  to say `` omg , all the other people are trying to steal our thunder '' because they are all racists it 's a fundamental flaw . 
  in fact , the only section which came with either attempts to cover it up or to down-play it as `` cultural differences '' or attempts to blame the victim have been from the so called historical feminist allies . 
  and while we are at allies , if you want to laugh at something , look at any given country parliamentary makeup and count the women in political positions belonging to the left spectrum and to the right spectrum . 
  thank you , i 'll go with the enemies if these are the friends . 
  i just love how you pick certain organisations while totally forgetting others because they do n't fit with the rhetoric . 
  i am sorry , but this position is fundamentally flawed . 
  it 's essentially saying `` how dare you be for women rights , we are the only ones entitled to be for women rights because things ... '', 
  that 's actually even worst ... 
   sexual violence in significant part by the people she is trying to whitewash . 
   being kept out of leadership positions more than half the major political parties in eu have quotas for women in leadership positions and on elective spots . 
  also , allow me to introduce you [ to her ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angela_merkel ) . 
  out of leadership positions indeed . 
   societal treatment such as ? 
   expectations such as ? 
   eddit where feminism is the devil no , it 's the stupid people who claim to be feminists that are the devil . 
  they do more damage to the movement than 1000 red-pillers could because they make it lose credibility . 
  i am so `` happy '' that german feminists have found a way to make the movement even more of a joke than the americans had made it . 
   no based on what ? 
  and risk being branded a racist and losing job/friends/etc for having defended yourself against a horde of barbarians ? 
  hm ... stick around for a while ... 
  it depends on where you look to get hints : * reality and recent history : ghettos * the mind of the welcome culture hipsters : land of milk , honey and unicorns, 
  lets not protect young girls because it might benefit our political enemy ... what the hell is wrong with that society ?? 
  so when exactly has walking down a street after dark become risky behavior ? 
  it did n't used to be 3 years ago ... 
  well , the streets are not supposed to be shark infested waters for several reasons : * we are not animals . 
  we have a conscience and the understanding of what is legal or not * we pay some people to make said streets safe, 
  this is not `` do n't cross the street if there 's a car coming '' or `` if you see a hole , walk around it not through it '' . 
  this is somebody telling women they should restrict their freedoms to accommodate thugs . 
  do you really lack the common sense to understand the difference ? 
  ftfy : will the guy i am taking in for free disapprove of my single heathen lifestyle and why the hell should i care what he thinks . 
   he told me of his 37-day odyssey across land and sea yes , poor guy having had to make the perilous trek through war-torn eastern europe , italy and france . 
   guilty for what i have , for the easy life i lead , for complaining about trivial things and that 's the gist of it . 
  well , if you want to atone for having stuff , fine by me , atone away . 
  but writing pieces of shit like this to try and guilt-trip other people into doing the same as the retardian and the leftist hipsers are doing is absurd !, 
  just as absurd as white-washing recent events with `` it 's just cultural differences , he 's used for his females to cook for him , lol '' . 
   but do people seriously think we can just close our borders , prevent more refugees from coming , and maybe kick those out who are causing trouble ? 
  yes , and since that is the path we have yet to take and the solution we have not tried out so far , i say you have no grounds to claim otherwise . 
   it 's not like germany has the right to close its borders . 
  ok , then you take them all . 
  it 's where they want to go anyway .
