  we should n't judge such a remote times with contemporary standards . 
  i could never wrap my head about his kind of mentality . 
  _ when i draw muhammad , it 's free speech , when you protest it - it 's extremism !!!!!!!, 
  getting raped can really fuck you up , regardless your gender . 
  edit : nevermind , i was trying to be witty . 
  attack the argument , not the person . 
  the subbreddits he visits are irrelevant in this discussion . 
  especially / r/mensrights . 
  i 'm not an mra , but i 'm tired of the sun being used as an ad hominem . 
  they 're not some bunch of misogynistic neckbeards , and the general idea of mrm is to fight the problems men face . 
  the amount of sexist minority in mrm is no bigger than in feminism . 
  the downvoting thing is common in all reddit . 
  your could also check out wroc\u0142aw . 
  definitely the most beautiful cities in poland . 
  warsaw - i 've been there a couple of times ; it had its nice spots , but is in general not as nice as the other cities i mentioned . 
  pretty average , i 'd say . 
  outside poland - czech republic 's ostrava and prague . 
  i managed to forget . 
  good news is good . 
  unless they go somewhere further and do n't have enough power to get back . 
  that 's where public chargers come in . 
  it 'll then be a vicious cycle . 
  people wo n't buy it because there are no chargers , there will be no chargers because people do n't buy it . 
  it does . 
  not the parliament , but our voting habits . 
  we have low voting turnout in every elections held in the country - therefore no surprise it happened here , too . 
  we generally have low voting turnout . 
  with our parliamentary elections it 's ~ 50 % every time . 
  well , this is actually offensive . 
  just as much as it 'd be with genders reversed . 
  we already heard that once . 
  i think you should doublecheck your definition of ` occupation ' . 
  here , i 'll help you : _ 3 . 
  invasion , conquest , and control of a nation or territory by foreign armed forces . 
  the military government exercising control over an occupied nation or territory . _ ~ [ the free dictionary ] ( http://www.thefreedictionary.com/occupation ), 
  americans left germany [ 25 years ago ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_the_final_settlement_with_respect_to_germany ) . 
  and they ( & amp ; other allies ) were there because of the war . 
  if there was no war , germany would n't be occupied . 
  no , it should n't . 
  where did you get that idea from ? 
  well , germany should n't had started the ww2 in the first place . 
  dude , if not the link , i 'd think you are joking :d, 
  and / r/askeurope, 
  most of emigrants leave their country because they ca n't have a decent life there , not because their culture is shitty . 
   technically assimilation is blending into the other culture . 
  i do n't see how he is blending into the finnish culture . 
  living by the law is just that . 
  it 's not assimilation . 
  i may not follow the definition of the word `` assimilation '' , but obeying the law sounds like enough . 
  why tell people how to live if they already follow the rule of law ? 
  i 'm surprised switzerland and luxemburg are at poland 's level . 
  thought they 're at their neighbors ' . 
  well , you can be an assimilated muslim , you know ? 
   instead finnish girl is assimilated with arabic culture in finland . 
  to be assimilated does n't mean to believe the god ( or no god ) of the local population . 
  it means to live the way you want as long as you obey the law . 
   perhaps , but i also know a case of polish girl in uk who married iranian guy and was forced to change her name and wear nihab outside of her house . 
  there are plenty of cases like that , and this is signal of lack of assimilation . 
  no matter if the girl is asked or not . 
  it does actually matter . 
  if her husband leaves it up to her decide for herself how to dress ( regardless her actual decision ) and behave , i see them as quite westernized . 
  this extent of the _ my way or the highway _ mentality does n't really help with assimilating other cultures , ya ` know ? 
  surprising or not , it 's completely ok and up to them to decide . 
  they are n't harming anyone . 
  in countries like turkey or bahrain ( where i live ) , it 's up to the woman if she covers herself . 
   burqa is not part of finish culture it does n't mean she ca n't wear it . 
   the fact that finnish girl wear one mean it ** is imposed by her husband . 
  ** how can you be sure of that ? 
  i mean , i 'm aware of the stereotype , but living in a muslim country for three years , most of the girls i know who wore some sort of scarf , covered themselves by choice . 
  i know it 's not always the case , but you ca n't be sure just by looking at them . 
  this way you could simply assume they are terrorists , too . 
   but just last saturday i saw a finnish girl wearing burqa accompanying her husband ( growing that fantastic pubic hair looking beard ) . 
  i can not get it . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  were they breaking the law or something ? 
  if you ca n't get , does n't mean it 's bad . 
   so according to pure logic they are not muslim . 
  or is islam something where you choose what to believe from the quran and what not ? 
  it does not make sense . 
  does their boss muhammad allow such `` half-belief '' ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  that 's why every single muslim is very dangerous because you never know when he or she decides to start believing in those parts of q that they did n't believe in before . 
  do you realize it 's exactly the same with christianity ? 
  born in / r/poland , live in / r/bahrain , planning on moving to / r/sweden after making my bachelors in krakow , poland . 
  only the biggest are in the parliament , though . 
  link in polish , sorry - failed to find an english list . 
  ok , but why would voters have a right to tell an adult person about who can they marry ? 
  i mean , if both people are adults and want to pursue it , why forbid them ? 
  then what 's the case ? 
  marriage in general . 
  so you ca n't marry because i tell you so ? 
  marriage is a personal matter , gay or not . 
  i 'll just leave that here : _ great minds discuss ideas ; average minds discuss events ; small minds discuss people . _ ~ eleanor roosevelt, 
  why would you want to have an opinion about someone else 's personal matter that does n't affect you in a slightest ? 
  a person 's sexual orientation is n't something worth having an opinion about . 
  _ mind you or anyone who dares to say that as a counterargument - abuse of any kind is n't a personal matter . 
  and no , homosexuality \u2260 abuse . _, 
  this article makes it out to be as if it was all about eu - while it really was n't . 
  people are dissatisfied with the way platforma obywatelska ( komorowski 's party ) governs and want things to change . 
  people are frustrated with internal issues , like beaurocracy , high taxes getting wasted on it , low wages , and lack of jobs .
