  it 's polish denonym for a romanian , too . 
  do n't really know why it 's like this . 
  guys , we could high five . 
  that 's why this country is so screwed up . 
  nothing gets better when all you do is talking . 
  you do zero , you get zero . 
  * precision - we 'd be at least as rich if we were at least as half precise as germans are ; * something like estonia 's x-road - nowaday 's beaurocracy in poland is lethal ; * politicians who do n't just fight over everything and actually try doing anything good . 
  they keep fighting over [ the smolensk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_polish_air_force_tu-154_crash ) 4 years now . 
  useless ; * people complaining less and doing more . 
  everyone say nothing is changing and politicians are the same . 
  well , in the post-communist era , the voting frequency fluctuates about 50 % . 
  so just half a people who can vote actually do it ; * better infrastructure . 
  sure it 's getting better , but it 's still a long way to go . 
  by 1941 , new zealand had created a near-universal health care system . 
  on july 5 , 1948 , the united kingdom implemented its universal national health service . 
  universal health care was next introduced in the nordic countries of sweden ( 1955 ) , iceland ( 1956 ) , norway ( 1956 ) , denmark ( 1961 ) , and finland ( 1964 ) . 
  universal health insurance was then implemented in japan ( 1961 ) , saskatchewan ( 1962 ) followed by the rest of canada ( 1968 -- 1972 ) , and twice in australia ( 1974 and 1984 ) . 
  universal national health services were then introduced in the southern european countries of italy ( 1978 ) , portugal ( 1979 ) , greece ( 1983 ) , spain ( 1986 ) and brazil ( 1988 ) , followed by the asian countries of south korea ( 1989 ) , taiwan ( 1995 ) , and israel ( 1995 ) . 
  from the 1970s to 1990s , the western european countries of austria , belgium , france , germany and luxembourg expanded their social health insurance systems to provide universal or near-universal coverage , as did the netherlands ( 1986 and 2006 ) and switzerland ( 1996 ) . 
  czech . 
  for me as a polishman it actually sounds quiet funny . 
  also russian . 
  polish sounds hard as hell even for me , russian is much ` softer ' . 
  brothers to polish  do n't have a sea , but have the balaton lake , which is quiet cool . 
  have a weird language . 
  have a great food . 
  well , as long as they feel european and integrate , i see no problem . 
  for me it 's like in usa - as long as you feel american and hold american passport , you 're american . 
  to me it 's not an ethnicity issue , rather a cultural one . 
  whatever you people identify as . 
  i 'm not the one to say . 
   poland  mighty superpower yup , sci-fi . 
  you can make vodka out of everything . 
  i 'm polish , i know what i 'm saying . 
  we can relate . 
  same here , we reached ww1 in middle school , and started in antics back again in high school . 
  i do n't know whether at least ww2 , not to mention cold war , was reached in high school , as i left in first semester of my high school 's sophomore year , but it still speaks volumes . 
  i mostly know about 1918-now from the internet . 
  * chamski . 
  but i agree . 
  i 'm tired of the victim complex my nation has . 
  the confusion you feel when you read the title as _ middle east _ and see photos from middle earth . 
  obvious question - is hungarian kurva related to polish kurwa ? 
  it 's funny how america will invade a country in central asia because it turned into a dictatorship , but when shit hits the fan in europe , it 's our problem . 
  i mean , it is , but at least be consistent , guys . 
   selling you to the soviet was the only way to avoid a third world war maybe ? 
  if things were gone differently before , maybe not . 
  the west gave up on us at the very beginning . 
   yes . 
  us , french , are here to complain so that 's what i 'll do !, 
  :d ow boy , so we are n't the only one !, 
  well , they liberated us just like americans liberated you . 
  just did n't give us complete sovereignty . 
  it 's funny how often they were perceived as worse than nazis . 
  i had my friend tell me a story of her grandmother , who told her about the differences . 
  nazis came and what they wanted , they took . 
  but they 'd give you papers for that and behave with manners . 
  while soviets came , they took what they wanted and shoot you ; or rape you , if you got lucky . 
  not to say nazis were all nice and shit , but seriously - neither were soviets . 
  selling us to them was a dick move . 
   but we like your glorious nation of plumbers !, 
  i guess every nation has its role in this world , 
  yours were n't ruined . 
  we had to build ours from a scratch . 
  but if you look at it in the way _ it was shitty , but it 's a safe haven now _ then yeah , i like it , too . 
  even in spite of half of the continent being way poorer then the rest . 
  you had anyway . 
  i 'm not the kind of person to call french cowards , but if french tried a bit harder in 1939 , things might had changed . 
  we now know it was pointless . 
  but did the warsovians know it in 1944 ? 
  did they know there is anything else they could do ? 
  because , you know , they could n't do much . 
  russkies aside , you ca n't color me surprised when a spy dies . 
  not to say dead is cool , but it 's like getting shocked when a soldier gets killed . 
  a so-called ` occupational risk ' . 
  i would n't say it 's common , but it does indeed happen . 
  yup . 
  been there once . 
  a nice thing to go to . 
  living abroad . 
  can confirm . 
  even funnier that we actually do have neo-nazis in poland . 
  my country 's is such a beautiful place ... 
  gay couples could be able to adopt kids . 
  if i was an orfan , i 'd rather have gay parents adopt me than live in an orfanage . 
  therefore , it would n't be as bad as you 'd think it would be . 
  people will still reproduce , because giving gays equal status to hetero people does n't mean the latter will become gay , and there will always be orfans , and with gays having an equal status to heterosexual people would mean a bigger chance for those kids to get adopted . 
  just some inferiority complex . 
  thank you , history !, 
  or we could just help make their countries less shitty . 
  no , not by force . 
  put your gun down , america . 
  i 'm all for taking some refugees in . 
  but i agree the system should be fixed - the fact we ca n't do much with the guys without papers is ridiculous . 
  someone actually did that . 
  raised $ 600 000 or something . 
   `` many others '' there was only few not islam-related terrorist attacks in the world . 
  rest were . 
  did you actually open the links ? 
   also the terrorism is n't the only bad side .
