  i 'm not much into turkish politics , so i ca n't comment on that . 
  the war in syria and iraq has been going on for a while . 
  why would muslims ' immigration suddenly get higher than it currently is ? 
  it is n't very likely that the mess will spread on other countries ; it already would otherwise . 
  whites are often bigots too , and say equally fucked up shit . 
  not to say there are n't fucked up muslims , but are our bigots really better ? 
  we got ta fight all bigotry , being selective about who is the bigot is n't helping . 
  because we are n't nazis ? 
  and there are some stats to prove muslims are n't a horseman of apocalypse - [ terrorism ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ) , [ demographics 1 ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2011/01/27/future-of-the-global-muslim-population-regional-europe/ ) , [ demographics 2 ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2015/04/02/europe/ ) . 
   i am especially referring the arab families making quite a lot of children , despite suffering from poverty . 
  natives often do the same . 
  why not include them in the equation , too ? 
  yeah , it is sputnik . 
  it is n't a news to me that polish media are n't very bright . 
  i 'm just a redditor who had a misfortune to read this in alienblue 's web browser , but they have pages full of reasons to double check the source . 
  yeah , i felt it smelled fishy or _ propagand-ish _ of sorts . 
  i 'm on mobile , so i did n't see it 's sputnik . 
  [ poles are n't going to ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia ) like this . 
  again , a hero for one , a monster for another . 
  maybe to show that there are some normal people in the end ? 
  also saudi riyals . 
  frankly , i did n't even know the genocides you mentioned took place ( besides holodomor ) . 
  i 'm polish , and do n't know how is history taught in western europe , but i think it might be more of lack of awareness due to biased education than just outright ignorance/racism . 
  we were n't taught those things in poland at least . 
  i only know of holodomor because i was reading about ukraine on wikipedia yesterday . 
  ps : i just graduated from high school last year , so i 'm not talking about university ; just the primary-high school education . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  this sounds like my kind of food . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  i 'm polish . 
  ca n't i joke about my own country ? 
  and you think holland = netherlands . 
  the same level of ignorance . 
  also from ukraine about russia . 
  i think you missed my point . 
  compare standard of living of uk and nigeria . 
  that 's quite doubtful he 'll want come back to the latter after spending 8 years in the uk . 
  or maybe because it 's nothing bad ? 
  do you really believe he 'll get back to nigeria now , when he already can live here ? 
  i feel european . 
  i am european . 
  i 'm happy i am , but i have no pride about it . 
  it 's just a luck for me to be born here , that is all . 
  it 's not reminding them . 
  it 's forcing them to follow it . 
  keep in mind that pegi is not compulsory . 
  13-year-old may be too young for gta , but 17-year-old is n't really that different from a 18-year-old ; nevertheless parents of both will be reported . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  ** parents are for raising children , not the state . 
  because it 's taught everywhere . 
  of course the level may vary , but people in every country can at least hold a simple conversation . 
  it 's a historical thing . 
  russia behaves like it always did , continuing its imperialistic tendencies for centuries . 
  and we 've been the ones to be at the front with them for that . 
  tl ; dr - we 're getting paranoid because history . 
  just that there is that little risk we may be right . 
  polish nazis . 
  irony of life . 
  _ die trying _ by lee child . 
  _ killing floor _ ( previous part ) was so good i just started reading this one immediately . 
  so good so far . 
  sure as hell there other factors . 
  we 'd been a piss poor piece of land in the midwar . 
  but sure as hell centrally-planned economy of a ussr 's puppet state < capitalist economy of a independent country . 
  we might have problems as a capitalist state as well , that 's for sure , but in the long-term , we 'd be better off . 
  how rich exactly we 'd be , i ca n't say , but comparable to the west for sure . 
  yeah , i remember that thing , too . 
  ca n't recall the exact numbers though . 
  stupid for spending their money in the way they want ? 
  now we do n't steal cars . 
  we steal jobs ] :  / joke, 
  well , poland would be pretty well off if not these 50 years we lost thanks to ussr . 
  maybe not exactly german 's level , but surely comparable to the western europe . 
  why 's belarus and andorra in brackets ? 
  i guess germans would be welcomed with open hands time . 
  i 'd run away . 
  i see no point in fight for anyone more than my best friends ( those few i have ) . 
  and i 'd take them all with me . 
  in poland you do n't function in life . 
  life functions in you . 
  i think you meant _ sick _ , 
  probably too small to be shown on maps of this scale . 
   nation of rapists while usa is a nation of rednecks . 
  and see what you 're doing . 
  every nation has problems , what does n't mean we can all be savages to each other . 
  a question for countries like liechtenstein , monaco , andorra etc. 
  i want to highlight it 's not supposed to be mean or offensive to any extent . 
  just a simple curiosity of a big country 's man : 1 . 
  how do you feel about your country 's size ? 
  do you feel any kind of a national identity ? 
  do you feel your culture , values etc are any special/different from other countries ? 
  are you proud of those things ? 
  british council ? 
  i 'd make a map as i 'm into this kind of thing ( international relations ) , i nevertheless do n't have the technical know-how . 
  poland 's silesia and kaszuby are n't separatist . 
  there is only a tiny movement for silesian autonomy , but that 's it . 
  they 're lesser evil , because they have imperialistic tendencies , just like russia does . 
  they simply have a bit more of a freedeom and better quality of life . 
  russians have fucked us up pretty bad in history . 
  invasions , wars , political and economical control .
