  eu is n't really that high on the list . 
  many voted for duda to vote against komorowski , not for duda himself . 
  and there 's no electricity east from berlin !, 
  you forgot croatia . 
  lesser evil is still evil , though . 
  english , please . 
  for many _ muslim _ = _ islamist _ . 
  ignorant , but common . 
  sure i am . 
  i do n't know about the convention thing , it just makes little sense to me that someone would go that far away from a warzone - i mean , there are n't any ( that i know of :d ) in a proximity that would make it sufficient enough to run away directly to japan . 
  out of curiosity , what conflict is there in far east that makes people ran away to japan ? 
  our right-wingers / `` patriots '' tend to hate everyone , so do n't worry about that . 
  yeah , my thoughts were similar - we were probably attacked when we were a part of other states . 
  that 's however still misleading - since we could n't be counted as a separate country . 
  poland invaded by uk ? 
  that 's a news to me . 
  why would we have to think anything of it ? 
  it 's not anything we need to have an opinion about . 
  it 's as normal as heterosexuality , and that 's a fact - you ca n't disagree with facts . 
  what does it have to do with europe ? 
  poland - bahrain - sweden, 
  well , technically speaking , you 're right :d, 
  i know about the council . 
  what is your point ? 
  / u/enkebabtack says they 're baltic , not nordic . 
  if we considered them baltic because they have their coasts on the baltic sea , then sweden and denmark are just as much baltic . 
  before ww2 finland was considered baltic , too . 
  for all i know ( note that my knowledge is limited ) , finnish and estonian cultures are more nordic than baltic . 
  estonian being so due to similarity with finnish . 
  language is n't the only reason , but surely helped . 
  dafuq it has to do with that ? 
  the legend says what it says . 
  i do n't know the source , so question the map 's author , not me . 
  just the opposite . 
  read the legend . 
  they 're not . 
  only latvia and lithuania are baltic . 
  estonia is ugro-finnic , just like finland . 
  the fact he 's got any fans is even more sickening than the way norway deals with his imprisonment . 
  dude , i pay $ 35/month for 4mbit/s ... and a 15gb data cap ( / r/bahrain ) . 
  i wondered if it 's that 's ridiculous in other middle east countries , too - looks like it may be . 
  thank you czechs for a funny language and sense of humor . 
  we need more of those . 
  thank you germany for fine cars and jobs . 
  we need those , too . 
  thank you italy for your skiing infrastructure , rome and weather . 
  and pizza . 
  thank you greece for showing us how to not manage a country . 
  thank you france for your beautiful language . 
  it 's terribly hard , but also a pleasure to hear . 
  thank you uk for english . 
  it makes life so much easier . 
  this . 
  it 's been 3.5 years that i left , and i can at least have some bit of home :d, 
  a little digress : * you , not u * people , not ppl, 
  well , as far as i recall my geography classes , uk is in europe . 
  if by _ westerners _ you mean people like this officer , i then do n't really want to as left as them . 
  trolling level : sverige, 
  i mean , i 'm a leftist and stuff - but wtf ? 
  you need to be really deluded to think only whites can be racist . 
  / thread, 
  lamborghini is a sports car and ferrari is a sports car . 
  xenophobia is a hateful idiocy and racism is a hateful idiocy . 
  at the end of the day , a car marque will however make a difference - and xenophobia/racism discrepancy will not . 
  why ? 
  because outcome of both xenophobia and racism is the same - unnecessar prejudice and hate . 
  cars have different price , handling and performance , but - at the of the day - hate will be hate . 
  the only difference is whether it 's understandable or not ( in the matter of xenophobia/racism it is n't ) . 
  i think racism is a bit broader than just a race . 
  a white polishman can be racist/prejudiced towards a white frenchman in spite of them both being of the same race . 
  yeah , prejudice is the perfect word here , 
  you 're a racist if you hate people because they 're not of your ethnicity . 
  you 're xenophobic if you hate people because they 're of a different culture . 
  the difference is too little to be actually taken into account , as every ethnicity can be hated for being of a different culture . 
  the difference matters in a dictionary - in life , it 's non-existent . 
  xenophobia , racism - is there really a difference ? 
  they are basically the same thing . 
  polish native 1 . 
  czech ; spent 5 years in czech republic ; communicative ; 2 . 
  english ; all 13 years of school + years of emigration ; fluent ; 3 . 
  russian ; middle school ; basic, 
  and yet there are people in poland who actually want that kind of system . 
  we even have a presidential elections ' candidate ( pawe\u0142 kukiz ) who uses it as one of his main arguments , _ because it works in uk , us and else _ . 
  we , poles can be so ridiculous sometimes . 
  i like your sense of humor . 
  i see now . 
  i do n't speak romanian , so i though it was a misspelling on your side . 
  every day is a school day . 
  thanks , 
  i 'm happy about it . 
  it looks cool , gives space for things like the 6th floor theater and the warsaw 's panorama from the top of it looks cool , too . 
  it 's more like _ chas _ than _ ceas _ , is n't it ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  calm your tits , dude . 
  i know ? 
  he said the laughs are a sensationalized bullshit , not the girl . 
  he did n't say that what happened to her is ok , either . 
  you wat mate ? 
  did you even read his comment ? 
  god , i wish i could give you more than one upvote .
