with the 5 million i meant denmark ^ ^, 
  german media also does n't cover sweden that is pro asyl . 
  if you are a country with 5 million people you are n't as newsworthy as a country like poland etc. 
  look at my flair ? 
  im german my parents are german and my grandparents are german , my grandmother fled from the soviet army from danzig/gda \u0144sk . 
  and it 's your country so you know that there are two parties in a war , and both are shelling cities . 
  http://www.hrw.org/news/2014/10/20/ukraine-widespread-use-cluster-munitions humans right watch . 
  http://abcnews.go.com/us/home-schooling-german-family-allowed-stay-us/story?id=22788876 so like the german family that got asylum in the usa because they think they get persecuted in germany because school is mandatory ? 
  oh and a refugee gets 143 $ euro a month not 1000 $ and in the `` appartment '' there live 3 people on a 8 m \u00b2 room . 
  look at his posting history he 's a neonazi, 
  so what is your solution ? 
  say fuck you greece/italy and close all intereuropean borders ? 
  this is a union and the memberstates should help each other . 
  germany is supporting the government that is shelling their homes . 
  why should they go to germany ? 
  http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russia-says-390-000-ukrainians-have-registered-as-refugees/507808.html or not a russian article http://time.com/2933860/ukraine-russia-refugees/ and in syria are about 300 000 killed not 8000 . 
  who cleans houses / toilets , who operates the garbage collection , who build houses or harvests vegetables from the fields ? 
  who works in the sun to fix roads or creates new roads . 
  who cleans the dishes or works in fast food restaurants . 
  generally who does hard physical work that is low paying ? 
  this are n't germans , we feel like we are to good for things like these . 
  turks or people from eastern europe do these jobs and not a single one is good paying . 
  germany need people that do these jobs , but people that work in these jobs wo n't get rich doing them , they stay poor . 
  btw you will never see the same arguments against chinese japanese french english or other immigrants from rich countries . 
  they are hired to do good paying jobs because we also need well educated immigrants . 
  education and social status . 
  poor people commit more crimes than rich people . 
  immigrants are mostly poorer than the `` average '' german so they commit more crimes than average , but they commit the same amount of crimes as poor germans . 
  for a terror organisation like isis it 's much easier to fake some papers and fly into germany with an airplane than taking the long road throgh the other european states and apply for asylum . '', 
  i 'm pretty optimistic, 
  and we still have a secret service and identifying terrorist is their only job . 
  and that we only had 1 deadly islamic terror attack in the history of germany shows that they are doing a pretty good job . 
  did you reply to the wrong comment ? 
  my comment was for the suggested quota , which would change some things , like not all syrians are accepted into germany , some have to stay in other eu countries . 
  i think you talk about the balkan refugees that are n't accepted and should be deported . 
  everyone can claim to be a refugee and until your claim is dismissed you get housing and food . 
  when your claim is dismissed you get thrown out of your housing and get deported to your home country . 
  the deportation is a tedious progress and so it happens that a lot of balkans still live in germany although their claim got dismissed but in time they 'll get deported . 
  back to my comment , if the quota assigns a refugee to romania he wo n't get housing in germany . 
  if the police in germany checks their papers they get deported back to their distributed country , in my example back to romania . 
  not moronic pushovers ? 
  when was the last time daddy usa said let 's play war and the uk refused ? 
  i actually do n't think so , if they are distributed to e.g. 
  romania they do n't get housing food or work in germany . 
  if they do n't get welfare from germany and ca n't work in germany there is n't a big incentive to go to germany . 
  where is the uk ? 
  and spain seems a little bit high , their economy is n't exactly in a good state right now, 
  in my region we say , that we bury 6 billion underground . 
  ( the new trainstation is underground and preforms worse than the already existing one ) with these 6 billion we actually help people , so please show me the wrong here . 
  what opinion ? 
  his xenophobic bullshit that every refugee is a criminal ? 
  that it 's better that they die in syria than a slight inconvenience for germany ? 
  hey he has a 3 day old account and only posts about immigrants stormfront detected, 
  well partly yes partly no . 
  yes a lot of them only went to hungary to get to germany/austria/sweden . 
  but if these three countries would have said respect dublin and `` closed the borders '' it would be hungarys problem . 
  this of course would have been an asshole move towards hungary and they did n't but they were under no obligation to take a single refugee from hungary . 
  actually hungary did exactly what germany wanted : do n't let anyone into europe like dublin 2 orders . 
  they closed the trainstations and tried to move the refugees into tent camps . 
  but there were so many refugees and hungary could n't deal with them so germany took the burden from hungary . 
  germany did n't have to do this , they could have said respect dublin and the refugees are your problem , but they did n't and `` helped '' hungary . 
  yeah germany took a lot of the hungarian refugees germany could have said every last refugee stays in hungary and every refugee that crosses the german border gets deported back to hungary but they did n't . 
  so until now germany helped hungary . 
  you already have a right wing government ? 
  or is there a party that is even more right wing than orban ? 
  ( i know very little about hungarys politic system ), 
  how do you even think we can solve the syrian civil war ? 
  and yes we should help to aid the population but point still stands , there is a person at your border and if you send him back he will likely die . 
  do you tell him , we 'll fix your country and in 20 years it 'll be better but you 'll never experience it because some lunatic killed you ? . 
  yes we should try to solve the problems in their homecountries but their lifes are in danger now . 
  just today i got a letter and the letterman did n't speak a word german , same for people that clean your house/school/office garbage collectors or factory workers . 
  some jobs do n't require that much knowledge of the local language and yeah it wo n't be easy to find jobs but it 's better than getting killed in your homeland or being unemployed in the countries between your homecountry and germany . 
  and even if they dont find jobs , you get more money in germnay unemployed as in pretty much any other european country, 
  greece has a youth unemploymentrate of 53 % ( germany 7 % ) if they go to greece they wo n't find a job ( especially because they compete for the jobs with so many greece people . 
  not as extreme but in turkey the youthemployment is 20 % still pretty high . 
  yes they might have a lesser cultural shock if they go to these countries but in the end they have to care and provide for their families and in germany you have the highest chance in doing so . 
  richest country in europe , needs new workers , has a high welfare , and there is less nationalistic thinking . 
  our nationalistic party gets ~ 2 % of the votes while in france uk switzerland denmark etc they get over 10 % . 
  yes but if they live in the european union they can move to germany without having a refugee status . 
  sinti is a big part of the romani people . 
  in germany we called them `` zigeuner '' wich loosely translates to moving criminals , and in 1980 we asked the romani people how they want to get called in germany because the word zigeuner is deregatory . 
  they chose sinti & roma and thats how they are called in germany now, 
  sinti and roma get treated horribly in their home countrys and take every chance they can get . 
  why do so many people play lotto ? 
  you can be the one that wins , same principle . 
  yeah the most `` anti '' asylum people i see are from the uk but that 's probably because we are on an english speaking platform, 
  let them all die . 
  great idea, 
  every single one gets send back ? 
  the deport percentage from germany is 100 %, 
  the deport rate from germany for people from the balkans are 100 % . 
  not a single one gets his asylum granted and he gets deported back . 
  so yeah there are a lot of people from the balkan applying for asylum but no one gets it . 
  somehow i doubt you know what you are talking about , european armies firing on people that run from a civil war . 
  we would n't be any better than isis, 
  same in germany adf and npd are not in the parliament, 
  well afd and npd are below 7 % if you look in pretty much every other european country ( front national ukip etc ) we are doing pretty good but yes we have very `` extreme '' racists that burn down refugee centers and attack refugees . 
  they are not many but they are more aggressive than in other countries, 
  of course it 's not ok and the police is investigating . 
  the highest court in germany the federal constitutional court is banning party b , party a ca n't ban party b. edit : ach du bist deutscher das vereinfacht das , hattest du keine gemeinschaftskunde in der schule oder kommt das fach bei dir noch ?
