well , would you look at that . 
  til . 
  i do not understand the map of spain . 
  french louisiana was never part of the spanish empire , was it ? 
  both the wic and voc were dutch though . 
  til there are no rich people living in luxembourg . 
  that 's exactly what the germans did , kind of . 
  but most important of all : we beat finland !, 
  take that finnish people !, 
  than * hehe i could n't resist . 
  i can read and understand german perfectly fine , i ca n't however speak or write german . 
  calling it annoying is putting it lightly . 
  i did n't check if any of them assisted in helping serbia/bih/croatia because they most likely are actively helping , i was curious as why they were n't indicated in op 's picture . 
  can anyone explain why the netherlands and scandinavia + finland are n't helping ? 
  do n't worry , we 'll just lay dry the baltic sea and north sea so our countries connect and then you 'll automatically be part of our realm . 
  oh we do . 
  just come to one of the bigger cities here and you 'll see the exact same thing happening . 
  of course there 's less of that because of our structure in wages and healthcare etc , but it does happen . 
  there 's a post at the top of / r/europe . 
  i ca n't link to it from mobile , you 'll have to look for it yourself . 
  it 's a joke about how / r/europe got brigaded today and yesterday by pro-russian reddit accounts who 've only ever made one post each . 
  i was explaining the joke . 
  it did n't really happen , at least i hope it did n't . 
  the english counted the votes for the scottish independence referendum and used vote manipulation to get a majority of votes against independence . 
  huh , the us is part of europe now ? 
  it is a crap deal . 
  i pay $ 20 , - a month for 6gb 4g data and no calls or texts ( not that i would use them ) . 
  prices are fucked down here . 
  nrc is one of the best dutch sources , comparable with the guardian . 
  amsterdam started a campaign to increase tourism a few years ago , that 's why most people go there now . 
  nowadays it 's so full of tourists that amsterdam is looking for ways to either slow down or spread out all the tourists that come here . 
  you could have just joined our revolution , but noooooo why would you ? 
  though i know antwerp did initially join the revolution , talking more about the rest of belgium . 
  might even get the supreme court too , if obama does n't manage to appoint a judge on time . 
  they say pimping ai n't easy , but koning willy sure makes it look like it is . 
  there are three things certain in life : death , taxes , and belgians being worse than the dutch . 
  yeah m8 , we instantly surrendered . 
  it 's not like we tried to fight and then they bombed one of our largest city completely flat . 
  and besides , what the fuck is 18 days in a war of 6 years anyway ? 
  a * simple google search would n't have made you look like a complete fucking ass . 
   this while the other smaller countries like the netherlands and some scandinavian ( all ? ), 
  basicly instantly surrendered or were passive . 
  fuck you . 
  if you want to fix your forgotten history do n't start spewing retarded bad history about other countries . 
  i mean , have you looked at us ? 
  fuck , we 're so sexy . 
  do n't worry about it , the british politicians are never going to activate article 50 because that would be suicide . 
  just stay home lads . 
  the fuck is the netherlands doing . 
  okay , we will sacrifice ourselves , jeez . 
  belgium , you can join us now , we know you want to . 
  let 's get this over with . 
  while we 're at it , let 's burn all the qurans in germany !, 
  do it in a public place , like the bebelplatz in berlin , to really prove a point . 
  but then it becomes medical , not cosmetic . 
  thank you for correcting my grammar , like i said i 'm still learning . 
  i know what every preposition means , i 'm just not entirely sure when to use them . 
  germans use them less than the dutch , and they do n't always match 1:1 . 
  continuing . 
  your corrections show even better how crazy it can get with declensions . 
  you also did n't answer why we could n't just use der/die , or even crazier `` de '' , for all articles . 
  as i said in my ( grammatically poor ) simplified example , using just `` der '' or `` die '' still tells the meaning just fine and ensures that learning words is easier for beginners . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's such a bad argument . 
  we had articles too in the dutch language . 
  we simplified them . 
  in fact , we have a whole wikipedia page showing just that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archaic_dutch_declension#definite_article and you can do so too , for example in dutch :  `` de vrouw schonk een glas water in voor de mannen . '', 
  no articles needed other than `` de '' and the quantifiable article of `` een '' ( also no declension needed ) , and i managed to construct a nice , grammatically correct sentence . 
  in german ( excuse possible mistakes , still learning ) it would be this :  ~ ~ `` die frau schenkte ein glas wasser ein f\u00fcr die m\u00e4nner . 
  the meaning is still clear , and words are now easier to learn for beginners . 
  nothing of value was really lost either . 
  if you 're not convinced , just try to learn dutch for a few weeks , you 'll come around . 
  edit : corrected examples ' grammar . 
  as a dutchman , currently learning german , i seriously do not understand why they do n't ditch the gendered articles for nouns . 
  we managed to do it , there 's no reason the germans ca n't do it . 
  for all those stereotypes about the germans being efficient , that part of the language is horribly designed . 
  little side note : there are still genders for nouns in the netherlands . 
  the largest one being the difference between the articles `` de '' and `` het '' , but aside from that most people only care about genders in job titles and for animals . 
  for example : `` leraar '' en `` lerares '' for `` teacher '' male & female respectively , but those genders are n't determined by the articles . 
  let 's revive the latin empire , but let 's do it properly this time . 
  if you keep forgetting to link the np.-version of the url , then that should n't get you banned . 
  if you meant you kept brigading threads , then there 's nothing i can do for you . 
  head on down to / r/shitamericanssay where we do that all day , every day . 
  we do n't have a day off when we vote either . 
  but then again , you 're in and out of the building within 2 minutes . 
  you could go before or after work as the booths are open from 7:30 to 21:00 . 
  when you were hoping for a nederdraad but more people are talking about the german version than the dutch version . 
  feelsbadman . 
  that 's weird . 
  i ca n't seem to find my source on the referendum . 
  i 'm sorry to disappoint . 
  east-friesland should have been rightfully dutch , ~ ~ as they held a referendum to stay with the netherlands after napoleon . 
  they voted to stay but prussia did n't like that , and we were in no position to oppose them . ~ ~ edit : ca n't find my source for the referendum claim , disregard . 
  austrian netherlands ' flag * without the emblem though ... 
  so sexy . 
  did he ever become a registered citizen of ~ ~ wales ~ ~ the uk ? 
  edit : til there 's no such thing as scottish/welsh/n . 
  irish ( ? 
  ) / english citizenship . 
  never understood this as english = dutch ( or more accurately frisian & niedersaksisch ) + french , so your equation ca n't work . 
  both niedersaksisch and bairisch sound better and friendlier than modern german .
