  even though i know it 's different ... 
  so i simply do n't understand what spain does to warrant catalonia wanting to separate . 
  but again , thanks for the answer, 
  my support was a little egocentrical to say . 
  in general , i meant , why should the eu support and recognize it ? 
  none taken . 
  but if people do n't see a legitimate reason for catalunya to exist and spain continues to claim sovereignty over the region ... and they do n't have a real good reason as to why they want to leave ... then would n't they basically be like taiwan ? 
  catalonians , can you guys tell me why anyone should support you guys ? 
  the whole economic argument probably wo n't sway many people , but perhaps there is another reason ? 
  edit : edited to make it sound less egocentrical . 
  you blind , bro ? 
  what ? 
  buddy , immigrants are not the reason welfare is doing badly in the us . 
  okay , i did n't think that i 'd have to spell it out for you , but it seems that some people just need a little help . 
  if the people speaking a language use certain words a certain way , and it catches up with the populace , people will begin using that word in that way . 
  for example , we can take the word `` awful '' . 
  why do n't you use `` awful '' in the way that your forefathers intended you to ? 
  why do you use it , instead , to say `` very '' or `` terrible '' ? 
  a language is just a means of communicating . 
  it is a beautiful thing that has its twists and turns , and influences , and history . 
  yet , the most important thing about a language is to be able to get your point across . 
  if you want to start a revolution to change all the words in your sentence to a new meaning , go ahead , by all means . 
  but the main component of language is that other people understand you . 
  you clearly understood what the guy meant , and you see how accepted it is becoming , so why fight it ? 
  and what if they 're not there ? 
  how long did it take dictionaries to put that the definition of `` literally '' is `` figuratively '' ? 
  times change and so does the language . 
  am i saying it 's correct ? 
  i hate how literally is just a modifier now . 
  but the language changes . 
  there 's a reason why you ca n't understand what how people spoke 200 years from now 100 % . 
  words and meanings change . 
  you get used to it because it will happen sooner or later . 
  why does n't it ? 
  how do you think a word changes ? 
  because some scholar said its meaning should change ? 
  because usage dictates it should change . 
  who made you the duke of the english language ? 
  the meaning of racism has changed . 
  it simply means discriminatory nowadays . 
  you can keep your own meaning , but it 's stupid to criticize the meaning of a word when it gains a new meaning . 
  yeah , i figured that they would go to europe after returning to the middle east , but they 're not asking the government to go to europe . 
  i think it 's perfectly acceptable that they should ask to return to their own country if that was it . 
  sadly , the timing of their requests and the fact that bbc said that they wanted to go to europe ( although i 'm not sure if that 's the bbc guessing or quoting them ) makes me believe they would n't even stay home for long . 
  believe me , as a native south american , it irritates me just as much it does you . 
  the refugees in uruguay . 
  well , one of their chief complaints was that they could n't reach their consulate . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  how are they supposed to get a passport when they have to go to argentina to even go to their consulate ? 
  except they 're not asking to go to europe, 
  no , not really . 
  half of my country does n't agree with universal healthcare , gay rights , gun control , and wants increased government spending on the military . 
  sure , you could say that our country had a huge problem , but we 're still currently living very well . 
  haha , what ? 
  so what do you expect ? 
  for 100 % of the country to agree on an issue ? 
  sure , south america is n't a stranger to lebanese , but the fact of the matter is that most of the population in the middle east will not want to go to south america . 
  you 're right , but my main point is ... why would they go to countries that they perceive has a low standard of living when germany , a country that they believe offers them a high standard of living , welcomes them with open arms ? 
  http://m.elpais.com.uy/informacion/familias-sirias-reclaman-torre-ejecutiva.html i 'm not saying that all of them will definitely do this , but why would people go to countries they may not have even heard of when they could go to a country that they perceive had a high standard of life ? 
  definitely , but why would the refugees in uruguay ask to leave in the first place ? 
  that 's just disrespectful to the host countries . 
  sure , they were n't syrian , so maybe you have a point ... 
  but many syrians going abroad have money to spend . 
  why would they choose to go to south america or anywhere else when they could choose to go to europe , the only place they perceive their lifestyle will be better ? 
  they may simply go back to syria in order to go to germany . 
  who knows ? 
  that 's dandy and all , but these immigrants probably wo n't go . 
  they will leave south american countries that gave them refuge with even better standards than natives just to go back to their war torn countries . 
  without a single thanks . 
  sure , it may be different for arabic countries , but they wo n't go to asia , either . 
  and of course they wo n't go to africa , because they deem it too lowly for them . 
  wait ... how did it increase if it was banned ? 
  yo , i was in european , did n't look at the video and thought this shit was serious !, 
  turns out that it 's only a kid being a kid !, 
  you guys crack me up !, 
  haha , it 's good to be in the winning side of the argument where i do n't have to insult other people . 
  oh , please . 
  change is bound to happen no matter what happens . 
  the best we can do is integrate immigrants so that they follow our ideals . 
  protect their culture ? 
  the duck are you talking about ? 
  but yeah , i 'd be up for taking them . 
  then i 'd actually have an incentive to learn arabic . 
  ok , i 'm clearly ignorant about this , then . 
  could you give me some examples ? 
  i do n't think you 'll find an incredible amount of people who want catalunya to exist . 
  economically , it makes you look like elitists , and culturally , spain does n't currently do anything to diminish the catalan identity unless it deals with secession . 
  but maybe you can tell me why i 'm wrong . 
  ok , but it happened . 
  what now ? 
  it 's different because they 're not robbing someone trying to help them . 
  they 're simply trying to buy an item , while mowing down the competition . 
  they 're not supposed to be traveling for comfort . 
  as long as the state can give them a better life , they should go wherever the state wants them . 
  your party is known by those who represent them . 
  do n't be surprised if people think they represent your ideals . 
  funny , because it 's a common sight over here to see parents struggling to have their kids speak spanish . 
  i 'm sure they also gave you an alternative solution that will fix all of europe 's problems as well . 
  please . 
  our situation is not like that .
