i worked for one of its us branches as a service rep and they have given one of the shittiest services i 've ever seen in my life . 
  except it is ? 
  there is no real difference between cubans and other hispanics who choose to make their home in the us in terms of literacy rate . 
  haha , i 've never been to europe and no portuguese ever wanted to help me learn portuguese , while brazilians help out extremely easily . 
  so i had no choice !, 
  it is not hard to learn a language as an adult . 
  if they are forced to interact with others who speak the language , they 'll learn the language . 
  so it 's a misunderstanding . 
  i was an illegal immigrant too , so i 'm not on the other side . 
  i meant to say that , in our large share of people who just want a better life , there are bad actors . 
  if you look at the end of the message , i say that there are plenty of syrians who only want a better life . 
  my phone might 've deleted a bit of my message or i might 've just blanked out . 
  w/e i ca n't remember anymore . 
  bro , what gang do your want me to talk about ? 
  look , i 'm all for making legal immigration easier , but one ca n't deny that there are certain bad actors in every group . 
  i suggest you go to / r/watchpeopledie ( if you do n't currently live in germany ) and look at how violent some of these central american gangs are . 
  it 's not just mexican . 
  i 'm all for letting the dude who wants to raise his family in , but there should also have a way of stopping these violent gang members from coming in . 
  same for the refugees coming from syria . 
  at least have a no tolerance policy ... 
  but then it 's easy to come back in ... 
  y' all saying you figured out op at 5 are disappointing me . 
  5 is n't even that bad . 
  3 is the one y' all motherfuckers spills have figured him out . 
  `` they do n't respect democracy and we should n't make them '' . 
  really ? 
  how the fuck do you guys even let that shit through your bs sensors ? 
  * seria muito legal , na verdade * that would be pretty cool , actually, 
  at a certain level , i understand where you 're coming from . 
  they 're not westerners . 
  but seriously , bro , we have our illegal central americans who are fairly violent . 
  even worse than your lot . 
  and there are plenty . . 
  the vast majority of syrian refugees you have only want that . 
  a better life . 
  ( only talking about actual refugees ), 
  how is that a meaningless statistic ? 
  we 're helping out syrians . 
  we 're considering accepting 10,000 syrian refugees . 
  sure , it has n't happened yet , but it will and we 're currently pulling our own weight . 
  children are going to bed hungry because of their incapable parents . 
  there are plenty of resources in the us to help out anybody in need and if people ca n't take advantage of them , then that 's their own fault , unfortunately for the children . 
  sure , many middle eastern actors have fucked up the country . 
  but the reason they got power is because of the actions of outside states . 
  bro , it 's totally our and russia 's fault . 
  none of this would have happened if we had n't fucked up with the middle east in the first place . 
  sure , we could argue that other countries had a hand in it , but at the end of the day , two countries bear the majority of the responsibility for the status of the middle east . 
  it 's great that that could happen , but they allowed themselves to change . 
  what about those that do n't ? 
  i do n't even know why you got downvoted so much and i did n't . 
  we 're basically sharing the same ideals . 
  i did n't know that people are still considered foreigners in europe . 
  definitely that should change , but even in the us we have a problem with that . 
  but `` western way or the highway '' , i was strictly speaking about certain culture norms that can not be tolerated in a civilized society , such as sharia law or viewing women as inferior to men ( although i guess the same can be said of most of the idiots who post in european and they 're still living in europe ) . 
  the us still views many people as foreigners , even if they were born and raised in the us , especially outside big cities . 
  thankfully , that sentiment is changing . 
  there definitely needs to be a complete overhaul of what immigrants should expect going to europe . 
  they need to understand that it 's `` the western way or the highway '' . 
  you ca n't have ghettos like in malmo or paris that are obviously not far from european culture . 
  there also needs to be an understanding that not all immigrants are are refugees . 
  as nice as it is to help out people , the population of africa is growing fast beyond the rest of the world . 
  what should be done is something like the us where we discourage immigrating to the country , but still provide help for those that do . 
  those that come here know that they 'll have to work hard to have a decent life . 
  so we 're not rushed with an avalanche of people and can adequately care for the people . 
  obviously , completely different situations , but a big point is ... why should we be understanding to those with backward ideals ? 
  it should be known that any backward ideals refugees hold must be left at the door when entering europe . 
  i hate the racists here as much as anyone else . 
  however , many people here have valid points . 
  many muslims are not the sort of people you rant into your country unless you can properly integrate them . 
  from what i 've seen , europe has done a pretty shit job at integrating many of them . 
  you 're right about the last part , but perhaps , then , i think it 's incorrect to label anyone `` the center of the world '' because there were many strong societies during that time . 
  really ? 
  you do n't believe that the roman empire was as influential to the world as the chinese dynasties ? 
  i 'm no history buff and i especially know even less about asia , but aside from the mongols , i do n't see how asians really had much influence outside their own countries . 
  i 'd love to learn some history if you want to explain your statement . 
  i have n't seen a single problem with it . 
  sadly , the main problem is actually impoverished americans who 've been here for generations . 
  lived in miami for quite a while . 
  the city was beautiful and amazing . 
  living in nyc now . 
  city is still amazing , if a bit dirty . 
  i do n't see how the cities are fucked up , honestly . 
  i 'm not talking just about my support . 
  if they ca n't get the support of the european union , then they 'll basically become taiwan . 
  they 're in europe . 
  i believe nyc and its suburbs pay around 50 % of the taxes of the state and get around 40 % back . 
  our mayor regularly likes to disrespect our city economically , but definitely a different situation . 
  and i 've heard it said by quite a few spaniards that they think that catalans are thought of as the people who did n't like spaniards more than the other way around , according to their viewpoint . 
  maybe it 's just scattered thoughts . 
  i do n't know . 
  on a respect matter , i do understand the frustration with spain , after reading through some comments . 
  however , why not , instead of flat out threatening of secession , force them , with the threat of secession , ask for an autonomous status . 
  or have you already asked that with the threat of secession ? 
  alright , all the bigots . 
  better ? 
  you are a much more patient man than i to be trying to argue all this with racists . 
  thanks a lot for your time . 
  the reason why i think that countries should n't split up is because i favor bringing everyone closer . 
  i do n't specifically agree with the economic argument , because , for example , in nyc , we pay for the rest of the state ... more so than we get back , but it 's mostly not such a big problem that we would want to seceed ( not that it has n't stopped attempts ) . 
  and ... for example , we have a lot of different cultures here ...
