  and why is it alright if you ( not you ) use it against them ? 
  there are tons of situations where they might think killing civilians is necessary to stop deaths of more of their own people . 
  why should i find a different poll when i 'm pretty much showing the results of the same question asked to muslims but instead showing the results of americans ? 
  not only wwii , but the vietnam war and the ongoing conflict in the middle east , as well as an ongoing belief that the american military can do no wrong ( held by a visible portion of republicans ) , makes americans more open to the idea of the government attacking civilians . 
  no matter what the excuse is , it does n't make it right . 
  i 'm not european but i ca n't sleep , so i 'll answer . 
  argentine born american , so naturally , english and spanish . 
  also br-portuguese and french . 
  enough chinese to hold a very very simple conversation . 
  as for how it 's helped me knowing all these languages ? 
  fuck if i know . 
  it seems pretty useless to know these languages . 
  well , except when i needed to explain to the chinese landowner that i was renting a room from one of her tenants because she thought i was an intruder ... and when i helped an italian tourist who could n't speak english but for some fucking reason spoke portuguese . 
  french is actually the only language that has been throughly useless in the us for me , actually . 
  all the french people who come here seem to have pretty good fucking english . 
  http://content.gallup.com/origin/gallupinc/gallupspaces/production/cms/adgc/bzdvtb6ptuymkc1fzm_log.png http://www.gallup.com/poll/157067/views-violence.aspx perhaps that 'll help you in the future . 
  meanwhile , americans and canadians are free to come and go in europe and no one gives two shits . 
  better than americans and you guys still do n't require us to have visas . 
  why is having the veil ban nonsense ? 
  i 'm all for hijabs , but a full on veil is counterproductive to a society and not even religious . 
  it 's just cultural . 
  not only that , but it 's dangerous in our current world to have unidentifiable people out in the open , which is basically what this is . 
  i 'm honestly surprised more robbers have n't used hijabs to hide their faces . 
  as for the us ? 
  sure , you bring up the white examples that have been here for decades . 
  but if we look at examples where a lot of muslims got together at once , such as michigan , you 'll see that there 's not much difference between the the us and europe . 
  you 're not dumb . 
  you 're in / r/europe . 
  you 're not really supposed to expect miles . 
   and you 're white haha , thanks . 
  i needed a good laugh . 
  lol u mad anyways , i do n't think it would be leave and love . 
  i believe they 'll destroy each other . 
  but as long as americans are n't involved , i 'm fine with it . 
  if you europeans want to fuck yourselves further , be my guest . 
   even though china has one of the least interventionist foreign policies in the world , they still have to deal with the effects of middle east terrorism funding . 
  i was unaware of how much funding the middle east gave tibet as well , then . 
   we tried this and there were two world wars . 
  now , we no longer practice isolationism . 
  we 're not at all responsible for either way breaking out . 
  a non-isolationist stance would have done nothing before the wars and has only linked us to this current conflict . 
   is 's goal is world domination , you think your citizens that join them wo n't engage in domestic terrorism ? 
  so then you 're just saying it 's fine to waste resources there ? 
  i know it 's not wasting them , but it seems like an impossible region to achieve our goal in . 
  china is dealing with uyghur terrorists because the ccp straight up wants to eradicate islam . 
  and actually , if our government was smart , we could be on an island where international events do n't affect us . 
  the power vacuum would still be there . 
  but we would n't be involved . 
  i 'm not saying chaos would n't exist . 
  i 'm saying chaos would n't affect us . 
  if our citizens want to fight , that 's fine , but they wo n't be our citizens anymore . 
  fantasy , i know . 
  different name , same concept . 
  as soon as whatever skeleton resembling a government they have over there falls down because of western intervention , everybody lives in fear and france ca n't leave . 
  fair point . 
  however , we did leave vietnam after invading it and they do n't hate us now . 
  completely different stories , but it 's the best i could muster up . 
  the reason people are angry is because their home countries have been attacked . 
  once their home countries stop being invaded , the anger against westerners will subside . 
  there 's a balancing act , is n't there ? 
  what 's more important ? 
  i ca n't even tell anymore . 
  sure . 
  we do nothing . 
  we leave the middle east . 
  shit will stay there . 
  the end . 
  you can settle the score ? 
  do you want me to give you a story about how well going up against a stateless entity goes ? 
  you know how you get rid of terrorists in the west ? 
  by stopping terrorism in the middle east . 
  once we leave the middle east , they 'll have no reason to get people angry over us . 
  is it sad for the people living there ? 
  sure , but perhaps it 's time to recognize that we only have so much power . 
  oh , this sounds familiar . 
  your mom is lucky enough to have had insurance . 
  so just be grateful is all i 'm saying . 
  this is what i know . 
  my mom stayed in a hospital for 3 days for mental trauma and the bill was $ 10,000 . 
  she did n't have healthcare . 
  that is not what i 've heard from anywhere in europe and i do n't have any source that gives me the statistics for bankruptcy in europe , but in willing to doubt they charge as much as they charged my mother . 
  edit : alright . 
  point taken . 
  no system is perfect yet . 
  you could open up your circle to people less fortunate than you or at the very least not use the please `` everyone i know '' . 
  the us is a very large place and i 'm sure you 're not meeting with the number of us with difficulties in our lives . 
  that 's nice and all . 
  but how many people go to bankruptcy in europe because of medical costs ? 
  fair enough . 
  really ? 
  is there a reason , then , why corruption in the government is the number one complaint among chinese people ? 
  our muslims do perfectly fine as well , even through the difference of religion . 
  wait ... what ? 
  you 're willing to take circumstantial evidence when it suits your needs but you refuse to believe it if it does n't suit your needs ? 
  and you say someone is pushing an agenda when he 's clearly not the only one ? 
  that 's a whole new level of crazy , bruh . 
  then why has n't europe taken the hundreds of thousands of refugees in africa ? 
  the hundreds of thousands of refugees in asia ? 
  there are over 50 million refugees in the world . 
  is europe supposed to take them all in ?
