  haha , what the fuck ? 
  that looks really fucking nice . 
  however , maybe it looks worse when you have an overpopulation problem that does n't clean up after itself . 
  not even if they offered you a ridiculous amount like a mil per year ? 
  i do believe the us is superior as a singular country , but the european union to be superior to the us . 
  however to ignore europe simply because the us is better as a singular country is not smart . 
  i do have to thank you for keeping my french level sharp . 
  but that 's grammatically incorrect . 
  spaniard is a noun . 
  a question for you then . 
  at what point does it stop ? 
  have you heard valcke speak ? 
  his existence is a crime on humanity . 
  not a single person in the us considers the current immigration laws good . 
  not republicans nor democrats . 
  it 's just nobody can figure out how to fix it . 
  i was specifically taking about us that idolize european healthcare systems . 
  most of the us does n't necessarily idolize or even know it exists . 
  we do want the bigger taxes , actually . 
  it 's only logical . 
  only a complete idiot would think it would come out of nothing . 
  wait , european flights are cheaper than that ? 
  and they speak better english than half the population here !, 
  i believe all except for norway . 
  i 'm not saying that what they did is great , but have you tried walking the distances they 've walked ? 
  i was trying to walk through a city when i was on vacation and when my family tried to talk to me , i was extremely irritable . 
  and i walked nothing close to what these people walked . 
  and i 'm sure many keep their mouth shut and do n't complain , but we have a video of these people , many not even refugees , that complain , but we do n't have a compilation of the grateful ones even though i 'm sure they exist . 
  i do n't actually believe that reason , but you asked for one so i tried giving it to you . 
  bruh i know that english is n't your first language and that 's perfectly fine , but do n't go trying to poke holes in the arguments of others if you 're not going to read what they wrote . 
  please . 
  it 's human nature to complain . 
  go to biggest dirt hole in this world and i guarantee you that people will still find things to complain about . 
  the problem here is also how the videos are edited . 
  we do n't know how the question was asked . 
  we do n't know if , afterwards , they said , but i 'm still grateful for euros for having given us this chance . 
  you do n't know how many people they needed to talk to to get that sort of response . 
  like i said , in every large group of people , there are scumbags . 
  does n't mean the whole group is . 
  because people are tired ? 
  the story has gone on too long ? 
  look , at least be happy they 're not cnn during the malaysian flight . 
  there are many ungrateful people , yes , but let 's not ignore that many reporters specifically asked them to name their dislikes about their situation . 
  many refugees were living good lives before the conflict and believe that europe has unlimited money it is not bothering to spend on them . 
  does that perception need to be fixed ? 
  yeah . 
  does that mean they 're bad people ? 
  there are bad and ungrateful people in this , but not all . 
  how many people actually get through the tunnel and towards england ? 
   imo the majority of elments pertaining to a language you learn much more effectively by being exposed to it rather than by by hacking at it an hour a day . 
  a hundred percent correct . 
  which is why , if an adult gives himself as much time as a child like you had ( a tall order , i know ) , they would be able to learn the language faster . 
  how long did it take you to learn english ? 
  it took me quite a while . 
  perhaps 6 months to start speaking it conversationally and a year to be fairly fluent in it . 
  of course , i was immersed in it . 
  i 've worked with quite a few foreigners learning english here and one of their biggest problems is thinking that language learning is difficult . 
  it is , if you allow it to be . 
  once they stop believing that language learning is difficult , they tend to do much better at retaining language . 
  age does catch up with a few people , though , and their brains simply can not gain more information . 
  however , for most people learning languages , they simply have not reached that stage and continue to make it more difficult to themselves by believing it is difficult . 
  it 's my experience trying to teach english to many different people . 
  the main reason why people think that it 's so difficult is because they believe it 's near impossible to learn a new language and they put up barriers so that they wo n't learn the new language . 
  once you can cut through the bullshit notions they have in their minds , they start improving the language much faster . 
  the other thing is that adults have many things going on that they limit themselves to because they 're so busy . 
  i 'm not going to say that age is never a factor , but more often than not , people just use it as an excuse . 
  a thorough guide can give someone conversational skills in a language in about 3 months ( of course , depending on the language ) , whereas a child will generally need longer than that if they are not immersed in that environment . 
  or in my case , even longer even if you are immersed in that environment . 
  adding to that , in the past year , i 've learned conversational french and portuguese ( although portuguese may not count for much due to my native language being spanish ) and am in the process of learning chinese , and i 'm currently 21 years old , which i believe falls outside of that critical period . 
  again , i 'm not saying that age never does affect it , but many , many times , it 's just used as an excuse . 
  it 's only harder to learn because you do n't have two people babying your ass for 4 years while you learn the language . 
  only accent is difficult to learn after the critical period . 
  there are two extremes in this spectrum . 
  we 're the two extremes . 
  a super effective attack and you ca n't even hit france and spain ? 
  pathetic . 
  i 'm in fucking stitches at how much of a joke this sounds . 
  it ca n't be real . 
  do you have a link ? 
  what ? 
  if you live in france and you know english , it 's very easy to learn french in 3 months . 
  i learned it in 3 to a conversational level from the comfort of my room . 
  he could probably do more in 3 months if he actually lives there . 
  wo n't happen in the us ... ? 
  look , i agree that i have it good in the city , but if you ask many non-white people , they will tell you that they have experienced that `` where are you really from ? '' . 
  just go on any asian american subreddit and you 'll find that easily if you ask . 
  i would tell you to go to a hispanic subreddit , but we do n't really have an active one . 
  it 's a little irritating , but that 's all it is for me . 
  i partially do n't feel that bad about it because i was n't born here in the first place and i do n't have my citizenship yet . 
  so i do n't feel too terrible if people consider me an outsider . 
  that 's the thing . 
  where am i from ? 
  where am i from that 's not the us ? 
  it 's not meant as an insult plenty of time , but it reminds me of my difference . 
  it 's the same problem native asian americans face . 
  it 's an annoyance because it reminds us of our difference as though we 're not american . 
  it may seem petty to you , but it is n't to many of us . 
  you are the type of stereotypical new yorker that i 've seen when i mention my non-american-ness . 
  but once i leave this city , i can see how odd new york is . 
  i 've thankfully have had no encounters of explicit racism , but it 's the little things that i know it would take me a while to get used to it i left this city .
