  our people , for the most part , integrate and want to be americans . 
  south americans are westerns , so we do n't have a cultural problem with them . 
  the muslims coming to the us are often very different from us and a large reason why they have n't caused trouble in our minds is because they 're so disjointed as a community in the us . 
  you am\u00e9rica now, 
  at least our immigrants are fairly malleable and have relatively similar cultures to ours . 
  of course in speaking as an immigrant as well , so i may be biased . 
  treating everyone the same in all aspects can turn out to be discriminatory . 
  yes , because we 're so much better . 
  look , we have the same problem with hispanics who do not want to assimilate . 
  it 's cool keeping your cultural background and everything , but there are certain liberal values that should not be given up . 
  i get to see a bit of what they talk about in nyc and it disgusts me . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with westernized muslims , but when you see those that are n't , and criticize the country ( not the patriotic criticism ) they live in , you wonder why we host them . 
  admittedly , my own bias from the small group of people i talk to . 
  looking through it now , it seems like there was a poll done by the university of hong kong about 10 years ago , and the majority of people did n't care for it , although i ca n't find an actual source from the wikipedia page . 
  do you have anything saying otherwise ? 
  i do n't really have anything at this point . 
  i mean , if hong kong itself does n't even want to consider itself a country , then why should everyone else try to ? 
  it 's a sar , but still very much the same country as mainland china . 
  taiwan is understandable in this list , but i do n't understand why people continue to call hong kong a country when most of the cantonese people living there do n't necessarily want independence . 
  still a misnomer to call it a list of countries , though . 
  kind of a misnomer to call this a `` list of countries '' and include hong kong right at the top . 
  may as well call it a list of states or something . 
  we love them !, 
  username may apply . 
  get out of here with your logical answers . 
  [ are we completely sure about that ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/2016/03/12/the-astonishing-village-where-little-girls-turn-into-boys-aged-1/ ), 
  it still sounds like you have a weird sexuality . 
  i 'd be hard pressed to even look through my old comments of a month ago . 
  and i know this guy reddits as much as i do . 
  how the hell do you even find that ? 
  itt : lads on tour, 
  sending their kids to learn chinese is perfectly fine . 
  if a patent wanted to instill knowledge of a large language , then there 's no reason to criticize them . 
  it does no harm to the child . 
  yeah , but africa 's , like , one country !, 
  spain numbah 1 !, 
  well , i guess that 's the ignorance i get for not studying in argentina . 
  you learn something new every day !, 
  any argentine that is pissed off about the falkland islands is simply ignorant . 
  there 's no reason anyone should care about it and , thankfully , it does n't appear as though the current president does care about it . 
  uruguayans are basically like argentines , though . 
  i do n't even understand why we 're two countries . 
  hold up . 
  uruguay belongs to argentina . 
  get your greedy little thoughts off of argentine territory . 
  can you give the original portuguese wording to these ? 
  i 'd love to start using some of them . 
  when i said it 's the government 's job to help its people , i meant it 's the job of the government to help out the europeans who are already dealing with difficulties rather than add new difficulties to the continent . 
  you ca n't blame the people , but it 's very much possible to blame the government for incentivizing these people . 
  i do n't understand why you find it hard to sympathize with them . 
  they 're doing evening they can to better their lives . 
  it 's the job of the government to protect its people , though . 
  in peru , argentina and the us , we say y griega as well ( i did n't know it was pronounced as greek y until you just wrote it ) , so going along with the other replies , i do n't know why anyone would change it . 
  well , there is clearly a section in both of our regions that allows peaceful , westernized muslims to flourish . 
  we just have to find out how to extend that to everyone else . 
  because it 's no lie to say that poverty does push people towards religion , but it clearly is not the end-all . 
  honestly , who the hell was n't a complete fucking asshole in the past ? 
  the more i read about people from the past , the more i 'm feeling like decent people are a relatively new invention . 
  haha , i did n't even pay attention that that basically meant the muslim countries . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  [ if it does something beneficial for them , people are willing to support an orginization doing bad things . 
  ] ( http://content.gallup.com/origin/gallupinc/gallupspaces/production/cms/adgc/bzdvtb6ptuymkc1fzm_log.png ) to many people , the ideology of getting what you want is the most important thing . 
  most of the americas are n't fully white and yeah , you 're right that we have european influence but even in countries like bolivia where the majority have no white blood , they still have a more inclusive society towards immigrants . 
  i do n't think it has to do with it that much . 
  it 's common throughout most of the americas that people will accept you as one of their own regardless of where you come from if you were born there . 
  most of us are basically indigenous , even if we 're mixed . 
  if you want to say that it 's because we started as immigrants , that 's perfectly fine . 
  but killing the natives has nothing to do with it ( not that it 's not important . 
  just not related to this viewpoint ) . 
  we can all talk about the past atrocities of our nations . 
  the us is n't the only one . 
  except that they vote when they have nothing to lose . 
  they should be the first to offer their sons and daughters to the front lines before declaring war . 
  and ... people actually listen to it ? 
  9/11 is a statistical outlier that would ( rightly ) skew the data against muslims and is also basically the start of the current era we live in . 
  no , we definitely should be worried to an extent . 
  this number does n't include the numerous people who the us has stopped as well as the numerous deterrents such as the tsa ( however inefficient it may be , it is a deterrent ) . 
  to what extent would that change of the us stopped funding it ... ? 
  nobody really wants to find out . 
  should there be a lessening in focus on it ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  but at this point we ca n't leave the middle east because a ) more innocent people will die than now and b ) isis wo n't stop trying to kill us since they kind of mention talking over the world , as cartoonishly evil as that sounds . 
  so between a rock and a hard place . 
  [ here 's the numbers in the us . 
  ] ( http://securitydata.newamerica.net/extremists/deadly-attacks.html ) there are many reasons and discussions that could be had for the results and parameters used , but the numbers still stand that we should not only be looking at islamic terrorism , but any obvious possible terrorist , of which certain muslims can be part of . 
  i mean ... he spoke it with me . 
  i knew the difference between when he spoke with his wife and i did n't understand anything ( apart from some simple words like `` he '' , `` spoke '' , and `` portuguese '' ) and he spoke with me and we understood each other perfectly . 
  whenever i try speaking with another italian in italian , i understand zilch . 
  for all the things that we like to boast about , but we 're not the best at , the military is the one thing that i can say is that we 'll not be beaten at . 
  my only point was to oppose that one poll and to show that it 's meaningless . 
  nothing else . 
  i think this poll is enough for that . 
  mixed accent . 
  i use the voseo a bit , but i 've largely dropped the sh . 
  i only have that sing along quality when i 'm mad over something or when i 'm talking with friends ( as opposed to my mom or a stranger or someone in just using usted with ) . 
  i 've been told my formal accent is dominican , caribbean , peruvian , mexican , and colombian . 
  so basically , nobody can pinpoint my accent . 
  whether or not you have , it does n't change the fact that it 's widely estimated that more civilians have died thanks to americans than westerner civilians have died thanks to muslims . 
  i mean , sure , i 'll agree it 's not the best question to ask , but then why is it alright when you ask muslims that ?
