  but ... the rain ... in spain ... it ... 
  oooh also , in dublin we call them `` yoyos '' . 
  like 50 yoyos = $ 50 . 
  where are you from in ireland ? 
  i 'm a dub , so that might explain it . 
  how do you figure that one now ? 
  yep , you 're right . 
  far too good for us . 
  we can only look on in envy . 
  we do n't really have nicknames either . 
  a $ 5 note is a * fiver * , a $ 10 is a * tenner * , $ 20 is a * score * ( depending on where you are ) . 
  not aware of any for $ 50 , but $ 100 is a * ton * . 
  bloody protestants , picking and choosing !, 
  botanically speaking , they are a fruit . 
  gastronomically speaking , they are a fucking vegetable . 
  yeah . 
  sounds riveting . 
  taking photos !, 
  i read the `` glasgow '' before i read the `` new '' and thought that the scottish police were bringing in new hardware for the old firm derbies in the future . 
  he likes to spice things up all right . 
  i really ca n't argue with that . 
  it must be all part of some larger plan . 
  or he likes to laugh at tensions up north about which flag is flying on belfast city hall . 
  i imagine that 's quite funny from an outsider 's perspective !, 
  your last point there is quite interesting . 
  the feeling i get from having learned irish history was n't that of learning lessons , it was more the feeling of `` see how much we 've been oppressed '' . 
  ca n't remember where it 's from , but i remember a webcomic on paddy 's day saying something like `` may the luck of the irish always be upon you '' , and the other guy grabs him by the scruff of the neck and says `` luck of the irish ? 
  you ever read a history book ? '', 
  it 's sort of like that !, 
  iirc someone further up posted two links , one comparing the number of people shot dead by british police since 1920 to the number shot dead just this year in the states . 
  i was merely pointing out that , while the numbers do n't compare , there were comparable acts of barbarism on innocent people . 
  wish i did n't have my flair set up so i could n't be so easily dismissed as `` having an agenda '' . 
  it 's historical fact . 
  i do n't mean to sound like a bollocks , but i could n't help reading that in a welsh accent . 
  it 's funny because we really have constant reminders of it , because gerry adams is a member of parliament over here and martin mcguinness ran for president a couple of years ago . 
  it 's impossible to extricate the people from their past with the ira , and so we are reminded of it quite a bit . 
  that and we 're a pretty young country , when you take a step back and look at it . 
  the stuff that the ira did lives large in our relatively short history . 
  another good example . 
  two `` bloody sunday `` s , hardly anything to be proud of brits !, 
  the way its taught also leaves you underprepared for the exam , in my opinion . 
  i started learning german from age 12 and gaeilge from age 6 , and by the time i finished school , i could hold a full conversation in german but not so in irish . 
  it was the royal irish constabulary along with the auxilliary unit ( who were technically paramilitaries ) . 
  done in retaliation for the assassination of british intelligence officers . 
  the police were originally supposed to search everyone leaving the stadium , but when they rolled up with armoured vehicles , the ticket sellers outside ran inside . 
  they were chased and shot at , and the police entered the stadium and fired rounds , and then , when the crowd ran outside the stadium , an armoured vehicle shot at the crowd , in an attempt to shoot over their heads to make them stop . 
  you 'll note bloody sunday in 1920 , when the brits rolled an armoured military vehicle up to our main stadium and opened fire on a crowd of innocent people , killing 17 ( including two children ) . 
  not on the scale of the americans , certainly , but comparable barbarism . 
  inb4 ira , i know all that . 
  they 're probably correct , tbh . 
  there is very little practical use of the language , instead it is taught through stories and older texts . 
  the areas that speak irish as a first language , according to this map , are wayyy to big . 
  irl there are some very small clusters on the west coast , but for the most part , it 's english ( unfortunately ) . 
  oh my ... i seem to have developed a case of the vapours ... 
  in ireland , sitting next to an open window can `` give you a cold in your kidneys '' . 
  ridiculous , really , given the wind and rain that we venture out in all year round !, 
  did you ever think that the fact that there * would n't * be a male version of this points to the fact that men just * are n't * objectified in the same way as women ? 
  and that , historically , it 's always been women being objectified ? 
  and to be honest , if there was such a thing with men , i 'd definitely feel as if it was objectifying the person on screen . 
  he might well have chosen to do it , and indeed gotten paid ( as the ladies on this show have ) , but it ca n't be denied that it is pure objectification - let 's not paint it as some sort of success for feminism . 
  fuck off , do n't be ridiculous . 
  are you telling me he should n't be browsing something non-work-related in work ? 
   no-one would complain if you had a topless hunky man doing the weather forecast on tv . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  loooooads of people would complain . 
  do you live in ireland ? 
  that type of thing would n't even go near the telly , let alone at the end of a news broadcast . 
  if you 're legally required to vote , you are much more likely to engage with the political system and thus we get a more representative system . 
  if it 's an issue you really do n't care about , would it not be useful to express that ? 
  deferring to someone with more experience is not necessarily viewing that person as not your equal . 
  then spoil your vote . 
  if the law requires you to vote , it does n't require you to vote successfully for any of the options . 
  just go to the polling station and draw a cock-and-balls on the ballot paper . 
  he did n't try to `` force '' you to help him , he just wanted to ask a question and you no doubt appeared to be a local . 
  all you had to say was `` sorry i 'm really in a hurry '' and you can walk on without feeling the slightest bit guilty ( ** especially ** because you do help when you can !, 
  which is awesome ! ) . 
  if he thinks bad of you , that 's his problem and not yours . 
  if he goes and tells people that parisiens are rude , then that 's a reflection on him and not on you . 
  personally , when i visited paris ( i 've been twice ) , i found the majority of people helpful and friendly . 
  i came across a couple of arseholes , but it 's the same as anywhere else . 
  the arseholes were proper arseholes , very short with you and very rude , but the rest of the people made up for it . 
  just walk on , do n't take it so personally !, 
  you 're the rude one , with that american , but in some situations , being rude is justified !, 
  and that was one . 
  i would n't sweat being rude to people when you 're in a hurry , but you can always be in a hurry !, 
  no i genuinely had n't heard it put like that , i think it 's hilarious !, 
   mary idolising cunt . 
  that 's fantastic !, 
  i 've never heard that one !, 
  i do n't draw a line between blue and purple when , to all intents and purposes , it could be either . 
  however , when you 're dancing around the area that blends between disciplining and beating , how can you definitively say what is too far ? 
  so where is the line then ? 
  can you actually draw a definite line between disciplining and beating ? 
  there are still things like processing fees for some government forms and stuff that are priced at $ 12.70 , because they were always nominally 10 punt . 
  \\* sigh \\* i wish we felt like we were benefiting from it . 
  so why not mention it until now ? 
  absolute fuckology . 
  it had been rumoured here for a while , but there was never any proof . 
  then that shithead delaney comes out and says it like it 's no big thing . 
  given the chance , he 's as crooked as the rest of them .
