  or are they afraid of their reputation ? 
  this is a pointless comparison . 
  if they actually did what they say we might have a discussion here . 
  hmm . 
  i wonder if i can use this for free stuff . 
  ... you 've given me a great idea . 
  thanks !, 
  careful ? 
  i doubt strong internet opinions will have any effect outside . 
  if you need a tip it 's this : become good at insulting others . 
  beat them at their own game . 
  use whatever means you can to make them quit . 
  i 've talked to several rightists and they say the exact opposite about anyone with a moderate opinion :d, 
  people have lost their argumentation skills . 
  these days it 's much more effective to blame and insult your other perceived rival . 
  i have never cared . 
  i can insult anyone to the ground . 
  if you want shit done you get rid of democracy . 
  it will never work as long as people do n't share a common goal . 
  then again , it 's the internet . 
  people just throw shit at each other . 
  i do n't know if anyone actually would hold their opinions in a face to face conversation . 
  the idea was to be a proper human being and help people in need . 
  backfired as hell . 
  there is no point streaming eu iv . 
  it 's really boring to watch because it depends entirely on the charisma of the caster . 
  most major nations in europe + ming , japan , mongolia , timurids , inca atleast . 
  some of the players may not come back this session though . 
  i recommend playing pasai . 
  a player used it on his first session but then left and it 's doing very well under ai since it got so big . 
  haha , time for mughals . 
  do n't be a kneejerk conspiratist . 
  it might be damage control , it might be anything . 
  because its standard procedure for the police to investigate before telling the media ? 
  it 's a bigass station . 
  a thousand people looks like a small crowd . 
  i want to be the caliph instead of the caliph !, 
  better yet , you should dress up like a criminal . 
  have you ever heard of a robber robbing another robber ? 
  all women have to do is get big hoodies and look like school shooters . 
  shown every 31st december in finland . 
  your optimism is disgusting . 
  it tastes great . 
  really . 
  it 's also excellent to mix with other things . 
  the sound of opening a beer can or uncorking a * koskenkorva *, 
  well . . why not ? 
  let me introduce you to gondola http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/gondola an italian mutilated a finnish meme that was mutilated from a japanese ? 
  meme and the finns adopted it and now it 's a thing you occasionally see . 
  for anyone that does n't know : `` feels like '' basically means the [ wind chill index ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f8/windchill_effect_en.svg/1258px-windchill_effect_en.svg.png ), 
  oh god polish and finnish memes together that would spell the end of internet, 
  the greatest works are made by him . 
  yeah , russia only attacked a dozen nations to spread out across siberia to reach the pacific . 
  as long as currency is controlled by a central authority , getting rid of cash just diminished privacy again . 
  should have trainings and defense cooperation with both and profit from smuggling military secrets . 
  you 're either a russian puppet or a western puppet or a chinese puppet . 
  not like you have that many choices if you want foreign aid and investment . 
  someone 's a little grumpy . 
  i guess someone needs part of their little clay annexed , 
  injecting a marihuana can ruin your family 's lives . 
  so you 're saying santa claus is actually the leader of the wild hunt ? 
  [ better polish that blade in case , then ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clutv2388qw ) ( c wut i did thar ), 
  no more #megaausterity !, 
  it was a regular rifle with iron sights . 
  north pole !, 
  rabble rabble rabble rabble !, 
  i honestly think that what you see as propaganda ( if we exclude the incident in the immigrant night where they basically just used a child as a stage prop ) is more likely just some sort of almost sick need of trying to stay `` politically correct '' meaning they 're afraid of being branded racist . 
  i dunno really . 
  people give them flak but they 're far better than other channels . 
  and no , maybe public funding is n't the best idea but then again libraries are publicly funded and not that many people use those . 
  yle fucks up sometimes maliciously but they are generally really good and try to appeal to a wide audience . 
  they 're the only ones showing factual documentaries and old movies . 
  basically the only channel that does n't show trash or `` funny '' real-time comedy shows . 
  the propaganda is in your head . 
  ah man , esa really made themselves `` known '' this year . 
  the asteroid landing was nothing to laugh at , and establishing a satellite system not tied to any government is beneficial to all nations everywhere . 
  here 's an idea . 
  how about belgium scraps both of their original languages and makes a new `` belgian '' language using both of them as root . 
  then teach that , wait a decade or two tadah , problem solved . 
  your navies are welcome to duke it out at the gulf of finland . 
  i enjoy a good show . 
  finns have n't had the luxury to witness a good naval war since the 1700 's . 
  implying chilren are n't retarded regardless . 
  1453 never forget never forgive, 
  he 's a super catholic populist nationalist euroskeptic . 
  it 's so useful to talk about it 15 years after joining . 
  well , really hard to think of many things . 
  most stereotypes are only half true . 
  i guess i should say , `` lack of politeness '' . 
  finnish language has a different plural and singular form for ` you ' . 
  plural rarely gets used . 
  and we do n't generally call anyone mr/mrs/miss ( unless you 're on super official business/dealing with high-value foreigners like hotel receptionist or your boss just suffers from some delusions ) for example , people working for the president probably call him mr. president or some variant but if he 's visiting or talking to random people they 'll just probably call him by his nickname . 
  most people subconsciously use the plural form when talking to old people ( i do ) , but it 's not necessary . 
  teachers are mostly referred by their first name or their occupation by slang unless your school is so big that referring them to by surname is easier . 
  now i might be talking out of my ass but this extends into work life too . 
  nobody really talks to their boss like a superior . 
  they talk to their boss like he 's just another dude working there . 
  if i 'm travelling this is really the only rule i stick to . 
  i do n't want to come off as rude to any foreigner but i think referring to other people consciously as sir or madam or plural you is humiliating . 
  this really only came to my mind because someone once told me a story about a german ceo who was hired into a finnish company and was really confused at first because nobody referred to him like he expected to .
