  we 've got a bit . 
  you 're evil . 
  impressive skill . 
  really ? 
  everytime i 've been in any city outside finland i 've enjoyed my time immensely . 
  the only city i 'd rate overrated is helsinki . 
  stay away . 
  all those are reasons why i love the place . 
  when you smoking da kush too much and your homies wan na go carry around the altar of a saint in front of a thousand people . 
  its still too dense because theyre violating my personal space . 
  i 'm not an economist . 
  i do n't know and it doesnt really concern me either , it was just an opinion . 
  what i do know is that 5 million people is way too many people . 
  its getting pretty crowded in the cities . 
  cant walk a meter without someone being on your heels already . 
  they should have just made up for the losses by taking over the entire boots and cartires industry . 
  `` only '' 5 million is still too much . 
  its getting super crowded here . 
  i 'm not sure our economy will ever recover after 2008 and nokia 's death . 
  it seems to be getting worse despite the budget cuts . 
  in finland we have 7 lives and thats more than measly 6 . 
  you would be lynched in ankh-morpork for that . 
  to be fair , you would be lynched in am for wearing your hat backwards . 
  why . 
  you too ? 
  i thought it was just finland . 
  you have ac . 
  i was in 40c heat once . 
  it was like a very cool sauna . 
  i actually spent that day walking up a mountain . 
  now without ac , you can imagine how hot it gets inside at even 26c outside . 
  more so if apt is small and you have a computer on . 
  seriously . 
  ability to travel elsewhere and see how shit things are there honestly makes you appreciate your country . 
  that and all the good things too . 
  time to move to spain, 
  a bad weather instantly makes a country a shitty place to live . 
  i 'd rather starve on the streets of rio and rob tourists . 
  haha , anything below 190 is a midget . 
  domestically yeah , but the world would be plunged right back to early 1900 's . 
  well you guys have had democracy for nice 40 years now , its time to back . 
  posing with decapitated heads how is that a crime ? 
  atleast sentence him for an actual crime if i was him i would frame it and put it on my wall right above the satanic circle . 
  climate change instability . 
  for the past decade its been getting really hard predicting the seasonal weather . 
  some summers it rains the entire summer , some are so dry the plants die , the next winter might have snow but is most likely just dark , grey and wet for 7 months straight . 
  last year i didnt see the sun even once for over a month . 
  the only escape is sitting in a dark forest under a pine tree and pretend its actually fun . 
  really ? 
  i thought western europe had it better than finland fuck me i cant escape this anywhere, 
  i honestly think the other way around . 
  cold days are usually clear and beautiful winter days with snow . 
  there 's so much rainfall in the spring and fall and summer already . 
  it 's all about variety . 
  holy shit dont complain you have more than one day of summer per year, 
  ever heard the concept of sovereignty ? 
  countries have no business meddling in the domestic politics of another country atleast not publicly . 
  got ta say , dutch are spot on with my country . 
  yay , no more bordergore !, 
  world 's biggest involuntary orgy ? 
  theres also rain about every day during every season all it ever does is rain . 
  does a bunch of trees stretching for hundreds of kilometers count as anything ? 
  is there anything at all on those islands ? 
  the family should respond with this  what in davy jones ' locker did ye just bark at me , ye scurvy bilgerat ? 
  i 'll have ye know i be the meanest cutthroat on the seven seas , and i 've led numerous raids on fishing villages , and raped over 300 wenches . 
  i be trained in hit-and-run pillaging and be the deadliest with a pistol of all the captains on the high seas . 
  ye be nothing to me but another source o ' swag . 
  i 'll have yer guts for garters and keel haul ye like never been done before , hear me true . 
  you think ye can hide behind your newfangled computing device ? 
  think twice on that , scallywag . 
  as we parley i be contacting my secret network o ' pirates across the sea and yer port is being tracked right now so ye better prepare for the typhoon , weevil . 
  the kind o ' monsoon that 'll wipe ye off the map . 
  you 're sharkbait , fool . 
  i can sail anywhere , in any waters , and can kill ye in o\u2019er seven hundred ways , and that be just with me hook and fist . 
  not only do i be top o ' the line with a cutlass , but i have an entire pirate fleet at my beck and call and i 'll damned sure use it all to wipe yer arse off o ' the world , ye dog . 
  if only ye had had the foresight to know what devilish wrath your jibe was about to incur , ye might have belayed the comment . 
  but ye could n't , ye did n't , and now ye 'll pay the ultimate toll , you buffoon . 
  i 'll shit fury all over ye and ye 'll drown in the depths o ' it . 
  you 're fish food now . 
  they were known everywhere rip they call me trinity is one of my favorite movies, 
  i think everyone should receive a free fully automatic ar , a medkit , an anti tank launcher , an anti air launcher , a portable mortar and a sidearm when they turn 16 . 
  nepotism is the norm in finland too and its kind of a grey area . 
  it makes sense logically but it is essentially really shady . 
  most apt comparison would be military positions gained due to aristocracy . 
  if that no longer applies , why would getting a job position due to connections ? 
  especially in a time of turbulent economy and unemployment . 
  turbocapitalism kills humanity . 
  everyone should be entitled to a free kitesurfingboard :( or a hammock and a bag of weed every week . 
  quality of life would improve tenfold for every single human . 
  just freetime and good times . 
  that should be the future . 
  if you ca n't stand the fact that another dude would have the same kind of thoughts about you as you have of women then i guess you seriously need to reflect on how hypocritical you are . 
  this can only mean that poland and russia are gay . 
  nokia tires and boots will make a comeback . 
  i dont understand . 
  why would the police care about the bottles ? 
  can the us soldiers technically shoot them on sight for trespassing ? 
  maybe you should stop being ugly so people would n't feel like they have to do the world a service by remodeling your face . 
  every day shall soon be russia day . 
  takes a special kind of character to threaten unarmed civilians with a tank turret .
