  and that 's why i stopped playing ck2 mostly . 
  man , budapest is such a nice city still . 
  i want to go back and eat more goulash . 
  good album m8, 
  looking forward to it . 
  i 'll add you when i can . 
  hopefully we 'll have more show . 
  i expect [ shenanigans ] ( http://i.chapelcomic.com/diplomatic_feedback.png ), 
  you make a good point , but for that to be true i think first we 'd have to install why human suffering is bad . 
  i do n't believe that is completely innate to people because lots of people easily jump to lynch mob mentality even today . 
  in a very very edge case you could say that human suffering is good but there is no example for that on earth imo . 
  in a fantasy scenario maybe . 
  the point of the entire thing flew right over your head but it 's kinda my fault for not being able to put it in words that well . 
   so secularism and democracy are as good as theocracy/collectivism and authoritarianism . 
  it is thanks to our modern values that we were able to develop a society with better technology and living standards . 
  i disagree . 
  it 's the spirit of innovation and the constant competition to gain upper hand in warfare and economics that have driven technological progress and later the industrial revolution for living standards . 
  democracy is not a flawless form of government . 
  have you seen what trying to forcibly install a democracy has brought into the middle-east ? 
  nothing but war . 
  a central authoritarian not-completely insane dictator would do far better than any form of shared power ever could over there . 
  uneducated peasants in the medieval times could not have ruled their country for shit . 
  that 's why they were ruled by someone who held power and respect ( sometimes just power ) saying democracy good everything else bad is a very narrow and faulty view . 
  the ideal of sharing a power between all people is noble and good but that does n't make it more ` valuable ' than others . 
   look for the most democratic and the wealthiest countries in the world , those countries have more humane and better values . 
  if finland was a muslim state , finland would be incredibly poor . 
  i want to see your reasoning for this . 
  how would state religion really affect the economical power of a modern country that radically ? 
   but we have to thank our modern values for the society we live in . 
  i do n't think there have been any better society than ours . 
  that 's how we see it . 
  i do n't disagree here . 
  it is a much nicer place to live overall , that is a definite good side . 
  but we should still respect people if they want to keep their old ways of living . 
  well * color * me impressed . 
  modern clothing actually are n't ` rags ' the cloth quality compared to pre-industrial clothing is extremely high , i 'd say fit for a king even . 
  it 's just the mass production capability and lack of different `` models '' that makes different societies look very homogeneous . 
  ( that 's however because people want to wear what most others are wearing . 
  not surprising seeing all this hate for anyone standing out even a little ) if 5 dollar modern day clothing were available to people say in medieval times , wars might be started over them . 
  they are are extremely comfortable , durable and soft compared to most of the stuff people have used for thousands of years . 
  someone bothered to scribble all that into stone just to make a complaint ? 
  he must have been really mad for weeks . 
  no , it really is not . 
  you have to see this from a second viewpoint . 
  while you can argue all about how good or bad it is to teach children to fear an all-powerful boogeyman , it 's not the value of having a very religious christian society that you can judge . 
  especially if the people are ` content ' with it and feel that it is right for them . 
  ( no matter how wrong you feel like they are ) it 's the ` other ' actual parts of the core values we can say are objectively good or bad based on evidence and reason , but even those will always be slightly colored by our own bias and viewpoint obviously you can say that this excuses racism and bigotry burning people alive because they are believed to be witches . 
  it does . 
  i am not going to deny that . 
  we must judge those kinds of actions based on other things , but you ca n't judge the society itself for appearing completely ass-backwards to you . 
  it 's simply a very very different way of life . 
  there were many people resisting modernization efforts because they felt that their traditional way of life was being destroyed . 
  they feared change . 
  sometimes with good reasons , most of the times not so . 
  i wish i could actually explain this like i mean to because it 's obvious that this will be misread but i do n't have a good way of putting it into proper english . 
  edit : i think the best way to showcase this is this thought : how would you explain to an alien creature whose entire life revolves around warfare that ` killing is bad ' ? 
  suppose that the alien was able to feel human feelings . 
  then why are you mad at people from central asia living in areas conquered by tsarist russia ? 
  these people are uzbeks and kazakhs and armenians and who knows what else . 
  like i said already the only thing that binds them to russia is that they happen to live in areas that russia conquered . 
  tsarist and bolshevik russia are a different thing entirely . 
  it 's not a photo compilation of ` russian russia ' but further parts of the russian empire . 
  it 's like being angry at someone because their cousin 's grandfather stole your car 50 years ago . 
  modern values are not superior to any other values . 
  they 're not some intrisic thing to human nature . 
  they are created by society , culture and social exchange of that era . 
  of course everyone believes their values are supreme , that 's kind of obvious , but the fact is that they are not . 
  well here 's my value : not imposing your own values on anyone else . 
  curiously this is the only thing i really picked up from star trek . 
  your way of thinking is n't really any different from the thoughts of most ` civilized ' nations in history . 
  they just labeled everything outside their borders ` savages ' for having a different way of life and that gave them a superiority casus belli against anyone on morally ambigious grounds . 
  here is an interesting example of two different types of ` values ' clashing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yaghan_people#european_contact being what we see as civilized maybe seen as good and it may even be objectively beneficial , but it 's not some point of view set in stone or something everyone would think naturally . 
  it is taught by the enviroment we grow up in . 
  sorry if i ruined your trolling effort . 
  it 's past 2 in the morning . 
  this is pre-bolshevik russia and these images are mostly from central asia . 
  these are people with no other relation to russia except living in areas that the russian empire conquered . 
  your `` those fucks '' is irrelevant and aimed at the wrong people . 
  what ? 
  you want everyone everywhere to wear jeans and hoodies ? 
  i mean sure , nobody should have to wear old rags but the upper class clothes are part of culture and history and westernization took that all away . 
  i love these colored pictures . 
  it 's the closest one can ever get to far history . 
  i wish camera had been invented before agriculture ... 
  ah man , quality entertainment . 
  i wish we had more of these in finland but best we get are some pretty clever burns . 
  absolutely glorious . 
  dating shows that give or take a few years but that 's about the time humans started developing agriculture and permanent settlements . 
  it 's still a deriative from the birth year of jesus but i think it 's a lot more reflective on humanity as a whole and does n't really carry any local or religious feelings to it . 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holocene_calendar, 
  suppose they 'd actually do it , what then ? 
  would we get rid of all other forms of energy production ? 
  do n't see the point for them personally if the energy output is as fabled as the scientists have hyped, 
  archeologists count down from 12,000 years ago , so it 's currently 12,015 which imo reflects better the advancement of humanity . 
  the us are bullies . 
  if you 're a fisherman and they happen to sail their ship close enough they 'll point their guns at you because supposedly you 're in their fucking way . 
  every holiday that gives a day off because it 's an excuse to get piss drunk . 
  wan na see again about that sunlight thing ? 
  it 's cloudy and rainy . 
  not sunny and snowy .
