  heard that he ended up loving the idea so much that he brought his family with him and stayed here . 
  also in finland but how do they expect anyone to remember these i do n't, 
  i am going to start calling him christmas goat from now on . 
  sounds good . 
  in all honesty as long as areas do n't get some serious neglect i personally would n't care where the taxes go . 
  finland already has one of the highest tax percents . 
  it would n't even feel in our wallets . 
  inevitable if world keeps developing as it is . 
  people in this thread seem to be completely ignoring the coming climate crisis of 2050-2100 , societal changes from bottom to top due to automation , the ensuing clash of need for constant economical growth versus the lives of people , possible diminishing and competition for natural resources and the rise of developing nations . 
  we 're on the brink of a second industrial revolution and unprecedented levels of cooperation / competition are going to be a part of it . 
  europe will fall behind if it does n't unify , for greater or worse . 
  hmm . 
  probably 7 pm gmt like always . 
  9th of january is the next one, 
  i do n't understand why people would want to waste their lives in an university when school already destroys your childhood completely . 
  this is why nobody should go to university . 
  just whack them in the face with a hammer and steal their wallets and dunno put their underpants on their heads . 
  this will stop then . 
  damn . 
  well done recap mate . 
  i decided incest was preferable to ramadan . 
  haha , what is christmas ? 
  what is outside ? 
  it 's all the same when you have your door closed and curtains down 24/7 . 
  well , if arathian wants to keep doing it the saturday multiplayer sessions will probably last well into spring so it 's up to you . 
  the sooner you get in , the sooner you can start steering a country . 
  yes . 
  especially if you do n't know the game . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/paradoxplaza/ if you want to see examples . 
  would you look at that ? 
  it 's currently on sale . 
  ( it 's on sale like every 2 weeks ) https://www.silagames.com/game/729/europa-universalis-iv even a redeemable steam code !, 
  you do n't even need the dlc since the host has them . 
  i do n't even want to think about the stuff required to get it to run on a private server since most of the turnout has a legit version . 
  either buy it or do n't play , sorry . 
  most playthroughs of paradox strategies are usually represented as an aar image album on imgur . 
  i suppose i could try to contribute to it . 
  there is no point streaming eu iv . 
  it 's not a game you can really stream , since it takes hours to achieve anything and nothing happens for ages . 
  remove kebab remove kebab yu are of worst turk u are the turk smell reclaim egypt reclaim suez bring back mamluk, 
  i just wan na go somewhere without bad weather for 6 months a year . 
  1 % of what ? 
  7 billion ? 
  that 's still a lot of people . 
  i 'd say many of the protesters here belong to the group themselves . 
  while i think everyone here just wants atleast a part of your clay for barent 's sea access ( which means we can also take all of your border guard duties !, 
  win win ! ), 
  for the little gesture this is , it would be really nice . 
  nobody is us 's vassal . 
  us has a superpower position and can influence other countries . 
  being a vassal would imply not having any say in foreign matters . 
  then the real person could do whatever changes he wanted to and completely sidestep any public backslash , right ? 
  china has for its thousands of years of history always been at the brink of civil war . 
  funny to think that it 's still not changing . 
  do you know what a `` sphere of influence '' is ? 
  this is essentially all the surface of superpower politics . 
  establishing your influence over secondary and minor nations is key point of it . 
  us does n't want to lose their influence to russia , because that weakens their global position from culture to economy to military . 
  [ this is finland ] ( http://puu.sh/lxhds/eea23a89a1.jpg ), 
  u wot m8, 
  what is a `` daylight '' ? 
  i have heard legends of a bright object beyond the sky but such claims have never been proven . 
  there is a norse pagan temple in iceland ? 
  well , got ta mark that one up for visit . 
  gib finnmark for north sea access and oil claims pls e : nordkapp and glaciers would be nice too, 
  huh . 
  well i think i remember it reading about it on a scienc-y magazine ( the kind that is mostly accurate but tends to overhype shit ) and yes it was the vasimr . 
  never thought about the delta-v requirement . 
  it makes sense though . 
  thanks for the links . 
  longest salamis i 've ever seen in a market hall . 
  better capital city . 
  better architecture . 
  more interesting history . 
  torture museum ( best shit ever basically ) i do n't know outside budapest though . 
  then again i barely see any reason for anyone to go visit helsinki so i wonder why would they absolutely bother to go outside of it . 
  anything to see in lappland ? 
  sure , but you get more bang for your buck by just going to finnmark in norway . 
  i just want someone to sometime give me an actual good reason why they would come here voluntarily . 
  should asks the japanese tourists why do they insist on travelling halfway across the globe just to visit a marimekko shop out of the way from everything . 
  it 's just a god damn fabric with spots n flowers n shit ffs . 
  if nasa gets the ion engine to actually work , travel time to mars would be cut down to ~ 33 days from 6 months . 
  interesting . 
  deepest jungle and wastelands are still fairly inaccessible . 
  4 days journey isnt bad at all . 
  you 'd be able to sail back and forth practically whole time . 
  16 days isnt bad either . 
  what changed ? 
  i was under the impression that the journey usually took 3 months in 1500 's or am i mistaken ? 
  yeah i dont get it either theres like half a dozen countries nearby that are way better and nicer places to go and people come here ? 
  why ? 
  yeah , welcome to the club , pal . 
  tl ; dr ottomans got gangbanged by half the players within 3 years , byz stronk , so many dcs , another player takes over , ottoman now stronk again . 
  i hope so . 
  just meant that if you have a choice between annexing a weaker player and vassalizing/protectorating them people would give them some chance to play too . 
  finland has the biggest army in europe . 
  you 're welcome . 
  on the other hand , in multiplayer you can always have gentlemanly rules regarding tech groups far below western so that the players have a chance to rise up as well . 
  if someone actually wants to spend 20 hours of their multiplayer session waiting for a western core to appear on their shores . 
  my only campaign i had to beat down mongols which took me an hour because i blobbed like shit and then stacked 200,000 men on one of the provinces they spawned in taking out half of their entire doomstack in process and then i just watched and laughed as europe fell and married my heir into the aztec empire bloodline and inherited the whole thing for fun .
