  do n't . 
  just do n't . 
  you 'll cry . 
  rules seem sensible . 
  i wonder how many ragequitters we have this time , mwahahaa . 
  why do you hate truffles , though ? 
  this one is written in the un 's proclamation of human rights , though . 
  why not ? 
  terrorism is freedom of the people against state . 
  sure , few infidels and heathens get a bullet in their head or lose their entire torso in an explosion . 
  small price for anyone who wants to follow their own rules . 
  all different kinds of political ideas are dangerous for the government . 
  any government . 
  that 's why they ban books , spy on you online and spread mind-dulling toxins in chemtrails . 
  it 's not dangerous for the general public . 
  it 's dangerous for the government . 
  might spark some ideas in public . 
  how does that make it any better ? 
  that 's still like the primetime to skip school and play minecraft or cs . 
  or whatever kids play now . 
  fourth estate ? 
  peasants ? 
  german people lose faith in themselves ? 
  hahahaha, 
  how does a question of opinion have right and wrong answers ? 
  a dead body is not human . 
  it 's like saying fucking a table is illegal . 
  a table ca n't consent . 
  why not make table fucking illegal ? 
  or fucking a furniture ? 
  its the same thing . 
  there 's nothing wrong with necrophilia . 
  any case against it is either on religious grounds or `` because its disgusting '' both of which are invalid if you 're trying to argue it 's morality . 
  corpses do n't give a fuck . 
  yes !, 
  two of my favorite things !, 
  finland 's not anywhere near the state you are with this issue . 
  our politicians are looking up to you as an example on how not to do things . 
  the discussion online however is just what you 'd expect . 
  moderates have barely any voice . 
  it 's ridicilous . 
  you 're either a racist that talks like they dropped out of elementary or you 're a `` progressive idealist '' who thinks anyone with even slightly tougher and realistic views on the world is automatically racist . 
  yeah , but it still seems like the only reason he runs for president is that he gets a better position to drive the benefits of his own bank account from the top level instead of having to rely purely on lobbying . 
  i have an idea . 
  obviously late-game megablobs are going to be a problem ( combined with alliances . 
  seriously , who would n't do it ? ), 
  let 's use a mod that increases the amount of ae gained from annexing and declaring a war . 
  seriously . 
  we can put it on after a certain date ( say 1600 ) . 
  this means we can use coalitions to either fuck with imperial blobs or slow them down significantly . 
  one or two huge players are fine , but when the alliances get completely stagnant and inorganic then the game becomes an analogy to capitalism where the people on top can never fall down . 
  i 'd like to leave my vote for reducing the playtime to 4 hours next campaign , or maybe setting two 2:30 h sessions per week , if it fits everyone . 
  a 5 hour session without any pause can get a bit too long imo . 
  used to be inhabited by native siberians ( who are closely genetically related to indians . 
  so closely infact that you could say they are the same ) most of them met the same fate too . 
  wiped out by the diseases . 
  in the late 1700 's when russians conquered and colonized their way across siberia they finally reached the pacific and its tribes . 
  i just pulled every number out of my ass . 
  it 's just too expensive to live , so might as well not live at all . 
  2k salary with 30 % taxes where 1,2 k goes to mandatory expenses like rent and internet and you have 200 euros for food . 
  yay . 
  i 'd rather just kill myself . 
  what the hell does it matter ? 
  streissand effect is gon na happen . 
  originated from 19th century racist race theories . 
  there are some `` records '' ( dunno how reliable ) that said that the vikings believed the finns to be nuisance and wizards not worth raiding . 
  late summer - early fall . 
  it 's warm , but not hot . 
  if you bsolutely insist on travelling in winter , go north and look up weather forecasts first . 
  either bosnia or herzegovina is fine . 
  that one just looks weird . 
  why are they insisting on using that ugly name ? 
  if they quit there will be a shitstorm because there were multiple people who got fucked over the entire game wishing to play until the end and now the rest of the people just seem to go `` oh well time to start over '' that 's not fun . 
  you 're in all the way or you 're out . 
  5 hour sessions are too long imo . 
  sweden, 
  so you 're telling me there 's a chance, 
  no , but it looks ridicilous . 
  every country has plans like these . 
  i 'd be more surprised if russia did n't . 
  the only argument i can see being made for this is that it 's a useful language . 
  along with spanish , you can cover atleast half the landmass of the world if you want to travel . 
  but who travels to the middle-east ? 
  the president is n't a politician though and he has no power . 
  sakha republic , population less than a million and the area is the size of india . 
  holy hell . 
  how would they even administrate that ? 
  russia has so much empty woodland it 's almost hilarious . 
  thats a boatload of money saved when you can just force someone else to defend you if they want to keep their influence . 
  careful or someone starts a campaign promoting living elsewhere in the country as hip and cool . 
  that 's sad . 
  we should make greater finland a reality . 
  atleast viipuri and land corridor to white sea or arctic sea :(, 
  how many separatist movements are there in russia ? 
  would be interesting to see the people of siberia and karelia and whoever else just break off . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfnyhja6r0u it 's not even my country but i like it, 
  yeah i agree with you . 
  it 's idealistic but it 's beyond human nature and the very nature of international politics . 
  power politics are cancer . 
  the way i see it , the only difference here is that us has a far , far better pr .
