  honestly if putin had the same kind of machine to influence news and opinions and had built peaceful relationships for a few decades before doing their stuff , i do n't think anyone would bat an eye . 
  not at all . 
  i really do n't care and it does n't affect my daily life . 
  king is swedish ? 
  burn it . 
  visit another country to go to school there . 
  yup . 
  brilliant . 
  flawless . 
  this is why orville and wilbur died . 
  of the thought that one day young guys and gals fly across the lands and seas just to spend their wondrous time in another country with their faces nailed in their textbooks and sometimes also their toilet bowl . 
  the vatican is the only party in this that still cares . 
  so weird . 
  oh yes the amount of paper that gets used even today is ridicilous . 
  i cringe everytime i 'm handed a pile of paper that are going to be most likely very temporary use to anyone . 
  would be nice to get a full 4g coverage before that . 
  this is so fucking unfair !, 
  finland needs to invade spain . 
  simply beautiful . 
  a story for the ages . 
  iran , mongolia , spain , italy , greece , tunis , egypt , iraq , france , portugal , sweden and denmark , ethiopia , lithuania , austria , turkey , mali ? , macedonia hmm ... 
  it 's missing a lot of countries but i ca n't remember them all . 
  shows exactly how little you understand or respect world history . 
  the sooner you as a nation you can admit that `` yes , we fucked up , we should never do that again but it was also kinda badass do n't you think ? '', 
  is the point when you can move on and drop the ties that still bind you to things long past . 
   own your history , but do n't go repeating it . 
  hitler 's charisma , full employment and rapid militarization and literally raising germany from the mud they were trampled to 20 years earlier is nothing if not impressive . 
  not to mention fighting a quite succesful two front war for a while . 
  i respect the achievements of the nazi regime in the same way i respect sauron 's rule over mordor . 
  in good and bad . 
  do n't even try to spin this as being supportive of the nazis . 
  i am not . 
  if you look at history in an emotionally loaded way , you are shrouding your own judgement with bias . 
  who would n't ? 
  they could literally claim half the living space on the entire planet . 
  it 's an absolute achievement . 
  not only that but the fact that english is the modern trade & communications language . 
  english . 
  not even something easier . 
  nobody is saying that the death of people and destruction of various cultures and forced lifestyle conversion was a good thing . 
  it absolutely fucking sucks , but it 's not like someone else would have not done it . 
  it was a time of empires and absolutism , which is now decades if not centuries away . 
  that does n't make it any less impressive as an achievement . 
  the same could be said for russia . 
  respect to the pioneers who went out and colonized in fucking siberia . 
  own your history , but do n't go repeating it . 
  really ? 
  it looks fine to me . 
  why not fix it ? 
  it 's a shame there is n't a river across the eastern europe to use for transport, 
  ahh i get now thanks, 
  i dont understand this picture . 
  largest population in largest countries ? 
  what ? 
  how does this make any sense ? 
  my name is jihad mohammad jihad derka derka bakalakaka, 
  why would you want friends ? 
  there 's hundreds of thousands of square kilometers of places to go and stockholm has shit to do if you just go . 
  man i went from 600 dev to a bare 100 development . 
  it 's gon na take a while to build back . 
  sigh . 
  to be fair that was my first time playing a horde so i did n't really get the gist of it . 
  now i am in iqta though . 
  i think i 'm gon na go espionage for fun . 
  it 's the same as if someone came up to you and started touching your hair for no reason . 
  most will understand that it 's a cultural thing so will give a pass but you will make them extremely uncomfortable and people who do n't know about the custom might get hostile . 
  so do n't do it unless you want to risk getting pushed away or punched . 
  that depends . 
  if the spanish are trying to start a conversation in spanish only , i might get a ptsd from the encounter but if they try to talk in a language i understand and touch it would be only `` extremely horrible '', 
  it 's only -20 now . 
  basically a light jacket weather . 
  they just happen to take their `` swarm , no lines '' culture over to wherever else . 
  queuing with a russian means giving them lots of really angry glances and keeping them from passing you . 
  best tv show ever made . 
  do n't take this as a fact but someone said that these groups are lead from scandinavian countries . 
  they 're just a puppet branch . 
  that 's some leap of logic right there . 
  can we turn this to pr and advertising ? 
  why not ? 
  finally there 's something interesting to keep an eye on at your front door . 
  mind you , i still wo n't bother reading the articles themselves but i enjoy seeing a dozen new titles about people doing stupid shit all over europe . 
  even still , what 's the truth ? 
  who needs tv shows anymore when reading news articles is much more interesting entertainment . 
  hmm . 
  iltasanomat ( a dailymail - like tabloid ) wrote that the police chief had said that they have to talk to parents because he thought that the groups were provoked . 
  ( by the victims , implied the article ) yle , a lot more credible news source here says that in the harassment groups there are also women inciting the men to commit this harassment . 
  but now it 's hard to say what he actually said . 
  that 's because they belong in the fucking retarded group that wants to risk flu and shivering at the bus stop just to look `` sexy '' at work and school . 
  some men do it too . 
  i always laugh at them when they 're standing outside and visibly shivering . 
  they are a minority . 
  if you want to see a lot of them go to russia . 
  man , i do n't sub to the magazine illuminati personally but it does make me wonder when so many claims in so many countries are made about the news being slow on purpose as well as not covering extensively enough these sort of things . 
  i seriously just want someone to come out and give facts that point one way or the other . 
  i think the problem is really that people who immediately stamp something as racist or sexist far outweight the current group that 's been calling magazines biased for a long time . 
  a true journalist should n't give a fuck about his or her reputation . 
  only about the truth and being a neutral informant . 
  too idealistic :(, 
  what do the editorial staff and the maganize get out of it ? 
  financial bonus ?
