  do the same for traditional folk music . 
  well i want compensations for renaming viipuri . 
  hockey , football , shame shit , different ruleset . 
  all my comments are generalized to get the point across without spending 9 minutes typing . 
  i like how economy is suffering due to corrupt american bankers and the only thing keeping us afloat is asians who play unhealthy amounts of f2p mobile games . 
  my international friends do n't like my dark and offensive humor :(, 
  because you 're so used to the fact that everyone is shorter than you , then some random dude who 's almost your height appears and it just feels so weird . 
  or worse . 
  a girl that 's taller than you . 
  or best  depends, 
  worst feeling ever . 
  you get a daily post of spurdo as war reparations . 
  [ starting now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rll8rp21fka ), 
  lol , midgets . 
  #  not even in the 1.8 club, 
  thanks wall street, 
  i had to spend two months in a building like that . 
  nobody ever got around to installing signal boosters . 
  it sucked but was kinda good for productivity so i suspect it was on purpose . 
  living far away from everything is not so bad when you get pings and dl speed comparable to a broadband . 
  i burst out laughing when i saw that . 
  sweden 's absurdity never ends . 
  they 've really dug their own grave . 
  but hey , atleast the immigrants are trying to learn swedish . 
  if a finn with a big knife walks through its fine ? 
  ayytthuatha best country, 
  dae remember le 90 's when everything was better etc. 
  is that on top of an old fortress ? 
  why not latin atleast the name doesnt sound like a cheap coffee brand, 
  haha 1 death on british side due to suicide . 
  welcome to the nordics , hope you enjoy your short stay !, 
  has anyone tried putting honey in coffee ? 
  it 's the best , my friend showed me the light and i want to spread the gospel of it to all of the world . 
  replace sugar with honey . 
  thank me later . 
  do you wan na fucking die iceland ? 
  diplomatic insult casus belli gained, 
  is there seriously someone on the entire continent who does n't know asterix and obelix ? 
  i never forgot about it in the first place . 
  there 's a pretty big moral difference between not tolerating homosexuality and not giving them rights . 
  i 'd honestly love to hear the leap of logic of the correlation between sticking your dick in someone 's anus and not getting basic human rights . 
  this is kinda like opening a gate to where you can ostracize people for whatever reason you can think of if it suits you . 
  there 's no way this will ever work feasibly . 
  even thermal expansion is going to cause massive problems . 
  how do you have so much people like wtf half of ours starved from famine and the rest move out at the same speed we get more immigrants from middle-east, 
  did someone say depression and deadly stds ? 
  i fucking live for garlic bread . 
  i personally think a technocracy would be a great system compared to democracy . 
  we might actually get shit done and with logic instead of fishing for votes and emotional responses . 
  half of these places only exist for the people who are unfortunate enough to be born there . 
  it 's kinda hard to call a village of 58 people `` a place of interest '', 
  i live in the toxic zone and the best part is that you cherish every chance you have to eat something else than the cheapest microwave pizza . 
  this is more or less the reason i support this idea even though it would be kind of bad for my country . 
  to be fair , i sometimes keep my jacket open even at cold weather because i do n't need to close it . 
  i 'm not going to run around in clothes where heat escapes from easily if it 's -10 or -20 . 
  alright , haha . 
  where are you from btw ? 
  just to get a context for the map . 
  your flair is an eu flag . 
  even though i ca n't understand estonian that well i can understand the gist of the conversation on nala 's part nearly perfectly . 
  where 'd you get it and how much did it cost ? 
  the way i see it , yeah we allied with them . 
  we fought the soviets and later we fought the germans . 
  we played everyone like a damn fiddle . 
  finland won ww2 . 
  hey !, 
  we ca n't afford corruption :(, 
  this has everything to do with housing and relocation policy rather than failure to integrate and/or amount of immigrants . 
  we do it right in finland . 
  they get relocated all around the country to prevent ghettoisation . 
  similar to how high income and low income housing are mixed in the same areas . 
  if sweden just sent them everywhere instead of giving an entire city block of housing to immigrants this problem would have been avoided from the get go . 
  the far cry photoshop for example . 
  i liked the 4chan memes that spawned out of this event . 
  lmao why is this so hard to wrap your head around ? 
  he can complain about the fucking ac if he wants . 
  denying him a game console which other prisoners in the same facility could get is pointless spite and revenge porn . 
  it does n't help anyone and just compromises the rule of law . 
  every single human , no matter how hated and what horrid commitments they did or good things , are equal under law . 
  how does it feel to watch your home country and culture turn into a train wreck in slow mo ? 
  again . 
  i want 0.08 back :(, 
  colonialism was n't the start . 
  it 's the middle . 
  nice . 
  not how i 'd pick technical staff to manage possibly extremely dangerous materials but nice . 
  nasa and world militaries could take a cue . 
  estranged twin . 
  that 's screwed itself over with shite municipal planning that has now lead to unrest . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  its a really interesting building and i hope to visit . 
  how slow can you ? 
  that must cost the city billions . 
  that video is so absurd i 'm dying of laughter, 
  and this is exactly the type of things eu should improve its own directives on . 
  no its the best, 
  so could you people stop breeding like rabbits ? 
  thanks . 
  i dont understand how, 
  i like the way you think about travelling .
