  i suppose if you go up to the very north where the sun does n't rise above the horizon you might get more sun than in the south . 
  i do n't feel qualified to comment because it would have an obvious cultural bias ( especially whatever comes to household objects , though that might just be my apartment ) so let 's get this out of the way : do n't have to feel bad about not going out or even having windows in your house ( i keep a permanent curtain on my windows except during summer ) because it rains 7 months a year , you go without sun for months and it 's always cold and windy . 
  just me ? 
  okay . 
  let ^ me ^ out ^ of ^ this ^ country ^ please, 
  whenever i see that * thing * in the frozen foods pool/shelf i immediately pass . 
  it 's pure heresy . 
  it 's the worst mix i can think of . 
  dude , i was only in turkey once ( a stupid tourist trip to alanya , meh ) stopped at a gas station . 
  kebab was cheaper and better than anything i 've eaten in finland . 
  i wish i could order kebab by airmail from turkey . 
  why do a lot of them look the same ? 
  it 's like they just copy-pasted from some original idea . 
  oh man how times change, 
  i wish we did have a fast food restaurant focusing on mexican food . 
  i am tired of hamburgers . 
  why 's it called helsinki committee though ? 
  so was osama bin laden person of the year or not ? 
  skyrim belongs to the nords, 
  dunno , kinda wan na join but have to see . 
  might play teutons . 
  nobody expects the spanish neighborhoodwatch, 
  looks very forced . 
  it feels like someone tries very hard to want to mix old and new and utterly fails at it . 
  in a way it 's kind of sad but on the other hand i 'd rather be able to talk with anyone without any issues than run into language barriers everywhere i go . 
  really likely that even if every single country had english as their language , it would n't even take 2 decades for them to be incoherent to each other as they 'd be a mix of bad english , native language and new words . 
  spoken finnish for a lot of people after 90 's is very fluid finglish but it would be only semi-understandable to a foreigner . 
  thanks . 
  i will culturally approriate this when approriate ( winter ) just like the potatoes mmmmm and llamas, 
  what kind of hat is that ? 
  lets send all the syrians across the atlantic !, 
  darwinism at it 's finest, 
  i think the norse religion is what sells internationally these days . 
  it has been franchised into popular culture product . 
  are there similar compositions for other ancient civilizations ? 
  i 'd love to hear some authentic sounding music from other places . 
  turkey - not even once, 
  making a bad joke is n't really worth a lifetime ban . 
  i understand the reaction . 
  i do n't understand the punishment . 
  people need to get some fucking sense . 
  i think that is the right attitude . 
  sure , i do n't except security to not react to these kind of jokes but you can go totally overboard or just let it go . 
  well , i stand partly corrected then . 
  thanks for providing sauce . 
  is there something i am missing here then ? 
  democracy in the current middle-east is a broken system . 
  as fucked up as it is , there need to be progressive minded dictators this time or an educated populace . 
  i hate imposing western values on other nations but this shit is not going to stop unless it 's done . 
  that is completely irrelevant . 
  those attitudes should be changed over time , but it has nothing to do with murdering civilians . 
  not to mention you are pulling your numbers out of your ass . 
  oh well , maybe i 'm responding to a troll . 
  2 degrees . 
  i want out . 
  man , still my favorite tv show . 
  they showed a complete rerun up to the italian reboot and i watched it all everyday for months . 
  is n't this the place from star wars ? 
  woah . 
  this is made from multiple photographs and some photoshop magicks , right ? 
  what settings did you use ? 
  it looks really good . 
  sometimes , but i always threw the note in the trash can on the way home and that was that . 
  there were no penalties for skipping homework at school because it was checked the next morning so who gives a fuck about it . 
  the school system is still super easy and relaxed . 
  es/mf                   coffee, 
  that guy with his brain on the pavement and his skull empty and open and flapping in the wind that 's the kind of shit you do n't see everyday , holy fuck . 
  and turku 's just one of the nicer looking cities here . 
  imagine going to a small inland city in the winter . 
  i hate summer ending , but atleast its not raining . 
  so , do they mean like spoken also ? 
  `` i wan na go to the movies , winkyface '' i think we 're just better off nuking the entire planet . 
  cool . 
  i wish i could afford food . 
  god is beerus and he just keeps us alive because he likes the food we can create . 
  it 's super weird to see 1600 and 1800 centuries look so similar . 
  if you compared life now to life 100 years ago it would look vastly different . 
  holy fuck , what is this new wave of authoriarism ? 
  let 's just ban oversized hoodies and sunglasses next . 
  they can cover your identity . 
  symbolism is not a valid reason for banning something . 
  it 's fucking backwards and emotion based . 
  on a clear day , due to the curvature of earth and air density , visibility is usually in the 80 km range max . 
  you can just barely see tallinn in these edge cases . 
  most of the days , you ca n't except from very high up . 
  easily from an airplane even if you 're flying at say 1 km height over helsinki area . 
  it just takes some time to get used to . 
  in the end user feedback and reputation is what keeps sellers trustworthy . 
  sellers have way more risk in dealing with anonymous buyers than other way around . 
  this is why darknet is safer than buying off the street or from soneone selling in the pub toilet stall . 
  if you sell a shit product online , your reputation will be dragged on the floor and mob lynched . 
  people are also really good at spotting `` alternate accounts '' after that . 
  finno ugric people are not caucasian but a separate genetic ethnicity from africans , asians and europeans . 
  atleast you chose a fitting username to describe yourself . 
  its because of kommissar rex clearing it out of all crime . 
  lusty argonian maid is everyday reality . 
  but midsummer is a pagan holiday, 
  these are the kind of events that increase baseball bat sales by 6 to 14 units . 
  quality banter . 
  y ' all want some wood ?
