afaik this was basically just a basic sql injection into a comment box on instagram which should never ever go through but the code was extremely poorly secured so the vulnerability was there . 
  still impressive for a 10 year old , but not super difficult to do . 
  well i do n't know , thats the thing . 
  but when you have a huge deal like this negotiated in secret and the only stuff leaking out of it are the bad parts people are obviously going to think of it as something sinister . 
  how , though ? 
  while i normally think a government agency raiding a news/broadcasting company is a bit sinister , in this case fuck those guys . 
  go get the papers so we can actually track down those fucks and ~ ~ beat the shit out of them ~ ~ get back our tax euros, 
  well you have to admit that portugal is essentially bordergore cockblocking spain from getting beautiful borders in iberia . 
  if only it hadnt been negotiated in secret . 
  people always assume the worst , so prove me wrong . 
  please . 
  but ttip and ttp together seems so ... 
  global . 
  both are hailed as terrible for anyone else but the us . 
  small businesses should flourish and not get completely stomped by foreign imports . 
  more over , the ability to sue a government for profit is just a balls-on-face retarded idea . 
  idk man , whatever the good sides are to this agreement the downsides seem super dark and knowing history things might not go so well after . 
  i really hope ttip wo n't go through . 
  at its worst the whole thing sounds like a prelude to an era i 'd rather avoid . 
  even at its best its just good for the us , not anyone else . 
  seems also rather suspicious that theyre doing a similar trade deal with asia and ocenia at the same time . 
  even if we were , so what ? 
  germany , italy and japan are still allowed to honor their soldiers and ww2 regardless if they are on the losing side or not . 
  we ca n't even sell beautiful sub-tropical beaches to russians so they could build casinos on them . 
  what if rivers are blood vessels for the ground and the earth is alive ? 
  thx m9, 
  i was actually thinking of that a few hours ago . 
  it would be the perfect copypasta if you just modernize a few words of it to really drive the point home . 
  so , what 's the best way to insult erdogan ? 
  send a letter to turkish embassy ? 
  it 's just a prank bro, 
  really really jelly of their job . 
  they get to dive into the wreck of the vasco de gama 's ship and find 500 year old artifacts . 
  like . 
  jelly . 
  jelly . 
  this is super awesome . 
  thank you . 
  how about just a gps tracker then you could see the movement of 20,000 soldiers ... 
  well fuck the multinationals then . 
  letting them play however they want is spineless . 
  finland has had this system since like 1930 's but it was never used succcesfully until a few years ago . 
  hooray for internet !, 
  open the tortillas !, 
  dash cam videos . 
  yes !, 
  made by the same people who made the moomin anime no less . 
  dutch-finnish-japanese quality . 
  that 's fine . 
  i just think it 's dumb as hell that they would bend over and not do this simply because someone complained . 
  like the other user put it , this is completely spineless . 
  its the postal service essentially bending over because of the whining of delusional people . 
  there is nothing offensive in any of these . 
  ironic . 
  freedom of speech - set of post stamps cancelled because some people hate freedom of speech . 
  as if it wasnt soured already . 
  accurate description . 
  when i was a kid , i used to do a lot of cruises to tallinn . 
  this one time , i had three different people fall on me . 
  the toilets are always terrible . 
  people are loud and annoying . 
  finns are terrible people to travel with . 
  look , it 's trying to be funny !, 
  you know what would be useful ? 
  if everyone just adopted to use `` it '' like the finns do . 
  man ? 
  woman ? 
  pet ? 
  baby ? 
  table , chair , fork ? 
  it 's super useful and works . 
  ah , a blunt guy , are we ? 
  would you rather use a bong than a vape ? 
  they could just digitally replace it with pictures of kittens . 
  if there was an item to block ads from everyday life , be it train stations or magazines , i would buy it . 
  constantinople back to the greeks !, 
  what 's the point though ? 
  he 's not getting out even if they only gave him 40 years . 
  why ? 
  you 'll die anyway sooner or later . 
  ssssssssssshhhhhhhhhhh shut up . 
  dont talk about iiiiiiit . 
  besides brussels , belgium was one of those countries nobody cared about . 
  it just a matter of months before the helsinki railway station blows up . 
  i am already getting slightly paranoid everytime i walk through there . 
  should i jump to the ground if i see explosives or run away ? 
  i do n't want to get hit by the blastwave . 
  you ca n't kill an ideology . 
  you can kill all of it 's believers though . 
  when did you get internet ? 
  because this here is what we call trolling . 
  still super corruptible . 
  there 's no shame in being honest and humble . 
  stockholm is a much cooler city than helsinki . 
  same with leningrad or oslo or even tallinn . 
  more than ... half the city is foreign how is it still standing ? 
  is n't based tyrone nigerian as well ? 
  seen a few vietnamese people who mostly run corner shop fast food places . 
  they work too hard . 
  if you sit in the shop at 3 am and wait for 5 stoners to come buy food when nobody else is around then you 're working way too hard .
