  why 'd you fuck yourselves to this point, 
  surely you mean [ this ] ( http://gallery.stupidfusion.com/random_pictures/1365871511484.png ), 
  being a danger to society is no basis for classifying something as illness and something as not . 
  since you resort to name calling instead of drawing an actual counterpoint , i 'm really not in the mood for this debate anymore . 
  good day sir . 
  holy shit , you really do n't get it ? 
  seriously ? 
  do i have to draw my comparison ? 
  what ? 
  huh ? 
  if we have a set comparison point . 
  person a is `` normal '' he is straight and has normal brain chemistry . 
  then we have person b and c. c is gay . 
  c brain functions slightly differently from person a , meaning he 's attracted to the same sex . 
  person b has sociopathic tendencies . 
  this means that his brain also only varies slightly from person a. 
  now tell me , why would person b be classified as abnormal when c would not be ? 
  either both are abnomal or neither . 
  you ca n't just choose to be `` progressive '' or because the other is disruptive for society thus convenient to classify as something undesirable . 
  not only that but when you get the big numbers , only at most 10 % of the population is gay . 
  there are mental illnesses which have a prevalance of 10 % or more ( http://www2.nami.org/factsheets/mentalillness_factsheet.pdf atleast in us ) . 
  why are those classified as illnesses then ? 
  why not remove them as well ? 
  why not create two main categories for mental illnesses ? 
  all rightful muslim clay !, 
  add/adhd for example . 
  those are minor changes in brain compared to normal , so i do n't see why it 's classified as abnormal other than for the sake of categorization . 
  the whole mental illness classification for anything hinges on how much people dislike it or how disruptive it is . 
  i 'd say the prevalence of such people should be taken into account when something is said to be `` abnormal '', 
  i 'm not homophobic . 
  i 'm saying that if it 's not considered abnormal , then a bunch of other `` illnesses '' should not either . 
  way to misread the entire post on purpose . 
  if homosexuality is not abnormal , then we have to cross psychopathy and other mental illnesses off the list as well . 
  otherwise we would claim that the defintion of mental illness is about how disruptive you are to society . 
  and we should . 
  people are different . 
  just stop impaling them . 
  nobody is asking you to stop the tradition , but unnecessary suffering is n't very nice either . 
  in finland you have to pay 1 % church tax ( atleast for protestants ) which is pretty much entirely administration fees . 
  there are much better uses for those bux like donating to a kitty shelter or buying a gram of weed . 
  it 's very interesting though . 
  the colonial government was basically a democracy outright , during a time when monarchies started to fall everywhere . 
  i do n't think constitution is the hallmark of government . 
  that 's a fairly recent invention , so i 'd say san marino takes the cake . 
  which is sad because state religion is a really good tool for increasing tax revenue . 
   stay with the church for obvious reasons . 
  what are those ? 
  in finland people leave the church to save money . 
  well thats why they smell like piss :p it 's easy to keep them clean when they 're covered with plastic, 
  does the paris metro have soft cushioned seats or hard/plastic seats ? 
  both . 
  i 'm sticking to it . 
  it looks like a salami but tastes like chorizo . 
  yes sure but you better have a damn good reason for it and please do n't keep going for more than 1 minute . 
  say what you need to and stop unless someone wants to keep conversing . 
  ignoring a person talking to you is too awkward so you may get a slightly annoyed grunt in response . 
  i know m8 i always go there to buy their cheap chili-cheese . 
  if you like chorizo , there is a really good package of chorizo salami for like 3 euros . 
  makes for an excellent snack too . 
  top kek, 
  cool thread . 
  here are my two favorite finnish sayings . 
  * kaikki on paskaa paitsi kusi - * everything is shit except piss * * paska reissu mutta tulipahan tehty\u00e4 - * shitty trip/journey but atleast it 's done *, 
  how many gigabytes do you need to hold all streetview pictures ? 
  exactly . 
  you do n't need a navy for that . 
  you just need these two ships . 
  that 's my point . 
  i mean obviously a country needs to have border patrol capability but whats the point of having an actual navy as a mostly landlocked country . 
  scandinavia has never been a paradise . 
  it just supports human decency . 
  well then that sounds more or less like the finnish welfare system as i have understood it . 
  i do n't know what there is to be envious about . 
  i 'd rather live in germany , haha . 
  just curious , for comparison 's sake . 
  in germoney if you are a student just moving into your own apt and you are studying fulltime , how do you afford it ? 
  does the govt pay your rent and internet ? 
  do you have to get a loan ? 
  if so , how much interest ? 
  or do you have to work alongside school ? 
  desertification is a major global problem . 
  at this rate we 'll end up with a global desert by 3000, 
  it was a direct result of the northern crusades , though . 
  one language one culture one religion . 
  that is my eu 4 policy . 
  in the name of fairness though , the language should be a new one . 
  an abomination of 7 different languages . 
  the lithuanian king turned to christianity to save his people from constant invasions . 
  after they christianized , they still got invaded by other christians . 
  beginning of the end ? 
  facebook died years ago already . 
  i am going to mostly hate them and spew bile . 
  fuck it , switzerland . 
  it 's not impossible but it sucks ass to play . 
  maybe i just did it wrong . 
  zoroaster ate too much of my time . 
  man , that just means i 'm either a semiguaranteed megapower in late game or get roflstomped by 1450 . 
  i actually do n't know what to play . 
  i obviously do n't want to gimp myself that much , i have a campaign as scandinavian country already going and i 've rarely played european powers . 
  if there are players in asia i might choose one of those but i kinda wan na be something cool .
