  especially those that concern you personally ? 
  edit : i 'm not advocating illegal immigration , i 'm just saying that the argument about `` skipping in line '' is disingenuous and makes it seem as if people that immigrate illegally are just doing it that way because they are lazy or do n't like following rules just for the sake of it . 
  the choice many illegal immigrants are faced with is n't between legally immigrationg or illegally immigrating ; it 's between poor economic prospects or illegally immigrating and simply saying `` well they should just come legally and follow the rules damnit ! '', 
  is the rethorical equivalente of covering your ears and saying `` na na na na i ca n't hear you '' . 
  i repeat : this does n't mean that there should n't be rules or proceedures or that they should n't be followed , but the mere existence of a rule is not enough ( at least for me ) to justify its enforcement . 
  it needs to be defended on its own merits , had you said : `` legal mexican immigrants like trump because illegal immigrants depreciate wages/bring crime/are burdens on society/etc '' i would n't be arguing about the `` skipping in line '' argument . 
   i 'm not even sure what your point is here but it seems you are trying to work some sort of `` gotcha question '' over on me . 
  my point is that it 's disingenuous to portray the issue as `` skipping the line '' when , as you said , there are multiple reasons for illegal immigration . 
   lol stop pretending you do n't understand my bad spanish , it 's petty and childish . 
  i genuinely do n't know what the hell you mean by `` codigos '' , in any case i prefer fully understanding what someone is saying instead of assuming what they meant . 
   you 're obviously emotionally involved here . 
  i could say the same of you , but i do n't see how that would be relevant . 
   not everyone skips the line out of desperation , and you know it . 
  never said otherwise . 
   you tried to act like illegals have a divine right to illegally enter the us because their life is hard . 
  never said so . 
   you 're presuming 1 ) all illegals have a hard life never said so . 
   2 ) no illegals skip the legal peocess because they 're logistically incapable or barred with good cause . 
  never said so . 
   both of these are false presumptions . 
  sure . 
   you think all of the illegal guatemalans , hondurans and salvadorans in mexico are there for viturous reasons too ? 
  but i believe the vast majority of them are and i believe they should have a right to freely move and work in my country as long as their countries reciprocated by giving us the same right . 
  here , i 'll just explictly say what i was getting at because you seem to be having some difficulties : the issue of illegal immigration is more complex than just people wanting to `` skip the line '' . 
  the analogy of illegal immigrants cutting ahead of legal immigrants is misleading if not intellectually dishonest . 
  that 's it . 
  at no point am i saying that countries should n't enforce their immigration laws nor that all illegal immigrants are so due to virtuous reasons . 
   they skip the line to eliminate the likely scenario where they are turned away then the issue is not as simple as people just `` skipping the line ahead of legal immigrants '' , is it ? 
   we do n't need 20 million unskilled laborers . 
  the fact that someone is actually hiring them seems to contradict that . 
  i think you should work on your reading comprehension because you 're arguing against points i never made . 
  you should also work on your spanish because i ca n't make sense of what the hell you said . 
  why do you think that people `` skip the line '' ? 
  do you believe that people pay thousands of dollars to people smugglers , suffer the extortions from drug cartels , trek through the desert and then do back breaking labor for low wages just so that they can skip on some paper work ? 
  i also would like to see how many mexican legal migrants , not americans of mexican descent , actually support donald trump . 
  i actually ca n't think of a latin american country where the us has n't done something horrible like supporting dictators , coup d'\u00e9tats , etc. 
  just because you do n't need a visa it does n't mean that you have free entry , as a mexican i was also asked for a visa when traveling to spain even though mexicans are visa exempt . 
  if immigration officials in germany think that you plan on staying there for more than 90 days then they can send you back . 
  i think that some people associate taking `` extreme '' positions with extreme emotions , while associating `` moderates '' and `` centrists '' with cool-headed thinking , which is ironic because this belief in itself is emotional . 
  you can be perfectly rational while taking an `` extreme '' position , for example : on the hypothetical question of whether we should kill the belgians , a `` rational '' `` moderate '' would be in favor of compromising and maybe killing a few of them . 
  i say we kill them all . 
  i used latin americans specifically for the spanish case : there has already been a big attack in spain and there have been several isis fighters coming from spain . 
  and morocco , algeria , tunisia , etc have n't been invaded recently either , and yet many terrorists have blood from those countries . 
  latin americans are one of the biggest groups in spain , indians are highly present in the uk and the chinese are in every country . 
  well you can just substitute vietnamese and cambodians for latin americans or indians or chinese , all of them are big immigrant groups from countries that were actively oppressed by european countries and yet they do n't commit acts of terrorism, 
  yep , it 's not chinese immigrants shooting up theaters in paris nor colombians blowing up trains in madrid . 
  the oppression argument is a way to shift the discussion away from the actual problem . 
   is cartagena de indias a different place ? 
  i 've always wanted to visit the spanish colonial cartagena , but gee , if there are two of them i should check my ticket . 
  cartagena is a spanish city , cartagena de indias is a colombian city . 
   `` you forgot about the basque torturers , ertzaintza , and there are plenty of basques in the cnp and guardia civil . 
  he also forgot about the people that lock others in zulos , put car bombs outside their homes or shoot them in front of their kids , but maybe it does n't count as torture when basques do it to others . 
  i 'm not defending security forces commiting acts of torture . 
  no country that claims to be a democratic state that respects human rights can ignore violations of due process and presumption of innocence . 
   but they do n't even try to understand us . 
  we ca n't understand you !, 
  for some odd reason it 's easier for portuguese speakers to understand spanish than the inverse . 
  kalimotxo is what you drink when you want to drink at a public park andget shitfaced for less than 3 euros , sidra is where it 's at . 
   other countries could be concerned about the uk acting as a gateway for 500 million except that being able to work in britain would n't give them a right to work in the rest of the eu . 
  they want pizza kebab , but greece only has gyros, 
  all countries have this problem : basically they can only control the entrance of legal immigrants , they ca n't do the same for illegal immigrants , and since both groups get lumped together as `` foreigners '' then when governments want to sound tough on immigration they reduce the entrance of legal immigrants , who also happen to be highly educated , motivated and generally useful people . 
  it 's bureaucracy in action . 
  my point is that at some point the line between a private chauffeur and a taxi driver becomes blurry , that 's why some form of regulation other than `` wo n't someone please think of the taxis ?!?!, 
  is needed . 
  the taxi can pick up people from the street without being called , but anyway the distinction between both can be fuzzy , so that 's precisely why some form of regulation ( like in the article ) is needed . 
  what is the difference between a private chauffeur anouncing his services by advertising on the newspaper or by giving you his card and someone doing it through an app ? 
   probably , but i think that 's weird . 
  all catalonians are citizens of the eu , they should n't be stripped of that by actions of a level in between them and the eu . 
  they would n't be stripped of european nationality as long as they kept spanish nationality . 
  what is the difference between uber and a private chauffeur service ? 
   so it 's hardly going to make a difference . 
  in the long run they 'll spread the message that being an asylum seeker is not that easy, 
   and of course it 'll all be declared germany 's fault . 
  because it is . 
  yeah , this also stuck out to me , though we do n't know if they are guilty for sure , i think it 's still shocking that someone can get away with alleged rape by paying the victim . 
  gorgeous anthem , imo the best in the world, 
  there are plenty of poorly paid/unemployed spanish engineers though, 
   proof is the unemployment rate . 
  how come ? 
  is the unemployment rate for engineers above its natural arte of unemployment ? 
  or are you one of those people that think that a scarcity of workers and an unemployment rate above zero are not compatible ? 
  you 're making it seem like it 's some sort of epidemic of tourist bus hijackings when in reality it 's a couple of muggings of regular buses and a mugging of a tourist bus , but whatever , if you 're scared of mexico do n't come here you wo n't be missed, 
  i 've wondered the same thing for latin americans : there 's been lots of intervention by europe and the us in our countries , we have big migrant populations in spain and the us , so why are n't we seeing latin terrorist organisations attacking the us or spain ? 
  all of them brown people are mexicans, 
  that seems very reasonable . 
   pacific solution . 
  i think that this is one of the more-viable options , as it provides all of the factors that one wants ( barring , perhaps , the desire to increase the wealth of the people involved , and the fact that it is not free ) : it keeps people truly fleeing for their life safe in the short term , eliminates the economic pull factor , and does n't violate the refugee convention . 
  there would be a question of scale -- the crisis is growing and a pacific solution becomes more-expensive the larger the numbers involved . 
  this also has the merit of having been tested in the real world and having been shown to actually work . 
  what exactly is the pacific solution ? 
  mate only people from xix\u00f3n say that it 's pretty , you can ask my friends from uvi\u00e9u if you do n't believe me , 
  the northern spanish coast is extremely overlooked . 
  eeverything from galicia to the basque country is gorgeous . 
  and they 're so cheap too !, 
  i had a corbata and a coffee for like 3 euros or less when travelling to pamplona ( from asturias ), 
  he kind of looks like the guy from fifty shades of gray, 
  that was the joke , friendo . 
  assyluym application centers in turkey , jordan and lebanon with a set maximum quota of refugees ( dependent on how many refugees member states are willing to take , rather than imposing quotas ) , thorough background checks , and preference for vulnerable groups ( children , ethnic and religious minorities , etc ) . 
  by opening the gates of germany to people crossing its borders people are being incentivised to risk their lives crossing the sea , moreover you have much less control of who actually is trying to get in and you 're ignoring vulnerable groups that may not have the means to make the trip . 
  this report is about perception of corruption , though there 's obviously a relation with actual corruption it can also mean that you have both a corrupt country and enough freedom to notice that it 's corrupt , for example : mexico is a pretty corrupt country but the government is very openly criticised on mainstream media which means that there 's more exposure , on the other hand i doubt that such criticism can be made in places like russia or turkey,
