  central spain is very empty and full of farmland, 
  i 'm well aware that london is a multicultural place , i also would be surprised if average londoner spoke a second language at a decent level . 
   monaco claims to be an international place - and in some ways it is , but do n't expect anyones english to be up to par . 
  this is very rich coming from londoner ... or do people in london tend to speak a second language at a high level ? 
   belgium does n't belgium have even higher taxes than france ? 
   asylum seekers that are being processed are n't allowed to work because it would completely fuck the job market for the native residents . 
  what was the effect on finnish unemployment after the accession into the eu of poorer members like romania or bulgaria ? 
  catalonia has a christmas tradition in which you beat a log until it shits out candy , looks pretty neat, 
   its only 4.6 % decline that 's a huge decline m8, 
  the level of maths in mexico is embarrassing , we 're ranked last in the oecd, 
  did previous years not have a summer ? 
   my personal opinion has always been thet either we make paris a historic capital and a tourist spot and move the real capital to the east yeah , you guys could move it to la d\u00e9fense and have all the neat skyscrapers there while keeping paris itself pretty, 
  no , the head of state is felipe vi , whom you did n't vote for . 
  the head of government is rajoy , whom you dod n't elect directly as he was voted by the parliament after the pp won the elections . 
   i would concede it if people decided that the structural part to change is the part of employers . 
  so you would only concede that spain has a high structural unemployment if the explanation for that high unemployment aligns with your political bisases ? 
  whether the fault lies with employers or employees is irrelevant to the question of whether spain has a high structural unemployment or not . 
  no , spain had a pretty high rate of unemployment even before the crisis ( higher than 10 % which is too much for a country even in a recession ) . 
  banks actually took a debt haircut , moreover , greece has always been free to dfault on all of its loans , though that does n't mean that it 's free from the consequences of defaulting on them . 
  never underestimate a spaniard 's love for bitching about his country . 
  did previous years not have a summer or what ? 
   also , university graduates like myself are now working for 300 $ / mo with no vacation/benefits/job security what kind of shit degree did you get ? 
  i was getting 400 a month as an intern working 5 hours a day before i got my degree, 
  spain is a melting pot , there are many different culltures and nationalities within spain, 
  has n't the uk shown with the scottish referendum that it 's willing to respect the democratic desires of independentist groups ? 
  what are these idiots trying to achieve with this ? 
  i think that they plan on using it as a cargo airport which actually makes sense, 
   in spanish experience de-regulating the spanish retail sector has destroyed employment because the bigger companies taking over have scale economies that allow to distribute and sell more with less people . 
   that is not bad . 
  there is nothing superior in low productivity hard work in retail . 
  but let 's not talk like automation in farming increased employment in farming even if it was good for the society . 
  doing things more efficiently does not destroy jobs , you should give this article a thorough reading : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lump_of_labour_fallacy, 
   the whole point of keynsianism is to spend through a recession . 
  just a minor correction for non-economists : this is only the case if the recession is caused by a demand shock ; if we 're talking about a supply shock then giovernment spending will be ineffective or even harmful, 
  we 're just that cool . 
  highly subsidized higher education : in mexico it 's very rare for poor people to be able to go to university and so the subsidy ends up going towards the middle and upper classes . 
  yes , economists and statisticians are idiots that do n't know the effects of seasons on unemployment numbers , good luck we have people like you that can think outside the box !, 
   many believe the only solution would be subside the companies i think that the best would be to train these people in skilled trades, 
  castilian is spanish !, 
  i would n't say that there 's a dominant dialect of spanish , you either speak your own reginal dialect of it ( andaluz , extreme\u00f1o , etc ) or you speak your regional language ( catalan , euskera , etc ) . 
  what do you call the stalling productivity of spanish labour during the bubble years ? 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/productivity while at the same time having rising labour costs ? 
  why not go to ireland or the uk then ? 
  why not go somewhere else in europe ? 
   a sample size of 322 for a population does not make a reliable conclusion . 
  i 'm wondering , what do you know about statistical analysis and sampling that lead you to that conclusion ? 
  from my statistics classes i remember that you could use surprisingly small samples and still get meaningful results , provided that the sample was truly random . 
  how is your rent so low ? 
  do you share a flat ? 
  meh i 've talked and joked about those subjects many times and it was n't a big deal, 
  this statistic is misleading , temporary contracts will be overstated because by their nature they are signed several times a year , on the other hand , permanent contracts are signed every few years if you switch employers . 
  for example : imagine an economy with 10 workers , 9 of them employed in permanent contracts and 1 that 's employed in temporary contracts that are renewed every 6 months . 
  in the first year when they are all hired 9 permanent and 2 temporary contracts will be signed , that is 2/11 = 18 % of the contracts will be temporary , even though only 10 % of the employed population is working under one of those . 
  a better figure to use would be the `` share of temporary employment '' as it would give you the rate of workers under temporary contracts in relation to all employed people, 
   the money is n't removed forever exactly - it goes to a foreign exchange market where it 's swapped for other currencies and ends up in the hands of someone who wants euros to spend or invest in the eurozone . 
  if there are n't enough such people then it 'll push the exchange rate down . 
  so you may get it back in exports . 
  yes , exactly , people do n't seem to understand that money is not wealth , when money is sent abroad in remittances no wealth is being destroyed . 
  money is simply an i.o.u. , and in this case it will eventually be used to purchase eurozone goods . 
  depends on your definition of city , if you mean by municipality then sure , but that 's only if you want to be pedantic for the sake of winning an internet argument, 
   almost every spanish family has had some members who migrated to latin america after the civil war . 
  yeah , in asturias a ton of people i meet have a mexican or argentinian cousin . 
  the reason it became a meme is because argentinians on the internet ( and white latin americans in general ) really like to remind people of their whiteness , and so telling them that they 're black is a way of pissing them off . 
  mexico city is the third biggest city in the world , the first two are tokyo and seoul . 
  have you actually been to mexico or are you just speaking out of your ass ? 
  have n't there been also accusations regarding the us like the awarding of the 2016 copa am\u00e9rica ? 
  of course , i 've met plenty of basque and catalan unionists , still , this video from the stands makes it seem that it was n't even a mojority who were whistling, 
  and that 's completely irrelevant to any argument i 've made in this discussion chain , read my original comment, 
   yet they are okay with the cup being named afte the king and formerly after the dictator . 
  well it 's their cup , their league and their federation , they can call it and politcise it if they want . 
  my point is that unlike real life , you can actually secede from the spanish federation if you do n't like the anthem nor the king , if you were being forced to listen to the spanish anthem at school or at home then i would understand the whistling , but doing it at an event that you are willingly attending is childish and petty imo . 
   we have a historical economic deficit with spain in which we yearly send 16.000 m $ the deficit argument always stroke me as silly , do you also complain when rich people pay more into the system than the poor ? 
  i understand being upset at not being able to secede from spain ( i support catalonia 's right to self determination ) , but when it comes to football i think you people ar being childish since you can always secede from the rfef if you do n't like the political connotations . 
  it 's interesting to hear that there are also people applauding ( and that guy with the espa\u00f1a scarf ), 
  jesus man , my food budget is like 100 euros a month in spain ( granted , i 'm pretty frugal ) , do you eat specially well ? 
  do you believe that you can eat on 30 euros a week in switzerland ? 
   of course because france is such a non-centralized state that care about its regional languages ... this is something i 've always found odd about basque and catalan nationalists , their languages are probably more opressed in france than they are in spain , yet most of their displeasure is directed towards spain, 
   go ahead , bring on all the denial down votes you can muster . 
  oh how brave of you !, 
  hey it 's great for those of us that are learning french, 
  if you do n't like foreign companies selling in bulgaria then leave the eu , forgo european citizenship , and enjoy your no doubt well remunerated bulgarian jobs . 
   maybe put an rfid-chip or and ear-tag or something on them so they can be more easily identified if they try to come back again . 
  you 're mentally ill, 
   but if it were n't so risque and taboo it would not be something she could have been blackmailed with . 
  maybe , but changing social attitudes is n't the job of the bank, 
   fuck armenia greece france !, 
  from azerbaijan turkey kazakhstan , uzbekistan , kyrguistan , mongolia , colombia  lol , fucking colombians most hated minority in the balkans, 
  you can buy tabasco sauce and jalape\u00f1os at the supermarket though, 
  mexican in spain : food : spanish food is nice and all , but spaniards seem to be scared of anything being spicy , i need salsa damnit !, 
  weather : i live in northern spain and the weather is perpetually gloomy , central mexico has dry , sunny and mild winters ( think 20 degrees at midday and not a cloud in sight ) while here it 's cold and rainy apart from that i do n't miss much, 
   why are n't they releasing the names of the pilots ? 
  to avoid witch hunts ? 
  to respect the privacy of their families ? 
  the right question should be : why should they release their names in the first place ? 
  i wonder how the hell that map was made , where did they get the data from ? 
  yeah the portion size in asturias is huge , i can barely finish everything i 'm served when eating a men\u00fa del d\u00eda, 
  [ house of cards season 4 spoiler ] ( https://huh , what happened in house of cards with claire seemed too far fetched to me , apparently it was n't that dumb ), 
  they 're not bringing their best , they 're bringing crime , they 're bringing guns they 're mass shooters , and some i assume are good people . 
  check this chart : http://reason.com/blog/2014/11/20/legal-immigration-explained your argumento so far has been : it 's wrong because the rules say it 's wrong . 
  do you have this same rigidity in regards to other rules ?
