  jesu christ , venezuela has almost three times the murder rate that mexico does according to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate, 
  are you really comparing modern day muslims with medieval europeans ? 
  do n't you think it 's condescending and insulting to set the bar so low for islam ? 
  lol butthurt, 
   i will never understand those that claim to be left-leaning but completely refuse to be part of a common project putting the argument of `` too much solidarity '' or even `` stealing us '' ( when it 's not ) ... that 's not socialist/left-leaning at all . 
  me neither , it 's always puzzled me how some erc voters believe that rich catalonians should show solidarity to poor catalonians but not poor andalusians . 
  it 's also possible that erc voters disillussioned with jxs\u00ed will now vote for the cup, 
   so jxs\u00ed could have formed a government if they were willing to ditch m\u00e1s but just goes to show when it really matters that him staying in power was more important than any idea they professed . 
  precisely what i thought , jxs\u00ed could have formed a goernment if someone from the left like romeva or junqueras had been proposed . 
   still wont stop eastern europeans in nato countries as far as poland crying about how russia will try to take them over any day now to rally something or other . 
  you really think it 's unreasonable for former soviet-block countries to be worried about russia after the georgian war and now the ukraine conflict ? 
  honestly i think it 's because france is spelled the same way in english and french , thus not dividing the subreddit . 
  there are many many more refugees in turkey , lebanon and jordan than in europe , those are probably genuine refugees while the ones in germany are economic migrants, 
  i remember being 30 min late to a party at some german friends ' appartment , i was dumbfounded as to why they gave me so much shit for that, 
  bbva does it on certain big branches , you take out a ticket from a machine and go to your assigned teller after your number appears on a screen, 
   heh , yeah , anyway same here . 
  a religious marriage is `` invalid '' as far as the state is concerned . 
  would-be grooms and brides have to go sign papers at the town hall , with witnesses , and they have to indulge in a sort of republican ceremony , if they want their marriage to be legally recognized by the state . 
  religious people thus do the religious ceremony in addition to the `` republican '' one . 
  same goes for mexico , people usually have two weddings ( civil and religious one ) with the first one being a smaller more private affair and the second one being the big one . 
  not in my experience , towns in mexico have an orderly grid-like layout , towns in spain have messy medieval streets, 
  yep , my mother 's votes arrived on the last day of the deadline for sending them , thankfully we were able to send them in that same day, 
  what rights do catalans lack that other spaniards have ? 
  1 equal opportunities 2 rule of law 3 freedom of speech , press and religion, 
  schipol is pretty efficient , but pretty boring looking imo, 
   1st what has `` regionalism '' to do with municipalities ? 
  i associate it with the spanish mentality of extreme jingoism for one 's town/municipality/concejo / province , etc. 
  from what i saw when i lived in your country , people there have some absolutely retarded rivalries with their nearest town over and i believe that translates into everyone wanting to be special little snowflakes with their own little municipality ( edit : and reagion , autonomous community , etc ) with their own deputies ( after all , how can they share deputies with the evil people from the town next to them ! ), 
  can you imagine the bitching if some municipalities were fusioned ? 
   it 's a problem in ( very ) small constituencies , like the ones we have in spain though . 
  i think your silly regionalisms are to blame for this though , spain has a stupid amount of municipalities, 
  why should it ? 
  colombia was a part of spain when that ship wrecked, 
   the same goes for asturias there is a tiny communist independentist party in asturias, 
  singapore , switzerland , japan , canada , new zealand , etc, 
  exactly !, 
  forme , expecting people t pass an a1 test is not `` quite strict '', 
  seems pretty reasonable , one of my brothers marrid a german woman and could pass the a1 test after like 3 months there, 
  i lived in oviedo until two months ago , maybe things are different there ? 
  i never saw a single supermarket open on a sunday, 
  oh god this ! , everything is dead in spain on a sunday while in mexico sunday is probably the busiest shopping day, 
  hey !, 
  i lived in spain for almost five years and the people were pretty friendly ( except for the basques whom i found pretty rude for the most part ) , do n't sell yourselves short !, 
  i agree , also , oriol junqueras will make anime real . 
  imo spain has some of the best transport infrastructure in the world, 
   the few that would be considered suitable would be singapore , because rich so then they are economic migrants after all ... 
  my residence/work permit took 4 months to be approved , it would have taken longer if i had n't had help from a friend of a friend that works at `` extranjeria '' that made the tramit faster . 
   no , there is a prestige attached according to ? 
  i 'm a native spanish speaker and i 've lived in both mexico and spain for years , i 've met countless other latinos , i 've been exposed to iberoamerican culture much more than you have , i 've never heard of iberian spanish being seen as prestigious . 
  i have the suspicion that because british english is seen as fancy in the aglo world you people assume that something similar happens in the hispanic world . 
   spain spanish remains standard though , and is the prestige dialect . 
  you are wrong on both accounts , the rae recognises several dialects as being standard and there 's no special prestige attached to iberian spanish . 
  amazing food , fantastic weather , friendly people , unique and diverse culture , and a terribly inefficient government ? 
  romania sounds nice , i should visit, 
  i think he was referring to the partition, 
  not sure if you 're not sure what he 's talking about ... he means northern ireland, 
  wut , those are mexican wages !, 
  ugh , 3d graphs are so stupid , they add nothing to the graph while actually making it harder to compare, 
  i know that you want to be outraged and all that , but those are pretty much the same standards applied in europe for naturalisation . 
  the funniest thing i 've seen is that most of the hostility is coming from countries where immigrants and refugees do n't actually want to go !, 
  refugees in hungary are there because they want to go west , not because they want to live in hungary, 
  yeah that was my impression , i just was n't sure because i don ' live there, 
  this is the mean gdp , so it does n't take into account inequality of distribution , a better indicator of welfare would be either the median gdp or the inequality adjusted hdi . 
  no , he was brutal even by standards of the time . 
  he was removed as governor of hispaniola and imprisoned because of his poor treatment of natives and generally tyranical behaviour . 
  meh , i 'm descended from spaniards so it was probably my ancestors doing the genociding rather than yours . 
  i do n't get why people want so much about claiming to be the country of origin of columbus , he was a genocidal piece of shit . 
  meh barcelona , and all large cities in spain seem perfectly liveable without cars . 
  maybe they 're counting it as part of denmark . 
  when i tried activating closed captions it auto-detected it as portuguese , i guess i 'm not the only one that thinks that european portuguese sounds like russian . 
  yes like that one time obama got ron paul jailed , or when the tea party protesters were brutally repressed, 
   having an international or international-sounding first name coupled with a traditional surname can be seen as `` low class '' yes this seems universal , brians and johnathans are seen are mocked in mexico, 
   if catalonia gains independence after today 's vote , it will prove that itself is a failed state . 
  in order for catalonia to gain independence they would need to reform the spanish constitution first , this vote wo n't make catalonia independent, 
  i disagree with him , but he is contributing to the discussion and is n't being rude or anything , no point in downvoting him tbh, 
   they 're not proposing , of course , but how will they afford the spending then ? 
  you can finance a stimulus in several ways , debt , printing money , selling of government assets , foreign aid , etc  they either tax people or they cut spending elsewhere or they print money - considering we ca n't print money ( and even if we could , that would lead to inflation ) inflation is pretty damn low in the eu : http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/2-15112012-bp/en/2-15112012-bp-en.pdf, 
  a monetary and fiscal stimulus like every other country that is actually growing did, 
  well , at least in the spanish case ( i 'm not familiar with the other cases ) the government had pretty low debt relative to gdp before the crisis , over leveraged private investors in the housing bubble caused it here . 
   the state needs to increase taxes so it can afford more spending and so we can finally break the economic cycle and experiment permanent expansion '' people that are rallying against austerity are n't proposing tax increases ( do you even know what a fiscal stimulus is ? ), 
   austerity does reduce growth , but it also reduces the deficit ( which is happening quite quickly for portugal ) which in turn eventually reduces debt . 
  not quite , austerity reduces consumption , reduced consumption reduces revenues , reduced revenues reduce government revenues , ** if government revenues decrease at a higher rate than the deficit then austerity is increasing the deficit ** this graph shows the fiscal deficit in greece is actually increasing , despite austerity : http://static5.businessinsider.com/~~/f?id=4b22522f00000000006477cf&amp;maxx=266&amp;maxy=310 from this link : http://www.businessinsider.com/greek-tragedy-debt-deficits-and-default-2009-12, 
  are there that many egyptians in europe ? 
  where 's the viviane redding for fat old aspiring porn actors ? 
  where ? 
  you 're the one throwing around terms that you do n't understand like `` market demand '' and taking them to mean `` women want to work in board positions '' ... 
   what i meant is that there is a great demand on behalf of women to get into board level positions well plenty of people want to work in the board of companies making lots of money , does that mean that they 're both qualified and willing to put in the sacrifices needed to get there ? 
  so you 're saying that private businesses , whose sole reason to exist is to make a profit , are consciously ignoring what the market demands ? 
  i see the video and i changed my mind , the kid was definitely doing nothing , but the kid getting hit seems accidental . 
  the policeman was definitely in the wrong if we take in account your edit . 
   the difference is there is serious demand for women to get board positions , i do n't understand what you 're trying to say here , market demand ? 
  political demand ? 
  can we get quotas for men in cushy administrative jobs ? 
  how about daycare centers ? 
  or schools ? 
  or any other area where women are overrepresented ? 
  well at least inn the spanish case excessive spending did n't come from the government , but from the private sector speculating on a bubble with credit provided by german banks , so not really as simple as saying `` lazy southerners stop complaining '', 
  ehh i would be skeptical f those numbers , while there are certainly losses from missing days of work people tend to make up for it when they do work, 
  this is such a non-sequitur it 's making my brain spin, 
  there was no school at ny level today in spain,
