taxi drivers are infamous for being scamming assholes in bucharest . 
  they are scamming assholes pretty much everywhere in the world , that 's what having an artificially limited supply does to you . 
   serious question , why do they come to spain if there is no job there for them ? 
  they can work under the table and at least make more money than back home , e.g. 
  by selling stuff in the street  and another one , knowing that crossing the border is ilegal , why do they keep illegally coming to europe ? 
  it is because it is very difficult to immigrate to an eu country legally or what ? 
  it is indeed pretty difficult for poor and unskilled people . 
  it 's very very easy to say that when you live in a rich country and lead a comfortable lifestyle ( at least by world standards ) . 
   while a group of rich people just keep playing golf turning their backs to the situation . 
  i do n't get what you expect them to do , stop playing golf and do what then ? 
  he offered to solve `` problems '' in exchange of bribes iirc, 
  how about japanese , taiwanese , singaporeans , south koreans , etc ? 
  or how about highly qualified people from other countries ? 
  is 2014one of the worst years in aviation ? 
  this is like the third major plane crash this year, 
   found signs of the virus in around 25 % of dogs living in the affected area of the country . 
  yet none of the animals became symptomatic or died of the disease during the study period . 
  they do n't need to be symptomatic nor die due to the virus in order to infect others . 
  not necessarily , they will have to use alternative sources of fuel ( nuclear , coal , oil , etc ) , this will of course be very expensive and will have an impact on their economies , but they will not freeze during winter, 
  eat shit taxi drivers, 
  me too but not for sentimental reasons , i would just find it interesting to see what will happen with their currency , their eu membership , their relationship with the uk , etc, 
  varangian vikings raided russia , i do n't know if they formed a dynasty like the normans , though . 
  i suppose we should set a limit at the point where it stops being a viable state , where that is , i have no idea , but i do know that it 's silly to force millions of people of an area that can easily be an independent country to be part of your country against their wishes . 
  no idea , but i believe that they should have a right to decide too, 
  exactly , i see no reason why people have to bring up stuff like languages or culture when talking about independence , if a group of people do n't want to be governed by someone let them decide for themselves regardless of history or ethnicity . 
  man , the whole `` spain steals from us '' argument really annoys me , unless you have some sort of regressive system where the poorest pay the most taxes then in any country in the world there will be regions and individuals that pay more into the system than they get , i wonder if the catalan independentists , specially left wing types , that claim that spain steals from them would be willling to support a system where rich people paid less taxes than poor people `` because it 's unfair that some people pay more into the system than what they get '' . 
  not really , la liga is a private entity and they can choose whoever they want to play in their league . 
   pay about 22 % of the taxes and get 14 % of the government money fiscal balances are a tricky subject that can be easily manipulated depending on where your camp lies , let me give you an example : if a corporation has its headquarters in catalonia , and thus pays corporate taxes there , but has customers all over spain ( who are the ones who ultimately bear the cost of taxation ) then can you really claim that such tax burden is felt by catalans ? 
  another example , but this time on the expenditure side : let 's look at the ave high speed rail between madrid and barcelona , what percentage of the expenditure of that project can be considered expenditure in catalonia and what percentage can be considered an expenditure in the rest of spain ? 
  should we consider only the kms of rail that are built on catalonian soil to be an expenditure in favour of the catalans ? 
  i do n't think we should , since a train that only went from barcelona to the border with arag\u00f3n would be much less valuable than one that got all the way to madrid . 
  in conclusion , i do n't believe we can calculate things such as fiscal balances when we 're talking about economies that are so integrated and that if catalans want to argue for independence they should use more honest arguments , maybe about national identity , language or political system ( like wanting a republic instead of a monarchy ) . 
  it 's not , business insider just reposts content from other sources, 
  the quote in the article is badly translated , spanish and english are two of the most spoken languages in the world , why they could n't find someone who speaks both properly is astounding, 
  i had my biggest growth spurt froma ges 14-17 , this kid will be huge !, 
  he just needs to start eating and hitting the gym and he 'll be a beast, 
   because exactly what is someone 's `` own will '' is is a bit of a grey area . 
  this goes for pretty much any job  most do it because they have few other options same goes for any other shitty or dangerous job , should we ban street cleaners ? 
  should we ban oil rig workers ? 
   , and it is n't a coincidence that they universally have much higher rates of drug abuse and suicide than the general population . 
  a lot of homeless people pick up aluminium cans and sell them for recycling , we should ban picking up cans because it makes you homeless !, 
  people do porn voluntarily , people upload naked pictures of themselves to the internet voluntarily , people fuck complete strangers for free voluntarily , just because you would personally not do it it does n't mean that other people are as bothered by selling sex as you would, 
   selling prostitution tend to hurt the sellers . 
  why would selling prostitution , provided that the prostitutes are doing it out of their own will , hurt the seller ? 
  soros did n't break the bank of england , the idiotic idea of keeping a fixed exchange rate in europe did, 
  can i just rugby tackle people intotheground then ? 
  how does point scoring work ? 
  central mexico 's weather is perfect from fall to spring , the summer , especially in mexico city is nothing but rain and misery . 
  there are many places in mexico where 40 c is n't normal , namely mexico city, 
   irish public schools are you confusing the british and american uses of the term `` public school '' ? 
  i know that in the uk a public school is actually a privately managed school ( i imagine the same happens in ireland ) , while in the united states ( and i think most english speaking countries ) a public school is a state managed school . 
  what happens to the rest of their salary ? 
  do they give it away to charity ? 
  does the eu keep it in its budget ? 
  were n't they reasonably popular a few years ago ? 
  what happened ? 
   somalian city of djibouti djibouti is a country , or is there an actual city named like that in somalia ? 
  anyone has any idea why lithuania 's numbers are so different from latvia 's given that both countries have similar wealth and geography ? 
   in spain they are persecuted and refused to use their language - they are angry and try to use their language more . 
  in franco 's times sure , nowasays not at all , not even close . 
  moreover , as far as i know , the basque country and navarre have more independence than the french basque country does , and catalonia would have had they not rejected it when the constitution was written . 
  you do n't use gas for heating ? 
  i live in an apartment with ags heating now and it 's a lot cheaper than electricity heating, 
  as a mexican this is precisely how i feel about mexican-americans, 
  i usually only go out in oviedo , so that may be the reason, 
  in my experience it 's not standard at all , i very rarely see fights here and people are usually calm and friendly, 
  what 's up with asturias in spain ? 
  it 's a prett quiet place so i would have expected catalonia or madrid to ahve more homicides, 
  6 attempts , i blame the stans and south east asia, 
  damn those are some ballsy ukrainians , what are they saying ? 
   their economy has lost 9 percent of it 's entire value . 
  this is my issue with what you said , losing 9 % of your stock amrket value is n't the same as losing 9 % of your whole economy, 
   now , in an instant after the announcement of losing the g8 , their economy has lost 9 percent of it 's entire value . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  a decrease in the stock exchange is n't the same as a decrease in gdp . 
   kilo of wine do you seriously measure wine in kilos in romania ? 
   sniper shot just because she was shot by a sniper it does n't mean he sniper was using a high caliber rifle . 
  russia has the biggest nuclear arsenal in the world ... 
  what is it with soviets and grey buildings ? 
  could n't they at least paint those depressing commie blocks ? 
   only 1002 were asked , so i can not say how accurate it is . 
  that 's a pretty good sample size , and as far as i know will be pretty representative if the poll was designed correctly, 
  eta is n't just `` a political movement to fight that injustice '' , it 's a terrorist group that has murdered hundreds of civilians , there are plenty of legitimate independentist groups in the basque country and nobody goes to jail for supporting them . 
  ca n't you at least bother reading the article to understand the rationale behind the claim ? 
  did you just read the headline ? 
   a political movement to fight that injustice a movement that has fought that by killing civilians that have nothing to do with the government : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1987_hipercor_bombing, 
  this is what happens when a country with a good government finds oil , as opposed to countries like mexico or equatorial guinea . 
  i would like to see what happened before the beating , not saying that the guards are innocent , but it 's very easy to manipulate public opinion . 
  if you ahve the freedom to call your country fascist then you do n't live in a fascist country . 
  rajoy personally ordered these tourists to be beaten . 
  only in recent years have they been accused of being notoriously corrupt ( due to this specific case ) , before that i do n't think they had a reputation for corruption . 
  why has n't the police intervened ? 
  this is plain and simply hostage taking , the people doing this should go to jail . 
  anyone can look smart by arguing with himself , picture very related : http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/every+political+cartoon+webcomic+ever_e81c2e_4829498.png, 
  just a reminder for the people downvoting this comment : downvotes are n't `` disagree votes '' nor `` dislike votes '' , stop being mongoloids, 
  the far-anything has always been violent, 
   yes , devaluation is a great solution ( as argentinian example shows ) devaluing your currency to increase exports is a standard economic policy , argentina is a whole different beast, 
  people in spain eat those when watching football, 
  lol @ fascist liberalism, 
  of course , we need to subsidize farmers because there 's a huge demand for their products , if they were n't subsidized then that enormous demand would go unattended,
