  god the cap is such an idiotic policy, 
  i 'm not defending the us , but it 's pretty fucking hypocritical of this guy to seek refuge in russia , of all places . 
  someone with the catalan independentist flag identifying as a spaniard ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor educate yourself, 
   the nazis were all about mass extermination ( and enslavement in the case of slavs ) of races . 
  yes , because a fella named stalin never did such a thing ... 
  that 's nothing , i bought a small czech town with a half eaten kebab, 
   the salaries i 'd like to reduce are those of bankers . 
  how exactly does reducing bankers ' salaries help the economy ? 
  he is a poopyface, 
  and somehow you managed to find a way to feel superior to them all . 
  how many rich french have actually moved to russia ? 
  i only know of depardieu, 
  it would also be nice to see the opinions coming from people living in places where independence movements are big , for example : catalonia , basque country , etc, 
  well , they probably eat well, 
  i 'm not about about to read a 32 page paper to find proof for your proposition , find me a quote from keynes arguing in favor of minimum wages and i ' l eat my words . 
  where the hell did you get that from ? 
  i 'm searching the web and ca n't find anything that keynes ever said about minimum wages , keynesianism is n't synonimous with social democracy or leftism, 
  the fuck does keyens have to do with minimum wages ? 
  yeah i read le monde sice i 'm learning french and i 'm sick of reading about the `` mariage pour tous '' and frigitte barjot, 
  most countries in the world have a mixture of both , even the united states has things like medicaid , medicare and food stamps . 
  it 's a diamon dozen per say, 
  but that 's precisely the point he is making , immigrants are n't subjected to that type of abuse , / u/ninety6days said `` but when he takes the kind of abuse that immigrants take from his supporters he feels oppressed ? 
  '' , which is just retarded . 
  amazing , thank you . 
  a lot of people that are n't counted as being part of the labor force are discouraged workers , that is , people that have given up on looking for a job but would work if the unemployment rate were lower . 
  you 're actually right , the dm depreciated when it was converted into euros so your `` dm `` s were actually buying less products once the euro was introduced, 
  this is just wrong , british businesses that rely on exporting actually benefit from having a weak currency . 
   i never understood why some people are so sentimental about their own currency . 
  it 's not sentimentalism , there are many economical arguments as to why having a common european currency is a terrible idea . 
  he was definitely popular because of that , but a string of scandals involving his son in law have seriously tarnished the reputation of the royal family . 
  this is pretty big fucking news actually, 
  that 's why crop insurance , option contracts , stockpiles , etc exist . 
  my point is that as demand for agricultural products grows producers will acquire the knowledge necessary to meet such demand , this is what happens in pretty much every single area of the economy and the government does n't need mollycoddling industries . 
  increases in demand are gradual , people wo n't wake up one day wanting more food , as demand increases so will supply , agriculture does n't violate the laws of economics . 
   the world population is expected to rise by another 1.5 billion within the next 35 years , or about an increase of 20 % . 
  that 's a shitload of extra mouths to field , but in addition as poorer countries get more developed and start demanding more choice ( and the associated waste with that ) , it means a huge increase in the amount of food that needs to be produced globally . 
  this make absolutely zero sense , if demand for agricultural products increases then agricultural producerswill need less subsidies , not more . 
  i 've sen that trend too , but you 're only thinking about european countries , for example , mexico has very very few shoot outs of this type ( some nutcase going on a rampage as oppossed to crime related ones ) yet guns are not very hard to get . 
  do you have actual , hard statistics to prove that ? 
  just to be clear here , i 'm not a gun rights advocate ( nor am i against them , i 'm pretty much neutral ) , but i like seeing proper proof for people 's assertions . 
  does serbia also have more shootings of this type per capita than other countries ? 
  or what exactly is your point ? 
  yeah man we 're going to bring down the man ^ tm with our alternative music concert and interpretative dancing, 
  this was quite a swedish comment, 
  i was stopped randomly by the police when i went to london last year, 
  yes it is . 
  same in asturias , but then again , it 's like that all year long here, 
   if he was directly advocating violence i would understand , but banning him over a salute is too close to thought police . 
  well the greek football federation is a private entity ( i assume ) so i think it 's their prerrogative to ban whoever they please , just like a private company can ban you for using a nazi salute, 
  that 's pretty interesting , thank you . 
   regardless , it does n't matter why they do n't want to eat pork . 
  if they do n't want to eat pork they do n't have to . 
  vegetarians do n't eat pork either , and i do n't mind that . 
  why should this be any different ? 
  they are n't trying to force me to abstain from it . 
  it is however a serious problem that food manufacturers defraud the public like this . 
  if i want to buy chicken i should n't have to worry that what i 'm actually buying is intentionally mislabelled pork . 
  oh i absolutely agree with this . 
   trying to keep pork around in the desert in ancient times is a sure recipe for getting sick . 
  this sounds bizarre , christianity opriginated in the same place as judaism and islam , yet pork is n't forbidden , moreover the area covered by ancient israel is n't all desert , lebanon , palestine and israel have a temperate mediterranean climate and even get some snow every year . 
  arming them sounds like a bad idea , i do n't think we can determine who the `` good guys '' are , aid should be limited to humanitarian aid . 
  i think it 's astounding how this guy can be reading the exact same data that we are reading , data that says that portuguese ( and spanish and greek , etc ) public spending has gone down and still claim that austerity has n't been tried . 
  personally i came to europe to leech from your welfare , commit petty crime , put my smelly foreigner schlong in your frauleins , and the best part is that you are paying for it from your taxes , feels good man, 
  it 's funny how the biggest defenders of nazi germany are n't the germans themselves, 
   what about earning more as the leader of the opposition than as president ? 
  yes i do n't see how this matters , a party can choose to pay its members as much as it wants, 
  shut up sangria/tinto de verano / motxo are all great, 
  basque separatism rubs me the wrong way , they already have a lot of financial and legal independence , and historically speaking it 's been based more around race/ethnicity than freedom and values ( unlike catalonia ) . 
  add to that the racist origins of the pnv , the awkward relationship between eh bildu and eta 's terrorism and the `` imperialism '' in navarra ( hanging basque flags in the town hall , wanting to make basque co-official in all of navarra , etc ) and you have a movement that does n't provoke much sympathy from someone relatively neutral like me . 
  because independentist parties will declare independence regardless, 
  to be fair i have n't seen independentists make these sort of comments ( irl may be different , i 've never lived in catalonia ), 
   ( some catalan correct me if this is wrong ) not catalan , but i think they even said they wanted a 55 % of vote for it . 
  it will also be interesting to see what happens to artur mas since cup will not vote for him as president . 
  depends , in the north anything below 3 euros for a pint is a steal, 
  well they call them that in canarias and andalusia, 
  carioca refers to people from rio de janeiro , calling brazilians cariocas is like calling spaniards gallegos ( which we do in latin america ! ), 
  leon aragon and galicia are n't rich and the basques already have a lot of independence . 
   for instance greece should 've left the euro by now since the no won by an overwhelming majority . 
  however , the eu sat down and negotiated . 
  the `` no '' won but greece ended up accepting even harsher measures from the eu . 
  no , madrid , basque country and navarre are richer . 
   also , former spanish colonies might recognize them out of solidarity alone . 
  most latin american countries have pretty good relations with spain , i doubt many would unnecessarily piss off a friendly country . 
  maybe venezuela , ecuador , bolivia and argentina would since they are governed by politicians that are n't too sympathetic towards the spanish government . 
  haha well referenced friend !, 
  i 'm not surprised , in spain it 's extremely common , even for relatively big businesses , to ask for payment in cash in order to avoid paying vat, 
   the entire western economic and financial establishment is pro immigration . 
  it weakens unions . 
  it 's cheap labor . 
  or maybe they are in favor of it for ethical reasons ? 
  it 's pretty popular in the north right ? 
  bad example , his paternal ( hungarian side ) emmigarted to mexico , not the us, 
  an increase in prices is n't necessarily a housing bubble . 
  yes , these people decided to leave their friends , family and lives behind in their countries , cross the sea and risk drowning and pay money to mobsters in order to be smuggled inside an overcrowded truck all so that they could avoid filling out forms . 
  exactly !, 
  people that can pay into the social welfare system are exactly the kind of people that do n't need welfare in the first place . 
   they are running for financial reasons . 
  those monsters !, 
  castillay le\u00f3n , castilla-la mancha , extremadura , etc are pretty empty m80,
