not in tech , been against electronic voting from the start . 
  the dangers of using them should be obvious to anyone . 
  exactly this . 
  i just hope the rest of the world knows that is not true at all . 
  he was elected by pure accident by 27 % of eligible voters , and very few of those are the loudmouth asinine/insane bigot mental cases . 
  most people who voted for him are fairly decent old-school conservatives who do not like trump but absolutely never would vote for a clinton , and also would n't ever consider not exercising their right to vote . 
  so they felt they had to vote for him . 
  then you have the 47 % of eligible voters who did n't vote at all . 
  that 's largely apathy but i think a decent chunk of them were young bernie supporters who hate hillary for robbing him of the nomination and refused to vote for her out of principle , they heard on the news that hillary was definitely going to win , so they did n't think their non-vote would matter . 
  they 've well learned their lesson there . 
  and then you have the independents , as well as the bernie supporters who went independent and voted for green or libertarian . 
  we were not about to not vote , but could not in good conscience vote clinton or trump . 
  so this inadvertently contributed to trump winning . 
  but i 'm sorry ... 
  i could not and will not vote old-blood establishment , same-old-story tyranny . 
  sorry for the little rant , this shit just spills out of me at every opportunity . 
  trump is president by complete fluke and will probably be shot in the first year . 
  he had a chance to really shake this shit up and fix some things , but surprise , he 's blowing it . 
  i am trying to give him a chance , as of course i want my president to be awesome no matter who it is . 
  he could have been a pleasant surprise , but of course it 's largely more of the same . 
  edit : i really just intended to say , that small minority of bigoted assholes are a very loud and obnoxious bunch . 
  with ignorance comes diarrhea of the mouth . 
  they seem much more numerous than they are because the very large sane majority are n't raving lunatics on the internet . 
  yeah , bernie was condemned by the right as a socialist who would surely destroy america , it was pretty pathetic . 
  he was amazing , the best candidate we 've had in a long time ( obama was good in many ways but he seemed better at the start than he actually ended up being in reality . 
  but he was good . 
  obviously better than other options ! ) . 
  if bernie had gotten the democratic nomination , he would have won . 
  trump would not be our president , and we would actually be heading in the direction that , in many ways , we desperately need to keep heading in . 
  he was a bright light of hope , but hillary stole it from him . 
  robbed him . 
  so no one wanted to vote for her . . and that is why trump won . 
  only 1/4 of americans actually voted for trump . 
  we were told that hillary was all but guaranteed to win , 90 % chance , yada yada . . 
  so millions chose to not go vote against their conscience , and stayed home instead . 
  and therefore the unthinkable happened . 
  pretty sure they 've learned their lesson there , heh . 
  * cry * edit : clarity ( pronouns etc ) . 
  it 's really sad how the right in america has been completely brainwashed about what the `` left '' and liberal/progressives actually are . 
  watching fox news is a really weird experience , considering this whole `` fake news '' thing directed toward `` the liberal media . '', 
  fox invented fake news ( not really , but they certainly revolutionized it for the modern age in the us ) and has been lying and churning out pure , obvious propaganda and brainwashing longer than cnn or any others have . 
  what cnn has become , is a direct result of fox . 
  they used to be the very best and most prestigious . 
  now it 's all just shit , all of them . 
  but hey , they have a job to do . 
  a divided populace is much easier to control . 
  keep 'em hating each other , they wo n't come after the elites . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs and tends to get me worked up . 
  also , my german is rusty . . 
  does that say `` terrorism has nothing to do with religion '' or `` has no place in religion '' . . ? 
  something like that ? 
  edit : forgot a period, 
  it 's so . . disconcerting ? 
  scary ? 
  dumbfounding ? 
  i do n't really know what to call it . . how the right in america do n't realize how very right they are . 
  mainstream left is actually very moderate and not really that left , and people like me are seen as radical liberals . 
  it 's really sad how `` liberal '' has become a dirty word . 
  like an insult . 
  somehow there is nothing about being called progressive or liberal that is insulting to me in any way . 
  because they 're sane over there . 
  i am fuming over here . 
  this is happening everywhere , old growth forests being stolen and destroyed in illegal moves that somehow become legal ( has been for a really long time actually , but you 'd think we would have learned by now ) , it 's unacceptable and despicable . 
  that 's awful and i 'm sorry . 
  unfortunately every place on earth has its unfounded ( and founded ) stereotypes that everywhere else makes fun of them for . 
  it gets tiresome and unfunny extremely quickly . 
  for what it 's worth , i am in love with scandinavia and would rather have been born there or australia/new zealand than here . 
  when i was in grade school , we were assigned a project where we had to pick a european country to give a presentation on , and i jumped on sweden before anyone else could . 
  i still have the swedish flag i made for the assignment . 
  huh . 
  i 've just seen it directed towards `` them evil moslems . '', 
  i hope you understand that those people are in the minority , by far . 
  they 're just exceedingly vocal . 
  trump was elected by about 25 % of the voting-eligible population , and of those , most are n't loudmouth bigoted idiots . 
  like my parents , who are good , loving , non-racist , educated people who happen to live in arkansas , where the clintons are from , and would never vote for them . 
  the reason trump won is because hillary robbed bernie sanders of the democratic nomination . 
  if all the people who were excited for him and would have been racing to the polls to vote for him had gone on to vote for hillary , she 'd have won . 
  but they were understandably pissed and disillusioned . 
  plus they were told that hillary was a shoo-in for the win , so why should they vote for someone they disagree with , since the far worse option does n't stand a chance anyway ? 
  i do n't agree with their thinking obviously , i have always voted since i was of age . 
  but the young folks have learned their lesson on what happens when you do n't vote . 
  that 's really strange . . 
  i 've never heard anything about sweden being a `` hellhole '' and in fact i have a very favorable opinion of the place . 
  what 's this `` sweden-bashing meme '' that person is taking about ? 
  thank you for the info !, 
  i 'm glad it caught on like it did . 
  i hope they keep on coming !, 
  this is incredible , i 'm dying here !, 
  these are all hilarious . 
  how did this come about , where did it start ? 
  consider the poem engraved at the base of the statue of liberty , the first glimpse of their new home that new arrivals coming into ellis island would see ... 
  the lady lifting her lamp to guide their way . 
   `` give me your tired , your poor ,  your huddled masses yearning to breathe free ,  the wretched refuse of your teeming shore . 
   send these , the homeless , tempest-tossed to me ,  i lift my lamp beside the golden door ! '' i have always loved that , and been proud of my country 's welcoming of everyone . 
  in school we were taught that we were `` the great melting pot , '' all are gladly welcomed to come seek out a new life and chase the american dream as our forebears did . 
  her lamp is now extinguished . 
  yet another thing that made us what we were has been undermined and disregarded . 
  it is fucking tragic and makes me incredibly sad . 
  ( i am typically not at all the nationalist flag-waving type , but some things are really incredibly important ) .
