  british/irish . 
  the same swiss banks that hid the nazis gold for them ? 
  source ? 
  or are you just chatting shit ? 
  mad, 
  yes and we are trying to curb this immigration and take back control of our borders , hence the referendum . 
  of course . 
  but an independent scotland can not survive outside the eu and the uk . 
  they will also get a worse deal then what the uk already had , and they still do not meet the criteria for joining the eu as an independent nation . 
  sturgeon would have to implement austerity and tough cuts , after campaigning for years against it . 
  it would not be financially viable for scots , and i think that 's why indyref2 will fail . 
  no , it fucked up europe when it opened our borders to everyone and everybody . 
  i am personally all for skilled labour entering and remaining in this country . 
  did you see what happened to greece to save the banks ? 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  we 're talking about modern britain . 
  he said our society was sub level balkan . 
  we shall see , 
  we do democracy . 
  the eu is a method for the globalists to destroy nation states , flood the eu with an unlimited supply of cheap labour for the benefit of multinationals and big banks . 
  yes his country is completely different . 
  it has gone the complete other way . 
  it will doom europe all the same . 
  i am against the free movement of people . 
  i am for having access to the eu single market . 
  then maybe a fine english rose like theresa may shall bloom . 
  spain will veto scotland joining the eu before it is an independent country . 
  google it . 
  we do n't know what 's going to happen with trade yet until negotiations happen . 
  the eu sells more to the uk than vice versa , so it would be unwise for the eu to cut off its nose to spite its face and punish the uk . 
  they 've said that scotland has to be independent and reapply as a completely new member outside of the eu . 
  which is the worst possible outcome for the snp . 
  it basically dooms scottish independence from the uk at the get go . 
  the pound rises and falls all the time . 
  it 's actually rising again but it does n't matter . 
  i think the european markets are more telling . 
  and the state the italian and spanish banking sectors are now finding themselves in . 
  we left because of the direction the eu is heading and we want no part in that and we want be the last to leave . 
  i have no time for an elitist who think the common people are too stupid to know what 's good for them . 
  nothing has to be rushed . 
  i doubt the uk will break up now that the eu has snubbed scotland . 
  and the economy is already show signs of stability , indicating that they can weather the storm . 
  we do things differently here and i completely disagree with everything you have said . 
  you do n't need a degree in economics to see the eu for what it really is . 
  this would n't even have happened if it was n't for germany inviting africa and the middle east to come to europe , and then threatening other members for not taking their `` fair share '' . 
  your country is set on destroying europe for a third time , and it should be you who has to suffer the consequences . 
  [ #gunningforgove ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8fgtohbhls ), 
  you 'd be thinking wrong then . 
  or probably for none of the reasons you stated : ^ ), 
  the working class . 
  it 's an incredibly exciting time . 
  let 's hope something new arises from the ashes of these parties that ignored the will of the electorate for so long , that better represents the will of it 's people . 
  we shall see . 
  greece had no choice . 
  if you 're not happy with the status quo you must change it . 
  it 's a gamble , but the boot is on their neck . 
  the damage the euro has done to it 's southern members is irreparable . 
  i do n't think so . 
  their communities are changing rapidly . 
  their wages are stagnating . 
  more competition for jobs . 
  less housing . 
  rising house rents and house prices . 
  more strain on the nhs and schools . 
  they do n't need educating , they can see for themselves . 
  because he echoes their concerns . 
  probably best to not to assume if you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  nope , we existed before the eu , we 'll exist fine after it . 
  i 'm obviously talking about the debacle which is the euro . 
  exactly . 
  our media being shit and biased as usual . 
  oh no someone said something mean to me , we are literally worse than the genocidal balkans !, 
  lol riiiiight . 
  keep your euromoney . 
  i have a feeling you 're gon na need all the money you have propping up that failing experiment of yours . 
  judging by this subreddit , definitely the europeans . 
  can the eu survive a problem the size of italy ? 
  there is no doubt that the uk will leave the eu . 
  for the working class it was . 
  globalism and mass immigration has not treated them kindly and they voted in droves to try and change their lot . 
  he 's not even an mp , he has no power over anything . 
  calm down . 
  probably because those areas are full of immigrants ? 
  the uk is leaving the eu , not the eu forcing the uk out . 
  do n't get confused . 
  we are leaving . 
  and yet it has served us well for centuries , while many other european countries systems have fell to tyranny , dictatorship and fascism . 
  what other country lets it 's constituent parts vote on independence ? 
  our vote on the membership of the eu , and asking for the opinions of its people is a model of democracy that many european nations would do well to emulate . 
  do n't put words in our mouths . 
  there are idiots in every country . 
  do n't let them spoil your trip here . 
  still , we 've not been invaded for a thousand years . 
  i know what you 're trying to do and it 's pathetic . 
  rather a police state than an islamic one . 
  we 're comparing the holocaust to the boer war camps now ? 
  only on / r/europe lol, 
  the british people can see the flaws of the eu for themselves . 
  it does n't need russia to point them out for us . 
  not really .
