  i do n't think covering your face is nearly as offensive . 
  then the government should do everything in their power to help these people . 
  telling people what to wear is not the way forward . 
  it 's a cultural norm to walk around naked ? 
  i live in the uk , and thank god that 's not a cultural norm here * shudders * . 
  i think there is a difference between the choice to wear what you want and nothing at all . 
  being naked is different , and i do not think it 's comparable . 
  do we now ban people who drive through public places with helmets on , or hoods , or big hats ? 
  they all cover the face too . 
  banning it just seems like a very backwards way of trying to solve the `` problem '' . 
  we should not be telling people what they can and can not wear . 
  you should have the freedom to wear whatever you want . 
  oh you 're just retarded then . 
  you 're acting like a 12 year old . 
  embarrassing . 
  says the former fatty lol, 
  do you know the difference between england and the uk ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're doing it on purpose or just being ignorant . 
  then americans  everyone . 
  hows about the federation of amazing and great societies ? 
  canada , australia and new zealand are some of the best countries in the world to be a citizen of . 
  your country would do well to follow their example . 
  since when does being german  romanian ? 
  pathetic . 
  in the age of surveillance you should always assume someone is trying to listen . 
  ah , then that would make sense . 
  is this the man the eu are interested in replacing ashton with ? 
  i 'm not sure we should be giving this man the job if he 's this incompetent . 
  he could easily embarrass the eu as much as he has the polish government these past few days . 
  but it makes no sense that ireland can rank number 1 in equality even though it does not allow abortion or gay marriage to its citizens . 
  ca n't say i agree with this list , it ranks the uk # 1 for science and technology and i 'm sure the government has decreased funding for that sector . 
  unless you 're gay or want an abortion . 
  how can ireland be ranked 1 in equality ? 
  i do n't think cameron is doing this so that posh white english kids can circle jerk over how great being english is , but rather to try and combat religious extremism among working class muslim kids . 
  yes , but their countries had been invaded . 
  what 's usually meant by the `` britain stood alone '' remark is that she and her colonies were the only ones left who had not been subjugated . 
  i think he meant the british empire . 
  **stop.com menting.then . 
  ** lol, 
  as the 2nd highest contributor towards the eu it is safe to say that the uk is more about give then take . 
  as i said below , i expect higher quality posts from mods . 
  learn to read . 
  well mods should n't shitpost imo . 
  how the fuck are you a mod ? 
  you 're an out , a small out , and you 're new . 
  we do n't want to hear from you . 
  you guys really ca n't let that go can you ? 
  the uk is one of the most tolerant and welcoming countries in the world for immigrants , no matter how much people on here try to paint it otherwise . 
  the us has a stronger army then russia . 
   ( `` napoleon was n't french '' , `` in ww1 you would have lost if you did n't have allies '' . . etc. . . ) france has been instrumental in nearly every major war in europe since ... france has been france and without the [ entente cordiale ] ( http://ww1daily.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/entente-cordiale.jpg ) we would be living in very dark times . 
  just ignore the idiots . 
  a million brits died with the french in wwi . 
  france was not alone and to belittle and dismiss their sacrifice is quite insulting . 
  well it was french led . 
  it was hardly the uk 's fault that france fucked up the defence of their own country and capitulated so fast . 
  luckily the brits never surrendered and returned five years later to liberate you . 
  you said the uk did n't defeat france . 
  which is wrong . 
  they were in a coalition , yes , but they still defeated them . 
  to say otherwise is false . 
  i know what you meant . 
  it goes both ways . 
  then why do you all read and consume it ? 
  it 's because your own is just as shit or worse . 
   you did n't exactly defeat him actually . 
  that 's a point that most brit seem to conveniently forget . 
  [ i think most brits know that the uk defeated napoleon . . napoleon * was * defeated by the uk , you ca n't really dispute that fact . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napoleonic_wars ), 
  as did the uk , usa , france , poland , canada , australia , yugoslavia , greece , india , new zealand , norway , and czechoslovakia . 
  let 's not pretend it was only the soviets , and let 's not forget those that struggled under their boot immediately after the war . 
  and most comments in that thread were sceptical even though there was data to suggest it was true . 
  also it did n't reach the top of the subreddit , it moved off the page quite quickly . 
  this has 328 upvotes at my time of writing , a year old article that shows nothing . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  why do we need to split them into ethnic groups ? 
  they are still americans . 
  not everything is about ukip , try to keep on topic . 
  i 'm also in favour of the uk staying in the eu , so carry on parroting your ignorant stereotypes . 
  the article is a year old and is now top of this subreddit . 
  anyway , you have a circle jerk to get back to . 
  germanic does not mean german ... 
  finding year old articles to start an anti-uk circle jerk ? 
  this sub is ridiculous . 
  a post today showing that the uk has the 2nd best educated citizens in the eu has half the up votes and comments of this irrelevant post , and if the uk population is apparently this deluded i 'm frightened to think how deluded the people of other european countries are . 
  it would be weird to split the uk up . 
  what are they singing about ? 
  the germans are either complicit or us puppets . 
  i 'm not sure which is worse . 
  i guess in terms of how arrogant and how they perceive themselves to be the best . 
  they do seem to be very charitable , but then you could argue that historically when the shit hits the fan they tend to remain neutral and self preservative . 
  per capita . 
  i forgot to mention that scandinavians tend to repeat this word a lot too . 
   i question your knowledge of literature , drama , painting , music , modern music , tv and cinema of course you do , reacting badly to criticism whilst being smug and condescending is a very scandinavian thing to do . 
  i think they are a very proud and egotistical people . 
  their citizens enjoy some of the best living conditions in the world ( gdp per capital , hdi etc ) and i think this gives them a misplaced sense of superiority , and an adverse reaction to criticism on themselves or about their countries . 
  they are very patriotic , although they will usually deny this , and i think they are usually cold and dismissive to strangers . 
  i do n't find their culture interesting , their contributions to the arts , and science are hardly worth mentioning and they have n't been historically relevant in any field really since the vikings were around , although this is probably due to their small populations . 
  i find them rather boring , and i 'd rather live in countries like france , italy , uk , germany and spain . 
  i think their food is bad and their languages are rather horrible to listen to ( except finnish ) . 
  but for all their faults they do run the best countries for the average citizen in the world so i guess their arrogance is not entirely misplaced .
