favourable . 
  a mini uk . 
  they 're most like us compared to any people/country on the planet . 
  a lot of people refer to the uk and ireland as the british isles , so maybe that 's where some of the confusion has come from , also our cultures are very similar . 
  i think the 100 greatest britons thing is just people we wish were british , or genuinely did n't know were irish , i doubt the average uk citizen is doing it on purpose and plotting for the resubmission of ireland into the british empire . 
  no one is alive today when the break up happened , so the average citizen really could n't give a shit about it , i assure you . 
  it 's british-irish . 
  i should have mentioned it in a bracket besides it , i apologise my insecure irish friend , but i simply did n't have the time . 
  my favourite : [ 28 days later ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0289043/ ) runners up : [ in bruges ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0780536/ ) [ sunshine ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0448134/ ) [ v for vendetta ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0434409/ ), 
  his objective as a politician was to gain scotland it 's independence . 
  scotland has decided to remain part of the united kingdom and so a new first minister for scotland should be picked with the aim to repair the divisions in scotland where the vindictiveness and personal attacks from both the yes and no campaigns have caused conflict . 
  scotland should have it 's needs met , and have a government in place to work with the rest of the uk on rebuilding the relationship between the remaining member states that may have been damaged due to perceived insults or unanswered questions . 
  of course , an eu superstate would have to compete against the likes of china , india and the us and so not thinking in these terms would be naive and we 'd likely be taken advantage of . 
  luckily our politicians are just as conniving as the rest of them . 
  i 'd just like to make clear that i think a federal eu is extremely likely but not within the next 15 years . 
  people still need more time to find their european identity and people still hold silly grudges against other nations for it to be successful at the moment . 
  and when the eu does become a superstate and super power i want it to exert it 's influence in a non aggressive manner , with the use of its military for defence only . 
  if we were playing a civ game i 'd like us to win the cultural victory , expanding due to countries wanting to join us for the shared cultural values we hold and for us to be a shining beacon of civilisation that the rest of the world wants to emulate . 
  we can see the beginnings of this now with ukraine fighting to free themselves of the smothering grip of it 's bully neighbour russia . 
  we should give ukraine all the help it needs short of actual troops on the ground , and work to reassure russia that the expansion of the eu is not a threat against it and that one day they could become members themselves . 
  that 's rather optimistic though . 
  i think trying to make the eu into a superpower to challenge china and the us is the wrong way to be thinking about it . 
  we do not want to bring the eu together with the purpose to subjugate others and `` dominate trade '' . 
  we bring the eu together for peace and prosperity with the eventual mindset of bringing the entire world closer together . 
  agreed . 
  no offence meant . 
  he 's not unpopular there though . 
  so you would be up for the independence of say brittany or bavaria if they were to call for it ? 
  now that scotland has answered it 's only fitting he step down . 
  someone needs to reunite scotland and heal the wounds this referendum has created and work for the betterment of scotland and the rest of the uk . 
  they seem to worship him over on / r/scotland . 
  could you explain what made you think this ? 
  it has made me think the opposite . 
  a federal eu may not be on the cards in the foreseeable future , but i think that the scottish debate has brought up arguments for the continued membership of the uk in the eu . 
  i 'd agree that you could say that further devolved powers in scotland may strike a point with british voters to have this mirrored with brussels and westminster in the short term , but in the long term the idea of `` better together '' makes a case for the continued integration and eventual federalisation of the eu . 
  at least in my mind . 
  of course , and so the further fragmentation of nation states is unnecessary . 
  i do not think that labour can win with ed milliband at the helm . 
  he comes across as weak . 
  it looks likely that we 'll have a con/lib again , but i think that the uk will vote to stay in eu as scotland did with the union . 
  the polls are quite close between pro-eu and anti-eu in this country atm , and i think once the debates leading up to the referendum happen and the facts are out in the open then the uk would swing to staying within the eu . 
  not a federal eu though , that should come slowly , with gradual change . 
  nope , i believe in the gradual unification of all nations in europe . 
  of course , but i think that 's because being older usually means being wiser and so sudden change is a risk while gradual change is safer . 
  thinking long term means that you would be more careful , and not like sudden change . 
  no , the old think long term , because they think of their children and how it would affect them . 
  why do you want to further fragment european states ? 
  surely you should be leaning towards a more unified eu ? 
  in 20 years there is not as much oil , and the uk is part of a european superstate . 
  this was the best chance for an independent scotland . 
  the question has been answered for a generation . 
  also it was 43 % . 
  he was implying that you were a muslim . 
  it 's a running joke on some of the boards on 4chan that the uk is a muslim country full of muslims . 
  you are not free to do whatever you like in a truly democratic state , there are laws and rules and if you break those then you are judged and punished accordingly . 
  you 're as ignorant of the fashion world as you are of the uk . 
  your point ? 
  that 's not an invasion . 
  read it . 
  the uk had successfully won the battle of britain before us involvement . 
  the germans knew then that they had no chance of successfully invading britain as they could never match our airforce and navy . 
  all of europe ? 
  do n't exaggerate . 
  the fact remains that england has not been invaded for a thousand years . 
  [ but germany is a slut . 
  ] ( http://voiceofrussia.com/uk/news/2013_10_25/germany-demands-access-to-five-eyes-no-mutual-spying-club-8846/ ) the uk sees benefits with its ties with the us . 
  germany begs for the same , and is denied . 
  well at least the uk expresses an opinion for good or bad . 
  how many us troops are based in germany ? 
  how many of your citizens are spied on by the us , and do your leaders do anything about it ? 
  they take us dick just as good as russian . 
  germany has no right calling the uk a lapdog when it has two leashes around its own neck . 
  cameron knew he lost the battle to stop juncker from the start , his plan was to look good at home , and he succeeded in this . 
  the uk is one of two countries in the eu with a military worth a damn so i 'd say his opinion is worth a bit more than basescu 's . 
  a romanian calling the uk a `` shitty country '' ? 
  you 're hearing about cameron now though , and the silence from berlin is speaks volumes . 
  but i suppose germany bending over for russia is nothing new . 
  if conflict with russia and the eu ever came about , germany would n't even be in the car . 
  no one cares what basescu has to say because romania is an irrelevant country . 
  people will actually listen to cameron and his call for tougher sanctions and i expect that the eu 's stance will change soon because of it . 
  you may hate cameron ( like most romanians ) because of his stance on limiting romanian immigration to the uk but he 's the only relevant eu leader calling for tougher sanctions , and you should recognise that . 
  it 's a shame your inferiority complex makes you too emotional to see this and your anger fuelled comments just make you come across as stupid . 
  it 's a public menace for people to hide their faces when stealing , not when they are just hiding their faces . 
  i do n't think it defeats my point because i do not agree with putting a veil wearers rights above yours . 
  i think it 's up to the shop keeper to decide whether or not to serve them . 
  you can at least wear your hood up down the street , or at the train station or other public places . 
  these muslim women do not have that right any more . 
  i can understand how this is a touchy subject for some people , but i 've never liked the argument of `` your rights end where my feelings begin '' . 
  every country has these kinds of people . 
  which is interesting because people on this sub are usually against surveillance and the police state and point out vehemently on how the uk is one and yet now these same people are arguing for this ban on the basis that everyone should be identifiable by the police outside of your own home , before a crime is even committed !, 
  and generally , the people defending against this type of argument in this thread are from the supposed surveillance state of the uk . 
  it 's all very amusing . 
  [ you sure about that ? 
  i think it depends on the opinion of the woman wearing it . 
  i 'm sure there are many muslim women who feel it is empowering . 
  you can wear one on the street though . 
  yes , i know . 
  but i do n't feel that bank robbers wearing islamic face veils is such a huge problem that we have to ban the things out right though . 
  let 's just use our common sense here . 
  i do n't think anyone wants to see erect penises , or leaky vaginas , hairy bums and sweaty back tits .
