  same in bavaria, 
  some immigrants in germany call germans `` kartoffeln '' . 
  my school had some cool traditions . 
  you prank the school , wear weird pants which other people write their name on and get drunk at the volksfest which is always in town during graduation . 
  not really . 
  most syrian and afghan refugees i met drink lots of alcohol and beer, 
  not really . 
  most syrian and afghan refugees i met drink lots of alcohol and beer, 
  gypsy often does n't only refer to roma , but also to sinti , irish travellers and other ethnic groups with a similar lifestyle . 
  i think everybody knows the first line since we love to put it on [ stuff ] ( http://img.fotocommunity.com/einigkeit-und-recht-und-freiheit-b918b483-e438-4e53-b983-0ba83297b745.jpg?width=1000 ) but i doubt that most germans could sing the whole anthem . 
  luther ? 
   christoph waltz . 
  i am german and had to google him ... 
  also animals, 
  tbf dreadlocks are probably the first hair style to ever exist , since people were n't able to comb their hair . 
  the germanics probably also wore their hair this way since julius caesar claimed that they had hair which looked like snakes and so did aztec priests , antic egyptians and other cultures . 
  austria is n't too keen on cards either . 
  also the fight against sexism in society . 
  for example children 's cloths being incredible sexist and the sexist mindset of big parts of the society . 
  but imao these issues are minor and will solve themself with the upcoming generations . 
  you wo n't be oppressed because of your gender and can still the life the way you want to . 
  that 's b\u00f6hmermann , the guy who called erdogan a goat-fucker . 
  he got his own show in germany . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzc8tbtidhi ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmqkv5ctuoy ) masterpieces are also from him . 
  what is this heresy ? 
  [ dude ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysaqtdc-y2g ), 
  i do n't know the case of this guy , but he was probably some criminell who could have faced capital punishment if he was deported back to the usa, 
  that name is great . 
  german dub always uses either bavarian dialect or dutch instead of german . 
  that white , black , red flag looks great . 
  9/10 would change, 
  it is ok , but the current flag is way better . 
  i was talking about bavaria and austria , germany would loose in this deal . 
  dude , both countrys would gain a shit lot power . 
  we have / r/edefreiheit for the germans . 
  yeah a neighbour city is famous for their neo-nazi scene and i know some guy from there through his sister , whom i would n't call a neo-nazi per se , but sympathizes with them and is kinda part of the scene . 
  there is a club who is known for being pretty nazi-friendly and has parties on hitler 's birthday and shit like that . 
   fucking up the world two times i disagree . 
  while wwii was completely and utterly germany 's fault , wwi was the fault of many european countries and blaming only germany for it and if you act like it was germany 's fault alone and a similar situation , you ignore a lesson that could and should be learned from this devastating war . 
  nationalism and isolation can have serious consequences . 
  we should n't treat other countries as enemies and rather cooperate . 
  lower bavaria . 
  not a thing were i live . 
  how do you do that if you are a large number of people ? 
  also nsu . 
  na , i know what op means , my polish grandma made the same stuff and its nothing like sp\u00e4tzle . 
  i was always one of the kids . 
  you get sweets and there was always this one guy who gave us booze . 
  but so do i. 
  wait you do n't say `` sorry '' if you bumb into somebody ? 
  tbf i am bavarian and sometimes have a hard time to guess if somebody is bavarian or austrian if they live near the border . 
  really vienna to graz ? 
  i need longer to get to the airport in munich . 
  you have never been at a concert in altbayern ? 
  it is really common for people to sing anti-bvb songs instead of `` zugabe '' . 
  also at least in rural lower bavaria a lot people are fans of fcbayern m\u00fcnchen , heck a lot schools have their own fcb fanclub and regularly go to games . 
  sorry but even poland has a `` financed by the eu '' sign on most of its infrastructure and they are one of the richest former communist countries . 
  my brother did exactly that , he just smoke a bit weed the day before . 
  you forgot [ die partei \u00d6sterreich ] ( https://die-partei.at ), 
  people are mean to me !, 
  muh freedom of speech !, 
  i was at a volksfest ( like oktoberfest , but not in munich ) with some friends . 
  since there was only one table with places , we asked the two guys sitting there if we could sit with them , they said yes . 
  they were both wearing lederhosn and really dunk . 
  one of them had a really strong russian accent , while the other was speaking in bavarian dialect . 
  bavarian dude complimented our dirndl and than proceed to rant about kanaken ( insult for foreigners ) wearing lederhosn and girls wearing dirndl with sneakers and how glad he was that we were wearing them the right way ( i was actually wearing sneakers with my dirndl ) two kurdish guys ( refugees if i remember correct ) asked in broken german if they could sit with us . 
  bavarian dude asked them if they are ok with us females coming alone to such a event , they are like `` yeah sure '' . 
  they drank a few beer together . 
  i really only see one scenario were merkel would n't get elected and that is a green-2red coalition ( imao unlikely ) . 
  since schulz seems to have stopped trying to become the candidate of the spd and i do n't see either die linke nor gr\u00fcne getting more votes than the spd , gabriel would most likely become the chancellor in this scenario . 
   merkel fails to get elected . 
  so gabriel for bundeskanzler ? 
  but that would only make sense if we get a numerial system with the base 12 . 
  chemistry and latin, 
  we are requiered to read shakespeare in english classes . 
  the biggest problem is imao that a some people inform themself more about american than european politics . 
  that leads to the most stupid arguments that only apply in the usa . 
  also some leftish and rightish groups import stupid ideas like the war against christmas and stuff like that . 
  nah they did n't even give rightwing russophile [ germans ] ( http://www.nordbayern.de/panorama/trotz-brd-diktatur-kein-asyl-fur-reichsburger-in-moskau-1.5352384 ) asylum , i doubt he 'll get it . 
  that is n't completly true . 
  a criminal who would have to face death trail can get asylum in most european countries and snowden has asylum in russia . 
   ~ ~ white ~ ~ americans, 
  april, 
  but the sea lions in `` finding dory '' also got a bavarian accent . 
  fdp is kinda right wing , but not more than cdu/csu, 
  yeah , especially the involvement of the verfassungsschutz was pretty dubious . 
  one of his posts got on / r/shitamericanssay and he got butthurt . 
  so he started the sub . 
  usa -  freeland us-americans -  freelanders, 
  we already do so , no need to make it official . 
  i know a few milenas and live in bavaria . 
  it is n't a traditional name , but got kinda popular the last few years . 
  i have a stray named odin . 
  he is really big for a cat , white with a few black spots and has a missing eye . 
  he also kinda `` adopted '' to other cats , one is called loki , the other scar . 
  as far as i know it also is n't uncommon in northern germany , thought i never heard it in southern germany . 
  no matter how empty the bottle , there are bottles who are more empty . 
  but you are allowed to bring them into class in germany ? 
  also we do n't live in the past and have bottles like [ this ] ( https://www.body-attack.de/bilder/png/body-attack-sports-nutrition-trinkflasche_500.png ), 
  no , the water where i live is heavy in calcium , i am talking about chlorine .
