  it was smashed between austria and prussia , who where both big threats and without france 's help it probably would n't have been able to maintain independence . 
  he is less anti-putin than merkel ( for a better relationship wit russia etc ) but still vary of russia and wants to uphold the sanctions . 
  goa\u00dfma\u00df is even better . 
  dark beer mixed with cola and cherry liqueur, 
  i love that [ guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm33j_ewk6q ) . 
  we should also take japan . 
  i would feel bad if they were alone . 
  the spd was the biggest democratic opposition against the nazis ( a lot of their members ended in concentration camps ) . 
  they wrote the weimar constitution together with zentrum and ddp . 
  they were there during bismarck 's time and gained so many votes and became such a big movement that bismarck started his sozialistengesetze and therefore brought germany sickness insurance , accident insurance and pension fund . 
  they are germany 's oldest party and unavoidable for anyone who is interested in german history . 
  that you never heard about them tells me more about you than the spd . 
   schzultz did i miss some meme ? 
  i am really not surprised about germany , i have met way more poles than turks living here . 
  he supported merkel during the refugee crises and is famous for saying , that refugees would bring something more valuable than gold . 
  if i ever get to design a countries passport , i will use citrus yellow . 
  really depends on the topic . 
  the refugee-threads are often at csu-level , while fuck-afd-threads tend to be at linke-level . 
  ukraine has a lot more fights in parliament than turkey . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zgtl6-kwqg ) is my favourite, 
  there is a really good documentation on netflix : winter on fire - ukraine 's fight for freedom, 
  tbf the definition of german before 1871 was basically german-speaking . 
  wow , some of the russian soldiers looks really drunk, 
   i do n't know , sweden sweden was a dick during the 30 years war , especially in bavaria and other catholic german states . 
  schwedentrunk is just sick, 
  a lot soldiers tortured farmers to death in order to get their hidden money or sometimes just out of fun . 
  let 's not forget that the [ schwedentrunk ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/datei:water_torture.png ) was heavily used back than . 
  soldiers often did n't even care if the farmers were catholic or protestant . 
  cities had to pay a shitlot money to foreign armies in order to get spared . 
  oktoberfest is nothing but a big festival in munich . 
  there is only one real oktoberfest . 
  there are many similar festivals called volksfeste in whole bavaria . 
  that said i personally am not a fan of the oktoberfest and rather visit smaller festivals , also as a real lower bavarian : g\u00e4ubodenvolksfest  oktoberfest edit : some words, 
  betreten, 
  also how do you enforce it ? 
  are german grandmothers suddenly not allowed to wear [ head scarves ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_maidscdny6i/tkmfqcgisji/aaaaaaaaf8g/zkib0-_mura/s1600/kopftuch6.jpg ) anymore ? 
  do we only allow wearing head scarves the way they are traditional to germany ? 
  if yes how do we keep muslim man from making their woman wear head scarves traditional to germany ? 
  do we only allow old woman to wear head scarves , but what about oppressed muslim grannys ? 
  do we only allow non-muslims to wear head scarves or even only white people since somebody could just claim no religion ? 
  honestly the only woman in burqa i 've ever seen were saudi arabian tourist groups in munich . 
  / r/e _ 4 is currently establish a german party , but asaik the long-term plan is to become a pan-european party . 
  same , i love this kind of threads . 
  wtf is wrong with you , your country had a female leader years ago and the left hated her , this is a european sub after all , not a american one . 
  you should really leave / r/the _ donald and look around . 
   vegans is the head quarter in cracow ? 
  vans do the job as well . 
  i thought ethanol oxidises to ethanal ( which is really poisonous and produces the headache ) and than later oxidises with aldehyd-dehydrogenase to ethanoic acid . 
  yeah , i thought volksfestbier was overpriced , but that 's just gruesome . 
  some drunk palestine refugees from gaza , without any criminal history threw moltov cocktails on a synagogue and the german court ruled that it was a political crime rather than a anti-semitic one ( which would have caused a higher punishment ) since there was n't enough evidence that they were anti-semitic . 
  neither did the oktoberfest bombings . 
  depends , if you call the munich shooting as far right incident , there was at least one incident . 
  but you could also make he point that it was done by a mental ill guy and that his political views were n't the reason at all . 
  let 's not forget the oktoberfest bombs , which killed 3 ordinary german children . 
  i am not claiming that it was invented in czechia , but we get cheap beer from czechia . 
  bavaria gets it from czechia . 
  a lot smokers do cigarette weekend trips to czechia with their family . 
  vodka is from poland and beer from czechia . 
  i understood it as the former communist part of ce, 
   trousers -- considered barbarous garments worn by germans and persians -- achieved only limited popularity in the latter days of the empire , and were regarded by conservatives as a sign of cultural decay [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clothing_in_ancient_rome#roman_clothing_of_late_antiquity ) [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7ygeoigcka ), 
  that 's a bit different . 
  i am talking about people who want it right now . 
  yeah , i have met exactly one person , who was for completely open borders in real life and i often talk with people from far-left circles ... 
  i have met more satanists than that . 
  at least in germany the afd is really anti-gay and tries to fight the `` genderisation of the youth '', 
  1 germany , i think our current laws would fit to deal with the crises , but the government ignored the problem for to long and did n't really prepare for it . 
  we should n't have ignored the crises till it hit our borders , we should have helped the southern countries when the numbers of refugees started to rise there , we should have invested money and gotten more translators , shelters and workers who deal with asylum applications a lot earlier . 
  an other problem is that people would rather act after feels instead of the law and that goes for people from the whole political spectrum . 
  imo we should try to deport rejected asylum seekers faster and should make deals with countries who do n't want to take their own citizens back . 
  i live in a town which took a lot asylum seekers and often talk with them . 
  they got part of the daily life . 
  they go to school , they make `` ausbildungen '' , they go to festivals and parties , make their licenses in driving schools and so on . 
  some of them are cool and interesting people , others are idiots . 
  there is actually something called schwammerlparagraph in the bavarian constitution . 
  it gives every bavarian the right to pick mushrooms in forests . 
  i have never been to india , but some of my friends did a school exchange with some indian school . 
  they loved it in india , but also had some weird stories to tell . 
  apparently they visited a small village and they were surrounded by the villagers , they made photos with them and one woman just gave one of my friends her baby made a photo and took it back from her . 
  tbf that was the case for half of europe , the other half got completely rid of any dictators . 
  really ? 
  we got a lot snow and it is cold so it does n't melt . 
  how is it democratic , if somebody does n't get the right to vote just 'cause he has a opinion which opposes the mainstream one . 
  in rural bavaria there are certain villages and smaller cities who are known for being more right-wing and/or racist ( they often have big neo-nazi-communities ) while others are more liberal , so i would n't be surprised if some swiss communities rejected people based on their skin colour . 
  she lived there since she was 8 and married a swiss ( had a divorce ) and got three children . 
  british , russian and american media loves to highlight the bavarian independence movement , which consists of the bayern-party , a party with less votes than the npd , the german neo-nazi-party . 
  they also pay a shit lot taxes . 
  also the rainbow flag after orlando . 
  the first is more pleasing cause the brandenburger tor does n't really fit the israeli flag , but i personally love the israeli flag , it is probably the most beautiful flag imao , while i think the naziflag is overrated , people seem to love it , but i just dislike the way it looks . 
  i am just not a fan of the colour scheme black-white-red , while i love israels blue-white . 
  gods , i hate racism ( prejudice , whatever you wan na call it ) , even if it is positive one . 
  in my experience poles are people and i know poles who are nice lads and ones that are complete idiots . 
  most german farmers have polish ( or other ece and ee ) seasonal workers and i know farmers who regularly get there stuff stolen by there workers . 
  heck some even had to get gender separated housing because some male workers assaulted the female ones . 
  if norway and switzerland are n't in it , it must be only eu-countries . 
  why else would somebody ignore such glorious countries on a map ? 
  do you even fanfiction ? 
  how is `` dracula '' not nice ? 
  austria-hungary was the strongest german state after prussia . 
  and therefore prussia did n't want them in their federation . 
  lower bavaria best bavaria,
