  mostly from tourist spots . 
  there was way to much chlorine in it . 
  we just brought our own bottels and filled them with tap water at school . 
  the water in rome tastes shitty tho . 
  same in bavaria, 
  laugenstangen are called breznstangen in bavaria, 
  rural bavaria . 
  we also did it , but also in gymnasium . 
  i am still at school and we did this from 1st to 10th grade . 
  we also prayed at the beginning of the day , if we happened to have a religious teacher in during first lesson . 
  honestly i never got this , if you really care about god , than do n't be a lazy fuck and pray yourself , when you stand up . 
  it just annoys people who do n't care about religion or are n't christian . 
  [ dicht und ergreifend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gggf_osdfr0 ) is from niederbayern . 
  living in germany , i think you have us confused with switzerland . 
  not really , central europe comes from mitteleuropa and describes every country with strong german or austrian influence . 
  but the sub also has some english , french and dutch posts . 
  he is better than sigmar or merkel i guess , but i wo n't vote spd anyway . 
  goa\u00dfma\u00df is love , goa\u00dfma\u00df is life < 3, 
  fucking pegida keeping us down, 
  [ lass liegen - alligatoah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=styo0zpvj0s ) something more pro-environment , which criticizes the throw-away society in most western countries . 
  [ zipfeschwinga - dicht & ergreifend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmv3a8dm60c ) criticizes the racism and xenophobia in rural bavaria also some [ ear cancer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzuvx2ygoci ) for you, 
  you guys are probably number 3 after poland and the netherlands . 
  i like swabian , it 's baby-speech . 
  but huge government does n't equal lefty ... 
  in bavaria as well . 
  the problem with berlin is , that it lately had an rise in popularity with young people and hipsters , so the rents rise , while salary does n't . 
  we had some aussie exchange students and they made a two-day-trip to salzburg . 
  when i asked them , what they doing there , they answered `` a sound of music-tour '' . 
  i lost it . 
  orban and merkel are n't presidents . 
  germany also has a president : joachim gauck, 
  i would like to see it in the distant future , but it wo n't happen in my lifetime . 
  wtf the neighbourhood with the most similar view to mine is a half hour from the place i live . 
  but we do n't have the throat sounds in standard german . 
  as a german i have to disagree . 
  while i understood half of the stuff the flemish woman said , i did n't understand a word while listening to dutch . 
  in bavaria we also call wei\u00dflacker bierk\u00e4se , 'cause you are supposed to eat it with beer . 
  my dad :(, 
  it 's called m\u00e4cci in some parts of germany , also the ironical name `` schachtelwirt '' ( box restaurant . ), 
  it 's called deppenleerzeichen in german, 
  and the election of the eu-parlament ? 
  they lost some votes the last weeks , so i am optimistic . 
  it 's also the beginning of [ fasching !, 
  ] ( https://hufnerstrasse.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/wpid-img_20141102_105722.jpg ) and st.martinsday, 
  afd probably gets some seats in the parliament , but they wo n't be a ruling party . 
  they are currently loosing voters , 'cause people kinda stopped caring about refugees and there other stances wo n't get them many votes in germany . 
  you did n't just shoot them on sight !, 
  you invited them !, 
  it 's the 1 # stereotype about frisians we have in germany . 
  so about half of your country . 
  i actually met a bunch of refugees , i liked some of them and actually got friends with two , while i disliked others . 
  the worst experience by far was a really drunken refugee , who tried to kiss me at a beer festival and did n't take no for an answer ( i made up an excuse and fled . 
  i still blame a friend for this , she tried to get me and that guy together . ), 
  funnily ( or sadly ) the same thing happened to a friend of mine at the same festival the next day . 
  we left her alone her with some really drunken german guy in order to get some food . 
  a few minutes later she came running to us and explained that the guy tried to kiss her and did n't take no for an answer . 
  not really , i know a syrian , who got per plane from greece to germany because he had light skin and hair and got away with a faked european passport , while his brother , who looked way more middle eastern had to go by foot and car . 
  but we have greeks , italians and turks to cook for us . 
  what ? 
  i am german and know plenty people who snack on sunflowers . 
  they are a nice snack and i love them . 
  i choose low rent and living costs + culture and no car needed , got berlin and london . 
  you can only nominate one language for the eu and you guys choose irish . 
  another ? 
  b\u00f6hmi is well known since erdogan sued him . 
  they produce a lot hazelnuts and nutella is kinda europe 's oil ... 
  i ca n't stand polish nutella , it just tastes a lot worse than the german one . 
  i am an atheist and liked our school trip to a mosque . 
  it was quite interesting and i actually learned a lot more than in the class room . 
   might as well ban poor people altogether at our school you could ask for financial help , if you were n't able to pay for the trip , 'cause you did n't have the money and just got the trip paid by richer parents . 
  there is actually a spanish movie about it , it is called `` ab nach deutschland '' in german, 
  oh god , that hurts my eyes . 
  i was a fan of austritt :(, 
  also celtic , before these stupid romans conquered it and immigrated there in huge numbers . 
  we want reparations to ireland , rome !!, 
  let 's look at the german right-wing party afd . 
  they pretty economical liberal , as they which to get rid of most of the workers rights and a lot taxes , stuff like that . 
  in other points , they are pretty far away from being liberal and i would call them kinda authoritarian in some issues . 
  they are against immigration , against same sex marriage , legalizing weed and want the newspapers to only print their ideas of family norms and stuff like that , once they have the power to do so . 
  i do n't really agree with op , but norway , iceland and switzerland are still defacto in the common market . 
  there are also 2.006.410 people with polish immigration background in germany . 
  tbf schloss neuschwanstein is n't that much older , but probably one of the most famous castles in the world . 
  yeah teaching there kid , that it is ok to break the rules , if you do n't like them is much better . 
  it was at our school ... 
  the situation would be completely different if it was a muslim , whose parents did n't want him to go to a synagogues, 
  so the parents ca n't just destroy their kids live , by taking them out of school , before they got a abschluss . 
  at our school you even had to attend messes as a muslim . 
  it was ok for our school trip to a mosque . 
  our guide was actually a muslim woman with open hair , thought she told us , that she got shit for it from some parts of the community . 
  our school had the rule that you need a doctors note after the 3 . day and for school trips . 
  the problem is that school is mandatory / s, 
  sozialkunde was only about germany , but tbh we also visited a mosque with the religion classes and not geography . 
  geography is n't only about geology , but also about other country , their culture , religion and their politics . 
  tbh the parents were probably trying to make a scene , otherwise they just could have went to a doctor and got an attest . 
  same goes for germany , but i doubt , that we get same sex marriage in the next few years, 
  but switzerland gets all the immigrants , especially from germany and other neighbour countries . 
  nazi-settlements on the moon ? 
  tbf you can see eastern germany on the map . 
  omg we ca n't call refugees refugees since that would mean , that we would have to take them for humanitarian reasons !, 
  let 's just call them immigrants instead .
