russia can throw nukes without triggering mad . 
  suppose we attack russia , and russia throws a few nukes in military tactical spots . 
  would that be reason for us to nuke millions of citizens ? 
  probably not , since we 'd gain nothing and likely lose millions in turn . 
  at some point the world will realise that a nuke destroys a few tens of miles/kilometers in radius , not a whole country . 
  they 're not literally the end of the world , and it 's not like big countries actually care about atrocities abroad when trying to win a war . 
  the threat of nukes works . 
  but what will happen when they 're used again now that multiple parties can launch them , nobody knows . 
  as a dutchman , that is indeed hard . 
  most do n't socialise with colleagues for example . 
  and you need to learn dutch , even though almost all do speak english . 
  you need to read up on dutch social habits ( such as do n't tend to show up unannounced , keep your curtains open during daylight , dutch dinner is around 6pm , etc ) . 
  then you need to join the local clubs etc to meet people outside work . 
  with kids it 's a bit easier as you can do the extra-curricular stuff with other parents and have other natural mingling opportunities . 
  rural villages , like everywhere , are the worst . 
  i moved from the city to the rural netherlands , and even for a native it takes years for the local population to really give you a place in their society , and only if you respect their ways . 
  i 'll always be known as an outsider , too , and likely so will my kids , even though they grow up here . 
  from the [ report ] ( http://www.healthpowerhouse.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/ehci_2015_report.pdf ) :  the hcp takes care to state that the ehci is limited to measuring the `` consumer friendliness '' of healthcare systems , i.e. 
  does not claim to measure which european state has the best healthcare system across the board . 
  the reason that it 's a lot higher than the rest of flevoland , is that urk was an island before flevoland was created . 
  even before the sea ( zuiderzee ) was turned into a lake ( ijsselmeer ) . 
  the dutch did not heed the warning ( in time ) that rotterdam was to be bombed . 
  when they finally surrendered , the bombers could n't be reached anymore since they cut radio contact when approaching their target . 
  a dutch flag for me please  edit : automatically even !, 
  thanks !, 
   ( it is a general rule that you ca n't apply for a visa for country z once you 're inside country z : it does n't make much sense , and there are exceptions , but it 's a good rule of thumb ) afaik , it is aimed to prevent people from entering the country , being denied a visa , and staying as an illegal immigrant . 
  only four ? 
  well that 's news i guess . 
  both methods of protesting are equally useless ( protests rarely change anything ) , but at least this one is fun . 
  before the squat ban , it was legal to squat any building which was not used for a year or more . 
  squatters were very hard to evict , making it practically impossible for the owner to sell or rent a place . 
  also , damage to the property is n't exactly uncommon . 
  regular houses/apartment buildings are protected against squatters by renting them to people very cheaply , who indeed might get only a few months notice if they have to move out once the building gets a use again . 
  i can imagine the same happens to office buildings , but personally do n't know examples . 
  however , local governments and several institutes ( universities for instance ) also subsidize startups , providing them with a cheap place to rent ( and , say , with a common reception desk ) among other things . 
  like last winter , or worse ? 
  no problem , 
  yeah cfl have a weakness for a lot of switching and short burning periods ( closets/attics/toilet / etc ) , however leds do n't iirc . 
  but even if you highly shorten the life span of a cfl , you still come out ahead . 
  cfls require a lot more energy to produce . 
  that is recouped by its lower power consumption and longer life time . 
  it does work out , also for stuff like mercury content ( for incandescents , a ( coal ) power plant emits more ) . 
  source : http://www.iaeel.org/iaeel/archive/right_light_proceedings/abstracts/rl1_abstracts/rl1abe11.html i still have incandescents as well  in the attic , closets , shed , etc. 
  both laziness and the insane recuperation period ( since the lamps are rarely used ) prevented me from switching them . 
  not necessarily . 
  people do n't care about the difference , and do n't think about the energy costs . 
  light bulbs are considered too cheap to even think about . 
  if a bulb breaks , you do n't want to stand and reconsider your strategy . . its far easier to just buy a new bulb for a few dimes . 
  add to that a warped reasoning which allows them to fool themselves into keeping to incandescents ( `` i can use the heat in the winter !, 
  '' ) , and judging other bulbs by their quality and shape 10 years ago . . etc. 
  edit : i 'm not sure what i should put in my lava lamp though , should the incandescent bulb break . 
  oh the card is only for trains , yes . 
  you can also take a bicycle in the train btw ( 6 euro per trip unless you happen to have a foldable bike , iirc double that if travelling internationally ) . 
  inholland has a meh reputation , at least from students in the hague , but i know little about their amsterdam location . 
  inholland was recently fined for making it too easy for long-term lingering student to pass their final exams , and is now sued by other students for unfair treatment and the resulting degrading of the value of their diplomas . 
  that 's for a different course though ( media and entertainment management ) , so that in itself wo n't affect you . 
  the time restriction is until 4am the next morning . 
  it 's valid the whole day on saturday and sunday , and in july and august during the week as well . 
  it only gives discounts on national train travel . 
  international travel has youth < = 25yo discounts , if you 're 26 or older you can buy a separate discount card ( railpluskaart ) . 
  the reason you ca n't travel before 9am is both profit and discouragement . 
  the morning commute trains are often already quite packed , and use more expensive forms of discount or none at all . 
  so allowing the 40 % card to be valid before 9am will both increase the morning loads and decrease their profits . 
  your voordeelurenkaart works for any ticket you buy , but you ca n't buy it from a foreign train station , so indeed you 'd have to do that in advance . 
  international tickets are typically valid for several months . 
  german ice trains etc might need reservations , but i 'm not sure if you need to decide that when you buy the ticket . 
  www.nshispeed.nl does n't play nice for me for some reason , but from www.bahn.de i can get a ticket for 46,50 . 
  that does n't use any dutch discount cards . 
   although the north is not that populated , the city of groningen must be somewhat densely populated because it really is n't that big and it holds quite a few people , would that be a fair assumption ? 
  true , big is relative . 
  it has 200k citizens , but most of them packed together unlike urban sprawl cities in america . 
  it also serves as a regional hub so has more facilities than other 200k cities . 
  that does n't make it amsterdam of course . 
   native students get free transport , happen to know about us internationals , i 've read in some random places on the internet that i 've found that we can purchase a discount card , any truth to this ? 
  only way i 'll be traveling is probably bus and train to get to other cities . 
  you can get a card ( voordeelurenkaart ) which provides 40 % discount for trains after 9am , which is valid for a year , for 55 euros . 
  it is pretty decent if you make a few trips across the country ( or abroad ) . 
   great to know that there will be plenty of ladies , not gunna lie , definitely one aspect i am looking forward to . 
  love the fact that beer will be cheaper in groningen ( less = more :p ) , i 'm sure i wo n't have to worry about quality beer though , lots to choose from . 
  have fun , 
  i 'm no professor , but from a dutch point of view : they focus on bachelor-level education , more practically oriented than the scientific bachelor & master-level education at the [ rijksuniversiteit groningen ] ( www.rug.nl ) . 
  in its class ( bachelor education ) , the hanze university was considered second in student satisfaction last year in nl . 
  it seems strong in accountancy and fiscal economy among other fields . 
  all according to research from a well-known national magazine they quote on their dutch website , so ymmv as always , 
  pot is available in every major city here , including groningen . 
  i live south of groningen , in drenthe , but moved here recently right after getting kids , so i do n't actually know much about night life etc , but maybe practical info is also useful . 
  i find groningen to be a great city . 
  it 's the largest city in the sparsely populated northern provinces , but probably has everything you need ( including an ikea , always practical to have ) . 
  the city 's atmosphere is nice . 
  groningen has a relatively high number of women in its university . 
  coming from a technical ( and thus highly male ) university myself , that was important to know , although groningen was out of way in practice , since many students do n't own a car . 
  bikes are more practical within the ( and any ) city , and native students get free public transport . 
  travelling to the quite bigger randstad metropolian area of amsterdam/the hague/rotterdam takes 3 hours by train , but the night trains do n't reach groningen , so you ca n't go back very late . 
  a car is easier , although one wants to avoid rush hour , since half of that route will be jammed . 
  everyone except some foreigners , old people , and rural folk speak english . 
  people are nice , to my opinion genuinely so most of the time . 
  people here in the north have little to worry about , creating a relaxed and fun atmosphere . 
  however , commerce and culture is much stronger in the randstad . 
  and since you mentioned drinking , heineken and amstel are considered regular quality beers here . 
  good beers are typically belgian or german ( depending on your taste ) .
