  drinks will be cheaper in groningen bars than in amsterdam , too . 
  it 's actually old news . 
  i found a dutch article mentioning this find back in 2007 : http://www.ed.nl/regio/eindhovenregio/article1443787.ece, 
  i find it very odd that the government imposes a dress code on the students though . 
  so many wear religious symbols ( crosses etc ) or other ideological/view on life stuff ( anarchy symbols , hippie clothes , political slogans , etc ) . 
  there was n't really a problem with that except from uptight people . 
  but somehow scarves are different ? 
  i do n't think we 're heading in the right direction if we 're banning things simply because some do n't like to look at it . 
  we were actually trying to escape such a society for decades . 
  and then reality arrives , in which national parties all pretty much follow the same line as far as the eu is concerned ( although it 's slightly better recently ) . 
  or we get treaties like the `` european constitution '' which nobody can really read and comprehend , with political parties threatening with ww3 ( yes ) if we do n't vote for it . 
  so we say `` fuck you '' and then the treaty gets accepted anyway in the form of the lisbon treaty . 
  so it 's not as easy as saying `` well , you should have voted for a different party and that 's that '' . 
  as in every country , if the political system as a whole offers you little choice and there is also not enough momentum to create a one-issue party for it , you 're basically screwed , regardless of how democratic you are on paper . 
  it may make sense , but where does the eu stop expanding its rights and privileges ? 
  as a citizen of the eu , i have the feeling that we got tricked by the economical union , which is nice and all , but which is also expanding into about every other aspect of life without our control or consent . 
  netherlands . 
  turkish people are great . 
  also , your food . 
  turkey belongs to europe , but in these days of national pride everywhere and turkey being a big nation , it may be hard to get turkey accepted into the eu . 
  economically and military it 'd be a big win , but socially and politically is going to be a struggle . 
  turkey into the eu is a big influence which will be seen as islamic regardless of whether that 's all fair , and that will be linked to social problems with islam on the national level/in intercontinental context , also whether or not that 's fair . 
  i imagine turks want to have their culture influence the eu , being a part of it and all . 
  that 's a recipe for clashes that national ( istic ) politicians are going to milk to rally support . 
  on either side . 
  the social climate is not good . 
  the eu is under strain from its rapid expansion , and also due to its increasing influence on national policy . 
  turkey has options on the long run . 
  there 's countries sharing your language if i understand correctly ( turkmenistan etc ? 
  ) , but more importantly , if it plays it cards right , it might try to obtain a more leading role in the divided muslim world . 
  that ca n't not be interesting . 
  i 'd really rather have them as part of the eu though . 
  the us president is n't legally required to swear an oath on a bible . 
  it 's just that it 's political suicide not to . 
  does switzerland even need any armed forces at all ? 
  it 's land-locked by the eu , which is n't likely to invade . 
  edit : and not a member of nato either . . that leaves the un as the only possible venue to formally expect forces to be deployed ? 
   piracy in europe is mostly used for grabbing content that is not available in your own country . 
  source ? 
  since that is n't exactly my experience . 
  -1 comments ?? 
  edit : sorry :p, 
  internet petitions . . have they ever accomplished anything ? 
  honest question . . 
  one of the dangers ? 
  not expanding the list of required match points when comparing the dna on the crime scene against the database . 
  a few match points is ok when comparing two samples , but when looking into a database of millions , you 'll always find some matches purely by chance . 
  if the law is not sufficiently adjusted , such a random match might serve as evidence against you . 
   ( and yes , i do mean islamofacism ) so you mean the muslims who want to create a nationalistic corporation-state ? 
  they seem to be rare , actually . 
  how many burkas are there in france anyway ? 
  here in . nl , there are only 150 , yet we still talk about a ban as if it 's a vital subject . 
  does this law actually solve any problem , or is it just symbolic to please voters while in practice it forces the same women to stay indoors ? 
  a `` heel prick test '' is done in the first week ( here in . nl at least ) after birth , to test for major illnesses which can be effectively treated if detected very early . 
  it is optional and free , but my impression is that almost all parents allow it for the obvious reasons . 
  here , the official policy is to keep the blood for a year for retesting purposes , and ( anonymised ) an additional four years for scientific research . 
  the parents can opt-out of the latter . 
  it 's simply waiting for the rfid chip to be hacked , making anyone near you able to read out your passport . 
  having a not 100 % fully secure system is to be expected . 
  but to have your citizens practically radiate their personal data ? 
  that 's taking insecurity to a new level . 
  the eu countries are free to create their own legislation as long as they remain within guidelines such as these . 
  it seems to me this reform actually limits the possibilities for eu countries , rather than expanding it ? 
  if the governments are malicious , they can indeed pass laws to kick people off the net etc. 
  but this reform does not pave the way , as you say . 
  the way has always been there . 
  but what i actually was after was to know which portions of this reform are apparently dangerous and why ? 
  can you tell me why i should be worried in less vague terms ? 
  how ? 
  edit : at first glance , the reform sounds quite reasonable . 
  thanks !, 
  so it protects israeli settlements . . that does not cover any palestinians though ? 
  maybe your source explains that a bit clearer , and i 'd like it regardless out of honest interest . 
   `` as a high contracting party to the geneva convention , the british government should be arresting barak for war crimes , not treating him to dinner , '' israel does not break the geneva convention by their treatment of the palestines , however immoral that treatment may be . 
  non-signatories such as the palestines are simply not protected . 
  that 's the whole point of the convention . 
  nobody is going to risk putting the israeli war minister on trial when it is n't a reasonably sure win . 
  officially , our ( . nl ) mission was to rebuild , not to wage war . 
  our suspicions that it was n't going to work out as nato/our gov promised turned out to be quite right . 
  everyone was and still is fighting . 
  heck , i highly doubt rebuilding is actually useful if the taliban will use the schools we build to spread their propaganda . 
  it is very sad to read there has n't been a strategy from the start though . 
  it is not like afghanistan is known to be easy to conquer . 
   many muslim women are forced to wear the burqa by family pressure , even physical force . 
  actually , only a few women wear a burqa . 
  they 're quite rare , despite the political fuzz . 
  unless france differs significantly from here in the netherlands . 
   the only way to free women from family and cultural pressure to isolate themselves inside a burqa , is to make it illegal to wear the burqa . 
  then , she can not be punished by her family for not wearing it . 
  i suspect she will simply not be allowed to leave the house . 
  it 's not the first though . 
  the islam democraten took part in local elections in 2006 in 7 municipalities , but got a seat in only one ( the hague ) . 
  see http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_democraten ( in dutch ) . 
  the court did not send the verdict because tpb requested it by phone , which did not allow them to identify themselves : http://twitter.com/brokep/status/2930672926 and , as i stated below , the tpb guys were not informed in person simply because they could not be found . 
  the judge did not consider the case to be severe enough to demand their presence . 
  they did try to inform the defendants in person , but the tpb guys could not be found before the hearing . 
  it is odd they refused to send the verdict , but i suspect the court is following procedure . 
  the tpb guys are trolling about human rights more than actually looking up what their duties are in that respect . 
  they indeed should get good dutch legal advice if they actually want to accomplish anything . 
  how the tpb guys ban dutch users is indeed a tough one .
