switzerland please . 
  let big brother germany hug you tight . 
  that 's correct . 
  you technically do n't `` download '' the files by yourself . 
  that 's why it 's not prohibited . . yet . 
  okay . 
  no one even lives anymore that was alive at that time . 
  and yet still germany has to apologize ? 
  stupid . 
  i wa n't an apology for the huns to invade europein 375 . 
  karl-franz up in this motherfucker . 
  i support the spain flag . 
  just change the black right of the eu to yellow . 
  we have enough flag on the left side . 
  do n't waste your time with mr. brexit here . 
  he 's just salty for whatever reason . 
  do n't give him your attention . 
  that 's like telling an alcohol addict to `` just stop drinking '' . 
  they 're called `` addiction '' for a reason . 
  your whole argument from `` throwing away freedom of speech '' and `` unable to accept your past '' derives from germany having laws against swastikas in fucking video games shows how poor your argument is . 
  seriously . 
  what has censoring swastikas in media , that is not art or teaching material to do with `` throwing away freedom of speech '' . 
  so unless i can say anything without repercussion whatsoever . . my freedom of speech is taken away completely . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  germany has accepted and embraced their past . 
  it 's sad , that the side effect is collective guilt . 
  but the allies in ww2 wanted exactly that . 
  worst part is , i agree with you on censoring swastika and hitler in video games is stupid . 
  but your arguments are so far off , i actually consider you a troll at the moment . 
   in germany perhaps , a country that still censors videogames from having nazis as antagonists we do n't censor videogames . 
  the company 's do it . 
  videogames are not considered `` art '' in german law . 
  and since they 're not for teaching purpose either , it 's not allowed to show a swastika . 
   but the rest of the world has moved on ye , sure . 
  you can talk yourself into that if you wish . 
  and yet still i see pictures of angela merkel with hitler mustache . 
  or getting called out by turkey 's president because our parliament voted on acknowledging the systematic killing of armenians in 1915 as genocide . 
  here 's a quote from tyrion lannister : `` never forget what you are . 
  the rest of the world will not . '', 
  taste is subjective . 
  for you it 's `` fashionable and grim '' for most other people its edgy and a sign of glorifying the fascist times . 
   to lazy to go to court . 
  or maybe you ca n't afford it . 
  or the company ( e.g. 
  facebook ) has a fuck ton of lawyers . 
  it does n't seem you think about the stuff you write before you post it . 
  feels like you only want to show that you know the paragraph of the law but do n't really want to contribute . 
  nice comment on an 2 days old thread . 
  also if you had read the article , you 've seen the problem here . 
  not that the law is enforced , but how . 
  it means facebook will delete anything to not break german law and get fined . 
  say anything against german government ? 
  deleted . 
  could be hate speech . 
  it gives the power to the company . 
  please do n't invade us . 
  it was just a prank , bro !, 
  it 's such a strong contrast . 
  being progressive and voting for gay marriage at the one end . . and then making a law like that . 
  in my opinion this new law blurs the meaning of `` hate speech '' and even worse , gives all the power to companies like facebook . 
  what a step backwards . 
  every time i get a 1 $ or 2 $ coin that does n't have a bundesadler on the back , i look at it and think about all the great stuff we have through it . 
  edit : now i have a shiny reddit coin too !, 
  and no bundesadler !, 
  thanks . 
  this is so unlucky . 
  i really hope that germany can make renewable resources work really well . 
  i really do n't like the excessive capitalistic mindset that 's over boarding lately . 
  the states sole purpose is bonding people together and making them stronger . 
  in simple terms we throw our resources together so we can do more than fight each other with pointy sticks . 
  that also includes helping those who are old , young , disabled or unfortunate . 
  it 's not like we 're starving and need every grain of food for ourselves . 
  especially after what happened with the unification of germany , many people ( mostly east germans ) stood there with a degree that was worth nothing in the new market . 
  those are the old people now . 
  just to conclude this : why should be anyone `` in line '' for a hypothetical ubi . 
  just make it equally accessible for everyone . 
  well , my comment was to show that every country did something horrendous in some way in the past . 
  switzerland is no exception . 
  like collaborating with nazi germany to store their money and the famous `` raubgold '' or `` nazi gold '' . 
  also making it hard for the families of jews , who had stored valuables , to get it back . 
  but just as i did not hurt any jew you did not steal from them ( assuming you 're a schweizer ) . 
  it 's all bias . 
  so what do you want them to do ? 
  let them starve , after they arrived here ? 
  they 're not allowed to work . 
  some of them do n't even get a german class for months , even if they want to . 
  you know , comparing a german citizen and all his opportunities with a refugee . . that 's kind of pitiful . 
  that 's pretty fucked up man . 
  most of them worked hard and still do n't get enough money from the state , so that they have to work after retirement . 
  and i rather have the few people who did nothing their entire life get paid by the state than having hundred thousands of elder people living on the street . 
  i think we can handle to pay for them . 
  you know , that 's what a community is here for . 
  a [ insert country name ] berating someone for war crimes ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ caterpillar, 
  ca n't believe we have to deal with the likes of erdogan and his boy band . 
  and ignore the things they have done in public with a camera pointed in their direction . 
  if they do this here , they should be arrested for it . 
  and put in jail . 
  i heard the normandy is a beautiful place this time of the year . 
  only 10 tank hours to german borders . 
  sounds fair to me .
