it 's stories like these that make me believe in humanity :, 
  my grandfather was captured in the battle of france ( he was french , i am french/irish/british . 
  his brother was killed in the same battle ) . 
  he spent 5 years on a farm in czechoslovakia as a pow . 
  when my irish father first met him , my dad could n't speak french but he knew some german . 
  my french grandfather and my irish father spoke german to each other for many years . 
  sadly my grandfather died a couple of months before i was born ( he was born in 1899 ) , but he met up with the couple who held him captive every year . 
  they even went to his funeral . 
  as churchill said , the second world war was the ` preventable war ', 
  how did you get the job in brussels ? 
  i just took the epso but i 'm looking all over !, 
  totally off topic of suit wearing . 
  i 'll rephrase it to make it relevant :, 
  i wore a suit everyday to 6th form ( it was my uniform ) . 
  now tell me : how do i get a job in brussels ? 
  why did you write with your left hand ? 
  you say to disrupt your normal writing style , but i do n't get it . 
  ah , that makes a lot of sense !, 
  it was a great prank . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  now that you said it , it does make a lot of sense and probably not something i would have thought . 
  the beauty is in the detail for these sort of things , i guess . 
  is n't there a film where there is a blind black guy who thinks he is white in the deep south and is a huge racist ; even going so far as to be in the kkk ? 
  i heard this somewhere . 
  anyway , reminded me of that . 
  i got a yellow card from a street perform like this once . 
  yeah , i still do n't understand . 
  i just tried this and it does work . 
  absolutely . 
  i would agree with a post further down that says leave it in for 3-5 minutes to get it nice and cool though . 
  one thing though - the salt in the water make the can taste like salt ( and yes , i did wipe the can first ! ) . 
  i circumvented this by pouring the beer into a glass . 
  for some reason , i 'm flexing right now . 
  technically , and i mean * technically * , quick is belgian , so it 's from belgium . 
  although i realise they have quicks all over france . 
  i 'll be quiet now . 
  one person has briefly mentioned it and i think it deserves more credit . 
  this post will probably get buried but nevermind . 
  ** the defenestration of prague ** ( the second one in 1618 ), 
  this single act of pushing a man out of a window ( he survived : he landed in horse manure ) is largely accredited as causing what we now know as the thirty years ' war . 
  as an aside the dutch called it the eighty years ' war and peace between france and spain was not reached until 1659, 
  the thirty years ' war ravaged central europe , what we know now as germany in particular and saw the deaths of millions of civillians from the warfare and from starvation as crops failed , and what little food there was , was taken by armies from austria , spain , sweden , france to name a few of the combattants . 
  i could make this a very long post detailing the events of the war , but the most important aspect was the peace of westphalia signed in munster and osnabruck in 1648 ( one for protestants , one for catholics same treaty , just signed in different places so they did n't meet ) . 
  the significance of the treaty is still seen today as it set down the foundations of sovereignty that are still applied to states today . 
  suddenly : melanoma . 
  however , this , * this * , has restored my hope , not only in venice , but in the kindness of strangers . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  i know how much of an arse those bridges are !, 
  in case you want to judge them , here is some [ swedish officer training ] ( http://forsvar.fileflat.com/english/ ), 
  this +10 !, 
  i have been thinking the same thing for weeks !, 
  i see you sports bar , and i raise you this http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=8htqpsvf3ys#t=23s, 
  i 'm upvoting you because you of your excellent use of ` spare ' and because you 're from lancashire . 
  however , i must correct your map : the finno-ungaric family does not incorporate hungary , when it is one of the main components of the finno-ungaric family : they came from deep siberia and split , one went north , one went south many many years ago . 
  there should be a nice lime yellow hungarian-shaped blob ( making allowances for the hungrarian minorities in romania , serbia , and slovakia ) in the carpathian basin . 
  i do , however , agree wholely with your sentiment . 
  i 'm gon na say the nhs : it may not be the best healthcare in the world , but by jingo is it the cheapest !, 
  14th best last time i check and it is * totally * free at point of use . 
  got to love that in my book . 
  bbc is one i would totally agree with richhaddon with . 
  sadly , we are cutting back on this . 
  recently , a mozambique national paper said `` if you are going to have a limited foreign policy , focus on what you do well . 
  the bbc is something the british do well '' . 
  this was made after the bbc axed the portuguese language world service . 
  other things i love ? 
  as an expat i love real , proper thick cut , smoked bacon rashers . 
  some lancashire black pudding , with some cumberland sausage , washed down with yorkshire . 
  by gum is that heaven !, 
  my ultimate thing in the world ? 
  it has been a lot time since i had my last one and i dream of my next pint . 
  sure , many countries have nice beer , but to sit back outside a pub with a pint of wainright ( or another type of ale ) would be amazing . 
  sod those who think we serve lukewarm , flat beer : they do n't understand the true delicious essence of real ale . 
  oh , my apologies then . 
  i thought it was language . 
  my bad . 
  yeah , i know what you mean , but any government that tried to americanise would be destroyed in the next election . 
  i think attlee said that the nhs will always survive so long as there are enough people willing to fight for it . 
  i guess the hard part is trying to mobilise people to be bothered . 
  room temperature ? 
  brown ? 
  granted , your ambers have a brownish hue , but most do n't , they just come in a brown bottle . 
  but colour is irrelevant to the taste . 
  as for room temperature , it is cellar temperature , so no , it does n't go through a cooler like a lager would , but it is certainly colder than room temperature . 
  i know a lot of companies like budweiser want you to drink their beer below the point of freezing , but the only thing this does is hide the taste . 
  you do n't * need * a beer that cold . 
  fridge temperature would suffice . 
  by serving ale at cellar temperature you allow for the full aroma of the hops to be appreciated and you can distinctly taste the subtleties between the myriad of ales that are on offer . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you to like ale , i merely wanted to relay to you the importance that the temperature has upon an ale . 
  i recently read an article on 4chan and now i have to say this :, 
  obligatory swimming lessons . 
  [ full story here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11172054 ), 
  i sincerely could n't imagine a life without swimming , especially since i 'm from cumbria . 
  loads on anonymous . 
  is this a thing here ? 
  meh , i do n't care : my shroom story :, 
  was in amsterdam , before they got banned . 
  bought two boxes of shrooms , think they were hawaiian , but really cant be sure . 
  anyway , bought 2 boxes between of us . 
  i ate one whole box to my self . 
  man who sold them to us glided back into the back like some sort of mythical being being saying , in a sinister manner : `` have a good night '' .
