  must n't grumble . 
  i did european studies . 
  i work in the regulatory department of an electricity company ... 
  it does a bit directly as i do some stuff with europe , but certainly nothing like eu trading power the ukraine . 
  still , its more about the skills you learn that you can then transfer over to other disciplines . 
  my local cinema does n't even use the posters . 
  just that greenish-yellow with the words in red . 
  for everything . 
  in europe farmers have poured gallons of milk on the streets of brusselsmand strasbourg to protest against low milk prices . 
  august , yup . 
  i moved to galway in september 2007 and it had just been fixed . 
  were n't there places where you could get free refills ? 
  i 'm thinking of tesco in particular . 
  is that high or low ? 
  i personally do n't know the price in the eu but where i come from is mainly a dairy producing region and my mates who are farmers are not happy with the current price of milk . 
  they say it 's so low it very difficult to make a living . 
  they want more from the supermarkets , without them passing on the cost to the consumer . 
  pillock ? 
  ha , someone watched qi last night , did n't they !, 
  that smile !, 
  [ guybrush threepwood wants his boat back ] ( http://blogs.ocweekly.com/heardmentality/guybrushrowboat.jpg ), 
  sometimes i have seen players exclaim profanities after missing a sitter and they have n't been cautioned . 
  it just a common outpouring of emotion so i think refs let it slide as it 's not abusive . 
  hi much would financing of the army come into play ? 
  from my memory ( 4 years ago ) sweden was largely funding it 's wars through copper mining , which dried up and a large portion of its armed forces were mercenary based , at least around 1624 . 
  i seem to recall this from the work of geoffrey black about the 30 years war . 
  what would your thoughts on this be ? 
  ring around the rosie ? 
  it 's ring-a-ring o ' rosies , the ring of rosies being a symptom of the bubonic plague . 
  i can see why ring around the rosie would work , but does n't fit the original meaning ( in my mind ) . 
  edit : never mind . 
  my bad . 
  by died op means murdered by his wife . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phil_hartman#death ), 
  eye slippage . 
  but then he became king and lost normandy . 
  the fool !, 
  i think op means he did n't deserve what little recognition he got . 
  that is n't true , however , since most people on reddit know that telsa was great , edison was evil yadda yadda . 
  tesla has a unit of magnetism named after him , and a car company . 
  so op is a bit daft here . 
  lyra 's oxford . 
  john gets a bad name due to robin hood , but in all fairness to the guy he probably lost normandy because his brother spent so much fighting the crusades the coffers were pretty bare by the time john got there . 
  hard to rule your own country , without trying to keep the french out of your territory that lies across the channel !, 
  he was sean connery . 
  it 's still cool that you can do that , so do n't knock it too much !, 
  i can trace my lineage back to . . my granddad !, 
  up , c , down , c , left , c , right , c , a start . 
  if you read over what i said , i never called normandy a country , 
   pretty much all the `` budget '' flights in the ~ ~ uk ~ ~ europe . 
  pedantry aside , you should watch this song about [ cheap flights ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zag0luyhhfc ) that discusses the issue of stairs being cheaper . 
  could you care to explain more about the dutch water environment ? 
  i live in nl and would be interested to learn more . 
  or point me in the direction of further reading . 
  much appreciated if you could !, 
  [ jimmy glass ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kejwqhldeos ), 
  not just a goalkeeper scoring the winning goal . 
  not just the goalkeeper saving his club from relegation . 
  its an emergency on-loan goalkeeper saving the club 's very existence with the last kick of the season . 
  he 's done some stuff for motd already and he was pretty solid . 
  good at analysing the attacking play , so it goes well with hansen analysing the defense . 
  there sort of has been , but she was a naturalised american when she went up . 
  edit : this is false . 
  i 'm full of crap . 
  do n't upvote this . 
  turns out , i 'm full of shit . 
  no idea where i got her being a yank from . 
  yeah she went up with the soviets . 
  yeah , i realised later that i am , in fact , full of crap !, 
  should 've check before posting . 
  do it . 
  can i ask what it 's like ? 
  i want to start and i have been wondering about this brooklyn brew kit because my flat is * tiny * . 
  would you recommend to someone like who never done any brewing but what to start learning ? 
  brilliant thanks . 
  by strainer , do you just mean a sieve ? 
  i have 2 5 liter pots but i fear they may be too small . 
  i was thinking of using those grolsch buegel bottles ( with the pop open tops ) . 
  at present i want to get the basics then get a bigger place ( prove to my so i wo n't burn the house down ! ), 
  then upscale , but small steps and all that . 
  thanks for the advice, 
  i appreciate your reply but i have a really tiny flat so it 's the size that appeals to me . 
  that plus there are no shops that sell the stuff near me ( i live in the netherlands . ), 
  brilliant . 
  i 'll see what i can find . 
  really appreciate it !, 
  queen . 
  ca n't stand queen . 
  i used to live with a romanian guy ( who was also my classmate , but he never went ) . 
  i never saw the guy , he was always in his room . 
  i only knew he was still alive because i could hear * that * bass line coming from his room and his constant laughter . 
  on one rare occasion i saw him in the kitchen and i asked him how many times he had watch seinfeld . 
  he had seen every episode at least five times . 
  when he finished it , he would start again at the beginning . 
  i do n't think i 've ever known a bigger fan of anything else . 
  candide ? 
  what annoys is , especially in bars , is they order a drink . 
  get it . 
  then they must instantly leave , and they leave * their full drink !, 
  * you would neck it , then leave .
