  like me . 
  i was amazed when i learnt just fontaine scored 13 * in * * one * * world * * cup *, 
  cheetos . 
  in fairness they got to the final in 96 . 
  allegations that the italian were doing in that game . 
  we will never know . 
  was reading bergkamps auto biography recently . 
  cruyff said that ajax are the 1995 club . 
  they began to sit on that success . 
  they were producing technically capable players but no one who could think and improvise like dennis or zalatan . 
  that 's why he launched a coup to take over . 
  the dutch league is n't strong enough to keep players for to long . 
  money will take them away . 
  but ajax should produce great players . 
  for ajax . 
  for the netherlands . 
  for football . 
  brilliant read . 
  it 's a reference to their colour . 
  not their delicious cheesiness . 
  we can . 
  missed the game so ca n't judge . 
  but i heard england were generally bad so you ca n't blame a striker for not scoring of he has no service . 
  anyway . 
  you know what i meant . 
  with that flair i do n't need to go through his playing history with you . 
  thanks, 
  haha no worries . 
  i blame my flair . 
  someone mentioned microchip s. not sure how it would work though . 
  no matches are insignificant in the world cup . 
  they all matter . 
  to someone . 
  the answer is clear . 
  lots of laser scanners . 
  get rid of flags . 
  assistant refs get check out scanners, 
  #kiwi shakes fist at long white cloud, 
  essentially . 
  but i never did that with my club in england growing up . 
  little bit at school . 
  agreed, 
  15 % lead, 
  only if the competition was free to enter though . 
  also frees him up for last 16 and potentially the quarter final . 
  quite smart in that respect . 
  he was speaking of the immense pride the english have in the eu , of which brussels is the main city . 
  i think his brother is also in the squad . 
  t. hazard, 
  was he in the initial 30 ? 
  i forget i have this flair !, 
  but yeah it 's a joke . 
  ( i was raised in england ), 
  yeah . 
  someone else said that his bro was in the reserves but did n't make final squad . 
  i assume that 's why he has the initial . 
  you did what you had to do . 
  no excuse for these two . 
  just awful, 
  ah the capello way : be shit in first two games . 
  scrape through . 
  lose to germany in last 16, 
  man i was interning at an embassy in the hague at the time it entered into service . 
  all that was reported back was that story . 
  clusterfuck . 
  same, 
  back ? 
  they 've never been . 
  have you ever been on the screen ? 
  i always told myself i would never go mad if i got on . 
  then i got on . 
  i went mental . 
  or a tiger v a desert fox . 
  mr darcy is from there . 
  or at least pemberton is there . 
  looks lovely . 
  well that 's wrong . 
  was n't the first animal in space a fly ? 
  but i presume you are referring to laika the dog ? 
  edit : spelling of laika . 
  also the dog was the first animal in orbit so we are both right !, 
  oddly , i found argentines to be good queuers . 
  not brilliant . 
  but good nonetheless . 
  maybe that is their real reason for wanting the falklands : they just want to learn our queuing habits . 
  in nl they are crap at queuing ( three desks ; three queues . ), 
  i have had to adopt dutch bluntness to deal with this :, 
  translation : excuse me . 
  yes excuse me good sir . 
  i think you will find there is , in fact , a queue . 
  sorry to bother you . 
  but what about applying to get your birth certificate ? 
  i recently sent off for a copy of mine . 
  # 9.95 apparently https://www.gov.uk/order-copy-birth-death-marriage-certificate, 
  a player playing for barrow afc was caught on camera in an fa cup game punching an opposition player . 
  he was sent to prison . 
  this was * very * low league football . 
  the same should apply to the world cup . 
  headers and volleys, 
  that last bit .
