  i was going to be the assistant to god - whoever that is . 
  and i did n't even mention the best part : it was pretty close to me , even if it was in swindon . 
  i arrived at the office on a non-descript industrial estate just outside swindon and parked my car outside the building that was listed on the info package i had received a few days before . 
  the building was brown and pebble-dashed , which is about as nice as i can make it sound . 
  i bet it has those old brown chairs too , i thought to myself . 
  my enthusiasm of the days prior was quickly disappearing into brown dullness of the buildings facade . 
  i hoped it would be better inside , and quickly gathered my thing to rush inside . 
  the lobby was bright . 
  bright fluorescent lights beamed down from above but not a single one was flickering , which was a positive sign . 
  the walls were white-washed and the floor was lined with white tiles . 
  all of them were spotless . 
  my enthusiasm was returning : this place took pride in its appearance . 
  a door on the far side of the lobby opened and a woman walked out and straight over the me with purpose . 
  she was wearing pant suit and had her hair tied back . 
  the word that sprang to mind was powerful . 
  `` yes ? '', 
  she asked , in a kind , yet demanding way . 
  `` i 'm peter . 
  i 'm the new intern . '', 
  `` of course you are . 
  come with me please . '', 
  she took me through the door and into an open planned office . 
  it was n't large by any means , but it still had about twenty employees sitting at desks , with a few desks to spare . 
  on the far side of the room there was an elevator . 
  it had no buttons . 
  the woman took me to a desk near the lift and told me to sit as she turned on the computer and pulled a folder out of the desk drawer . 
  i did as told and was happy to see that the chair was a fairly modern ergonomic desk chair . 
  here is your contract . 
  you will be with us for five months . 
  sign here that you accept the terms of the contract : its all just the usual stuff . 
  feel free to sign it once you have read it and bring over to simon over there in the corner , he 's the one with two screens . 
  one you 've done that , we 'll sit down to discuss what you 'll be doing . 
  questions ? '', 
  `` yes , '' i said . 
  now was my chance to find out how to pronounce my bosses name . 
  `` how to i pronounce the man 's name ? '', 
  `` man ? '', 
  she let out a small chuckle . 
  a nearby colleague smiled . 
  `` apologies peter , but god is no man . 
  he is an omnipotent being , void of gender or any earthly body . 
  he is the creator of all things . '', 
  `` god ? 
  as in the god ? 
  the man upstairs , god ? '', 
  i was astounded . 
  `` yes . 
  that 's what i said . '', 
  her smile remained , but she was becoming irritated . 
  `` this was all in the information pack , peter . 
  i would have thought you had read it . '', 
  `` of course . 
  i , erm , just wanted to make sure . '', 
  i may have spent too long gloating over getting a job , to properly prepare for my role . 
  i was feeling sheepish . 
  `` good . '', 
  she walked off . 
  leaving me to read my contract . 
  jesus christ , i thought . 
  yes and no . 
  12a exists in the cinema , but the 12 exists for retail :, 
  * the 12a requires an adult to accompany any child under 12 seeing a 12a film at the cinema . 
  this is enforced by cinema staff and a cinema may lose its license if adult accompaniment is not enforced for children under 12 admitted to a 12a film . 
  accompanied viewing can not be enforced in the home , so the 12 certificate remains for dvd/blu-ray , rather than the 12a . 
  the 12 is also a simpler system for retailers . 
  it means they can not sell or rent the item unless the customer is over the age of 12 . 
  source : [ bbfc ] ( http://www.bbfc.co.uk/what-classification/12a-and-12 ), 
  saw a video . 
  they asked him to stand up . 
  he said no . 
  two cops then pick him up , lay him down , and arrest him . 
  only bit of resistance i could see !, 
  he does n't even struggle . 
  with his weak foot, 
  my so just rewatched all of this . 
  apparently the original writers stopped after the penultimate season and the producer wrote the last one . 
  the original writer said it was not what she would have written . 
  i watched some episodes and the writing in the last season was awful . 
  the characters were not themselves and drama was created for the sake of it . 
  burger bar finest - burger bar , amsterdam, 
  not op but wat is there to say ? 
  i used to play in the 12th tier of english football . 
  by which i mean i played for my local amateur club and that was the league they were in !, 
  well , nietzsche 's sister was a nazi and she twisted his work after he died into making fit with nazi ideology , such as the \u00fcbermensch . 
  so , i think it 's fair to say he probably would have hated his sister . 
  nice stadium . 
  did n't care for the pepper spray though when i was there . 
  2011/2012 season . 
  relegated you and promoted frankfurt . 
  but lovely stadium !, 
  no , the germans were doping . 
  jeez , it 's like you know nothing !, 
  just to add to this : / r/rugbytraining can help with strength and cardio workouts that are beneficial to rugby . 
  also , [ i use this strength training workout ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=souaoynwcke ) , just adjust the weights to your level and work from there . 
  well if you use britain as an example : their ~ ~ doomsday ~ ~ domesday device was a book and they have n't been invaded since 1066 !, 
  edit : til how to spell domesday book . 
  honestly , i had no idea it was spelt like that , so thanks . 
  maybe i had seen it spelt correctly but my brain just did n't register . 
  1858 - the big stink . 
  finally persuaded parliament to finance the building of a new sewer system in london .
