  let me through !, 
  well , no it was n't their fault . 
  ultimately : my fault !, 
  should have given myself more time . 
  also , i should have had travel insurance . 
  so what did i learn ? 
  get travel insurance . 
  in db 's defence , i once missed a db train due to an ns cancellation and db refunded the ticket , even though they were not at fault . 
  edit : i guess i 'll actually try and give some advice . 
  be nice to lufthansa and they may try and help you out . 
  when i missed my ryanair flight i was charged a `` missed flight '' fee to get on the next flight . 
  it was 100 $ , but it was still cheaper than buying a new ticket . 
  the flight was the next day . 
  there are a couple of lufthansa flights this afternoon to cph . 
  try and get on those . 
  it may cost you a bit extra . 
  but be nice !, 
  she lived in the city i live in during the war !, 
  there is freaky bust of her . 
  three things you should never miss :, 
  hatches , matches , and dispatches . 
  tuned in to see fireworks and now zwolle are ahead ?!, 
  i do n't understand what is happening . 
  this is great !, 
  and vitesse . 
  never mind . 
  collini 's last ever match after he was allowed to postpone retirement and made some very strange calls . 
  if coleman was english or spanish or german or even scandinavian he would have cost a lot more . 
  i think everton paid 30k for him but that is the nature of the irish league . 
  the clubs run on tiny budgets so have no bargaining power to resist such small bids . 
  yeah . 
  about that . 
  could you lose ? 
  we do n't want to leave league one the wrong way !, 
  so do bvb , who have often said he is most important person at the club . 
  they can deal with players leaving , but not klopp . 
  i doubt klopp would take the job : he would need time to build the team and united 's board have just shown they do n't like to give managers time . 
  lewandowski is leaving this summer . 
  signed a pre contract in january with bayern . 
  klopp recently categorically denied joining barcelona recently ( although promises in football do n't mean a whole lot ) . 
  he could make a great team with united , of course . 
  i just do n't think he will leave bvb soon . 
  personally i could see him joining arsenal before united : great fan base , good youth set up , team has n't won anything for a while . 
  similar to bvb when he took over ( except bvb were closer to the bottom ) . 
  of course arsene would have to leave , which does n't seem likely any time soon !, 
  anyway , the impression i get of klopp is that he wo n't be leaving soon ( from watching german highlights and interviews . ), 
  also his contract is until 2018 . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , just giving my thoughts . 
  i suppose for disclosure i should say i really like bvb since i do n't live anywhere near carlisle anymore and i really really hope he stays !, 
  that aside , i could see him wanting to beat bayern to the title again since they just had two amazing seasons . 
  i could see him leaving if he does that ( or fails to ) . 
  he would be good at united though , i do agree . 
  just for what it 's worth : http://www.theguardian.com/football/2014/apr/22/jurgen-klopp-job-manchester-united-moyes-borussia-dortmund?cmp=twt_gu, 
  and i do n't mean this in anyway as `` in your face , haha '' . 
  no , just thought you would find it interesting . 
  he would be good at united , though . 
  maybe in the future . 
  my irish dad makes a killer roast and when i visit home i always know i 'm going to wake up to an ulster fry and/or soda bread . 
  much better than my canadian step-mum : `` the stale cheerios are in the cupboard . '', 
  velocipede, 
  so i 'm guessing this is amsterdam as a quick wiki tells me that 's where chowhound dropped the food ( live in nl and never heard of this ) . 
  but wiki also tells me that chowhound was in may 1945 , so almost a full year after d-day , which makes sense : why would they deliver food to the netherlands before they had liberated it ? 
  the food would only reach the enemy . 
  you may want to check your dates . 
  really nice story though , thanks for sharing !, 
  fully aware of all the history surrounding operation market garden , the * hongerwinter * and the history of the netherlands in general ( i studied history and i live in arnhem , as well as having lived in maastricht . ), 
  but all of what you said happened after d-day , my query was that op said it happened before , specifically operation chowhound . 
  i am not disputing anything op said , maybe there was another operation , which is highly possible considering the amount of pre-1944 american graves in margarten ( outside maastricht ) . 
  ok , so food was delivered whilst still under german occupation . 
  i have said this elsewhere : i am not disputing op 's grandfather 's actions . 
  just op said it happened before d-day !, 
  the operation op mentioned happened almost a year after d-day . 
  perhaps there was another operation that was n't mentioned . 
  just wondering if this was the case , or maybe op the dates mixed up . 
  i have no doubt over the authenticity of the story . 
  i have seen how the dutch treat the british veterans , young and old dutch alike and it is with nothing but with the utmost gratitude and respect . 
  did n't he also want to bring zidane to blackburn before he was big and the chairman said `` why would we need him ? 
  we have tim sherwood . '', 
  do n't often see that one . 
  my parents got married in that church !, 
  and my grand-parents funerals were in there too . 
  for what it 's worth , as an irishman i agree with you . 
  otherwise you end up with judean people 's front/peoples front of judea situation . 
  that seems to come the idea of informal empire . 
  it happened in the thirteen colonies after the war of independence ( for a time , obviously not now ) , and it 's what was done down in south america - control the trade . 
  a lot cheaper to control the trade than to try and control a population . 
  i have heavily simplified this . 
  [ here is a wiki article on it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informal_empire ) and [ here is a scholarly article on the theory ] ( http://kops.ub.uni-konstanz.de/bitstream/handle/urn:nbn:de:bsz:352-opus-83621/josemi.pdf?sequence=1 ), 
  i had one recently . 
  in germany . 
  hope that helps . 
  would n't you just translate as * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * as secular ? 
  it 's how i 've always understood the meaning and it 's how native french have always explained to me , unless they are oversimplifying the meaning for me and omitting subtle meanings behind the word . 
  `` i am only brave when i have to be '' - mufasah, 
  well , yes . 
  but i was just going for the idea rather than correct grammar . 
  ah i remember that . 
  the perfect start . 
  also , the peak of our world cup performance . 
  all went down hill after that .
