  nevermind that , what about the traveller in antiquity who wanted to go to thebes . 
  there is one in greece and egypt , and i think there was one in asia minor back then too !, 
  there was an article in british paper once saying how people have wanted to to san diego and ended up in santiago , and a british solider , travelling to lisburn , northern ireland , ended up in lisbon , portugal !, 
  their national anthem also shares the tune of the british national anthem . 
  ed balls is only 5 ' 11 '', 
  edit : i meant ed balls !, 
  i meant ed balls is only 5 ' 11 '' . 
  ah well . 
  anyone at nuig in 2010 ? 
  there was two articles published in the sin ( student newspaper ) , the first called how to get the shift and the second how to get from [ the shift the to the ride ] ( http://issuu.com/fuzzfuzz/docs/sin12_2_lowres ) sin volume 12 issue 2 page 7 ( there is even a letter from me in that issue !, 
  anyway , the article was artocious , demeaning and generally horrid . 
  it launched a shitstorm at nuig . 
  iirc , there were calls to shut down the paper . 
  [ the following issue ] ( http://issuu.com/fuzzfuzz/docs/sin12_3lowres ) ( page 5 ) had a letter from a load of the professors calling the article `` sexist and mysoginistic '' and criticised the editors . 
  i can see why people would think there was rape implied in the above , and i would n't be surprised to see similar blowback on it publication . 
  why hello , st bernadus abt . 
  lovely beer . 
  there are those who say it is even better than the ` best beer in the world ' westvleteren 12 !, 
  is your username related to boo radley 's by any chance ? 
  ah , yet to read it . 
  anyway , editing what you said is unacceptable . 
  why print it at all ? 
  to be miss represented is not on . 
  so bloody windy at holker street he does n't have much choice . 
  benitez came close : finished on 86 , to man utd 's 90 , while last year city got 86 and liverpool got 84 , and benitez only lost two games !, 
  sorry , i have been to isle of grain a couple of times and that place was desolate and grim . 
  i will give you the benefit of the doubt though , because it was the isle of grain ... 
  here in the netherlands there are various types of railcard you can purchase . 
  i pay 50 $ a year for my railcard , which anyone can get , not just a certain age group , and this gives me a 40 % discount for myself and three companions at anytime outside of rush hour ( 0630-0900 ; 1630-1800 weekdays ) . 
  fantastic deal really , even if you only use the train a couple of times a year !, 
  i do n't see why something similar could n't be introduced to the uk network . 
  they are called a ` trap ' for good reason . 
  i was at their play-off `` final '' second leg last season when they beat sparta 3-1 ( 5-3 on agg ) . 
  great game for me , a neutral . 
  not great for my sparta mad friend !, 
  game had everything : beer , red card , missed penalty , goal from miles out as the keeper went up for an equaliser , sun . 
  poor dog !, 
  but great stuff . 
  no matter the weather , the lakes are always stunning, 
  point of fact : it was in the netherlands . 
  no idea where in the country though . 
  see you there . 
  we 'll be their lucky fans . 
  we 'll be there to welcome you . 
  hurry up !, 
  yeah , but he 's out of contract in the summer . 
  i suffer from it . 
  ha , jokes on them !, 
  i only ever played 1st team !, 
  i mean , we only ever had one team , but that is beside the point ... 
  there is a real risk of this being misinterpreted so i 'm going to preface my comment by saying that american entry into the war was of massive help to the allies both in term of morale and in term of material , which contributed greatly into a german defeat . 
  however , did n't the first american troops only reach the front line in spring 1918 ? 
  of course that is still over half a year of trench warfare that they had to deal with so not shooting anyone is impressive , but way to go australia !, 
  mine is $ 13.50 a week !!!, 
  work pays half at least . 
  i would choose another , but it 's literally 10 seconds from my front door . 
  i 've seen a big group of swine in arnhem !, 
  took a photo of them if anyone is interested, 
  that game was brilliant !, 
  at 2-2 one of mates just said '' sod this . 
  toilet '' . 
  my other said `` if hamburg score noe , this place will go mental '' . 
  no sooner had he said those words , hamburg scored . 
  as you know , the place went mental . 
  i recently traded my uk licence for a dutch one and i do n't recall any paper to go with the plastic . 
  hey !, 
  i once took them to 6th in the bundesliga !, 
  had the mighty milan baros on loan , playing the classic 3-1-2-1-3 formation . 
  6th three years in a row !, 
  then they sacked me and won the league . 
  was n't even mad . 
  why ? 
  i 'm in barrow and furness and trident is a major part of the local economy . 
  i want new trident . 
  not for any grand geopolitical reasons , but because i want highly skilled local jobs . 
  `` but the conservatives also want trident ! '', 
  yup , but since i live in the netherlands , i would very much like the uk to remain in the eu . 
  still waiting i think ( been away a few days ) . 
  an overseas territory is not part of the uk . 
  if canada invaded st pierre et miquelon they would n't be invading france . 
  so there was plenty of wind !, 
  lazy belgian nazy ... 
  `` who do you support ? '', 
  `` lol , who ? 
  what league are they in ?!, 
  i mean who is you premier league club . '', 
  `` i do n't have a premier league club : i support carlisle . '', 
  - conversation i have had with people while travelling . 
  but why is tenth surprising ? 
  or did you expect them to go straight back down ? 
  honestly ? 
  i did expect us to be at least challenging for the play-offs this season following our relegation last season from league one , instead we got a relegation battle . 
  thankfully , we 're safe before the last game of season , even if i do want to see a barrow v carlisle league match . 
  our manager did say that there were a lot of players who did n't seem to care about playing for the club , so perhaps that played a large factor and if it is the case , i trust he 'll get rid of them in the summer . 
  nah just do what i did when ireland played france ( i 'm french irish ) : i wore both shirts , ireland under the french one because the irish one is a pain to get off , and when someone scored i just took off/put on accordingly and pissed off everyone in the pub !, 
   integrate, 
  building one subsea hvdc cable is not the same as integration . 
  for one thing it 's business model requires there to be a price difference between the two markets to make any money , which is required for maintenance costs that are quite high due to the age of the thing . 
  it has a lot of outages . 
  creating a single energy market where a trip in spain can be almost instantaneously restored using restoration power from poland is integration and could only be done on a eu level .
