  so i agree with you . 
  well he did rip out the tracking beacon in it 's skin , camoflage itself nearby and then attack all the acts . 
  that could be argued to be smart . 
  or it thought : `` this thing bloody hurts . '', 
  and rips it out then sees a load of people arrive `` imma gon na hide '' . 
  so i agree with you . 
  bret : mm , if a friend of yours puts a wig on you when he 's lonely , pretends you 're a woman , is that gay ? 
  1986 bowie : he was pretending you 're a woman ? 
  no , that 's not gay . 
  bret : are you sure ? 
  bowie : totally fine . 
  i moved to berlin in 2006 to be there for the fifa world cup ^ ^ tm . 
  i did n't really speak german but i managed to get a job cleaning dishes at a beer garden . 
  it was pretty shitty work but the worst part of it was having to go around the quite large beer garden twice a week and pick up cigarette butts from the gravel . 
  that sucked as it was consistently about 30 ^ ^ o c. 
  still i got to live in berlin for a month during the world cup , so that was awesome . 
  i also worked at mcdonald 's . 
  that was a great job compared to the germany one . 
  i took the full garbage bag out of the bin in my flat and took it down the street the the bin . 
  the street bin was one where you had to have a card to unlock it and then you open the lid , put the bag in the cylinder area , close it , and the bag falls into a big pit below . 
  the bag was tied shut . 
  the next day , the bin bag was outside my front door . 
  he has n't been a proper companion so i think it still counts , but i would love to see strax as a companion for the season . 
  having a soldier as a companion to the doctor who wo n't use guns would be an interesting dynamic . 
  anything over a season though and strax would get tiresome , but he is bloody hilarious . 
  do you know which tournament this was then ? 
  or even where the tournament was ? 
  very same one . 
  the bag was slightly ripped and i recognised some of the stuff inside it . 
  really odd . 
  really freaked my so when i told her . 
  also , nice puns . 
  ah good . 
  i always enjoy this thread . 
  breaks up the monotony of friday . 
  lovely day here in the netherlands . 
  terrace beers this evening i think . 
  ah i remember my first 11-a-side after years out . 
  got totally owned . 
  i stick to rugby now . 
  bbq, 
  read in the park, 
  drink in the sun, 
  wear sunscreen , loose clothing , keep well hydrated . 
  stay out of the sun between 12 and 3 . 
  ahem . 
  i 've been there while i was an intern in den haag . 
  loads of really interesting stuff going on . 
  i hope you get it !, 
  i felt the same way when i got my internship but i really would do it first tbh . 
  there is more to it than just looking good on your cv . 
  i guarantee that you 'll find it super interesting , and you 'll still be able to finish your thesis . 
  i was at one of the many embassies . 
  i lived in arnhem and commuted every day . 
  1.5 hours every morning september - february !, 
  including a sprint change at utrecht . 
  think i spent more on transport than i actually got paid . 
  had to get home and work in a pub each night to make ends meet !, 
  my day was :, 
  6h30 get up, 
  7h30 get train . 
  9h15 arrive at work, 
  17h30 get train home . 
  20h00 work in pub . 
  12h30 sleep . 
  but now i have a great paying job in arnhem , so it was worth it in the long run . 
  i realise now the above comes across as one-up-manship and it was n't meant to !, 
  my point was that it took all my free time too , but in the long run i ended up with more free time ( i get 40 days annual leave !, 
  plus public holidays ) . 
  bah , i owe him $ 200 !, 
  lucky, 
  [ this is the first thing i thought of when i saw this ] ( https://youtu.be/memizujspsa?t=10 ), 
  fantasia - china dance , from tchaikovsky 's nutcracker ballet . 
  experienced 42 once in melbourne . 
  i was also hungover . 
  one of the worst experiences of my life . 
  [ spoilers : question about the ending ] ( #s `` why the flying fuck did she not get cleaned up at the hospital ?!, 
  why did the doctors think '' i bet she 's totally fine in being covered in someone elses blood . '' ), 
  edit : the question is behind a link . 
  i put a spoiler tag on that apparently created a link to continue the thread on another page . 
  the question is behind a link . 
  i put a spoiler tag on that apparently created a link to continue the thread on another page . 
  sorry , i did it wrong !, 
  mouse over the word spoiler and you 'll see it . 
  i hope, 
  all about bay radio . 
  `` we only play anything over twenty years old '', 
  pretty much , yeah, 
  if you look at famine areas in history , and the expansion of the railway , you see a pattern where there are no famines where there is a railway : famine relief can get there quickly . 
  i 've honestly forgotten which historian discusses this and you could argue causation =\\ = correlation , but it 's certainly an interesting thought . 
  west coast ireland was one of the worst hit parts of the famine . 
  they had no railway yet . 
  technology did play a part in the irish famine : clipper ships were a recent development at the time . 
  they were much faster that traditional sailing vessels . 
  it is believed was brought over on ships as infected crops did n't develop symptoms in the ships before being offloaded and then spreading through the single strain . 
  on traditional ships they would have seen signs of it and discarded infected crops . 
  my memory of this particular subject is hazy but i did study it in an appropriate place : galway . 
  in no way trying to get the british off the hook !, 
  just wanted to provide an element i found interesting to the discussion . 
  in fairness , i think i was in sixth form when i learnt what alumni was .
