  wait ... 
  they 're not bad at curling or tennis, 
  mate , i had a pizza last week and it was awful . 
  oily . 
  undercooked . 
  bad flavours . 
  worst pizza ever . 
  i 'm from cumbria . 
  i also have a french passport . 
  apparently , cumbria is too long for the french . 
  i was born , according to my passport , in comt\u00e9 de cum . 
  gretna was one i knew of so i was questioning myself . 
  thanks for posting this though . 
  i guess , and it is a guess , that having cross border teams is not an issue for fifa then , bit rather their issue is with cross border leagues . 
  so a british league would n't fly , but celtic in england ? 
  i guess that would be allowed by fifa , if not by either fa, 
  did that to my mates vw camper . 
  paid for the damage and apologised profusely . 
  phil mackenzie ( canadian international who plays for sale sharks ) did an ama over on / r/fitness recently . 
  his blog http://philmackenzie.com has a routine that should suit you . 
  no gym required !, 
  it 's hiit, 
  i would also recommend sprint training . 
  how do you get copper wire ? 
  give a penny to two scots, 
  - a joke an hungarian told me recently . 
  both right . 
  depends on your accent . 
  that 's why i said both are correct . 
  soft h is acceptable . 
  i say ` ungarian . 
  it 's a word i use a lot . 
  i also say a hungry person . 
  english allows for this flexibility as it is not a phonetic language ( unlike hungarian ) . 
  thought and though have the same first 6 letters , yet are pronounce differently . 
  so hungarian and hungry can be too . 
  yeah i learnt it recently over in / r/europe . 
  had no idea . 
  my so is hungarian so i asked my father in law about it . 
  apparently it 's because of the scottish stereotype of being tightfisted with money . 
  still weird for hungarians to single out the scots !, 
  the snake that is an adder used to be called a nadder . 
  i 'm not saying a hungarian is wrong . 
  but neither is an hungarian . 
  both are correct . 
  accent pronunciation does not mean something is wrong . 
  so i can and i will continue do use an hungarian . 
  if this offends you , so be it . 
  well canada was in the war from 4 august 1914 ... 
  i grew up in england but my dad is irish and studied in ucg . 
  when i did n't get my first choice british uni i just wanted thought `` fuck it , i 'll apply to nuig . 
  got in ( although it was arts , so harder not to get in , haha ) . 
  best bloody decision of my life . 
  fantastic three years . 
  my parents even met there !, 
  my mum was a french teacher at the french faculty and some of the staff remembered her , which was amazing to me as she passed when i was 8 . 
  man i miss that place . 
  need to go back, 
  choc chill !!!!, 
  brilliant . 
  doing vancouver to san francisco next year ( san francisco part is for a wedding ) and plan to stop in portland and seattle . 
  shall be my first us trip . 
  only time i 've ever bothered to buy something in an airport was when i was on my way to finland . 
  i knew booze there would be a bit pricier and they had a deal on 2 litres of gin ( or rum ) for 30 $ . 
  bought it for the trip ( going to see mates , we were students . ), 
  70cl of gin of finland was 27 $ . 
  so cheaper !, 
  but other than that , i have never seen it to be a good deal . 
  no way are we coming last !, 
  not a chance . 
  solid mid table i say . 
  that is all the prediction i have . 
  you never sang hitler only got one ball at school ?? 
  playground staple . 
  my older brother is 175 while i am 195 . 
  i call him small , for obvious reasons . 
  he gets annoyed and protests he is average uk male height . 
  he must have a napoleon complex ... 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  anyway, 
  my older brother is the oldest . 
  according to wikipedia , the oldest child are generally the smallest , but this could be due to socio-economic reasons . 
  spitting image of my dad . 
  i look more like me mum, 
  i would n't call it a nursery rhyme as that implies it was sung to children !, 
  i know they could be grim , but not about testicles !, 
  sounds more like a pub song , or a soldiers song . 
  no source , just thinking aloud . 
  edit : i mean you would n't sing it to a baby . 
  i sang it a lot when i was 8ish, 
  possibly to go private and get more specialist care ? 
  while i believe that to be true , the match still went to penalties and ( iirc ) sonny was not a normal penalty taker , so there was still at least an opportunity for ajax to win !, 
  [ what about in this role ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwrinmm1aci ), 
  they are different . 
  i did my ba at an irish uni and an ma at a dutch uni . 
  the irish had the traditional lectures and tutorials , while the dutch uni was all about problem-based uni . 
  did i find there being a difference between the two when going to the job market ? 
  i have no idea to be honest : no one ever commented on the fact . 
  but i certainly used the different method of teaching as a selling point for myself .
