  verrine remain standing and was furious . 
  when the imp at first arrived in his office , he was annoyed by the disturbance , but now his was faced with treason . 
  his own princes were rebelling !, 
  what ideas could this condemned man be spreading that could turn his own princes ? 
  of course , olivier , luvart , and verrier were lowly princes , but this was outrageous . 
  he knew he could speak to lucifer , his superior , but he , verrine , had be charged with controlling admittance to hell , and this would not look well . 
  he would have to go to the docks . 
  verrine strode out of his office and was met instantly with an uproar coming from the other side of the gates . 
  he could hear no specific words , but he knew enough about man and anger to hear it in a crowd . 
  he smiled . 
  only berith dealt with anger better than verrine . 
  verrine was in his element . 
  he climbed the steps behind the gate so he could get the best platform to bellow at these condemned . 
  from atop the gate he could see their numbers . 
  not so many , perhaps a couple of hundred , an average day . 
  they were all turned away from him , towards the styx , at one man , lenin , who was stood atop one of the jetty posts . 
  perfect , thought verrine , he could be dramatic . 
  ` who dares disturb a prince of hell ? ' roared verrine from his vantage point . 
  ` who dares attack charon , lord of the river ? ', 
  the crowed turned to look at verrine , who cut an imposing figure with his great height . 
  he had spread his wings to create a wider silhouette , to increase the fear and intimidation . 
  ` look at your oppressor ! ' cried the man from the jetty . 
  ` this devil means to enslave you !, 
  he means to exploit your skills , your labour , and your spirit for his own gain . 
  this devil will use all of its power to suppress your right to freedom . ', 
  the crowd jeered . 
  verrine was a little taken back , but he did n't let it show . 
  he would show them his wrath . 
  ` i am no mere devil : i am verrine ; prince of these lands !, 
  your souls are now mine to torture ! ', 
  ` do you hear its words men ? 
  it calls himself a prince !, 
  a prince !, 
  a prince has no right to claim lordship over you !, 
  you are your own lords !, 
  he has no claim to you . 
  we must fight to take control for ourselves . 
  to create common world where we are all equals . ', 
  this was new to verrine and quite annoying . 
  he clenched his teeth . 
  who did this man think he was , to question his authority ; his right to rule these lands ? 
  usually , the new condemned would beg for mercy . 
  usually , they would barter for a second chance . 
  usually , olivier , luvart , or verrier , would deal with them . 
  he scanned for them in the crowd , but could not see them . 
  ` where are my princes ? 
  where is olivier ? ', 
  something was hurled from the crowd straight at verrine , who flinched . 
  the object landed at his feet : a hand . 
  a hand that carried the signet ring that belonged to olivier . 
  verrine snapped . 
  his patience was worn and now this crowd had maimed one of his princes . 
  he turned down the imps manning the gates . 
  ` open them ! ' cried down verrine , who then stormed back down the stairs . 
  he was going to confront this condemned and he was going to hurt him . 
  verrine was going to drag this man and would relish the punishment he was going to inflict upon him . 
  it was straight to the seventh circle with him . 
  but verrine never made it out . 
  as soon as the gates were opened , the condemned rushed in , sweeping verrine with them . 
  they set upon him and he was overwhelmed . 
  they grabbed his mighty arms and legs , several men a limb and they pulled . 
  they had reached such frenzy that these condemned men , murderers , liars , cheats , were tearing apart one of the eight princes of hell limb from limb , wing from wing . 
  other charged on , into the realms . 
  one imp tried to rush to its master 's aid , but disappeared in the stampede . 
  the other stood , safely , in the gatehouse and watched as they ripped apart verrine . 
  a terrible thing , it concluded , but it could not have been expected to help . 
  let the condemned take the first circle , thought the imp , plenty of other crown princes left . 
  edit : some errors . 
  feedback welcome !, 
  4 - communal bathing . 
  i saw in national geographic once if families in the outback showering together while standing in a bucket . 
  they would then use the bucket water for other things , like laundry/the toilet . 
  this was not penny pinching but preserving what little water they had . 
  really interesting and well written piece . 
  had no idea he played in the us briefly, 
  defender was in the wrong position . 
  not your fault . 
  i also did this once, 
  there is a bust of audrey in arnhem . 
  she studied there at the conservatory and spent a good part of ww2 there . 
  the bust is a bit scary looking . 
   dragged over hot coals, 
  man , our parliament really is very big on tradition !, 
  i like the fact that a defenestration caused a war once . 
  although i was at a party once that we since call `` the night of the defenestration '' because a girl fell out of the first floor window and got stuck between two buildings with a broken hip . 
  party was not fun after that . 
  i had a kick about with some guys from the office last night and one of them went right through me leaving me with a massive dead leg . 
  hurts like hell still . 
  got a nice big limp . 
  well annoyed . 
  i 'll probably have to sit out of my rugby match on sunday now . 
  we 're playing bottom of the league at home too !, 
  i might have scored my first try . 
  i recently got a british passport . 
  i already have an eu passport . 
  only got it because i could . 
  carlisle v hartlepool , clearly . 
  we even voted in it . 
  to make it official, 
  finland and sweden .
