  hopefully , england will build on this for euro 2016 , where the temperature certainly will not be against them . 
  quarter finals should be the target there , but not the be all and end all . 
  the ultimate goal should be to play the same verve of football they showed against italy or a more consistent basis . 
  i know , i know . 
  but i will imagine it how i want to : she was actually called jane and had been kidnapped by viscount greystoke . 
  * bow wow chikka wow wow *, 
  actually that 's water polo . 
  flight of the con chords told me, 
  from what i just read they are selling shares but no one can own more than 2 % so xabi alonso who was there on loan in 2001 ca n't even write a big cheque . 
  how does one go about helping out ? 
  depends how you look at it . 
  yes he got a shitty team relegated . 
  he kept a shitty team from inevitably getting relegated for several seasons and won the fa cup with said team . 
  on the next page press the british flag . 
  on payment page, 
  trajeta no = card number, 
  expiration mes = month ano = year, 
  ccv2 = well you should know this !, 
  security number on back of card . 
  oooh . 
  yeah i see what you mean now . 
  my bad . 
  personally , and i do not speak for all brits , if its smaller than an inch i use metric . 
  and it 's free . 
  the british embassy uses british plug sockets and it 's not because it is ` british territory ' , rather everything is procured from the uk for every embassy for standardisation so every british embassy in the world will have british plug sockets . 
  no idea about that , but i would assume they have a self-enclosed system for security in a lot of places . 
  i interned at a european one so it was n't an issue . 
  hmm . 
  i thought cruyff wanted to create brilliant players like himself , davids , seedorf , van basten , bergkamp , etc. 
  to develop them for ajax , for nl , for football . 
  he knows the dutch league ca n't compete financially with the bigger leagues but ajax will create greatness , keep them for a bit then sell them . 
  of course it is important to get good value for these players and then go on and create the next generation of greats . 
  what ? 
  carlisle not at the bottom ?!, 
  * looks at second division *, 
  what on earth does clutch mean ? 
  other than the pedal you push in to change gear . 
  '' i pick the best team . 
  i do n't always pick the best players '' - sir alf ramsay ( paraphrased probably . ), 
  man had his system and chose accordingly . 
  won the world cup . 
  you 're right about managers picking a system and choosing accordingly even if it means dropping the likes of rooney . 
  as annoying as i find eamon dunphy , he is much better than anything on itv ( except oneill ) . 
  miss watching rt\u00c9s cl coverage . 
  haha , yeah . 
  but my point is that if he did n't fit the coach 's plan , then drop him . 
  some players are so good you have to build a team around them though . 
  agassi would n't play wimbledon for a few years because he could n't wear his jean shorts !, 
   in addition to not playing the australian open ( which later became his best grand slam event ) for the first eight years of his career , agassi chose not to play at wimbledon from 1988 through 1990 and publicly stated that he did not wish to play there because of the event 's traditionalism , particularly its `` predominantly white '' dress code to which players at the event are required to conform . 
  literally took me two seconds to go to wikipedia for this . 
  or arrested development referenced him . 
  england go to the tournament and everyone inevitably gets depressed . 
  in ireland , they get to a tournament and they have a party until they come home proud having fought a good fight . 
  what ?!, 
  but what if that does n't happen ? 
  i was n't aware dear leader was so good !, 
  i knew he had skills but damn !, 
  that tricycle kick was ... wow, 
  there you go . 
  edit . 
  the sun tomorrow if score stays the same : brazil hit for six with klose as the batsman, 
  that 's why you wear shin pads m\u00fcller, 
  biggest ever winning margin is 9 . 
  portugal 9-0 ( ca n't remember when or who against ) and hungary 10-1 el salvador ( 1982 ) . 
  i was thinking he should have sent off luiz . 
  glad he did n't !, 
  he liked playing in jeans shorts . 
  christ on a bike it was just a comment about him being a bit different . 
  do n't read so much into it . 
  please go read more and get back to me but i do n't really care . 
  before this the biggest defeat was 6-1, 
  i put it down as an interesting tid bit as something i saw on a documentary once . 
  i do n't care enough to go digging for sources . 
  this is n't / r/ask historians . 
  i took issue with op academic demand for sources on a comment that s did n't warrant it . 
  there is bird cum , there is bird cum , there is bird cuuuuuuuum !, 
  as far as i can see only one country has won two shootouts in consecutive world cup matches : argentina in 1990 . 
  argentina only have 2 so far . 
  i get you now . 
  i read it as you were going to beat this argentina team easily !, 
  good luck !, 
  did you see ~ ~ ivory coast ~ ~ uruguay player earlier in the tournament ? 
  he was determined to get back in despite an obvious concussion . 
  physio tries to stop but then just thinks `` sod it . 
  let him on '' . 
  edit : no idea where i got ivory coast from . 
  op never said british premier league they just said bpl which could mean barclay 's premier league . 
  ah you are right . 
  that is who i was thinking of . 
  do n't know where i got ivory coast from . 
  i think a more pressing point is why is the world cup final on a sunday ? 
  why not put both of these matches on a saturday ? 
  in terms of this world cup from cest :, 
  3rd place 18h, 
  final 21h . 
  both on saturday . 
  much better . 
  edit : just going to head this off before i get more people telling me people have days off on sunday . 
  lot 's of people have saturday off too . 
  it 's a weekend .
