  there is also the argument that vespucii named himself after america . 
  i ca n't locate the source right now , and i do n't think it was widely accepted , but it was an interesting idea . 
  til the jolly rancher story and the dorito story . 
  9am and that 's enough internet for me for one day . 
  especially them foreign ladies . 
  that and ceili . 
  i 've been trying to think of how you could wish for that by closing up all the loopholes :, 
  i wish i could speak , write , read , understand every human earth language that has ever , or will ever exist . 
  i still think a genie would find a way to screw me though . 
  edit for spelling . 
  [ nooooooooooooooo !, 
  ] ( http://nooooooooooooooo.com/ ), 
  aaaye !, 
  reet on marra . 
  aah come from northern england and sometime people caahn ' understand a word aah say . 
  i do say you are rather spot on there with your assessment . 
  personally , i hail from the fair north of england and there are times when people have difficulty in comprehending my accent . 
  iirc american vicks caused alan baxter to lose his men 's slalom bronze medal in salt lake city 2002, 
  yes , that 's his name . 
  i watched off-centre once and there was a long joke made out about the british actor not being circumcised and how disgusting it was and oh how everyone laughed . 
  really did not see why it was such a big deal till i asked a yank about it . 
  i now know its normal over there , but i do n't get why it is . 
  if it happens again , you 'll probably have to lube that thing up !, 
  ratatouille is brilliantly easy and delicious :, 
  you need :, 
  a large pan . 
  biggest you 've got . 
  with a lid . 
  - courgette ,, 
  - onion, 
  - red/green/yellow bell peppers . 
  any of them , a combo , all of them . 
  matter not . 
  i generally try to have at least a red one . 
  - mushrooms ( optional ), 
  -2 tins chopped tomatoes ( or lots of fresh tomatoes , chopped . 
  i use tinned ), 
  - some tomato pur\u00e9e , just to thicken it up at the end . 
  - bit of olive oil, 
  -1 / 2 cloves garlic ( unless you dislike garlic ) , basil , laurel ( bay ) leaves , salt pepper , to taste . 
  dice all your vegetables . 
  i like them chunky ( except the onions ) , so you have some thing to get your teeth into . 
  heat up the olive oil in the pan over a medium-high heat . 
  brown the onions and the garlic ( crushed , or very finely chopped ) . 
  reduce to medium heat . 
  add the courgette , aubergine , and pepper ( s ) . 
  stir to make sure nothing burns and cook them for about 10 mins . 
  add the mushroom and cook for around 5 minutes ( till the mushroom have shrunk ) . 
  add the 2 tins of chopped tomatoes , and the herbs , salt and pepper . 
  reduce to a low heat and cover . 
  let simmer for a long time . 
  at least half an hour . 
  i prefer an hour . 
  check it and occasionally , and taste the sauce if it is saltly enough etc for you . 
  after an hour , it is ready to serve with what ever you fancy : rice , pasta . 
  heck , you can even just have it on its own , but i prefer it with rice myself . 
  it also works well as a side dish . 
  you can also play around and add all sorts of different vegetables herbs and spices to this , just keep your base of onion , aubergine , courgette , and bell peppers . 
  [ you 're appalled ? 
  i 'm appalled !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbjfre6iglo ), 
  my first thoughts were `` your parents had a bender ! '', 
  then i realised it was a typo and i was sorely disappointed . 
  that said , it was a really interesting read and it more than made up for it . 
  grapes of wrath . 
  poor grath . 
  he never saw them cumming . 
  it could have been a one time gang rape . 
  there 's always money in a banana stand . 
  answer me these questions three :, 
  one : what is your name ? 
  - my name is vindictive29, 
  two : what is your quest ? 
  - i seek the grail, 
  three : what do you call a human who turns into a wolf ? 
  - a male human or a female human ? 
  i. . . i do n't kno ... aaarggh !, 
  it 's a well known fact * that the reason why australians sound like they do is because the brits got off their boats and were all `` oh , i do say , it is somewhat warm . 
  in faact ... croikey it 's a facking scoortcher ! '', 
  ^ ^ ^ * not ^ ^ ^ actually ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ fact . 
  i came here to say the first part . 
  the official team is gb and ni but we just say team gb because it 's cool ... innit . 
  iirc the italian officers were allowed to wander freely . 
  japanese pows were interred in camps in the desert because they kept trying to escape . 
  the italians , however , seemed relieved they did n't have to fight any more . 
  the accuracy of the last part is iffy as i think i read it in a guide book a few years ago . 
  there was a pow camp in the hamlet of grizedale in the lake district national park in what is today county cumbria . 
  back then the lake district was part of three counties : westmorland , cumberland , and lancashire . 
  grizedale is on the border of westmorland and lancashire . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.bbm.org.uk/grizedalehall.htm ) sums up better the history of the camp . 
  it housed 400 germans , mainly officers . 
  i would walk through it . 
  walk through it with fire !, 
  my mum on my parent 's honeymoon . 
  for the story you should know that they were cycling in scotland and staying in a tent . 
  this took place on a campsite . 
  in the middle of the night my mum started screaming . 
  my dad wakes up and asks , `` what 's wrong ? '', 
  `` what did you do with the body ? '', 
  `` what ? '',
