  really does not take that much research . 
  yeah , that is what i 'm taking from these pictures . 
  also , i 'm moving these onions . 
  agreed . 
  balls of steel . 
  a beer can that can be self cooling , without a fridge . 
  miller beat me to it . 
  except when you are one the many 2-lane motorways in germany . 
  those , in an old car are not good : too fast for the trucks on the right hand side , too slow for the mercs and bmws on the left . 
  oh , and if you do n't have a car that accelerates fast enough , you 're gon na have a bad time : ~ ~ slip roads ( entry ramps ? 
  ) ~ ~ on ramps and off ramps are too short . 
  someone mentioned flashcards and these a very very good for learning vocab , and also for learning verb tables . 
  in terms of verb tables , do you have bescherrel ? 
  excellent for verb tables . 
  in terms of flashcards , you can do physical flashcards , or you should download teach2000 . 
  you create your own tests and then you test yourself . 
  really really good . 
  i know interpretors and translators who use the program . 
  protip - do n't make any test more than 20 words , otherwise they take forever . 
  edit : another handy thing to do is when you watch dvds , let 's friends as this the show i have a boxset to . 
  i put on the subtitles in another language , in this case french , but in my case i 'm learning dutch . 
  i watch the show and i read aloud the subtitles . 
  you do n't always have enough time , granted , but if gives you practise in speaking , and in a way actively thinking about how to converse because you think about how it ties in with what the character is saying . 
  you also learn new and interesting words this way . 
  `` on ramps '' does make more sense . 
  i honestly could not think of the correct terminology . 
  thanking you kindly . 
  i totally agree to this . 
  it 's not like richards is really in a position to be a schoolboy bitch on the issue . 
  you could understand ferdinand being annoyed about a standby , or beckham , but i bet they would jump at the chance of a call up ( if you take the whole `` snub '' due to terry scenario out of the equation ) . 
  the overtaking , whilst having to wait is a bitch , is n't so much the problem as the on ramps , because you ca n't get up to speed fast enough . 
  that said , when you have to go from 60 - 70mph in a diesel with no turbo and you 've got a new porsche coming up your arse , you tend to get a little on edge . 
  of course , i could just grow a bigger pair . 
  yeah i 've just been chatting to a mate about this . 
  i 'll leave it how it is for our american friends . 
  in my defence it has been ages since i last drove !, 
  i bought a book called * the undutchables * that mentions this . 
  incidently , i do not recommend this book as it is quite poorly written . 
  everything autofasurer says is correct . 
  i would just add the following :, 
  alsublieft - formal, 
  you may also see a.u.b written on signs as an appreviation of alsublieft . 
  you may also use alsublieft as a `` you 're welcome '' :, 
  you hold door open for a man . 
  man walks through . 
  ( thank you ) . 
  you : alsublieft ( you 're welcome ) . 
  this is exactly the case . 
  cheers, 
  no problem , 
  actually , question : this `` t '' , is it spelt , or is it just said ? 
  for example in french , they say , for `` he asked '' : `` a-t-il dit '' the `` t '' is just there as a liason . 
  a link between the words so that it doesnt sound silly . 
  is there an actual `` t '' in please in ~ ~ english ~ ~ dutch ? 
  righto , thanks for the reply . 
  my girlfriend lives in nl , but she is originally hungarian . 
  she speaks both fluently so i figured i would learnt the easier option . 
  i started by ~ ~ stealing ~ ~ borrowing a hugo * dutch in 3 months * book from my university with some tapes . 
  i 'll return them one day . 
  i now live in the south of nl doing a master in english . 
  i took a dutch language course and i constantly learn vocab and watch tv . 
  a great thing i do is watch shows like * friends * on dvd with dutch subtitles . 
  this is awesome because de loreon actually looks like my name !, 
  easiest way ( you say you 're american , i 'm english , so i 'll cut to the chase ) is to rent a car . 
  either from tours , or from caen , but i would rent a car as public transport around normandy is n't the best or the most extensive . 
  plus , with a car you have a lot more freedom so you can go to colleville , and even head up the cotentin peninsula to carentan , ste mere eglise , utah beach . 
  there is also an epic bunker system in ( i think , but ca n't quite remember ) avranche . 
  tl ; dr rent a car . 
  experience : i 'm half norman and spent almost all of my childhood holidays in this part of the world . 
  he was dead before i shot him . 
  - * yeats is dead * - various authors . 
  i 'm going to play rome : total war now and use this . 
  of course we can sing when we 're being hammered : we 've had 800 years experience of this . 
  why do you think we have such good music ? 
  should be mentioned that england still hold the record for the highest ever defeat ever inflicted upon germany . 
  i bet you live in maastricht . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is that colmar ? 
  firstly , not british . 
  secondly , i know it was a long time ago , i was merely pointing out this fact to concur with someone else that england have beaten germany before in the past . 
  thirdly , you need to educate yourself on the history of english football : all they ever did was play ` kick and rush ' . 
  in fact , they pretty much still do . 
  so england were good , then tactics were invented , and england stuck with kick and rush and thus became shite . 
  thought so . 
  beautiful city . 
  think i might have a picture from this bridge myself !, 
  needs more pixels . 
  my guess is ireland , but as others have said , it could also be the uk . 
  i 'm gon na put my money on ireland . 
  i think it 's cos they are designed to react at more than than 5mph ( 8kph ) . 
  so it works fine when you are stationary , but yeah , locks the fuck up when you want to pick up a cd from the floor as your mate pulls out of driveway . 
  shoe trick works !, 
  a wooden spoon to push the cork into the bottle would have also worked well . 
  do it slowly though . 
  this does not cork the wine if you are going to drink it immediately . 
  i would argue that kick and rush was the only tactic used , but i suppose that , yes , this would them deem it to be considered good . 
  i would have to agree that it is relative . 
  i would be inclined to say that it is no longer successful as they have good players on paper , but then , as you say , good is relative , so if they are not successful , then they can hardly be considered good . 
  in short , you make a fair point . 
  but the is cheese is part of a french meal . 
  it 's normal to have a small starter , a main , cheese , dessert .
