  example of hungarian pronunciation changing :, 
  a - has an english ` o ' sound like in ` bot ', 
  \u00e1 - has a english ` a ' sound like in ` hat ', 
  but i wonder how the translation came to be nemetalfoldi ( no accents on my keyboard right now ) . 
  lancaster is also a short train ride from the lake district , which is great for a weekend of hiking . 
  or even the yorkshire dales . 
  liverpool is pretty close too ( change in preston ) . 
  if you want to attend a football match , well , preston is close and has a nice stadium , but manchester is clearly more appealing for that . 
  it 's closer to two hours !, 
  even better . 
  edit : 2.5-3 .5 hours . 
  depending on the train . 
  now you mention it , it was an odd word choice !, 
  but til . 
  thanks !, 
  hungarian , although not slavic , also has a similar name for german : nemet . 
  purple 's a fruit, 
  work phone : my lock screen is my business card , because what if i lose it ? 
  personal phone : my so during our trip to patagonia . 
  i do n't know how , and i 've never been ever to replicate it but when i was at uni i went a whole week where i managed to get girls to buy me a drink . 
  ok so that was like three nights out and a grand total of three drinks , but still . 
  they bought it for me . 
  also the fact the he almost did a ( sort of ) roy keane and single handedly drag bvb into the semi-finals last year by scoring two goals in the cl v real madrid . 
  just one of his many brilliant performances . 
  i was going mad !, 
  could n't believe the misses . 
  but that 's football . 
  she made you double barrel . 
  can hardly blame a man for forgetting a name when it gets to that stage !, 
  living in france made me fat . 
  strasbourg and it 's tarte flamb\u00e9es , great beer , being on the rugby team , and being an exchange student ( so ... lots of drinking ) will do that though !, 
  my bad , grammar nazi *, 
  you do n't drink wine on a rugby team ... 
  christ , i was in buenos aires recently and i could have gone to see a boca game , but my so is n't into to football so did n't want to go . 
  i was n't going to go to la boca on my own and leave my so in the hotel , so that was that . 
  get back home . 
  go to the pub . 
  one of the regulars is there ( fat , lonely man ) , who then * berates * me for 20 minutes ( even when i move to the other end of the bar and try to ignore him ) , for not going to la bombonera . 
  whenever i go to that pub now and he is there he still berates me . 
  twat . 
  i was playing wink murder at camp . 
  i got winked at and went through an elaborate death sequence before falling backwards ... right onto a rock and cracking my head open . 
  did n't hurt until i saw the blood . 
  got myself 5 staples in the head . 
  if you ever get a chance to go to amiens , i recommend it . 
  they rebuilt it extensively after the war , but it has aged really nice and it is a very pretty small city . 
  it has the tallest gothic cathedral in france ( it 's pretty massive ) and it even has a `` little venice '' . 
  good hub to explore the ww1 memorials around the area . 
  the road out the albert is quite surreal . 
  rolling hills and open farm land . 
  but with commonwealth cemetaries on either side and the occassional sign stating where the front line was at a particular moment . 
  awesome !, 
  then i have walked along this street . 
  most likely past this exact spot !, 
  maybe it includes public holidays ? 
  what you need to do is invade the furness peninsula in cumbria . 
  why ? 
  firstly , it worked for perkin warbeck . 
  secondly , you get a deep water port and a nuclear submarine building facility . 
  thirdly , you are close to taking out sellafield . 
  also barrow in furness has a gas facility . 
  fourthly , you take scotland from the south . 
  they would least expect it !, 
  finally , you could annex cumbria . 
  please . 
  take us with you !, 
  i interned at an embassy once for 5 months . 
  this included over christmas . 
  so wheni went to my home time for christmas i said i worked for the foreign office . 
  everyone assumed i was a spy . 
  it helped that the embassy was overseas to my home country ( well , duh , i suppose ) . 
  anyhow , i totally milked that week . 
  was great . 
  i can imagine it bein quite annoying constantly though !, 
  if scotland gets independence , the north of england wants in on that action !, 
  but how ? 
  he never got the pin in the first place so he ca n't use the atm to change it !, 
  you 'll have sellafield . 
  plenty of work there . 
  and ... er ... i dunno . 
  become a diver ? 
  the music was written by handel in the 18th century so they could n't do anything . 
  if they used the version with lyrics , that 's different as the lyrics were commissioned by uefa . 
  do n't know how that stand legally . 
  i had an ice cream recently . 
  it was huge . 
  three massive scoops . 
  amazing . 
  but it was a hot day so it took a lot of licking to maintain it and keep it under control . 
  my mate dripped , everywhere but i only dripped a little bit and not on myself . 
  it was great . 
  felt so proud . 
  finally got down to the cone . 
  ate that ( still full of ice cream ) until all i had left was the final bit of cone with a tiny bit of ice cream . 
  i bit it and it exploded sending ice cream all over my shirt . 
  i just use xtc-koffieshop . 
  if you do n't mind paying for it , i got tunnel bear for a year . 
  cost me 50 usd ( so whatever the exchange is ) . 
  works like a charm on your pc and 2 mobile devices and you can also access canadian netflix . 
  aaaand i sound like an advert but sod it .
