  `` how do you inherit a tank ? 
  `` my grand-dad left to me in his will . '' i was being quite matter-of-fact . 
  `` right stop being mysterious and bloody well explain why you have a tank , why your grand-dad left you a tank , and , while you 're at it , explain what on earth you are going to do with a bloomin ' tank ! '', 
  i smiled . 
  i loved getting him riled up : it was always amusing . 
  i began to explain that i had no idea why my grand-dad had a tank , or why he left it to me in particular . 
  i knew as much as my friend ; i had woken up to a cold war era tank sitting on my front lawn , which had destroyed my dad 's hand-made fence , and my mother 's geraniums . 
  i do n't know how it got there . 
  maybe the lawyer dropped it off . 
  as for what i was going to do with it . 
  i had no idea . 
  `` i have no idea what i am going to do with it , '' i started . 
  `` but it needs to go before my mum wakes up and sees what it 's done to her bordering . '', 
  `` ok , but my tank driving skills are a bit rusty , '' he joked . 
  i smirked . 
  `` in all seriousness , though ; we only need to move it down the street . 
  that way it wo n't look like it belongs to you !, 
  there must be instructions inside it somewhere . '', 
  we clambered in and sure enough , there was a small operational manual that briefly explained the basic principles of tank driving . 
  i carefully read how to turn on the engine and proceeded to follow the steps , which were a lot more complicated than my honda civic . 
  without going into the details , the whole process took about ten minutes , especially as the instructions stated that the engine had to reach a temperature of 160 degrees fahrenheit . 
  once at temperature we gingerly started moving the tank forward . 
  the interior of the tank was as we had expected : minimalist and very few comforts . 
  everything looked like it could either cut us or burn us , and the seats had some pretty old springs , which we discovered as the tank lurched and sputtered , making us bounce right into the chair . 
  there were no seat belts . 
  two hundred metres down the road , we decided that was far enough and followed to instructions on how to turn off the engine . 
  our first mission was successfully accomplished . 
  `` so , what now , captain , sir ? '' my friend asked , with a mischievous grin . 
  edit : grammar, 
  watch on the rhine ? 
  did you know that the original name for the la marseillaise was [ `` chant de guerre pour l'arm\u00e9e du rhin '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_marseillaise#history ) ( war song for the army of the rhine ) and was written in strasbourg , which was annexed by the germans as part of alsace . 
  maybe it was just a coincidence that the germans were singing a song containing the rhine , but i found it interesting . 
  i 'm getting married soon and we are getting someone we know to be the dj . 
  we have a playlist for him to be inspired by . 
  the macarena is on it because my so wants it ( sigh ) , but we also have a `` no-play list '' . 
  it 's one of the reasons i 'm not paying someone # 500 to be my wedding dj because they will play that shit !, 
  my mate wo n't !, 
  ( i hope ), 
  that first one is interesting . 
  i recommend watching the seven wonders of the industrial world on netflix . 
  specifically the london sewers . 
  london stank . 
  sewage was thrown on the the streetsr . 
  sewage ended up in the thames and drinking water was contaminated . 
  the prevailing theory at the time was the miasma theory : bad smells cause disease . 
  some , like dr john snow believed germ theory , and we all know the story of him removing the handle of the water pump . 
  one year stank in particular : 1858 `` the great stink '' . 
  this led to parliament approving the proposal to build a modern sewage system , which had been rejected in the 1856 due to lack of funds . 
  joseph bazalgette was made responsible for the work and he built six tunnels that were made much bigger than calculations said were needed : bazalgette was thinking ahead . 
  he used gravity to move the sewage , but one of the greatest bits of engineering were the pumping stations , where gravity would n't help . 
  the sewage system were hugely successful , but not for the reasons they thought . 
  we know now that miasma theory was incorrect and about germs . 
  and what of john snow ? 
  well , he died before he saw germ theory widely accepted . 
  few canoes and it 'll be reet . 
  was this in 2009 ? 
  ah , yeah you 're right . 
  most likely 2005 . 
  they screwed over trevor cliff the u.s. boxer in the 1988 olympics too http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/olympic_games_scandals_and_controversies#1988_summer_olympics, 
  some dutch believe that juventus doped in the 1996 cl final . 
  but the match still went to penalties . 
  they also picked some odd penalty takers . 
  gold . 
  wolves play in gold . 
  i think blackpool under ian holloway did something similar was going to get charged . 
  his argument was that he only used players in his 25 man squad and who is the premier league to say who his strongest eleven is ? 
  i think the uk would to deal with a lot of old prime ministers , generals , and other people coming back to life and wondering what the hell happened to the empire . 
  that , and the boudica / richard the lionheart battle , which is inevitable due to proximity would be fun the watch . 
  maybe not if you 're cromwell , who stand between them though . 
  germany is so called because of latin . 
  well the keswick-penrith service was axed . 
  as was ulverston to lakeside ( although part of it remains as the haverwaith-lake side railway , and is a steam train ) . 
  the a590 was built on where it once stood . 
  used to be trains to coniston from ulverston too , but it 's long since gone . 
  if you go to ulverston there is a platform 1 ( to barrow ) and platform 3 ( to lancaster and the south ) . 
  platform 2 ? 
  it 's there , but not used : was used for trains up to the lakes . 
  my mate did a sitting protest on parliament square last year . 
  was arrested and charged with `` resisting arrest and trespassing . '', 
  she did n't believe in true love ; he did . 
  he convinced her that it existed and , after sitting in a deli reading dorien gray when someone asked her how it was , she ended up believing it too . 
  not so much imo , but he did set the guy up by opening up her eyes to another perspective . 
  his little sister does make him look back on the relationship and realise that it was n't all that great anyway . 
  * 12a - meaning that people under the age of 12 can watch it was an adult . 
  12 meant that children under 12 could n't watch the movie , but they introduced 12a after the 12 rating on spiderman ( the first one with toby mcguire ) meant kids could n't see it . 
  mamuschka in san carlos de bariloche in argentina . 
  their chocolate is amazing . 
  do n't go to any of the other places , they are average to crap . 
  but mamuschka ? 
  mamuschka was so good !, 
  god 's assistant ? 
  what sort of a name is god ? 
  could be dutch , i guess , like van gogh . 
  how would you pronounce it though ? 
  like you have something stuck in the back of your throat ? 
  or maybe it was someone really pretentious with a stage name , such as prince . 
  be interesting to meet them , in any case !, 
  the internship sounded perfect : `` open-minded , spiritual person sought to assist with the greater things . 
  must be computer literate '' . 
  i could laugh at all those people who said my philosophy degree would n't get me anywhere .
