  but it misses with jokes . 
  i used to work in a bar in arnhem during airborne weekend . 
  canadian , american , polish , british , dutch . 
  veteran or serving . 
  all foul mouthed . 
  where ? 
  i just got one for 1,10 in the supermarket . 
  i 'm in the netherlands . 
  just got back in from ah . 
  but they changed the law in january ( 18 drinking age for everything now ) . 
  still , they have a create on sale for 9 $ every week and it changes every week so still cheaper than ie . 
  btw , did n't mean to imply that i did n't believe you !, 
  been a while since i read it to be honest . 
  i think often they were anti stuff to attempt to be funny . 
  but you 're probably right . 
  my step mum , canadian , calls the front passenger seat the suicide seat . 
  she is n't french canadian mind you . 
  hope it helps . 
  gon na side with op here . 
  it was taken in limerick during the spring floods . 
  but 6 months ago is like 3 years on reddit !, 
  personally ( despite my flair , i live in nl ) , i think vitesse will be up there . 
  last season they were * almost * winterkampioen ( top before the winter break ) . 
  they then had a torrid second half of the season . 
  so , i think they will up there . 
  champions ? 
  i doubt it , but would love to see it . 
  i remember sky trying this once . 
  they got howard webb to explain referee decision during a chelsea game a few years back . 
  john terry should have been sent off and webb saying `` you are sending off the england captain ... '', 
  then jamie redknapp went ape-shit at him and would n't let the man speak again by constantly shouting over him . 
  was a total disaster . 
  do n't think they tried it again . 
  on that occassion , webb was trying to explain what the referee thinks about at the time . 
  redknapp would just not accept that terry being the england captain could enter the ref 's mind during a chelsea . 
  however , when webb tried to explain further , redknapp just started shouting . 
  so long as he is not being questioned by a muppet like redknapp , and by someone sensible like lineker , i think it will be good . 
  hedwig 's theme !, 
  itt : really depressing things . 
  i was just going to say unload my dishwasher . 
  you do n't know where it goes , so this process will just be longer . 
  still a nice gesture though . 
  i missed that bit !, 
  was n't aware of that rumour . 
  no it does n't . 
  i just did it . 
  when am i going to be here again ? 
  mark , why does it say you married lisa ? 
  who is lisa ? 
  to a newly promoted team no less . 
  hungary sided with germany largely because it wanted revenge for the treaty of trianon that reduced hungary to a third of its original side . 
  hungarians are still bitter about this to the present day . 
  hungary supported germany with troops and , with german support , annexed parts of romania . 
  the regent , admiral horthy ( despite hungary no longer having neither a navy , nor a monarchy ) . 
  was able to prevent germany from occupying the country for several years . 
  as an aside , hungary had also one of the lowest deportation of jews at this time ( i forgot why , but i think horvathy was quite anti semitic ) . 
  the germans were present , just not the troops , through the likes of the arrow cross party , essentially the hungarian nazi party . 
  in march 1944 , hitler lost patience with horvathy and his moderate pm and invaded the country . 
  the arrow cross was installed as the government and jewish rounding up and deportation increased dramatically ( 400,000 by summer 1944 ) . 
  when they show the area razed by the luftwaffe in lights ? 
  brilliant username btw . 
  lyra 's oxford . 
  something magical about it . 
  of course it would be awesome to go see those elephant for things with the nut wheels . 
  oh and that place with an italian feel . 
  obviously without the spectres !, 
  was n't always the way though . 
  with the infrastructure i mean in the netherlands . 
  this is a good read . 
  basically , they focused on creating both the road and cycling infrastructure . 
  putting more red on the road is n't enough : on my cycle to work in nl ( 5km ) i 'm on the road for all of 100 metres . 
  dutch only have one elevated cycle path over a very busy intersection in eindhoven . 
  you know what makes little sense to me : the eu is scrapping data roaming fees . 
  great . 
  but when i am in my country of my contract sms and calls abroad still cost a fortune !, 
  i showed this to my so who is hungarian . 
  you 're right it 'd hungarian but she also says the translation is crap . 
  nope , should be holland kir\u00e1lys\u00e1g . 
  that kenink stuff is not hungarian . 
  you can see the holland kir\u00e1lys\u00e1g above the dutch on that wiki page . 
  i know the difference between netherlands and holland but the hungarians do n't bother to . 
  edit : spelling . 
  that 's your second post in this thread saying the same thing . 
  you are trying to spread hate . 
  yes , it says that but the bible also spouts some utter bs like an eye for an eye but we can look past that . 
  i do n't know enough about islam to know the context of your quotes but please stop trying to spread hate . 
  it does nothing but make the world worse . 
  edit : word, 
  i have never seen frisian in my defence !, 
  ( not dutch ) . 
  just knew it was n't hungarian . 
  but we thank you for clarifying and educating us in your northern ways !, 
  i do n't know about the tube , but in amsterdam there is a third , yellow , rail that is electrified . 
  [ you can see it here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/30/gvb_-_m4,_79,_lijn_50,_overamstel_\\ ( amsterdam \\ ) . jpg/640px-gvb _ - _ m4 , _ 79 , _ lijn_50 , _ overamstel _ ( amsterdam ) . jpg ), 
  if you touch the underside of that , you 're a gonner , pretty much . 
  edit : spelling, 
  accents . 
  but yes , you are correct . 
  the accents on hungarian letters do change how the word is pronounced , but the apostrophe in dutch ( and from what you tell me in frisian ) replaces a letter . 
  can also do it in english : fish 'n' chips !,
