  again me , drunk , with a bike . 
  finished up a mates party and cycled home , via food . 
  for some reason i took the most awkward of fours bridges for bikes ( it involved steps ) . 
  on the far side , i figured i could cycle down the steps as i had done it sober . 
  i woke up in hospital with a broken hip and a mangled hand . 
  the hip hurts on cold days . 
  on a plus side , i went back to the bridge when i could walk 2 months later and my bike was there locked up !, 
  someone else , another broken hip . 
  a girl was sitting on a low window ledge at a party and the window was open . 
  room was pretty busy and someone knocked her out of the window ( by accident ) . 
  first thing i knew was when the party was stormed by 5 cops , and 10 firemen . 
  the entire street outside was lined with emergency vehicules :, 
  she had fallen between a small gap between two buildings and had broken her hip . 
  they got to her eventually by smashing down the wall downstairs . 
  tl ; dr - dislocated shoulder ; mangled hand and broken hip ; broken hip and trapped between two buildings . 
  you ca n't just drop this glorious moment without an explanation !, 
  8 may 1999 . 
  last match of the 1998/1999 season . 
  debt ridden carlisle united need to win and hope it beats scarborough 's result . 
  if not , they will be relegated out of the football league and probably cease to exist . 
  last minute of the game . 
  corner to carlisle . 
  there is barely time to take it . 
  everyone forward . 
  now watch the video . 
  according to my man utd friend , this was the greatest moment in football history . 
  much better than other events of may 1999, 
  i logged in to say this then he deleted it !, 
  curse him . 
  he was totally off the mark . 
  i had a quick look at their website . 
  it depends on the shoe . 
  the shoes i saw from salamander were nice , but i there is of course a limit to what you can get cobbled . 
  personally , i 'm thinking things like brogues and oxford etc ( recently got a pair reheeled myself ) . 
  you should take them to a cobbler and ask what you can do to treat them and breathe new life into them . 
  my cobbler said my boots could be spruced up with soap and hey presto !, 
  like new . 
  ( it was more than just soap , but it was cheap ) . 
  sadly , dieppe is often forgotten . 
  without dieppe , d-day may have totally failed . 
  here 's to those brave men . 
  i said often . 
  i did n't say it was buried in annals of history . 
  i 'm pretty sure your average bloke is aware of d-day , if only through hollywood . 
  obviously most people in / r/history will be aware of dieppe , but is there any shame in hoping the memory of those men is not forgotten ? 
  edit : accidently a word, 
  i saw once a bit of string sort of in mid-air at a station and looked along and saw a man holding it . 
  `` odd , '' i thought to myself . 
  i then looked the other way and saw a 50 euro note . 
  i stepped on the string , then picked up the 50 . 
  i then gave it back to the guy . 
  edit : i accidently a word . 
  nope . 
  those four small digits are just a repeat of the first four of the card number . 
  the civ thingy is printed on the back under the signature strip . 
  i 'm sure there is a way you can still use these cards , but i have no idea how . 
  well , i have one idea , but i wo n't post that and nor will i use it . 
  i missed the subject of the conversation so when i heard `` you get drunk by drinking too much '' i made sure to never drink too much . 
  of anything . 
  water , milk , coke , etc. 
  i think i was 5 or 6 at the time . 
  [ horrible histories take ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=pzs5p1c22hq#t=22s ) ( i tried linking this to 22secs , but it wouldnt work ! ), 
  sir john barrow was born in dragely beck , ulverston and served as the second secretary to the admiralty ( now the permanent secretary ) . 
  it is alleged that his was his idea to exile napoleon to st helena . 
  the most northern city in the usa in named after him : barrow alaska , along with several other geographical sites in the arctic circle . 
  never in my life have i heard it called the pepper pot !, 
  the lighthouse away from the sea , yes , but never pepper pot . 
  from the area too . 
  interesting to learn it 's called that !, 
  the pepperport overlooking the honeypot !, 
  i did not know about memrise !, 
  they have 201 dutch verbs and i almost bought it !, 
  now i can learn all the verbs !, 
  i can not express how much i thank you for giving me this !, 
  you have made my day !, 
  dutch beer truck in the background ( heineken ), 
  the amount of times i have used the video on the union flag to prove to my fellow british countrymen that the flag can be unside down is too many times . 
  thankfully , i have your fanstastic video ( and the one explaining gb/uk/commonwealth , also brilliant ) to enlighten them !, 
  top work !, 
  this point about bristol fishermen in america is also a reason why some people argue that the continent is actually named after richard ameryk , a bristolian businessman who , allegedly , had interests in the fishing trade . 
  however , to my knowledge , there are no concrete sources for this so it will , most likely , remain forever somewhat dubious . 
  greatest is not a term that is easily quantifiable but my reasoning for him being the `` greatest '' would largely be down to the sheer volume of work he produced and , perhaps crucially , the sheer volume of his works * that survived * . 
  one of his contemporaries , christopher marlowe , is considered to be an excellent playwright , and there are some who believe that he actually wrote some of shakespeares works ( this is heavily disputed and almostly certainly false . 
  it is a claim that has risen from the fact that we do not know very much about shakespeare . 
  we do not even know what he really looked like . ), 
  marlowe , however , died the age of 29 . 
  as so much of his work has survived , we see that he had a command of the language and was able to construct engaging plays with a variety of characters that could also echo those of ancient greece . 
  he is also accredited with inventing countless new words to the english language . 
  the above is my opinion , and i wish i could source you some material but i am at work . 
  hopefully , someone will be able to point you in the direction of people who have covered this in more detail . 
  tl ; dr : use of language ; sheer volume of work that survived ; engaging characters and plots . 
  it is rather futile . 
  we 'll never know for certain why it is called america . 
  i do find it interesting that all these people ` discovered ' america before columbus though . 
  where 'd you dry your fish ? '', 
  `` er ... dunno exactly . 
  some place across the sea . '', 
  `` any people ? '', 
  '' one or two . 
  `` oh ... probably portguese '',
