  the dutch do it differently and have a different drinking culture . 
  i would never class the dutch as boring . 
  last euros i watched most of the matches in nl at home with mates . 
  we went out for big games : dutch v germany for example . 
  why would we go out for every game ? 
  why is only social it 's in a bar ? 
  people still organise to watch matches together but at their houses . 
  or just on their own because the match is at 18h and they just got home and the next one finishes at midnight and they have work the next day . 
  i 'm not atc but i know after reading the tenerife disaster : they do n't say ` take off ' until the aircraft is on the runway and cleared for take off . 
  they will use other terminology like `` make way to runway for departure '' ( not sure if this is actual terminology but its just to give example ) . 
  single cream . 
  double cream . 
  whipped cream . 
  mmm cream . 
  i went to a bar to watch this in florence that was covered on the outside with world cup stuff . 
  italian tv is n't showing this game . 
  sprinted back to my hotel . 
  on a stream too :(, 
  but thanks !, 
  due to the shirt pull i say it 's a pen . 
  klose ruined it for himself . 
  sounds like they are chanting `` allez '', 
  it was a pen . 
  he was so theatrical it looked like a dive . 
  guys its ok . 
  i found a bar !, 
  i now have beer and football !, 
  you can buy many ipas in europe !, 
  where are you ? 
  if you want to know more i recommend reading bergkamps auto biography . 
  i really enjoyed it . 
  interestingly he does n't consider this his best goal . 
  also in this game , by his own admission , he was awful . 
  but he did two brilliant things : this goal and the assist for kluivert . 
  he was lucky to play in this game as he should have been sent off in the previous match v yugoslavia for stamping . 
  but this goal . 
  wow . 
  germany take the lead at the start then just do nothing in french territory with only bursts of french resistance . 
  er ... er ... 
  they need the canadians, 
  i switched allegiance when the english went out . 
  but i 'm not going to jump ship to my country of residence ( nl ) . 
  fade the flair, 
  yeah punk is decent but i can imagine geneva being pricey . 
  maybe there is a shop that specialises in good beer ? 
  most places seem to have one now . 
  yeah i know that very well . 
  sorry my good man/woman !, 
  missed the foul but keepers should n't be triple punished . 
  penalty is enough . 
  penalty . 
  red card . 
  suspension . 
  excessive . 
  if brazil win this world cup it will be as corrupt as argentina in 78, 
  you are correct . 
  a referee can only follow the rules . 
  not make them . 
  makes the others look good, 
  yeah and they lost one of them too, 
  i 'm faded . 
  faded . 
  it hurts so . 
  that free kick . 
  they were ... what ? 
  1 yard from the ball ? 
  total null . 
  why even have the magic spray ? ,, 
  exactly . 
  cards do n't always show , authority as they give you nowhere to go once you show it . 
  first foul needs a stern talking to , but that talk needs authority . 
  edit : fuck . 
  latined . 
  in my defense i have n't studied latin in ... oh ... 12 years . 
  i do speak 3 romantic languages though . 
  i appreciate that , 
  you mean what robbie keane did , right ? 
  right ? 
  i was born in 87 . 
  you have to be born in 81 to actually remember the victory . 
  i have a vague memory of baggio 's miss in the 94 final but my first real memory is euro 96 when you guys won !, 
  love it when yanks criticise the french . 
  way to show respect to your oldest allies !, 
  what ? 
  i could have played as lake district ? 
  amazing . 
  yes , but only if you have one of your three substitutions remaining . 
  fifa : laws of the game 2014/15 page 54 . 
  oh i know , i was more saying that they could n't make all three sub 's then have an ` injured ' keeper during penalties . 
  emergency room / accident and emergency ( a & e ), 
  yeah [ barrow ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barrow-in-furness ) is a shit-hole . 
  ( i know you mean alaska ), 
  that incident is the top paragraph of the article !, 
  or horses . 
  she luvs dem ` orses does aah queen, 
  she was told she had become queen whilst in a tree in africa , so i bet she did climb a fence . 
  meh usa had an olympics in 1996 and 2002 i do n't see why china ca n't have one in 2008 and 2022 . 
  i know in the us they were opposite sides of the country , but still . 
  yup , totally agree . 
  the team showed promising signs and , especially against italy , some nice flair .
