  personally , i could n't care less if chelsea won the cl . 
  i believe moderation is an old wooden ship from the civil war . 
  my parents had an lpg conversion . 
  can confirm we saved hundred of # # # # on fuel . 
  however , the amount we had to spend constantly repairing the fecker meant we pretty much broke even . 
  good except in english whom is archaic and wherever you can use whom you can use who while the reverse is not true . 
  the same applies to whilst and while ( whilst being archaic ) . 
  still good advice though . 
  it is according to the oxford english dictionary . 
  also , it may sound wrong but it is still correct . 
  i use whom myself but your argument is bad . 
  also get defense with sexting . 
  the oed is the source for defining official words . 
  i 'm not saying one ca n't use whom but one can use who in its place and it is just as correct so it is not the exact same as qui and que . 
  get an oed and look it up . 
  then come back to me . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  i never said one can not use it . 
  i use . 
  just saying it 's officially considered archaic . 
  i am saying whilst and whom are archaic according to the oed and as i was taught at university . 
  the oed is as official as you get for the english language . 
  i realise there is no actual officiation like the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7ais . 
  someone mentioned that it was n't used by british papers so that says something . 
  i am by no means saying it 's wrong . 
  i am just saying it is technically archaic . 
  that and while and who can be used 100 % in their stead and be also completely correct . 
  as man called murray . 
  explain, 
  the amount of czechs , slovaks , hungarians , poles i have heard rant about gypsies . 
  it 's a lot . 
  almost every single one , including my so . 
  a german overheard them once and said '' the way you talk about the gypsies is the same way we talked about the jews '' . 
  that was n't well received . 
  but i found it an interesting comparison . 
  we 'll be on this list this week . 
  i was here in march this year . 
  such a truly incredible place !, 
  when i studied in france my american friend got some solo cups shipped out just for beer pong . 
  we would fill them with water and he would dry them at the end of the night and we would reuse them . 
  obviously , we should have filled them with beer , but they would not have lasted as long !, 
  and in german it is called a kopenhagener gebaeck . 
  the circle in complete . 
  i wonder what they call them in vienna ? 
  not as bad but went down steps on a bike whilst drunk . 
  taken to hospital to discover i had chipped my hip . 
  one month before i could walk properly, 
  a german telling me that mozart was from munich despite me producing photographic evidence of me at mozart 's birth house in salzburg . 
  but that was more annoying that anything else . 
  as a keeper , people misunderstand when they do n't jump . 
  like when commentators complain if they do n't ` try ` for a penalty . 
  the keeper knew he was beaten . 
  the strike was just that good . 
  nothing to do with the keeper being off guard . 
  percy pigs . 
  the european parliament approved a draft law in march , but there are still several stages of the legislative process to go through before it is an official regulation . 
  it should happen though . 
  [ apollo 18 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1772240/ ) why we have n't been back to the moon, 
  [ french , british , australian , new zealand , canadian , and indian . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gallipoli_campaign ), 
  i know it is mostly remembered for the anzac involvement , but do n't go forgetting the other nationalities : 79,000 french is no small number . 
  [ not sure which came first ] ( http://harkavagrant.com/index.php?id=125 ), 
  sun lollies !, 
  in holland they sell them in lidl sometimes . 
  try there maybe ? 
  you 're not from devon !, 
  you would * know * where your pitch fork is at all times !, 
  i 've me shovel right here !, 
  there was also something to do with headlights and how the cost of changing later would have been much higher ( even accounting for inflation ) as a result of this . 
  from [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dagen_h ) :, 
   one of the reasons the riksdag pushed ahead with dagen h despite public unpopularity was that most vehicles in sweden at the time used inexpensive , standardized round headlamps , but the trend towards more expensive model-specific headlamps had begun in continental europe and was expected to spread through most other parts of the world . 
  further delay in changing over from left - to right-hand traffic would have greatly increased the cost burden to vehicle owners . 
  i feel costa should have had a yellow for one before his yellow !, 
  yes, 
  i would say about 20m # in prize money and tv money . 
  chelsea win 23m last season ( the most in that session ), 
  it really has lost its purpose . 
  yes , you can . 
  but first you have to meet up with them , and they could be ugly . 
  anyway , they were talking about skateboarding . 
  ( 500 ) days of summer, 
  juno . 
  oh yeah my parents had one of them for their croquet lawn . 
  wish i was kidding . 
  my boss still does this and gets annoyed when he writes and the whole paragraph is in caps, 
  my sentiments exactly, 
  a nice simple way to do \u00e9 , \u00e1 , \u00ed , \u00f3 , \u00fa , is :, 
  alt gr can be found to the right of the space bar . 
  hope it helps . 
  this works in most programs . 
  in word : ctrl + ' ( so hold down ctrl , press ' ) , then press vowel will give you \u00e9 . use ` for grave and '' for umlaut ( do n't actually know the french for this ) and , for cedilla and ^ for the circonflex . 
  this also works in english ( united kingdom ) keyboard mode . 
  i am racking my head trying to figure out where in maastricht the canal one is set !, 
  seen plenty like it in den bosch . 
  where about was it op ? 
  really nice paintings though . 
  really liked the onze lieve vrouweplein one . 
  i like this . 
  it 's the same day as my birthday . 
  man , we would have such a good party !,
