  if i had to chose again , knowing how it would be , i would do it again in a heart-beat . 
  it 's clich\u00e9 but you make your best friends in college . 
  and hey , it 's only a ryanair flight away . 
  rod gilbert is brilliant . 
  saying `` i want to cure cancer '' is like saying `` i want to cure sickness '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , i get what you mean , it 's just cancer is a catch-all name for so many different types of mutations . 
  we are currently able to cure some types of cancer , benign skin-cancers for example ( not melanoma ) . 
  in fact my dad recently developed a type of skin-cancer . 
  got it zapped off the other day . 
  cured . 
  hopefully , we will have cured all types of cancer by 2050 . 
  there will still be quiz shows after the event http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnd1jkcfbre, 
  people do n't seem to get your reference . 
  for this i upvote you . 
  til you ca n't read the rules , or use correct grammar . 
  i got a similar joke on a birthday card once . 
  only it used an asian ... 
  things like this are cool . 
  i saw something similar in bonn , germany , only it is inside a british phone box http://i.imgur.com/9izrr.jpg, 
  on a plus side at least you never had an awkward boner at an inappropriate moment . 
  small consolation , but still . 
  excuse whilst i get pedantic : it was built in the uk , although i 'll give that it was built in belfast , so ireland , but at the time all of it was uk . 
  saying `` funded by the british '' sounds like it would funded by the government when i feel it would be more apt to say it was `` built in ireland by a british company . '', 
  also , you 're right in saying it was not a national tragedy , but and international one . 
  i know that 's why i said * all * of ireland was in the uk at the time as opposed to only 6 counties now . 
  baseball ? 
  golf course ? 
  all i can see is eads and bae ( defense contractors ) must be something about defense contacts from the mod , or maybe it says `` tie-up '' ? 
  a merger perhaps ? 
  edit : the post below this one is about a merger between eads and bae . 
  well , that answered that for us !, 
  i borrowed rome : total war from my friend , and i broke it getting it out of the box . 
  i bought him a new one . 
  regardless of whether it was your fault or not , it was in your possession therefore you are responsible for it . 
  you are therefore responsible to replace said item with at least the same model . 
  buying the cheapest one possible is not acceptable ( unless the original was the cheapest one possible ) . 
  think of it this way : if you lent something to someone and it broke in their possession , would you expect them to replace it ? 
  i would . 
  alternatively , if they want to upgrade to a fancy model , i would still offer to pay something or compensate them in someway to cover the cost of what you broke . 
  yes , you were responsible for it , regardless of who broke/stole it . 
  what is the devilry of which you speak ?!, 
  witchcraft !, 
  burn kungafsand !, 
  it 's a sad but harsh truth , the town where i was born , but not where i grew up , barrow-in-furness is shrinking as people leave the area for to find work . 
  especially young people , who generally migrate to london . 
  ship building keeps barrow going , just . 
  as does a glaxosmithklein plant in nearby ulverston . 
  but i 'm the same as you when it comes to people i went to school . 
  all have left , except those who are farmers . 
  anarchy !, 
  they have them throughout france , not just lyon . 
  hardly throwaway time when you have n't bothered to tell us anything about you . 
  oh , also this was done a couple of months back and was hugely successful . 
  of course !, 
  this filthy fact will destroy him/her for sure !, 
  british , not english . 
  i know this makes me a pedant , but it 's a big difference . 
  this should have more upvotes , but also they wanted to make reunification day 9 november , but , as you can see from 1938 , there were obvious reasons this was n't chosen . 
  instead they chose the slightly less emotional 3 october . 
  at least its a better day to sit in a beer garden and celebrate the reunitification your country with a couple of steins !, 
  yes , but if i had said krug , or mas , then no one would have known what i was referring to . 
  would love to , put partying in enschede that day ( not an oxymoron , i swear ) . 
  next time . 
  there was no keeper . 
  well easy . . 
  just kidding . 
  women do n't fight in battle . 
  she was a girl . 
  her , i 'll grant you . 
  but no true woman would ride into battle . 
  anyway , leave me be , i was trying to be bigotted . 
  stop ruining my fun . 
  that `` some woman '' was lady astor . 
  they did n't get on very well , and there a several examples of him owning her with his wit . 
  edit : `` lady astor : if you were my husband , i would be incline to poison your drink . 
  churchill : if i was your husband , i would be inclined to drink it . '', 
  edit ii : she was the first female mp . 
  surprised that is n't mentioned more !, 
  ( i just googled this to find out ), 
  i did not know that , thanks for that !, 
  there . 
  no prove it was n't said . 
  anyway , the point of all this was that churchill was quick witted and had great intellect . 
  whether he said it or not is moot as it serves to emphasise a point , rather than being the point itself . 
  i notice that you did n't disprove my quote , just changed the topic . 
  churchill was well-known for his wit , so it is highly plausible that he said this , especially considering his relationship with lady astor . 
  you did n't asked for `` top quality sources '' , you just asked for a source . 
  i compelled . 
  until you can prove otherwise , churchill said this excellent come back . 
  as someone who has wheeled those trollies around a warehouse ( much smaller ) picking orders , i have a lot of sympathy . 
  mind-numbing stuff . 
  i have to reply because you drove me to tears . 
  i 'm 25 ( well i will be tomorrow 2 december 2012 ) and i lost my mother to breast cancer when i was 8 . 
  at that age i was totally ignorant of what she was going through . 
  in fact , when she died i was in the field next to my house playing football ( soccer ) . 
  sorry i have nothing great to add , i just had to write something . 
  clothes horse and leave them in a room ? 
  very understandable . 
  i was n't criticising , just putting it out there . 
  however , as a norwegian i 'm assuming you have a much better idea on this sort of thing than me ( i live in the netherlands ) .
