  a lot of people have work on monday making sunday less appropriate in my mind . 
  i know everyone in my office is complaining about it being on a sunday . 
  also , many cup finals are on a saturday because that is the traditional day to play football ( certainly in england , the home of football ) . 
  i ca n't speak for outside of europe , but it is certainly the case for the major domestic cups in the major european leagues . 
  except spain , but they change the copa del rey final around . 
  champions league - saturday, 
  fa cup - saturday, 
  dfb pokal - saturday, 
  coupe de france - saturday, 
  coppa italia - saturday, 
  edit ii : ok so in argentina sunday is the day . 
  i 'll be frank : i want to have beers while watching the final without having to worry about work on monday . 
  is that a crime ? 
  is it ? 
  there , i said it . 
  it was his last match as bondscoach so he loses nothing from doing this . 
  saturday still the main day for football though . 
  and i know the cl was a wednesday , which was a silly day for it so i am glad they changed it . 
  so they should change the wc final too . 
  obviously , not this year . 
  ok , that i had n't thought about . 
  that makes sense . 
  thankyou for a sensible answer . 
  however , this could be mitigated by starting the world cup a day earlier !, 
  very true . 
  had n't thought of this . 
  someone else said the same . 
  ways to mitigate :, 
  play semis on same day ( but you have same issue with quarter final ), 
  start world cup a day earlier . 
  that bridge sent me to hospital . 
  i was hammered and cycled down the steps of this bridge . 
  yes, 
  you do in dutch . 
  in dutch you do n't ` take ' a photo . 
  yes, 
  an english team was once sponsored by black death vodka ( scarborough ), 
  not nl :(, 
  but . de ship some stuff for free to nl . 
  make sure you ask for it net not gross, 
  or this one http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2740, 
  my so is hungarian and her birthday is coming up . 
  buying this now . 
  thanks . 
  do n't forget you can buy 16-25 rail cards until the day before your 26th birthday . 
  maybe if they entered the first ones and were n't so arrogant about it they could 've won more too . 
  same goes for the european cup . 
  shame really . 
  but hind sight is 20/20 so easy for me to criticise !, 
  seeing as . nl is for the netherlands i 'll leave that up to you , 
  actually did n't know newfoundland went by nl . 
  nl is also on dutch licence plates . 
  anyway . 
  i have no idea why you ca n't always ship for free between eu states . 
  its not like there is an import/export tax !, 
  well , not the * entire * commonwealth . 
  just the commonwealth realm , to be pedantic . 
  all these people have her as queen http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_realm, 
  why ? 
  they can get rid of her as queen if they want . 
  personally , i think a lot of them will be republics once she pops her clogs and charles becomes king . 
  of course that will never happen . 
  as she will live forever . 
  hey , i studied in maastricht . 
  i 'm irish but i did an ma there . 
  i ca n't reply right now , but pm me with any questions you have and i 'll answer them !, 
  you can also check out info uk maastricht university on facebook . 
  they can answer lots of logistical issues you may have ( focussing on the uk , but they can defo answer general questions ), 
  maastricht has a good reputation and is pretty international . 
  had two danish classmates when i studied there !, 
  anyway , pm me !, 
  also english . 
  also learning dutch . 
  some nick and simon . 
  check out the radio station 100 % nl . 
  they play ( mostly ) dutch language stuff . 
  also the flexican bros before ho 's . 
  do n't judge me . 
  not just landlocked . 
  double landlocked . 
  they thought this through !, 
  do you live in canada ? 
  i love that ns ( dutch trains ) use nick and simon for their adverts . 
  genius . 
  one if them was rejected from idols once !, 
  apologies if you knew all this !, 
  hey !, 
  do n't feel bad !, 
  took me ages too . 
  months in fact !, 
  we can all be slow at times . 
  i only just clicked that the ` double coffee ' function at work has two nozzles because its for two cups , not just for a large coffee . 
  i 've worked there two years !, 
  unsolicited advice so i apologise , but i recommend the michel thomas course for dutch ( you can torrent it for free on kick ass torrents ) . 
  as a roman catholic i have never heard the terms ` pastor ' ` minister ' or ( just for the sake of it being in threes and it 's easier to write this than edit on a phone ) ` padre ' . 
  never heard those terms used in the catholic church . 
  so probably not a catholic . 
  edit : turns out pastor is what the us cathlolics call a parish priest . 
  and minister is a very general term . 
  never heard it used in the catholic church in the uk .
