  my hungarian so had seen enough . 
  it 's tastes like girders . 
  `` he was dead before i shot him '' - opening line of yates is dead . 
  but what about people from limburg , they would n't be able to ente ... oooh . 
  clever . 
  for the first time i vocally exclaimed `` holy shit ! '', 
  out loud when seeing your transformation . 
  congratulations on reaching your goal !, 
  you are an inspiration . 
   from scams like priority boarding to all the luggage charges and millions of other hidden costs and fees . 
  they are not hidden costs . 
  it 's pretty clear . 
  they consider them non-essential so charge you for them , but they are not cloak and dagger about it . 
  if you get caught out , it 's your own fault . 
  they make the rules so you have to play by them . 
   most of their staff are stressed , underpayed and overworked . 
  this leads to snappy , rude and questionable treatment of customers, 
  i agree with this . 
   the way they 'll squeeze as many people as possible onto a plane . 
  their concept for `` standing seats '' . 
  standing seats was a marketing ploy that worked . 
  just to get people talking about them , nothing more . 
  they seat a normal amount of people . 
  you cant get more people on the plane than there are seats and they do n't overbook . 
   o'leary 's ridiculous and disgusting cowboy attitude with how he interacts with people . 
  o'leary is an arse . 
  a dispicable arse . 
  but he is a brilliant arse . 
  he is fantastic at what he does and a shrewd businessman ( he saved ryanair from bankruptcy , and the day after 9/11 he bought a load of planes when prices were low ) . 
  they allowed everyone to go anywhere in europe for cheap . 
  you can fly from uk the poland for # 20 . 
  you cant even get from manchester to london for that !, 
  if you do n't like them , do n't fly with them but they do as advertised : they are no-frills and they will get to from a-b , nothing more . 
   showering everyday ruins your immune system and skin . 
  you better have a source for this psuedo-science . 
  i would recommend the michel thomas method for learning german . 
  you can torrent it , but obviously you should not do that as it is bad and i in no way advocate it . 
  he 's not even a super hero , so i like your inverted commas . 
  misread that . 
  thought you said `` arrive '', 
  `` table for two , please '', 
  '' you 're not worth serving !, 
  you 're rubbish ! '', 
  i love j\u00fcrgen . 
  massive man crush for the man . 
  he 's a great character . 
  edit : oh yeah , i have bvb flair . 
  i 'm british and have supported bvb since '02 just as a disclaimer !, 
  i would love him regardless of my alliegence !, 
  i think the media also helps them to be everyone 's second favorite team . 
  with all the media love ( of which this article is an example ) then people are going to get on board more . 
  that coupled with the english press painting them as the underdogs challenging the evil empire of fc bayern * makes people want to support them more . 
  that and you ca n't help but love klopp, 
  it 's simply a continuation of the british fashion to love all things german ( especially football ) . 
  i do n't think it 's a bad thing . 
  as a brit i 've been following the bundesliga for a few years and been clamouring on the my mates in blighty how they need to experience it . 
  i am glad the bundesliga is gaining more recognition in the uk now . 
  hopefully it will become easier to watch it over there . 
  you just described ryanair in europe . 
  the most annoying thing about ryanair is hearing people complain about ryanair . 
  they set the rules , your play by their rules , if you break the rules you pay . 
  that 's how you can fly from london to [ somewhere vaguely near ] berlin for 10 $ . 
  i love you stuff and think you 're a top bloke . 
  hope the scout numbers are picking up in the uk since you took the helm !, 
  i really enjoyed your series escape to the legion . 
  my question : in 2010 i invited you to the national university of ireland , galway ( nuig ) to speak to the gaisce award participants ( irish doe award ) as i think you would have been inspirational . 
  i wrote to and called your people but i never heard back . 
  i know your very busy but is this something you would have done time permitting ? 
  a lot of airport signage is yellow with black writing as this is the easiest combination to read from a distance . 
  i recently visited a friend with lots of mates . 
  we all went out and at the end of the night we were getting taxis home . 
  then we realised a mate was missing . 
  so i waited . 
  everyone went back and i was still waiting . 
  calling the guy . 
  went back to the bar . 
  could n't find him . 
  an hour passed . 
  4am ( so two hours since the bar closed ) . 
  where the f *** is he ? 
  finally , get a phonecall at 4.30 . 
  he had gone home with some girl and not told anyone . 
  he meets me at the taxis . 
  we get a taxi back to our mate 's house . 
  all the available sleeping spaces are taken , or the doors to the bedrooms have been locked . 
  mate pulls out a sleeping bag and goes to sleep . 
  where do i sleep ? 
  ( i flew in from abroad with hand luggage so i did n't have a sleeping bag , everyone was had come by car from an hour away ) . 
  i put on all my clothes . 
  use the scarf i had bought at the football match as a pillow . 
  raincoat for a blanket and curl up in a little ball on the floor . 
  everyone wondered why i was in such a shitty mood the next day . 
  not even 30 and i 'm definitely too old for that shit . 
  i would rather have paid for a hotel !, 
  the union jack is a naval flag . 
  jack refers to it being naval ( ca n't remember how ) . 
  the flag you mean is the union flag . 
  iirc it was referencing the sudan . 
  life, 
  `` everything i know about morality and the obligations of men , i owe it to football ( soccer ) . '',
