  rap . 
  the trap door ; stop it and tidy up ; danger mouse ; sonic the hedgehog, 
  my uni did n't have halls ( galway , but i 'm from cumbria , howdy neighbour ! ), 
  and i had a great time in my uni house . 
  i visited my friends in halls in manchester , liverpool , stirling , and london , and comparing i did n't think i was missing out . 
  you 'll have a great time in your house with your three house mates , and you 'll have a blast at uni !, 
  if you do something like that you have to come up with a predetermined lie !, 
  or tell the truth and hope she thinks you 're lying !, 
  the whole of britain was focused on our greatest night ever in athletics with our poster girl jessica ennis winning gold . 
  well done south korea , but , for once , we really do n't care about the football . 
  ahh , c'mon , use the right doctor at least !, 
  totally forgot about that scene . 
  one of the few scenes i saw of the season with donna because i despise catherine tate . 
  touch\u00e9 though . 
  it does , but let 's face it , no one really gives a crap about the football at the olympics . 
  ask anyone from britain and they 'll tell you the same . 
  hell ask anyone anywhere and they 'll tell you the same . 
  sure south korea are celebrating here , but when they lose in the next round to brazil , no one will weep and no one will remember . 
  do you live in a clockwork orange ? 
  totally agree with this . 
  quality is awful and i asked for l but what they sent me , whilst it said l was huge . 
  far too big . 
  wore the t-shirt once i think . 
  never again . 
  haha , probably . 
  apparently the crowd was singing `` there is only one jess ennis ! '', 
  must be the only time a female athlete 's name has been chanted during a football match !, 
  only you know how strong your relationship but it comes down to one thing : trust . 
  if you ca n't trust her , if you even start to doubt even a bit , it is n't going to work . 
  i met my girlfriend before i went away to university . 
  5 and a half years later we are now living together . 
  i was in ireland and she was in the netherlands , so it was definately long distant ( although we did have some patches of being closer when we were both on exchanges ) . 
  it worked because i trusted her totally and she trusted me . 
  also , i never got myself into a situtation where i could be tempted , and if a girl was overly forward with me , i removed myself from the situation ( once it involved me literally running away as fast as possible ) . 
  despite my having successfully done the long distance , i really would n't recommend it . 
  but do try . 
  and give her no reason to not trust you . 
  skype often ( not every night , but often enough , couple of times a week ) . 
  text her frequently ; let her know your plans . 
  lastly , we saw each other for one week every month , alternating who came to see who and spent summers together . 
  good luck . 
  i wish you the best . 
  you need to get online . 
  i watch streams on nos ( as well as the bbc , sporza , nederland 1 , eurosport and zdf ) sadly they have no commentary but they do show everything else that is on . 
  i 'm sure sporza live has something too . 
  can you get bbc3 ? 
  i have a basic digital package here in nl and i just discovered i have it . 
  also , use a proxy like tunnelbear and you can watch bbc live streams , most of which do have commentary . 
  to answer your question , yeah there are too many swimming events . 
  i think you might need a span filter . 
  if you have been away for a while , ignore this . 
  i started replying to this thread ... oh darn . 
  ~ ~ fun fact ~ ~ interesting tit-bit , in the anglo-sudan war in the 1881-1899 , some sudanese forces captured a british fort , massacred all inside and dressed up as british soldiers . 
  the idea was the they would allow the relief force to enter the fort and kill them too . 
  however , one of the last acts by the fort 's commander was to turn the union flag upside down ( the bottom image in your picture ) . 
  as the relief force approached they saw the flag was incorrect , realised something was wrong and it stopped them from walking into a trap . 
  from a distance , probably not and not until it was too late . 
  i love how the next photo on imgur is a picture of bridgehouse in ambleside !, 
  go the lake district !, 
  a-levels ? 
  hey , do n't feel bad , it 's not the worst !, 
  if you can get into a university ( in the uk , or anywhere ) , then when you get your degree people wont give a crap about the a-levels !, 
  incidently , i have a masters and i 'm unemployed . 
  but to make you feel better , my mate 's dad left school at 16 and he 's a millionaire . 
  was n't one at 16 . 
  i read in a book once ( i believe it was called * french revolutions * , its about the tour de france ) , that the americans left crates of methampetamine all over western europe after the war . 
  i do n't remember the particulars but essentially it made it very easy to obtain and since cyclists were in an incredibly physically demanding sport that is how the doping culture of cycling developed : an abundance of the drug after the war and a ruddy demanding sport . 
  tom cruise coming out of the closet . 
  do n't be silly . 
  being a doctor is a man 's job . 
  they would have to change the show to nurse who . 
  pole-vaulting was invented in my home town of ulverston , cumbria . 
  interesting , but if you reference properly then this should n't be an issue . 
  yup . 
  in galway , ireland , they are made of metal . 
  it rains a lot in galway so they most certainly do not provide any traction !, 
  i 've noticed that starting with `` so ... '' is a very american thing to do . 
  my american friend does it a lot . 
  i find it odd . 
  i believe their official job title is `` bog troll '', 
  has n't stopped people though !, 
  `` we do n't want to fight but by jingo if we do ... 
  we 've got the ships , we 've got the men , and got the money too ! '', 
  had sex on the beach once . 
  well , i * tried * to have on the beach but sand got ** absolutely everywhere !, 
  ** the amount of friction just made it impossible . 
  oh , and then we nearly got run over by a beach comber . 
  at first i was all `` wtf ! '' . 
  then i saw your username . 
  bravo . 
  on another note , people should endeavour to box him in !, 
  toss-up between berlin and melbourne . 
  it drove around us , we were never in mortal peril . 
  i accidently a word . 
  say 2 litres on the bottle , 
  are you peter griffin 's evil twin brother , [ thaddeus ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ptqkaojyys&amp;feature=player_detailpage ), 
  this one was instant karma against me . 
  had a friend over when i was about 9 or 10 . 
  we had just finished watching some episodes of red dwarf and we were a bit bored so he asked `` what shall we do know ? '',
