  purple 's a fruit . 
  if you have shit china you do it that way otherwise the heat can break the china . 
  of course this means one has poor quality china and one should not settle for poor china . 
  would n't work . 
  people would start stealing it to write novels . 
  - for when you brain fart and forget the word for bill, 
  what would you say then ? 
  always looking to improve !, 
  one near me called the stagger inn, 
  not as risqu\u00e9 as above but still . 
  went to a pub in my home town once while crawling the whole town ( in 2008 it stood at 23 pubs for 20000 people ) . 
  we opted for stella for the whole thing . 
  why ? 
  well it 's a lot of pubs . 
  wanted to stick to the same . 
  no mixing and all that . 
  half way through we get to a rough pub that has since closed . 
  no stella . 
  carling or fosters . 
  fosters it is . 
  tasted like egg . 
  incidentally most pubs in my town back then were robinson 's . 
  and back in 2008 they made shit beer . 
  except dizzy blonde . 
  we chose lager because an ale in some of the pubs we were going to would have been a death sentence . 
  i should have said we drank pilsener . 
  put a fancy name on it a people will lap it up . 
  to hide the thumb nail and spoilers ? 
  while you are correct , it was n't really relevant to ops post . 
  so i think we can forgive them . 
  i only played this because of the name . 
  only because it says hungary . 
  firefly . 
  i can see the appeal and it 's a decent enough show , but i really do n't like it . 
  i 've seen serenity and half the episodes and i 'm not going to watch anymore . 
  hey i 'm quite new to running and i have mild asthma too . 
  how well do you have your asthma under control ? 
  running really triggered mine for years but then i saw an asthma specialist through my gp . 
  i thought i had my asthma under control but i did n't . 
  not even close . 
  now i take two puffs brown morning and night . 
  and two puffs morning and night . 
  i usually run in the evening ( 18h42 here and i 'm about to go ) so i 'll take my two evening puffs now and none later . 
  even once you have the asthma under control you will still struggle with lung capacity at first . 
  go at a steady pace . 
  what ever feels comfortable even if you think it 's slow . 
  you 'll get into a rhythm of running and you want a good breathing rhythm . 
  steady . 
  it gets easier then and you can go further and further . 
  do n't worry about stopping to take a breather if you need it . 
  i 'm sure others can expand but i wanted to share my experience . 
  brown - beclometasone dipropionate 100mg, 
  blue - ventolin 100mg edit : that 's the brand . 
  so yes albutamol . 
  check with you doctor for what you can take . 
  having the asthma under control is important and each person will require different medication . 
  this is what i was prescribed, 
  no idea myself !, 
  just what i was told . 
  last check my lung pressure was waaaaay lower than someone my age ( 27 ) should have . 
  and i do n't smoke !, 
  check with your doc if you can take 1 or 2 pre exercise . 
  it really helped me and stopped triggering it during . 
  i thought you were op !, 
  my mistake . 
  appreciate the comments . 
  i 'll ask my gp next time i see him . 
  we should give him the noble peace prize and when he is on the plane to oslo , divert it to the usa . 
  once he lands in usa , cuff ` im . 
  i have no idea how legal that would be , but they did it in * the simpsons * with krusty so it must be fine . 
  i 'm not from kendal but i am from cumbria . 
  i think him being liked was why he won . 
  another lib dem would have lost just for being lib dem . 
  it 's like discriminating people based on their accent is acceptable . 
  i 've been openly mocked for my accent ( cumbrian ) to my face and that does n't feel good . 
  there is a book called fatherland that is set in the 60s leading up to hitler 's 75 birthday . 
  it 's by robert harris . 
  i found it a very interesting read for a what if history . 
  it is also a thriller as a detective investigates the murder of a high ranking nazi . 
  so if you want some idea as to how the world may have looked you could read that . 
  it 's a pretty good book on it 's own . 
  it 's also a film from 1994 but i have n't seen it . 
  looked it up and sounds really interesting . 
  bought the book !, 
  the netherlands : euro sport 2 . 
  this one i got on my way to work http://imgur.com/zqyw7rm, 
  i feel like this bbc article from 2010 is relevant , even if it is about cricket : ashes : how to stay up all night without preparation - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-11814630, 
  how to stay up all night without preparation to watch the ashes . 
  my dad had an ex girlfriend in the 70s who would bring carrots to the cinema . 
  mentions people not complaining about tennis . 
  i do n't think tennis , or association football , should be olympic sports either . 
  the cycling example is a bad one : you ca n't compare a one day race with the tour de france ( 21 days !! ) . 
  you can compare to a one day classic such as paris-roubaix and i think the olympics are similarly prestigious to those . 
  made me nauseous . 
  i bought a double edge razor in september as treat to myself . 
  also got 25 blades with it . 
  the 25 blades cost 7 $ . 
  i have 5 left . 
  i would have ten but i accidentally tried to take them through airport security so 5 got binned . 
  7 $ to shave comfortably for a year ?
