  a lot of people commenting that people were cheering so some context is needed on the game :, 
  before the match bradford were awarded the trophy for winning the third division . 
  that was why the match was televised in the first place . 
  it was also probably why so many supporters were in high spirits . 
  yeah , their system annoyed me too . 
  i applied to a lot with my family and we only got 16 tickets to ireland v canada ( going with the whole family , but we still only needed 8 ! ), 
  afaik specific nations should be done through the specific nations fan clubs from december . 
  i believe in july , the allocation is to a specific match number . 
  match 2 - lens - team a3 v team a4 15h k.o, 
  anyone can apply . 
  just need to provide your passport number . 
  the official resale ballot , yes . 
  other websites may offer resale tickets but these will be unofficial and will certainly be at a higher price . 
  be wary of these . 
  the only place to buy official tickets if through uefa ticket portal . 
  hell fire , my home town is in that league !, 
  i used to play for them too !, 
  signed, 
  no , there is a application window from 10 june - 10 july where you select how many tickets you want and for which games ( as in game 2 , game 6 etc. 
  no one has qualified yet ... except france ) . 
  this application then goes to a lottery system . 
  you get all your tickets , or none at all . 
  so be strategic !, 
  if you took part in the london 2012 ticketing , think of that system i guess . 
  from december , after the draw is made , tickets will be allocated to the qualified fas and members of their supporters clubs can apply for tickets to specific matches featuring that nation . 
  if you were unlucky in either of these times , in march/april next year anyone who received tickets can resell them on an official platform * at face value * . 
  great question !, 
  the way i understand it is that every match has a number . 
  opening game is # 1 , the final is # 51 . when you submit your application you can select a match # 45 - # 48 ( the quarter final matches ) . 
  you will know the date of the match and the venue . 
  this means you can select the match you want to see , but you will not know who is playing . 
  wait , what point are you trying to make ? 
  britain 's coalition was a very rare thing and it 's gone now . 
  one party with a majority . 
  our first past the post system means we pretty much have a two party system . 
  although the scottish national party have split the opposition . 
  but our ruling party receive around 34 % of the national vote ( 11m votes ) and won a majority ... of 12 . 
  ukip won the third largest amount of votes . 
  they won one seat . 
  snp won 1.5 m votes and won 56 seats . 
  a better example of multi party would be germany , or even the netherlands . 
  oh i see what you mean now . 
  yes , britain 's is very flawed , totally agree . 
  yes , it keeps out ukip , but a party getting that many votes should not win only one seat , regardless of whether you agree with their policies : its undemocratic . 
  ah , the giggle loop . 
  did that in the cricket net once . 
  caught it on the sole too , so it did n't hurt . 
  man was my coach mad . 
  hey !, 
  i know you !, 
  you 're from cumberland !, 
  yeah !, 
  chin up marra !, 
  close enough for this sub i think . 
  i 'm from furness in any case . 
  we do n't use it really . 
  god 's work son, 
  it 's funny , when i heard there was a british show called `` i love my country '' i instantly assumed it would be terrible . 
  never seen it though . 
  i have seen `` ik hou van holland '' and that is pretty good . 
  maybe because i do n't find dutch patriotism cringe worthy . 
  godver ... see kid looking at you ... driedubbletjes !!!!!, 
  that at : godverdikkie . 
  basically dutch version of sh ... ugar !, 
  or fiddlesticks, 
  ulverstone is in tasmania !, 
  but he should n't . 
  barrow is a dive . 
  i should add that ulverston is also in the region called furness, 
  dam right . 
  ulverston is the best town in the world, 
  first since carlisle i believe ? 
  france won silver in the cricket in 1900 . 
  gb won gold . 
  however , the regining olympic champions for rugby is the united states, 
  accident . 
  ahem ... 
  bloody hell ... that 's disgraceful, 
  was wondering what a carlisle fan would post ... aaaand you nailed it . 
  thanks for that . 
  honestly , you 're right . 
  terrible managers , a player who score * that goal * against you , or a referee who made a * very * questionnable decision ; i can understand the hate . 
  and piers morgan - well who does n't hate him ? 
  but just because the player moved clubs ? 
  there is very little loyalty in football !, 
  get over it . 
  last year they voted for a man dressed as a woman . 
  in other years they have voted for a transexual . 
  eurovision is probably one of the most accepting competitions out there . 
  if it is the best song , it will win . 
  well , it is pentecost , which is why we have the day off in nl . 
  maybe the british one was originally for the same reason ? 
  now just called spring bank holiday ? 
  i liked it , but at the start she sounded drunk . 
  december 30 . 
  go into the ah buy many many cases of beer and wine . 
  `` big party planned ? '', 
  `` no , i 'm 16 . '', 
  this is exactly what it looks like after i 've built a load of tanks on red alert and i am now launching my attack on the enemy base . 
  dutch supermarket albert heijn .
