  my only question is : if you are paying to warm your house anyway , why not just dry your clothes using the heat you are already using ? 
  again , i know it gets cold in norway , but i would appreciate a response to my curiosity , 
  some eurozone countries do n't even use the 1 and 2 cent coins . 
  the netherlands is my point of reference here . 
  yeah speed is the issue . 
  takes a long time . 
  also i have read that it is unhealthy to dry clothes in rooms that you often use.i dry mine in the living room , for lack of space and no outdoor area and no dryer . 
  apparently , it increases the moisture in the air and that is not good . 
  anyway , you give a good tip for how to use the dryer efficiently !, 
  the coast to coast in england [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coast_to_coast_walk] ( wo n't let me hyperlink , sorry about that ) took me two weeks . 
  for the reasons of resting etc. 
  i 'm hoping for brussels , $ 40k p.a. 
  no tax as a starting point . 
  but as your can imagine , the comp is tough . 
  unless the book is written backwards . 
  the `` you eat x number of spiders in your sleep '' is believable though , in fairness as they like warm , damp , dark places , which your mouth happily provides . 
  not claiming to have proof , mind you . 
  fair point . 
  never forget : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war, 
  if you go north to canada , the british also recognised the ` mistakes ' ( what i mean by this is the actions of the crown that led to the american revolution in the first place , namely taxation without representation ) that they had made and then made moves to try to ensure it would n't happen there too . 
  iirc the british gave canada slightly more autonomy , or at least more input into the running of the colony as it moved more towards becoming a dominion . 
  also , the population in canada was much smaller . 
  very vague over view , but it 's what i can remember off the top of my head . 
  i agree . 
  1798 became known as the year of the french as humbert landed in mayo . 
  he had relative success considering he had no artillery . 
  i believe that this rebellion also led to the act of union in 1801 . 
  is this correct ? 
  my father does this . 
  it works . 
  the dominions of the british empire ( canada , australia , new zealand , and south africa ) , definitely by the first world war were largely independent but still relied upon the mother country for defence and the governor generals did have a fair whack of power but only exercised it in times of crisis ( hung parliaments , for example ) . 
  this is how the british commonwealth came about : by the time of the first meeting they were all considered equals alongside britain . 
  in the long run this led to the commonwealth 's own downfall . 
  ah you 've got me there . 
  do n't really know i 'm afraid : i 've never studied the american revolution in any great depth . 
  i had forgotten about that line too , until you mentioned it !, 
  but i do not think that canada was restricted that way . 
  iirc that line was drawn after a treaty with native tribes ( for what that was worth , different story though ! ), 
  and since britain took over the french land in canada to the west of the maritime provinces i do n't think there was such restrictions , but i 'm not sure . 
  speaking of the french in canada , the british offered them an amount of autonomy ( more so than british canada ) so that they would n't go the way of the americans to the south . 
  very possibly true so i 'll take your word for it . 
  american revolution is n't my area of expertise , i 'm more of the second british empire kind of guy so i 've only looked at the ar briefly . 
  really good response , thank you . 
  my knowledge here is sketchy , but i do know that the british cobelled together the different provinces to form the federation of canada as they felt it would be easier to govern as one big country . 
  the british loved creating federations : why deal with lots of little states when you could deal with one big one !, 
  some worked ( canada , australia ) some did n't take off ( west indies ) , some were pretty disastrous ( central african federation ) . 
  i have not heard the bluegrass tribute to modest mouse !, 
  do you have a link ? 
  on another side note , do you know why canada is called canada ? 
  my understanding is that the tribe that when jacques cartier first navigated the st lawrence he met a native tribe who took him to their settlement , which was called something like kanata . 
  they also cured his scurvy using pine needles boiled in water . 
  cartier wrote this in his diary , which was read a few centuries later by a british surgeon who then experimented and settled on giving british sailors limes . 
  i love history . 
  so before that it was just de facto in so much as it had n't been put in practice , as you say . 
  nice use of ` other ' balfour declaration . 
  i liked that . 
  oh i know , i just liked how you put it . 
  made me smile . 
  eniac was not the first computer ever built . 
  it was the 11th . 
  colossus was the first computer ever built and there were 10 of them . 
  eniac was the first general purpose . 
  damn bbc article lied to me : `` eniac was not the first computer , it was the 11th '', 
  or maybe i did n't read it right . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  i forgot about that . 
  i 'm just going to leave this here . 
  also , you do n't want to be near them when they are hungry : http://oglaf.com/ornithology/1/ : nsfw warning . 
  especially considering that when you sign your contract for mcdonalds you agree that you will not , nor will you ever , bad mouth the corporation in public ( so to the media , or reddit , obviously you can speak to your mates ) . 
  i used to work for them in the netherlands and i had to sign something to that effect . 
  until a stag ruined everything and england lost a large portion of its longbowmen at the battle of patay , contributing to their eventual defeat . 
  but the muscle needed to draw those longbows was insane . 
  they have found graves of longbow men and their drawing arms are so disfigured . 
  afaik you were never suppose to say ` thank you ' . 
  when you sneezed you ` let the devil out ' and that 's why people blessed you ( also related to the plague ) . 
  if you said ` thank you ' you would let the devil back in . 
  if anything saying thank you would undo their good samaritan task of blessing you and should be considered rude and ungrateful to their kind acts . 
  edit : i accidently a word . 
  my mate 's dad refuses to use them too . 
  he goes into the bank every friday and gets his cash out for the week from the person behind the counter . 
  it is a typo that i did not notice and it should not be there . 
  you can tell which country occupied which area of germany after the war by the football stadiums ( my friend from near offenburg tells me ) . 
  bascially , british zone : very british stadiums . 
  american/french zones , very american stadiums . 
  i know it 's not * that * interesting , but i always enjoyed that little fact . 
  still do if you go to jersey/guernsey, 
  i have two that involve me and one that involves someone else :, 
  i was in strasbourg ( relevant ) at a house party and , for any of you who have done an university exchange know , you can get pretty drunk . 
  i did and then decided i was hungry . 
  it being late at night in france i figured the most logical place to get food was in germany . 
  so i hoped on my bike and cycled 30 minutes into another country . 
  i got my big tasty fine and it was delicious . 
  did i mention it was snowing ? 
  on the way back i realised my brakes were no longer working , as i was coming down the bridge back into france . 
  as the snow was drifting up quite deep , i came off the curb . 
  my front wheel snapped in two and i was catapulted . 
  next thing i remember was two french customs officers asking me if i was ok , telling me they had reset my dislocated shoulder andthat my bike was fucked . 
  when i was fully with it again i asked for a lift . 
  they declined and made me walk . 
  two algerians picked me up ( thankfully ) .
