  one great thing is that many people can use the same account !, 
  i have had no streaming issues . 
  i also often play it on my ipad and watch on my tv via apple tv . 
  also , no issues there with quality . 
  the library is constantly expanded as they get more and more rights to stuff . 
  it 's decent and i 've watched quite a few things . 
  the dutch library is not too bad , but the movie section is a bit crap . 
  unless you have kids !, 
  i use tunnelbear vpn , because it also works great on my phones and ipad . 
  this gives me access to canada/usa/uk netflix . 
  argentina has a great movie section if you can get a vpn to give you that . 
  they even have friends !, 
  tunnelbear is 50u $ d for the year , unlimited data . 
  i used mediahint and hola , but they were poor compared to this paid version ( other paid vpns are out there , i just happen to use this one ) . 
  so , maybe do n't sign up immediately !, 
  but i would recommend it . 
  if you live in the lake district , just go to a lake * !, 
  sod the beach . 
  also , you ca n't see barrow from the west coast mainline ... 
  but back to being practical . 
  there is a bus from penrith station to ullswater . 
  the 108 http://www.ullswater.com/index.php?page=transport, 
  ninja edit : * i am well aware there is only one actual lake . 
  check out the dutch zwarte piet ( black peter ) . 
  everyone goes crazy about how it is racist and it is disgraceful . 
  everyone except ... the dutch , to whom the tradition belongs . 
  no break with the company . 
  also what you are describing is for a contract directly with a company , not via an uitzendbureau . 
  edit : but i appreciate the response . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i figured it was probably something they do . 
  i 'm pushing for a normal contract with one of the parent companies to cut out the bureau . 
  i guess i 'll just push harder !, 
  bodger the badger . 
  god , i was standing in line once in to get into a place on halloween . 
  big queue , snaking around the car park , but still a queue . 
  then one person sees their friend at the front and just cuts the queue . 
  next thing you know the queue is gone and it is a big crush to get into the place . 
  i ended being crushed up against the railing that had been put up at very , front of the queue and i noped out . 
  i do n't know which picture you are referring to specifically but what you see generally is glaciers and mountains . 
  antarctica has many mountains , the one is the highest http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vinson_massif , but the land in antarctica is also quite high generally http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/antarctic_plateau . 
  glaciers carve the rock over time as glaciers are always advancing ( some at faster rates than others . 
  if the ice is not being restored as fast as it breaks off , the glacier will be said to be retreating . 
  but they are always moving forward ! ), 
  so what you see is glaciers and mountains . 
  some glaciers do get filthy like the vantisquero negro in argentina http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tronador#geography_and_geology, 
  that blue of glacier you see if the ice so densely packed that there is no air left trapped in it . 
  braces are n't extremely painful . 
  i had them for 18 months . 
  teeth were a bit numb when they got tightened . 
  contact the bar ? 
  maybe they had a reservation there at it was such a large group . 
  perhaps the bar has done contact info , like the name of the group . 
  op said are . 
  a better quantifier would have been can , because of course they can . 
  as i said after i got them tightened that numbness was not nice at all . 
  also it felt like my ortho was tearing my mouth open !, 
  also , 7 years ?!, 
  holy crap . 
  how come so long ? 
  it appears i have royally stuffed up the title . 
  can i change it to first deserved sacking ? 
  i deleted the first time i posted this as i incorrectly said it was the first football league sacking of the season , which it is not . 
  10 august - mark robins - huddersfield town ( sacked ), 
  28 august - dave hockaday - leeds united ( sacked ), 
  31 august - giuseppe sannino - watford ( resigned ), 
  1 september - graham kavanagh - carlisle united ( sacked ), 
  1 september - joe dunne - colchester united ( mutual consent ), 
  i hope this makes up for my muppetry !, 
  ninja edit : added huddersfield, 
   please let us just fucking win a game . 
  hear , hear !, 
  nice to turn on the tv to see us actually winning . 
  really should not be getting thrashed by newly promoted sides . 
  in defence of the board , i honestly think it was time for abbott to go . 
  he had taken carlisle as far as he could imo . 
  yes , he won us the league trophy , got us to another final , and also took us to the league one playoff semi-final . 
  i will always be grateful for that . 
  but from there , carlisle were dropping and when he was sacked , carlisle were in a poor position . 
  i agree with your points about kavanagh . 
  he was a poor choice to replace abbott, 
  of course germans do n't care about , you got to the world cup final shortly after it , but germany still lost 5-1 * at home * , and only their second ever qualifying defeat . 
  it 's pretty iconic . 
  if germany had continued to be as awful as they were in euro 2000 then it may have started to play on the national conciousness . 
  but you qualified , destroyed saudi arabia and got to the final . 
  ghosts exorcised . 
  5-1 defeat forgotten . 
  germany rebuilds quite nicely . 
  england continue to be bollocks and so hang on to a pretty impressive victory . 
  other countries , however , ( and just herp derp small countries like england ) , can look at that defeat and think `` well , they * can * be beaten . '', 
  but all that said , i think any country would take a 5-1 home defeat if it came with germany 's record !, 
  if help you mean blow his whistle and call for his commander !, 
  ah , much different . 
  did n't know that !, 
  templehof closed a few years ago . 
  bull !, 
  choc chills and tim-tams are also the shit , along with aussie rules . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ go ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ eagles, 
  and do n't forget the custard kerfuffle of last season !, 
  poor ~ ~ norman ~ ~ howard .
