  took me long to know what alma mater is !, 
  someone said hull , which is probably true . 
  they did the whole '' fake city lights in a field '' in barrow-in-furness too . 
  barrow was ( is ) a major ship building town ( also once the largest steel works in the world ) . 
  they put lights in a field near barrow . 
  that field got blitzed to hell . 
  barrow was relatively ok . 
  you are right . 
  it 's a gentleman 's agreement . 
  there was a lot of discussion about it when the fa was considering naturalising arteta , but did n't , due to the agreement . 
  so junior hoillet could play for england , but that would n't be cricket , old boy . 
  and now i 'm picturing a burger hanging on a street corner saying how he was raised on the streets . 
  basically the coat of arms of the city of carlisle . 
  the wyverns are the regent of cumbria and the castle depicts the castle in the city as carlisle is an historic fort city . 
  i love barrow afc badge : it has a nuclear submarine on it and a bee being shot by an arrow ( bee + arrow = barrow ) . 
  it also contains the red rose of lancashire . 
  although barrow is now in cumbria , it was historically part of the duchy of lancashire , it 's exclave north of the sands . 
  two soldiers died in the uk two years ago while on sas selection training due to heat http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/10178631/two-soldiers-die-in-heat-while-training-in-brecon-beacons.html, 
  neil gaiman . 
  he 's a brilliant writer . 
  at 11am on a tuesday , in a coffee house . 
   `` friends mentioned this once . 
  they are all complaining about how their bosses hate them and they do n't know why and joey says `` maybe it 's because you 're all hanging in a coffee house at 11am on a tuesday ! '', 
  yes , i know i got the day and time wrong for the quote . 
  in britain we would say that 's not a dragon , that 's a wyvern . 
  wyverns only have two legs . 
  carlisle united ( my flair ) also has wyverns . 
  however , apparently outside of britain there is rarely a distinction made if a dragon has two or four legs and wyverns are probably related to dragons anyway . 
  i do n't know where i was going with this , but now you know about wyverns . 
  or * une vouivre * ( ou * wyverne * ) in french . 
  `` so how exactly does this thing work ? '', 
  i glanced up from the crossword and chewed down my mouth full of bacon sandwich . 
  i cleared my throat before answering . 
  `` it 's a toaster , john . 
  you put bread it in and toast comes out . '', 
  `` yeah , i know that . 
  but how exactly does this thing work . 
  like , this particular toaster . '', 
  `` again , like any other : bread in ; handle down ; wait ; pop toast . '', 
  i explained and then return my attention to the crossword , satisfied i had explained it foolproofly . 
  `` what is it now ? '' i asked . 
  `` it 's just ... '' he began . 
  `` what ? '', 
  `` it 's just i tried that , and it did n't work . 
  look , '' he pushed the leaver down and nothing happened . 
  `` is it plugged in ? '', 
  what 's wrong with mythical creatures on a flair , exactly ? 
  ( joke ), 
  i have a dictionary extension that shows me definitions if i double click a word . 
  pood `` an old russian unit of weight , approximately 36 pounds '', 
  funt `` an old russian unit of weight , approximately 410 grams '', 
  loving the measurement crossover . 
  back when paul robinson was playing for england , he came flying out of his goal to punch away a ball in his full yellow kit . 
  mark lawrenson , the commentator , said `` he was like a flying banana '', 
  pause, 
  pause, 
  i do n't know why , but i found it hysterical at the time when watching the match . 
  withings counts your steps and gives you badges depending on how far you have walked . 
  once you have done the equivalent of a marathon , you get the marathon badge , or the length of loch ness then the loch ness badge . 
  got married . 
  lost 5 kilograms ( 11lbs ), 
  got a new contract . 
  when i was 6 i thought the word trap began with the letter `` tr '', 
  morecambe pies . 
  frequent flyer status level with united airline . 
  silver -  gold -  platinum -  1k . 
  so 1k is the highest level . 
  from what i can see op would have needed to have flown on 120 qualifying segments in the last calendar year to reach that status , and have spent $ 12,000 . 
  if you have a transfer , each flight is considered a segment ( i am presuming , as that is how it works for me , but i fly klm ) . 
  each reward status level gives you more privileges and the higher your status , the more reward miles the airline gives you . 
  for me on klm is i earn 500 miles from a flight , klm will give me an extra 100 % . 
  if i was in the lower status , i would get 75 % , or 50 % extra etc. 
  schlenkerla rauchbier - liquid bacon . 
  bloody amazing . 
  wainwright - beautiful golden ale . 
  but since the former is difficult to get in nl and the latter is neigh on impossible , my favourite to drink here would probably be :, 
  brewdog punk ipa, 
  nobody remember nl v czechs in euro 2004 . 
  nl 2-0 up but czechs fight back to 3-2 . 
  amazing game of football, 
  iirc he `` signed '' for man utd . 
  then he signed for chelsea . 
  chelsea had to pay man utd for the transfer . 
  it 's why we left and ( re ) created cumbria . 
  much more interesting than either of you . 
  i have a contact lens . 
  just one . 
  right eye . 
  left is totally fine but right eye 2.0 . 
  so i have one lens . 
  i hate wearing it horrible uncomfortable thing . 
  ca n't wear glasses though : left eye so good that even a clear lens would distort it . 
  good thing is i do n't have to wear the lens to see !, 
  but i get a headache behind the computer all day if i do n't wear it and with it in it 's like hd tv !, 
  if you go to your browser history and delete something a pop up appears that says `` are you sure you want to delete these pages from your history ? 
  psst !, 
  incognito mode ( ctrl + shift + n ) may come in handy next time . '', 
  you can change the language in facebook to be upside down english . 
  also an option : pirate . 
  other languages also available .
