  honestly . 
  friends mentioned this once . 
  they are all complaining about how their bosses hate them and they do n't know why and joey says `` maybe it 's because you 're all hanging in a coffee house at 11am on a tuesday ! '', 
  i hated learning this , but [ wasps are apparently pretty important to our ecosystem . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wasp#role_in_ecosystem ) they play a role in pollination and population control . 
  `` the doctor has been exterminated '' / r/doctorwho, 
  alternatively : `` the doctor has been upgraded . '', 
  i use / r/europe to keep up to date with current affairs across the continent . 
  ireland, 
  netherlands, 
  jobs and a bit of a loan . 
  i came here to say this . 
  would be a pretty major obstacle . 
  also have to make sure it would n't interfere with the lng line , the britned cable or the power stations on the isle of grain . 
  [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2012/04/scottish-independence-and-balkans ) wrote a piece on this in april 2012 . 
  i was more surprised by cap d'agde . 
  i get it has a nudist beach but it 's awfully specific !, 
  also , i was worried that hungary had three entries for incest ... 
  my understanding is that argentina 's argument on the matter is that it has nothing to do with the citizenship of the inhabitants , but the ownership of the land . 
  which is odd because it sounds like they would be happy to own the islands , but let everyone be british , but this would obviously not be the case . 
  are you suggesting some sort of system that could be powered by electricity that , possibly using water , could transfer the heat from inside a building , back outside , thus reducing the overall temperature inside ? 
  that 's madness !, 
  no such thing could exsist !, 
  `` lakes '' + `` play '' = ? 
  must be playdale . 
  * open link *, 
  confirmed . 
  definately saw that one on the bbc years ago . 
  i got that movie years ago . 
  yet to watch it . 
  now i must . 
  how is dead snow not the top film for norway ?!, 
  ridiculous !, 
  well , clearly its to do with the oil that is potentially there , i meant their rhetoric !, 
  watermist , that is actually a beer mist . 
  wait , its qatar . 
  nevermind, 
  i downloaded that once . 
  except it was n't troll hunter that i ended up with ( despite the file name ) . 
  it was porn . 
  i made the most of that situation as best i could . 
  do n't beat yourself up . 
  its a good map and a great idea , it just needs a few tweaks !, 
  i hear you all shudder at the moment . 
  i 'll do my best to answer this , but my memory is sketchy :, 
  as smallpox was pretty prevelant in the 15th and 16th century europe , most of the crew that columbus took with him on his voyages would have already have come into contact with the disease and , most likely , would have already survived the disease , or were naturally immune . 
  however , this does not mean that they could still carry the pathogens . 
  it is possible that some members of the crew contracted smallpox on the voyage . 
  but there is no way of knowing for certain and this is pure speculation on my part . 
  what is most likely , is that the crew would have carried the smallpox pathogens with them from europe and taken them into the new world without realising it , where it would have devastated the population that had never come into contact with the disease before . 
  [ this site ] ( http://www.pbs.org/gunsgermssteel/variables/smallpox.html ) makes the claim that an infected african slave in 1520 brought the disease over to the americas . 
  one of the first known instances of biological warfare was during the siege of fort pitt during the pontiac 's war ( 1763-63 ) when the british gave blankets infected with smallpox to the lenape ( delaware indians ) ( anderson , * crucible of war * ) . 
  where there instances before that ? 
  possibly , but i do not know . 
  tl ; dr at first , probably not . 
  later , it was used as a weapon . 
  was n't he stuck head first , upside down too ? 
  i have rthe same desk !, 
  minus the awesome cover . 
  i 'm sad now . 
  i do n't think he was screwed by history though . 
  history sees him as a hero and a genius . 
  screwed over by his contemporaries , yes . 
  history , no . 
  how have i gone 26 years without knowing of this ? 
  watch * before sunrise * if you have n't yet . 
  i agree . 
  it was n't that i did n't enjoy the second two , it just that i felt the first to be much more complete ( because when the second ended , you knew there had to be a third ) and then you really do wish it was all ` what if ' . 
  but it just says he did n't have enough money to pay for the plane , but we do n't know how much money he did have . 
  maybe the 29 $ helped make up the difference that he could n't afford . 
  but he subsidised the rest of the cost . 
  i bought two threadless tees in my size . 
  they arrived . 
  they were the size i ordered ( l ) , but they were a tent on me !, 
  god knows what their measurements for l are . 
  also , they were made of ~ ~ toilet paper ~ ~ really poor quality cotton that felt like it might as well be toilet paper . 
  fool me once . 
  it a bad header , yes but the ball floats from the bounce of the ball . 
  however , by that time , the keeper was committed . 
  you can tell he was expecting the ball to come further back . 
  he has to go for the header , otherwise zlatan has a clear run on goal . 
  keeper 's thinking : head ball out , run back , give defenders time to get in position . 
  it 's sound reasoning from hart , but a poorly executed header ruins it all . 
  i agree with cyborg_127 , by this point he prob has no confidenc ein his defence anymore . 
  also , no one else but zlatan could have scored that ( ok , maybe ronaldo . 
  but you get my point ), 
  true , but it 's zlatan against a defence he already scored a hat-trick against . 
  you would put money on him scoring !, 
  this was my uncle 's job . 
  for years . 
  after he retired from the french army , of course . 
  it was great : we got to ski in the french alps and not have t pay for accommodation . 
  he 's retired now . 
  we got so much tomme de savoire when he did . 
  that was 10 years ago . 
  we are still eating his cheese . 
  its great . 
  ever had tomme de savoire on a raclette ? 
  it 's not the most othodox , but its bloody amazing . 
  yeah , that bridge is never going to happen .
