  bloody uk biometric passport readers . 
  never register my french passport . 
  other countries , no problem . 
  figured . 
  i use it to confuse uk border force . 
  `` but he has a northern accent ... how does he have a french passport ? '', 
  maybe the same way merlin says `` blow me to bermuda '' and then comes back in an hawaiian shirt in the sword in the stone : magic ? 
  nah , that 's a bear, 
  there is also the idea of ` the power of three ' . 
  using three things creates an emphasis and is used repeatedly throughout history . 
  one of the best examples is the call of the french revolution : * libert\u00e9 , egalit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 *, 
  i can also remember hearing it in the game red alert : * fight . 
  win . 
  prevail . 
  quasimodo had a pretty fuck-up back story . 
  i have thought the same thing in the past so i have googled it a bit . 
  the [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brodie_helmet ) on the subject gives quite a good answer . 
  you have to go back to the world war one . 
  the british wanted a design that was strong and that did not use a lot of material . 
  ultimately , the helmet was designed to protect the wearer from shrapnel from shell-burst from * above * , which was the most likely direction it would come from when in the trenches . 
  on to world war two . 
  simply , the helmet was kept , although with some comfort modifications . 
  a new helmet replaced it in 1944 , and as you can see from the [ photo here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mk_iii_helmet ) it is closer to the designs of the us and german helmets . 
  amazon . 
  the point was to leave no visible marks . 
  they probably knew how to look for poison . 
  and they would suspect poison . 
  few people would have access to it or be able to get near a king so they would instantly suspected . 
  not saying you are wrong btw . 
  you are correct . 
  but the point of edward ii was to kill him in such a way that it could not be traced back to mortimer . 
  on a side note : i wonder how many people were `` poisoned '' but in actual fact just died due to poor hygiene in preparing food !, 
  i studied in ireland , although not in limerick , but galway , which is also quite small . 
  honestly , i had an amazing time there and i 'm sure you would have a great time in limerick . 
  the university itself , as long as it is n't an it ( institute of technology ) , will be good . 
  after trinity , they are all of a similar good standard . 
  so we 're just going to ignore the white czech and white belgian ? 
  or what , were they kidnapped ? 
  maybe it 's you who is racist !, 
  my friend did this only it was next door to his house . 
  he would leave the door unlocked so the got going deliver to his sofa . 
  i was going to suggest the same !, 
  pretty decent stuff . 
  catchy . 
  i thought urine contained ammonium , which was why they pissed on scarves ? 
  from what i gather they are taking about the spa area ( roman baths ) and sauna . 
  in germany i had a similar issue of uncertainty . 
  so i brought my togs with me . 
  i was then told it was n't allowed . 
  so bring them as you can probably wear them in the pool , but in the spa and sauna you 'll probably have to strip . 
  growing up , my parents were n't sport fans so i liked man utd because my older brother did . 
  then i like blackburn because my best mate did . 
  when i was about 16 i decided that these arbitrary reasons were daft so i decided to support the only professional team in my county : carlisle united . 
  molluscs such as mussels , oyster , etc. 
  why ? 
  because i have developed an intolerance to them so they make me very ill . 
  barrow-in-furness . 
  the article from / u/para _ padre is good . 
  we did n't get hong kong from a treaty , but we got surrounding islands as part of the 99 year lease . 
  once that lease was up on the ` new territories ' , keeping hong kong without them was not viable , so hong kong was returned at the same time . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why keeping hk was not viable , but i believe it had something to do with water : the main water sources for hk were on the surrounding islands . 
  edit : spelling, 
  arc the pigs, 
  fair point . 
  my answer would be because the deal was made with the ruling body of china and even if that changed , the deal would still be kept with the ruling government , with prc being the recognised government and ` successor ' of those whom we signed the treaty with . 
  when we say britain and portugal have the longest surviving alliance , we are talking about an alliance that has passed from monarchy to dictatorship , to democracy . 
  also , because it 's china and you want to stay on the good side of china for lovely trade . 
  yeah !, 
  this is my uncle 's cow !, 
  he 's delighted !, 
  flikken maastricht is alright . 
  pretty decent production value . 
  really , there can only be one . 
  sure , we may have had other comebacks that involved a greater scoreline , but last day of the 1998/1999 season will be the one every one remembers :, 
  [ jimmy glass , the emergency on-loan goalkeeper , scoring the winning goal with the last kick to make it 2-1 v plymouth ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kejwqhldeos ), 
  although , for the sake of diversity :, 
  in 2010 carlisle were hammered 4-1 by southampton in johnstone paint trophy final . 
  the following year , we came back to wembley ( our sixth final ) and won 1-0 v brentford . 
  does that count ? 
  i 'm going to claim it . 
  mind you , we almost blew that : in the semi-final we beat huddersfield 4-0 in the first leg , only to lose 3-0 in the second leg !, 
  hey !, 
  i did this too !, 
  we were loved . 
  we created huge queues in the black forest and people were * pissed * ... until we pulled over and they overtook . 
  once they saw what had held them up they smiled and waved . 
  i was going to suggest the area around titisee , but by public transport its about 3 hours . 
  i would recommend it though , lovely . 
  you could go up feldberg . . where you can also ski if there is snow ( obvious during winter , it 's not thathigh ! ), 
  i once saw someone walking down the street with a clearly stolen [ hoegaarden pint glass . ] ( http://www.truebeer.com/assets/images/hoegaarden-beer-glass-set-1.jpg ) . 
  as it so happened that person went into the same pub i was about to go in . 
  the bouncer would n't let him in with it , but the guy begged , so the bouncer said fine , so long as he put it behind the bar . 
  guy did just that . 
  i took up a seat with my friend not too far from the bar because he found seats . 
  later saw the guy leaving , but he did n't collect his glass . 
  as i left i asked the barman for `` the hoegaarden pint glass i left behind the bar earlier . '', 
  free hoegaarden pint glass for me , and none of the guilt !, 
  and the last order is a guinness ? 
  it 's unusual for a pint glass . 
  bloody heavy too .
