  i replied by picking up a giant inflatable hammer saying `` let 's play , the justice zone ! '', 
  and lunged at hit him . 
  in lunging , i slipped on a comic book , landed my arse on a micro-machines city ( so , very pointy ) , and banged my head against the table football table . 
  justice was certainly served . 
  oh , and the red dwarf episode we watched ? 
  yup , the one on the justice zone . 
  the comic book was a sonic the comic . 
  can also :, 
  - put the chopping board on the front burners , and turn on one the back burners, 
  - wear ski goggles, 
  - breath through your mouth ( good way to force yourself is bite on a wooden spoon ), 
  i have n't seen anyone mention this yet , but thus far everyone seems to be suggesting germany and us options . 
  you may know this already , so i apologise , but i 'm just going to write the following under the assumption you do not :, 
  as an eu citizen you have the right to study anywhere for the same price as it is for a domestic student . 
  so in the uk if its # 3k a year for brits , you pay that . 
  in holland it 1700 $ for the dutch , so you pay that . 
  all you need to apply is the recognised equivalent leavers certificate from an eu country : a-levels , leaving cert , abitur etc. 
  us ones would probably also work , you would need to check that . 
  what i 'm getting at is that you clearly speak english so it is worth looking at the different options open to you . 
  i know hungary offer medical degrees in english , as does prague . 
  whilst scandinavia is free to study in and in holland you do n't pay much , although are they in english ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  some might be . 
  what some people have said about getting a degree before going to medical school has positives and negatives, 
  + you have the possibility of using it to get a job ( no idea if that would work in europe . 
  honestly , have no idea ) . 
  you may love it and decide not to pursue medicine . 
  - my brother failed to get into med school in the uk and was able to either go to prague for to study medicine , or do a physiology degree ( 3/4 years ) first , then , hopefully , get into medical school after that . 
  he chose the former , because he didnt want to be stuck with a degree he did n't want . 
  anyway , i hope this helps . 
  ah you are right !, 
  totally misread it . 
  whilst i read he was american , i thought he was saying he could get german citizenship . 
  my bad . 
  yeah , germany varies from state to state , but i believe the most any one state charges is 500 $ , so not exactly a huge expense !, 
  and you must of course consider living costs . 
  as for eastern europe , i know a fair few people who have gone there , and the english taught ones will most likely have the accreditation that would make them recognised world-wide , although this is something you would have to check first , but if they follow the bologna process , i see no reason why they would n't be . 
  that said , due to his circumstances , germany does seem to be his best option !, 
  best present you can get for going away is a couple of cook books . 
  yes , i know you can get everything you need off a website , but if you do n't know where to start , a basic cook book will really help . 
  i recommend delia smith 's complete cookery course . 
  also , clueless in the kitchen . 
  also , get involved , try lots of things . 
  i went to uni in a different country ( from uk , went to ireland ) , and things were a little different , but did n't take long to adjust . 
  i just ended up missing little things like cumberland sausages . 
  edit : also , find out what bureaucratic stuff you need to sort out and do it straight away , in the first month or so , like registering with the police , getting a doctor , national insurance number . 
  the canadian embassy for us website should have a page for `` moving to the us , what you need to know '' . 
  that is definately a boules ball . 
  there will be another one for a pair of balls, 
  i 'll have ricard with that p\u00e9tanque please , monsieur !, 
  what i do n't understand is when people say `` oh , i 'm part [ insert nationality here ] '' and upon further questioning you discover they are 1/16th or some tiny crap like that . 
  i mean , fair enough if your dad is german , your mum is irish , and you were born in the states , by all means go around saying you 're germano-irish american . 
  even being a quarter of something seems reasonable , but claiming to be a nationality when those roots are so obscenely diluted does n't make much sense to me . 
  oh yeah , it 's gon na sound fantastic . 
  i live in the netherlands . 
  it is n't illegal . 
  bit harsh on the label printer people . 
  i assume it would be illegal to just put cal , since it is technically wrong . 
  in albert heijn ( dutch supermarket ) during the uefa euro 2012 they were giving away one packet of football stickers for every 10 euro spent . 
  each packet contained 6 stickers . 
  one time the cashier forgot to give me them after i spent 11 euro . 
  i asked for them . 
  she gave me 15 packets . 
  i was bloody delighted . 
  my friend grows it in his garden . 
  i think it 's illegal but i do n't know . 
  i was under the impression it 's decriminalised . 
  so it 's neither illegal nor legal , just a grey area , but i 'm not dutch so i 'm not an expert on this !, 
  i thought it was decriminlised ? 
  so neither illegal nor legal ? 
  thank you for clarifying for me . 
  have an upvote . 
  i loved the film * a clockwork orange * and agree with it being on the list as it is true to the book he had access too . 
  it 's just that last chapter ; great in the original book , but i wonder if it had been in the film , would it have spoilt the end ? 
  we 'll never know . 
  how about the guy from sark who won a gold ? 
  carl hester . 
  oh , the drama when it was realised the post box is owned by guernsey post and not royal mail !, 
  alan campbell is from there , but since he won bronze coleraine will not be getting the post box painted . 
  it was only for gold medal winners . 
  if its self-service , i damn well make it infinite refill !, 
  not quite afrikaans , but i always get offended by dutch atms when they say `` u kunt ... '', 
  i would fap with the door open . 
  especially when our own media invites us to comment about things like super tuesday . 
  i realise that the us election has the ability to affect us all in some way , but i 'll give a crap when i know who wins as i can not affect who actually get nominated !, 
  providing your car has it . 
  not many cars have them in europe . 
  why do n't you vote ? 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i 'm not going to preach and say you must as you have just as much a right to choose not to vote . 
  however , in the last uk election i could n't find any party that i agreed with over the whole policies , so i decided to sod the country as a whole and voted for the party that had policies that would affect my town the most , so their policies on submarines and nuclear power stations . 
  south westeros looks an awful lot like an upside-down ireland http://gamesofthrones.com/2011/07/24/228/, 
  i thought it was named after the etruscan settlement of adria ... 
  antonine wall being the only other that i know of , but it 's a poor man 's hadrian 's wall . 
  ah i went the other way ( almost . 
  england to ireland ) . 
  it 's tough but so so worth it . 
  you 'll have a blast and best of luck !, 
  definately . 
  i know those feelings about leaving people behind , but you make new and great friends and you grow so much .
