  i 've plateaued for years . 
  down from 105kg to 97kg . 
  sure i fluctuate a bit but 97 is my stable . 
  however , i 'm a lot fitter these days and a lot stronger , so it 's not terrible . 
  and those 3kg keep reminding me that i just need to keep going . 
  but you get the difference back . 
  plus i got a discount for 40 % outside of peak for new and three `` passengers '' . 
  the criticism is that it is n't convenient for tourists . 
  my art teacher used to threaten to chop our fingers off with an old school one . 
  he even once when to far as to put one boys fingers under the blade . 
  obviously he did n't actually do it . 
  this was only in the early 2000s . 
  more along the lines of flicking paint at each other ... 
  we were n't that educated !, 
  that was a fairly standard promo back when i lived there . 
  well , for irish tries at least in the skeff . 
  but that german one was pretty great . 
  well i do n't think reddit started it . 
  jack kerouac of anyone . 
  at 18 i thought it would be amazing . 
  now , 10 years later i think those in on the road are, 
  insufferable . 
  when i first heard what a thermos did i was amazed . 
  so i filled one with hot chocolate and a choc ice . 
  i may have taken it to literally . 
  i hate you hrnnnnnnnggghh, 
  that film promised so much but was underwhelming . 
  i torrented this once but i was trolled ( ha ) : the movie was n't trollhunter but a completely unrelated movie ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ porn, 
  i still watched what it was . 
  well , parts of it . 
  i went on my friend 's stag recently . 
  we rented a canal boat and because of that i decided to learn some shanties . 
  i have never play acbf but i came across the sound track . 
  so , i learnt a load of shanties for the boat . 
  we did n't sing them . 
  until later , in a bar , the stag says `` i want to sing shanties since i 've been on a boat . 
  anyone know some ? '', 
  my time to shine !, 
  i became the shantyman and we sang so many shanties that i lost my voice . 
  it was amazing . 
  as far as i know virginia was named after queen elizabeth i. 
  the virgin queen . 
  on sport1 in the netherlands you can pay a monthly fee or , is there is a specific match you want to watch and you do n't have a subscription you can buy the match to watch online in hd for around 4 $ . 
  its 10 $ a month normally . 
  they show ligue 1 , la liga , ucl and belgium . 
  also 6 nations , but we get bbc on tv here . 
  i think it 's a good thing . 
  i do n't watch la liga , but if i fancy watching el clasico , i can . 
  edit : just checked fox sports that does epl and they do n't offer the same thing . 
  12 $ a month for the `` international package '' is that steep ? 
  how much is sky ? 
  so 46 # a month . 
  wow . 
  that 's a lot . 
  fair point !, 
  probably right, 
  hey i 've been in that pub !, 
  it was full of men in suits getting plastered at 12pm on a friday . 
  i had a cup of tea for # 2.50 !, 
  seeing so many people say sugar and lemon is making me happy . 
  my so 's family thought i was a nut job when i first said that is what i want on my pancakes . 
  their hungarian . 
  cherbourg 's is attorcious http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/association_sportive_de_cherbourg_football, 
  yup . 
  we lost 13-0 or so quite regularly . 
  so we did n't , but others did . 
  that reminds me . 
  last match i ever played for my sixth form we played our fierce rivals across the roads . 
  i made one good save and one impossible save where i saw everything in slow motion . 
  we won 1-0 . 
  best i ever played and it was at the end of my worst ever season . 
  i never played 11-a-side again , for various reasons . 
  sorry for your loss / u/look _ alive . 
  my mum passed many years ago when i was 8 and i think your dad has described it perfectly . 
  good hours and bad hours . 
  i still get triggers these days though . 
  it 's an oceania nation is n't it ? 
  like one of those islands that was part of their uefa , and played in the tournament when they used it as world cup qualifying ? 
  no idea which one though . 
  to clarify it is on both feet , with it sticking out on the outside of the feet . 
  i got them at a store in london and i live in the netherlands . 
  i could contact them but the hassle of return !, 
  got them at christmas , so not that long . 
  if i apply a bit of pressure you can see a split , but i presume that once the heel wears down enough , they would need to be replaced anyway would n't they ? 
  the heel i mean , not the entire boot . 
  reassurance indeed !, 
  good chance i 'm over reacting ( first pair ) . 
  i have seen [ these ] ( http://redwingheritage.ugc.bazaarvoice.com/7780-en_us/630855/photo.jpg ) , so maybe you 're right in the design . 
  peace of mind anyway . 
  tigger happy tv !, 
  dom jolly said that was his favourite sketch . 
  and the s comes from south and the a from arctic , meaning what is both below and above your country !, 
  i would n't call the uk secular when the head of state is the head of the state church . 
  since it 's in flanders you could argue that the correct pronunciation is the dutch ` ieper ' - iper . 
  just so you know !, 
  as an aside the british call it ypres because they got their maps from the french . 
  at least that 's what i heard . 
  but then op should know !, 
  joking aside , others had said how , so i thought i would just add the extra dimension . 
  i remember when i was in lille getting the train to amsterdam and i had to change in anvers .
