  there was an intricately carved chapel inside it built by three ( ? ), 
  men !, 
  never been to hutch , but if anything like the krakow one , then it felt like more than a museum . 
  edit : thank you to / u/brbposting for pointing out that it is a unesco world heritage site . 
  yup , that 'll cover the `` more '' that i was looking for . 
  if you do , do n't do it in boston harbour . 
  salt water is not good for tea . 
  do it in frying pan lake in new zealand and create a lake of tea !!, 
  europe ones are generally ok , but i was in italy and the damn thing would n't stay in the wall !, 
  massive pain . 
  that was the fault of the socket though : never had the problem in the netherlands . 
  one gripe i have is that i have a universal adaptor . 
  one of those ones that you can plug in various plugs and convert to various different types . 
  guess what ? 
  not all my european plugs can fit in it because the prongs are too thick !, 
  terrible design !, 
  why does different thickness exist ? 
  phone charger ? 
  no problem !, 
  hair dryer ? 
  forget about it !, 
  in that teacher 's defence , if you look up ` whom ' in the oxford english dictionary it does state it as `` archaic '' . 
  still in the dictionary though . 
  and still a word . 
  any foreign language , really . 
  christ , my so once said to me at a big group dinner at uni `` i have to talk to you . '', 
  i freaked out . 
  i froze up and felt physically sick . 
  just left the building right there and went back to my room in the next building . 
  she turned up `` where the hell did you go ?!, 
  i said i wanted to talk to you . '', 
  i explained that if we were going to do this , then i would rather we were alone . 
  `` oh , god i 'm not breaking up with you . 
  i just have n't seen you in a couple of days and wanted to chat . '', 
  aaaargh !, 
  we communicate better these days . 
  went here last march, 
  screw . 
  let 's go down . 
  have a cumbrian derby against barrow . 
  our word , epicaricacy , did n't roll off the tongue . 
  i had called him before , of course . 
  everyone had . 
  as soon as any kid found out about it , they immediately called him . 
  kids were always the gambling type . 
  he was fair , though . 
  you had to give him that : i do n't know anyone who had ever lost anything major , never from their first request . 
  i had heard rumours , naturally . 
  urban myths , most likely , but they sounded real enough : the kid who wished for the world , only to die in his sleep ; the one who wished to be the best soccer player ever , to tear his cruciate ligament the following week . 
  my first request ? 
  i was scared : large cheese pizza , with cheese filled crust . 
  the price ? 
  fifteen pounds . 
  like i said : death was fair . 
  `` siri , call death . '', 
  * calling death *, 
  the phone rang . 
  and rang . 
  it was answered , but there was no answer , only silence . 
  it was always the way . 
  you make your request and then you find out the cost . 
  no negotiating . 
  i was calling from my hospital bed . 
  hooked up to an iv , my leg in a cast , all i could hear was her crying : the crying of a childless mother . 
  it was because of me . 
  i had taken the kid from her . 
  i knew what i had to request , no matter what death demanded of me . 
  `` give her back her son . 
  whatever it takes . 
  give her back her son . '', 
  death paused on the other end of the line , weighing up my request to make a fair demand . 
  see you tonight . 
  man , brazil was really interested in that whole debacle . 
  so many searches for fracas . 
  weak, 
  edit : ca n't type, 
  no , you can not joke about this . 
  fuck sake , i get no end of grief . 
  i was born in cumbria . 
  when i got a french passport i sent off my french birth certificate , which i got when my parents registered my birth with the consulate . 
  i also have a british one . 
  anyway , on the certificate it says :, 
  * place de naissance : barrow-in-furness , comt\u00e9 de cumbria *, 
  place of birth : barrow-in-furness , county cumbria . 
  when i received my passport , the french could have just stopped at barrow-in-furness . 
  but did they ? 
  did they balls . 
  so now my passport says :, 
  * place de naissance : barrow-in-furness , comt\u00e9 de cum *, 
  they could n't fit ` bria ' on the bloody thing . 
  oh , british passport control have a right laugh about that every time i pass through . 
  holy crap !, 
  a bus to my home town . 
  on reddit !, 
  i. . . i. . . i do n't know how to feel . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  edit : although , being 1928 , it should say `` ulverston , lancashire '' . 
  i assumed as much so i looked up what the word means ( `` weak '' according to google translate ) , which is why i put the word `` weak '' at the end of my post . 
  english - why fy, 
  french - weeeeeee feeeeeeeeee,
