  mother 's birth cert . 
  the easiest place to ask would be to email your local consulate if have any specific questions . 
  my consulate was very helpful about the whole process . 
  the commonwealth can serve as an excellent talking-shop for countries who may otherwise struggle to get their voice heard on the international stage . 
  you have to pay to be a member and it 's not like it has a lot of money but it does do some good stuff like set-up an anti-doping clinic in fiji for the use of the other pacific island nations , even the none commonwealth ones . 
  to me , the gambia are using this as shock tactics as the commonwealth is anything but a neo-colonial institution ( i have read many a british cabinet paper/commonwealth prime minister meeting/commonwealth heads of government meetings ( chogm ) on the matter of india and south african membership ) . 
  by the time south africa left the commonwealth in 1961 britain 's influence within it had declined considerably . 
  in fact , one could argue that canada had become the most influential member . 
  it would be very hard for britain to try to exert its influence over member when it would be out-voted by the number of african members in it and it 's former dominions . 
  of course , britain did see the commonwealth as a way to continue exerting influence over her former colonies , but after the events surrounding indian and south african membership , policy makers turned their attention towards europe , much to the annoyance of australia and new zealand . 
  trying to remember my latin classes from years ago , but was n't there a guy who stuck his left hand in a fire when rome was under seige shortly after it was founded and his name was some like * sinistre * . 
  he was proving a point that the seige-laying army was never going to win because if he was lying his hand would burn [ citation needed ] . 
  it did n't and the army lifted the seige and that is why left was called * sinistre * . 
  anyone else know of this story ? 
  mozambique i can understand as it was surrounded by british colonies . 
  they even drive on the left-hand side because its neighbours do . 
  i have no sources on this but i would assume there would have been some trading between the two empires , especially as portugal is britain 's oldest ally ( since 1373 ) . 
  thanks for the answer that makes a lot of sense . 
  but how many economic advantages would a country receive ? 
  the cw has little funds and you have to pay to be a member . 
  it is not a trading bloc , despite that being debated in the past as a possible format . 
  i know about the diplomatic side as i have written a few papers on it . 
  my assumption would be : being part of the cw would allow easier access to meetings with more developed nations such as the uk , australia , canada , as well as larger african nations , such as south africa and neighbouring tanzania , which could only serve the economy of rwanda better due to its relatively small size . 
  i guess i sort of answered my own question , but would you agree with that ? 
  she could have had a student overdraft with the bank , and i know one bank allowed you up to # 3000 over draft , interest free . 
  however , if you go overdrawn of that overdraft you will be hit with an overdraft fee , and that can be something like # 25 per day . 
  ca n't be . 
  i have heard something similar . 
  the germans wanted to get as many men westward and under the captivity ( for wanted of better word ) of the allies . 
  those couple of days allowed for thousands , if not hundreds of thousands ( i do n't have exact figures , sorry ) to make their way into allied hands . 
  you should watch the world at war series . 
  it will reach you everything you could possibly want to know . 
  it 's probably on youtube . 
  ha , i just replied explained that 's what you were quoting !, 
  shame people missed it . 
  you do realise he was quoting laurence olivier ? 
  i wan na saw '' buy what whiskey you want . 
  now you drink root beer '', 
  judging by username i 'm to go for [ dagestan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dagestan ), 
  what evidence is there that this picture was taken in 1944 ? 
  i 've been to many of the d-day beaches and a lot of bunkers still look like this !, 
  also , romanian troops did enter budapest during the [ hungarian-romanian war of 1919 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian%e2%80%93romanian_war_of_1919 ), 
  well , he is a doctor . 
  so it 's just you . 
  that was n't trafficking though , although i get your point . 
  that was smuggling . 
  how was it a bad metaphor ? 
  he says that he brought an eastern european to ireland with the promise of work and she is exploited . 
  that sounds like what traffickers do . 
  yes , two girlfriends are doctors and that is a fetish . 
  it is slightly sensationalist , agreed . 
  but if you worked 36-hour shifts , your brain would be warped and you would want people to draw people 's attention to it . 
  now imagine that same warped brain is trying to treat patients . 
  what gives ? 
  what 's with all the hate on the author ? 
  get snubbed by a doctor did we ? 
  god forbid he just happened to be with people he got along well with . 
  hell , i would n't care if my so lived off benefits , they are who they are and that us why i am with them . 
  you got issues , take them to / r/counseling, 
  it 's not the best metaphor , totally agreed . 
  yes , you are apparently . 
  the dish i remember my french grandmother making was * saut\u00e9 de veau a la champenois * . 
  that dish was just incredible . 
  i 've tried to replicate it . 
  it was nice , but it was my grandmother 's . 
  my friend managed to chop a bee in half mid-flight with a ( poorly ) thrown boomerang . 
  you wo n't believe me , but i 'll tell you anyway because it 's relevant . 
  my so was on exchange for a a semester in europe and had just moved in to a bit of crappy flat . 
  her friend ( who was on exchange with her ) and one other housemate decided to clean up the entire place . 
  proper deep clean . 
  as they were cleaning they found some old coats . 
  inside one coat was 100 $ . 
  `` incredible ! '', 
  they thought . 
  inside the next coat was 1100 $ . 
  they asked the landlord if he knew who owned the coats . 
  he had no idea . 
  they asked the other housemates . 
  they had no idea . 
  they kept the money until they left the country . 
  tl ; dr so and flatmates found 1200 $ whilst cleaning their flat they had just moved into . 
  the two year masters is part of the bologna process , in my understanding , this usually only applies in the uk if one is going on to doctoral studies . 
  a one year masters is very much the norm in the uk . 
  they are most certainly not looked down upon , although picking the right course at the right university will certainly play a factor . 
  for example , i almost did a master in international relations at durham , a very well regarded university . 
  however , that course was only a year old , so it would not have had built up a wide reputation yet . 
  i opted to go elsewhere . 
  maastricht , for a one year master . 
  do n't be put off by the 1 year master . 
  hey , morecambe has a ~ ~ laser zone ~ ~ , ~ ~ an awesome swimming pool ~ ~ , ~ ~ a bowling alley ~ ~ , ~ ~ a multscreen cinema ~ ~ . 
  no sorry , last time i was there they had all closed . 
  nevermind . 
  ai n't no party like my grandma 's tea party, 
  might have been true in 1940 , but then there was a war on . 
  my bader-meinhof word at the moment . 
  why not just say brits or british . 
  its fewer letters . 
  unless your playing scabble . 
  thanks . 
  i was at the match but left at 80mins .
