  i probably should have specified that it 's a dying few though, 
  i made the comment below but just because you have never heard it does n't mean it does n't happen . 
  i have heard it in the north ( as a northern englishman ) so your claim that no one does is incorrect and wrong . 
  it is certainly not common though . 
  i thought no one really knew for certain and it was disputed but vespucci had the best claim . 
  they can do that in the after life now that tyrion has been sentenced to death . 
  iirc in the episode ` carentan ' they had no tanks . 
  perhaps you are thinking of when they go to the village of neunen in the netherlands when they come across a tiger tank ? 
  but they used the same village set in norfolk for all the episodes ( the english village , carentan , bastogne , eindhoven etc. 
  except the woodland scenes in the snow , that was a warehouse ) , so you could still picture it . 
  does n't detract from your point though !, 
  you can picture it . 
  was the town still near museum ? 
  could have been ravenoville-sur-plage or saint mere du mont ? 
  `` hey , wha ' you ea'in ' der clea'us ? '', 
  ah feel aalbilious ! '', 
  - americans eating this shit up . 
  not to mention william pitt ( i 'm going to assume the younger ), 
  me too . 
  i can watch the bbc in holland . 
  itv ? 
  nope, 
  technically he only had two , four of the marriages were annulled and therefore , technically , never happened . 
  noooooooooooooooooooo !, 
  the ste mere eglise one is probably the most boring street corner in the whole of france today . 
  damn photographer in 1944 should have had the foresight to go a hundred metres to the right to the square !, 
  much more interesting . 
  i vow to thee my country could be an option too . 
  never mind an eu or scottish independence referendum , lets have one on things that matter !, 
  no , but they are an important part of the marginal gains . 
  pendleton and wiggins have both spoken at how useful they have been in removing mental blocks . 
  pendleton especially who had a lot of mental demons . 
  amazing progress !, 
  you 're definitely an inspiration !, 
  you mentioned in your album that you cut out caffeine . 
  i am curious as to why ? 
  i ask because i have about 3 cups of coffee a day ( small cups ) and the occasional coke zero ( about 2 a week ) . 
  what difference did you see after cutting out the caffeine ? 
  does it make you feel better that the final qualifying match against us you won and prevented us from qualifying ? 
  does it ? 
  you forgot saarland !, 
  the lost to w. germany in qualifying for the 1954 wc !, 
  i forget these things . 
  thanks !, 
  the hero we settled for, 
  i 'm british and i get grilled . 
  `` why is a man from the north with an irish name traveling under a french passport ? '', 
  actually when i put it like that it does sound dodgy . 
  i was born and raised in england and i consider myself culturally british . 
  however i do n't have a british passport . 
  only french ( and irish ), 
  none taken !, 
  do n't have one . 
  i could get one . 
  i have that right . 
  however , i have two eu passports already so why should i ? 
  we live in such an international world , i do n't see why i should . 
  whoever is winning . 
  but since none of them really ever face each other i support all , of them . 
  if they do play each other it goes, 
  ireland, 
  france, 
  same order applies to rugby . 
  going to need a source for that first statement . 
  pretty sure the eu has me covered . 
  and it was one time . 
  and it should n't be an issue because : eu . 
  also i do n't want one . 
  but it 's a paltry three countries and most likely something like the stans , so it does n't change my opinion really . 
  also getting british passport where i live involves going back to the uk . 
  renewing my french one involves a one hour train ride . 
  cumbria would be rheged and free from london !, 
  i like this . 
  ill name my first born ulpha, 
  they 'll probably win but i do n't think they 'll go so far as wiping you off the face of the earth . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  * podoooolski , wherever you may be *, 
  * you are playing for the wrong country . 
  * should be a pole , instead you are a kraut *, 
  * what the f **** * is that all about ? 
  go again !, 
  only 1-0 , to a lucky goal . 
  niall quinn got one for ireland v spain in 2002 . 
  small pull . 
  ref saw . 
  pen . 
  scored . 
  pens . 
  some are given . 
  some are not . 
  flags aside the last two make sense . 
  i 'm sure ther is logic for the first two but i do n't know it . 
  guy below you gave a reason . 
  the strong colours on their floral emblem apparently . 
  you misspelt reigning world champions . 
  although they 'll probably be former on july 13 !, 
  i read somewhere that tarantino was not going to make the movie unless he found the perfect person to play the jew hunter . 
  he eventually came across waltz in tatort and thought he was perfect . 
  he was right . 
  i actually switched to dutch tv because the bbc was so bad .
