   meanwhile , ginola has stated that he would like to see the men 's and women 's football world cups to be staged simultaneously . 
  i actually really like that idea . 
  anyone else ? 
  if everyone is going to be in a country to watch a world cup why not have both ? 
  stadiums would get more use , women 's football would get better attendance ... 
  ... and i 've just realised a problem :, 
  there are already so many matches that tv stations probably would n't be able to fit them into the schedule . 
  even if you put 2 hours between the men 's matches , people are going to prioritise the men 's game so go out and get things done during the women 's . 
  that or the women would play at odd times . 
  if you played the matches at the same time , people would probably still favour the men 's game . 
  this ? 
  one of the first recorded examples of pole vaulting being done for height rather than distance was in the northern english market town of ulverston . 
  [ terry pratchett - pyramids ] ( http://deadlineisoverrated.blogspot.co.uk/2009/07/dont-you-just-love-logic.html ), 
   before you can pass me , o mortal , ' it said , ` you must answer my riddle . ', 
   ` why ? ', 
  said teppic . 
   ` what ? ', 
  the sphinx blinked at him . 
  it had n't been designed for this sort of thing . 
   ` why ? 
  why ? 
  because . 
  because , hang on , yes , because i will bite your head off if you do n't . 
  yes , i think that 's it . ', 
   ` right , ' said teppic . 
  ` let 's hear it , then . ', 
   the sphinx cleared its throat with a noise like an empty lorry reversing in a quarry . 
   ` what goes on four legs in the morning , two legs at noon , and three legs in the evening ? ', 
  said the sphinx smugly . 
   teppic considered this . 
   ` that 's a tough one , ' he said , eventually . 
   ` the toughest , ' said the sphinx . 
   ` you 'll never get it . ', 
  [ continued in link . 
  not my link . 
  just found the quote i was looking for in the link . ], 
  most important question has not been asked : can it hold 6 bottles worth of champagne ? 
  excuse me ? 
  charles ii was the king of bling . 
  seaman v sheffield united . 
  my understanding of dunkirk was goering saying his luftwaffe could take care of it , which it could n't . 
  that and hitler not wanting to humiliate the british or something to that effect ? 
  not sure on that one . 
  even if it does come down to goering , hitler did n't learn from it and trusted the luftwaffe in stalingrad , which also did n't work . 
   importing from france is not an option , as they mostly generate via nuclear ( you would just be migrating things you consider bad somewhere else ) . 
  not a green and wo n't vote for them but i will say that importing from france is very much an option as there is already an interconnector connecting the two countries with at least two more planned . 
  the existing one , ifa , was half paid for by national grid , a private company . 
  is the goverment really going to say sorry , no more nuclear . 
  your investement was wasted ? 
  i think not . 
  the power is sold where the price is highest , which is often in great britain ( ni is a seperate market ) . 
  if importing energy offsets carbon emissions , i think the same can be said for nuclear generation , especially as it would not be pratical to know how the imported energy was generated . 
  the main hindrance for not being able to import energy from france is that the interconnector can only transport 2gw , the two planned would be 1 gw each . 
  now , i know what you 're trying to do , but a scot would n't call it soccer . 
  also , nice try with the celtic , but they would call the celtic language gaelic , or ~ ~ scots ~ ~ , or scottish gaelic . 
  but realistically , they would n't speak it . 
  there are about 70,000 people who have some knowledge of it , but not many use it daily . 
  of course , this could have happened in a household that does speak it as the first language . 
  who knows . 
  lastly , we do n't call it high-school . 
  so , nice try ; no cigar . 
  edit : flippin ' heck people . 
  calm down . 
  op tried to make it scottish , which is fair enough , but i just pointed out some inaccuracies . 
  my bad with the scots . 
  and i was n't aware that scots might call secondary school high school . 
  just below the border we do n't , you see . 
  well a quack would n't have taken the oath . 
  could n't give a rat 's arse about internet gold , to be honest . 
  my bad !, 
  edited . 
  nope . 
  not in my mate of cumbria . 
  i mean the school was called high school . 
  no one called it that . 
  fair enough . 
  i meant like directly south of the border . 
  but i learnt something !, 
  senior year : totally missed that actually !, 
  you have honoured me more than gold every could . 
  thank you . 
  sorry but you have no idea how this works . 
  national grid owns half of the four cables . 
  no one is cutting shit before or after they have reached their roi . 
  we generate plenty enough power . 
  ifa and britned are there just in case . 
  we need more interconnectors . 
  it reduces our demand on one country . 
  norway , denmark , iceland , belgium , usa , these are all planned interconnectors . 
  we generate enough . 
  interconnectors are there to share the strain of emergencies . 
  do n't torrent this . 
  really . 
  do n't . 
  torrenting is terrible . 
  if you were to torrent `` learn dutch '' into kat.ph you totally would n't find loads of dutch language resources , so i would n't do that . 
  michel thomas course is great as it helps you speak the language correctly , which duolingo misses the most imo . 
  i heard that they only planned to make more if the first one did well , which it did n't . 
  it cost approx $ 180m to make , and in its opening weekend it took $ 23m . 
  roughly , $ 70m in total in the us .
