  and when they did n't send anyone home because john sliced his hand open and then went on to win the whole thing !, 
  my days . 
   you ca n't beat a big-m . 
  dem figh ` in ' words . 
  quite so , but i only support the eagles as i happened to be in wa during september 2006 , so i figured `` oh , look , playoffs !, 
  i shall support perth , as i am in perth . '', 
  took a few games to understand the rules . 
  thought the sport was awesome . 
  picked the right team to support that year and never looked back . 
  now if i could just find a place to air matches in the netherlands at 4am ... 
  germany actually got quite far in the qualifying for next year 's rugby world cup . 
  they beat the netherlands in a play off , but then lost to russia , who , in turn , * beat zimababwe but lost to uruguay over two legs * . 
  so * four * matches away . 
  edit : off topic but i thought you might be interested . 
  there is a national team in the netherlands too ( well , almost every european team has a national squad ) . 
  i 've only just started playing over in nl , but there are a few clubs , just the level of depth is not great . 
  only about 20 people for the my club . 
  a couple of dutch guys used to play for edinburgh iirc . 
  rugby is popular to watch on tv as bbc is aired on dutch tv and expats pubs are always rammed for the internationals . 
  dutchies also come in to watch . 
  they do n't get a lot of people turning up to watch the national side as it essentially just plays in a field outside amsterdam . 
  i believe the biggest rugby areas are amsterdam/rotterdam/the hague . 
  edit ii : made a mistake over russia 's matches . 
  edit in italics . 
  thanks to / u/kerzu for correcting me !, 
  edited , thanks !, 
  where in cumbria ? 
  i mean if you 're over in westmorland or down in furness then what do you expect !, 
  from furness , never heard of it either though . 
  home of the greatest * football club in the world . 
  nothing wrong with that !, 
  * may not actually be the greatest . 
  got it free with a newspaper once , too !, 
  i saw these in buenos aires recently ( i realise that this is a thread about the us , but bear with me ) . 
  what was annoying was you would walk down the street and then bam !, 
  you get dripped on by a load of ac water . 
  dead snow - nazi zombies in norway !, 
  severance - a corporate getaway goes deadly wrong !, 
  tucker and dale v evil - two hillbillies go to their shack in woods for a weekend !, 
  that 's why i switched to double edge razors !, 
  7 $ for 25 . 
  that was 3 months ago and i 've only used 3 . 
  so much cheaper than the extortion that is gillette and co. 
  you !, 
  you there !, 
  mr dutchman !, 
  may i ask where you buy your brewing supplies in nl ? 
  dutch and english are n't that different , although divergent is probably the right word . 
  frisian , a language in the north of the netherlands is very similar to old english . 
  of course english has been heavily influenced by french/latin . 
  but you see some evidence if french in dutch , more so in german . 
  the ending - tion often has the ending - tie in dutch so introduction-introductie . 
  not always true , but if you 're stuck for a word , it 's worth guessing !, 
  might notice next year when people tune in to watch and see the hosts in sydney instead of vienna ... 
  i 'm from furness and i do n't want to be part of lancashire again !, 
  we only recently threw off the shackles of your oppression !, 
  ah , who am i kidding . 
  i would n't really care . 
  although i love cumbria . 
  in my city they are outside plus , but it 's more central so makes sense, 
  big sam might be interested . 
  well , twice in 3 seasons ( discount first session because he had a handicap ) . 
  good , but ` quite a lot ' is an odd way of putting it ... 
  i would like to see the bournemouth manager in charge . 
  young , english , seems to play some good football . 
  would love to see that . 
  i have n't been to a polish wedding , but i have been to an hungarian wedding ( yes , different , but the two nations are good mates , so i 'm allowing the tenuous link ) . 
  it was brilliant . 
  the hungarians also party hard . 
  brilliant day . 
  even the way it is written is a bit odd . 
  the fucking rabbits is a subordinate clause so take it out and op is saying `` as a jew ruining religion '' . 
  so now we must question why op as decided to ruin religion , and why op 's faith is relevant to this ruination . 
  of course , the subordinate clause of fucking rabbits appears , to me , that op is not only ruining religion , but op is also fucking rabbits * at the same time * . 
  so , i think it is safe to assume that we are in the presence of a jewish rabbit-fucker who is hell-bent on ruining religion . 
  west australia is best australia !, 
  i thought if you drank too much * of anything * you would get drunk . 
  so i always made sure to pace myself while drinking my milk . 
  did n't want to get drunk !, 
  of course now i can legally drink , i am known for being that one in the group that drinks too sodding fast . 
  i ruin the rounds . 
  i second this !, 
  i second this !, 
  sugar hill in arnhem . 
  the bijenkorf in the hague won first prize in this years horeca awards ( do n't know which burger ), 
  the break a neck in de mert in arnhem came second ( check my submitted links for a photo ) . 
  urban burger at urban chef in arnhem . 
  good shout . 
  i 'll give them a call this week !, 
  but i 'm not sick , baby . 
  do i look sick to you ? 
  * cough *, 
  i guess they could boil my blood at 121 ^ oc for an hour ... 
  sure chuck in some sodium hydroxide for two hours and you 'll be grand . 
  i 'm getting all this from here http://cid.oxfordjournals.org/content/32/9/1348.long, 
  but your point is well taken . 
  it can withstand crazy high heat . 
  edit , turns out it can survive up to 600 ^ o c !, 
  you misspelt right , 
  in the uk people who had had anal penetrative sex ( men or women ) can not give blood for twelve months .
