  building more subsea cables between great britain * and the continental europe/nordic region on top of the two that exist would create greater integration , but only at the cost of billions of pounds , to which the eu will contribute . 
  * i purposely used gb and not uk because ni is part of single energy market ( sem ) that exists on the island of ireland . 
  it is , however , connected to scotland via it 's own subsea cable . 
  there is also a cable from the dublin area over to gb . 
  i had three tickets . 
  then i could n't go . 
  have you tried shifting tickets to a match no one wants to bloody go to ? 
  on top of that , if you signed up to get world cup tickets , you got an email giving you a 2 for one offer !, 
  anyway , sold on viagogo ( bloody scam site , how the hell is it legal ! ), 
  for a loss of # 30 . 
  better than a full waste at least . 
  raspberries are awesome . 
  remember blue raspberry laces at woolworths ? 
  amazing . 
  not attempting to fool anyone , i was using an example . 
  any washing machines are very different to an electricity grid . 
  if there is a trip in spain , there are n't any reserves in spain to restore the system . 
  there will be , but that will take time causing severe imbalances in the grid , which cost money . 
  if poland has excess , the energy is transfered straight across europe . 
  it 's an on paper movement . 
  the energy would come from across the border in france , but would be `` knocked on '' from poland to ensure the grid is balanced across the whole continent . 
  poland 's actual physical energy reserves do n't move very far . 
  yes , eu funding . 
  of course it comes from taxes . 
  so what if it contributes to building a hvdc cable from gb to belgium ? 
  most of the fund would come from the national grid ( a private company ) and from the belgian equivalent . 
  it is being built for the benefit of the end consumer , to reduce energy bills , so why should some of that come from eu funding ( or taxes , as you say ) . 
  yes , hvdc cables have loses . 
  the britned cable ( gb to nl ) is 260km and looses 3 % , so your numbers are bit off . 
  the norned cable is 580km and is the longest submarine power cable in the world and has losses of 3.7 % . 
  national grid has just signed an agreement with stattnet to invest in a cable between gb and norway , which will become the longest submarine cable in the world . 
  it would n't have gone ahead if the losses were untenable and it was n't financially viable . 
  again , if these investments are for the benefit of consumers , why should n't it receive eu funding ? 
  i did n't `` conveniently omit '' anything . 
  i said that the european union would contribute to a billion pound bill of private investment . 
  do n't feel bad . 
  obviously it is n't fun to do that to people . 
  i 've had a rib broken from a cheap shot well after i made the save . 
  i 've had a wrist broken from a stamp . 
  i 've been knocked out from a knee to the head , although i had put my head in a risky place on that one . 
  i will give as good as i get in a game , but only if that is the game they want to play . 
  on other occasions though i have accidentally full on punched someone in the head : go for the punch clearance , eyes on the ball , striker came in sideways . 
  right fist ball , left fist head . 
  felt bad about that one . 
  5am dutch time , but may be later . 
  boxing can be inaccurate . 
  it 's on sky sports pay per view , no dutch channel is showing it . 
  so find a pub with sky sports and ask . 
  i could n't go in the blue room, 
  yup , in all those cases the strikers got nothing . 
  i see why people say keepers are over protected , but they used to get utterly battered . 
  i once got to intern at an embassy . 
  one of the first things i was told was do n't use big words for the sake of it : everyone knows you 're clever , you do n't need to prove it . 
  that and do n't use redundant words . 
  say `` i met bob '' , not '' i met with bob '' . 
  both can be used in writing , i think . 
  if you get good weather it 's good . 
  in my experience . 
  i already get a day off on tuesday . 
  thanks canada !, 
  ( and other allied countries ), 
  dutch liberation day, 
  why ca n't one wear a belt ? 
  my carlisle united shirt may never be relevant again http://imgur.com/c7smod0, 
  edit : sod it . 
  sadly , we are now sponsored by virgin trains . 
  i miss eddie . 
  fair enough !, 
  i wear a belt with my suits , but only if it matches my shoes . 
  that 's only for business though . 
  never worn black tie . 
  ffs . 
  3-0 and we throw it away . 
  you and me both . 
  being on next season . 
  let 's hope neither of us are as shit, 
  that relegated us that did . 
  do you know who translated it ? 
  bran is life . 
  a lot of his fortune came from potash though . 
  when the price of that plummeted , he lost a lot . 
  i believe that contributed to his decision to pull the cash . 
  but gretna once received loads of cash and rocketed through the leagues and got to the scottish cup final . 
  then the owner died and the cash flow ended . 
  they folded shortly after . 
  why does a salary cap have to lead to franchises ? 
  but i do n't see them working : england has one in rugby and all the players moved to the richer french league . 
  rfu said you had to play in england to play for england . 
  did n't stop players . 
  ( i 've simplified this , obviously ), 
  the only way i could see it working is a european competition salary cap . 
  want to play in europe ? 
  abide by the cap . 
  ca n't see it happening though . 
  and they 're in london . 
  they could find a new investor easily if they needed to . 
  `` i have a dream '', 
  no barrow fans here yet ? 
  well done barrow !, 
  a fine cumbria side .
