  my point was exactly that until the you do n't start paying for university until you have graduated at earn . 
  i think it 's # 21k per annum now since the increase . 
  if you earn just over the $ 50k threshold you might not be able to afford that money up front . 
  every family is different . 
  that is why i think the uk system of paying it back later ( not the size of the uk fee , which is excessive ) is better . 
  it makes it 's fairer across the board . 
  those who can not afford get the aid they need and pay back nothing . 
  those can easily afford can just pay it . 
  and those who fall flat in the middle of just missing out can pay back over time . 
  well the uk loans were introduced when the fees were first introduced in 2006 ( just in time for me , yay !, 
  ) , but these were capped at # 3000 per annum . 
  now that cap has been removed . 
  anyway , i see we 're not going to agree here , but you do make good points . 
  i will finish with that i prefer the dutch system to the irish/uk one as :, 
  1 . it 's cheaper ; and, 
  grants are available for all eu citizens who get a job . 
  the term the dutch use is ` financial contributers ' . 
  so they are paying dutch taxes and therefore can get grants . 
  seems a good way to me . 
  does n't work if you have your laptop plugged in the tv, 
  a good start , but could be so much better . 
  in nl i have a discount card that costs me $ 50 a year . 
  i got 40 % discount off-peak , as do up to 3 other people i am travelling with . 
  dutch trains also offer a plethora of other discount cards . 
  the ov chipkaart ( dutch ` oystercard ' ) was full of problems when they unrolled it . 
  works really well now though and can be used nation wide . 
  no competition on prices . 
  amsterdam - rotterdam is fixed . 
  but , as i said you can get a range of discount cards . 
  when i travelled the length of the country every day for work i paid $ 360 a month for a card that meant i had ` free ' travel at anytime of day to anywhere in the country . 
  and up to 3 people with me got the 40 % off ( off-peak ) . 
  the $ 360 was the cheaper than buying a ticket everyday by about $ 100 . 
  and i could then use it to sightsee at the weekends for free !, 
  i just read that , and that is only for london and the south-west . 
  my dutch one is for the whole country . 
  but my overall point was that there are lots of other discount cards the dutch offer . 
  more so than are available in the uk . 
  also , for that gold card you appear to have to be a season ticket holder as well ? 
  similar maybe , but to me they appear to be distinctly different . 
  beer . 
  or ... no , just beer . 
  guinness is my norm, 
  i live in the netherlands , and you 're in us , right ? 
  i do n't know what you guys sell there !, 
  a deliciously hoppy ipa . 
  schlenkerla rauchbier , if you can find it , is amazing . 
  tastes like bacon . 
  i 'll give you another drink that is n't beer . 
  bison grass vodka and apple juice . 
  tastes like cinnamon apple pie . 
  it 's polish and amazing . 
  that guy would be an amazing swimmer . 
  i 've heard there can be an issue of throwing the voice sync off . 
  have you experienced this ? 
  not entirely state owned but it is approx 80 % . 
  the main lines are all state operated ns ( well , ns is not entirely state owned ) , and the regional trains are operated by veolia and breng to name two . 
  unlike germany which entirely state operated with deutsch bahn . 
  german trains are shockingly expensive . 
  weeeeeell . 
  sweg is 100 % owned by baden wurtenburg !, 
  but ok , i take your point . 
  til . 
  i do n't think there has ever been a catholic british pm . 
  tony blair is , but he only converted after he left office . 
  i could be wrong , but not to my knowledge . 
  it should be the language associated with a nation that has a strong work ethic . 
  / r/palettestorage, 
  personally i hated seeing people walk in them like the soles had become part of their lower shin and they just walked on the side of the ugg . 
  how could that have been comfy ? 
  there is a cross-country train , yes . 
  takes 3 days i think ( not an aussie , but i have seen the train leave the station in perth . 
  30 + carriages long . ), 
  there is an historical reason for this though ( as well as low population density ) . 
  ever noticed how every state has a difference gauge system ? 
  its because , back when the railways were first being built , people were n't interested in going from , say , perth to sydney , people wanted to get from x to a port to sail to london ( or other parts of the empire ) . 
  i mean , you did n't federate until 1901 and the colonies that became states ( or territories , i know , i know ) were quite independent of each other . 
  it 's been a long time since i properly researched this part of british imperial history , but thought you might find it interesting !, 
  second most popular tourist destination in england after london . 
  although that is mainly windermere , probably . 
  source : cumbrian . 
  also i read that somewhere once . 
  and not cumbria tourism . 
  the lady in the lake you say ? 
  may is good time to visit cumbria ( where this tree is ) . 
  www.thetrainline.com will give your train info . 
  you get the train from euston station to windermere . 
  it 's the most visited place , but you have short time and it 's easily accessible . 
  buttermere is a bit further . 
  if you rent a car , you have more freedom of course . 
  probably about 6-7 hours ( including getting out of london ! ), 
  edit : i 'm from the area , if you 're wondering . 
  come to / r/cumbria . 
  although not much happens there !, 
  book trains in advance ( if you take train ) and be aware that weekend trains are rammed full ( it 's ridiculous . ), 
  a day trip from london would be a stretch . 
  but you could stay over on a saturday . 
  closer to london the cotswolds are nice , or you could go to somewhere like brighton . 
  the student paper at my uni got into a lot of trouble with the university . 
  not for being critical of the uni , but because someone wrote a series of articles called :, 
  how to get the shift,
