  i find the british one ugly and loud tbh . 
  the irish one has a nice little harp on it . 
  also i much prefer waving around and irish passport : they 've annoyed less countries !, 
  the girl ? 
  or the war ? 
  there are three dozens of us !, 
  exactly 36 last time i checked . 
  my wording was bad . 
  i meant i already have a passport belonging to another eu member state . 
  shit . 
  do it . 
  have both . 
  also if you do n't get an irish one it 'll be harder for your kid to get one . 
  not impossible , just more paperwork . 
  from memory , so maybe a bit off :, 
  irish parent - straight forward, 
  irish grandparent - more paperwork , but possible . 
  irish great-grandparent - no, 
  grand parent got irish citizenship after you were born - no, 
  it was a warm night in late september in france . 
  we had been invited to a house party of some of the french students . 
  we arrived in good spirits and a bag full of booze , all that was needed for a good night . 
  as we entered we saw the kitchen to the left . 
  we went in and saw the fridge by the low window , so we put our beers in , taking one each , and headed into the living room . 
  it was a good night . 
  i chatted to many new people , and we were all having a good laugh . 
  i was chatting to this french guy by the front door , i forget his name or what it was about , maybe about my grandfather in the war - he was french - when , suddenly , there was a loud banging on the door . 
  `` what the ... ? '', 
  i began before my question was quickly answered . 
  `` police !, 
  open the door '' shouted the police , in french , obviously . 
  christ , i thought , it 's a drugs raid . 
  but it was n't . 
  remember that low window ? 
  a girl had been sitting on the ledge chatting away when someone had bumped into her to get to the fridge . 
  she fell backwards , onto the sloping roof beneath , which she rolled down before dropping down the gap between two buildings . 
  she was trapped and with a broken hip . 
  the police and the fire brigade could n't access her from above as it was too narrow to get a strectcher down flat . 
  so they had to go in through the wall in the flat below - i do n't know what happened to the people that lived in that flat - to get her out . 
  i looked out of a window on the street side while all this was going on and i saw fire engines , ambulances , and police car stretching all the way down the street , it was a sight to behold . 
  of course , the emergency services had closed off the kitchen as they needed it to work and since that is where the booze was kept , many people started to leave . 
  i had a couple of beers that could n't fit in the fridge so i was tied over for a little bit . 
  eventually , the girl was rescued and taken to hospital and those of us who remain carried on drinking until we decided it was bed time sometime in the early morning . 
  i decided i could give my friend a lift on the back of my newly bought bike so she sat on it and off we went . 
  sadly , i had not properly checked the bike to make sure everything was properly tightened and the derailler came loose and smashed into the back wheel , ripping out several spokes . 
  my dad is from one of three counties of ulster that are in the republic . 
  he is quite ambivalent to ideas of nationalism or secession . 
  however he does think once there is a catholic majority ( and they do seem to be having more babies ) , then maybe a vote to rejoin ireland would go through . 
  that being said , friends of mine from ni and from the republic also say that ireland could n't afford ni , due to the amount of subsidies ni gets from london . 
  all anecdotal i realise , but makes sense . 
  i do n't think it 's the case anymore , but a british billion was a million million . 
  yeah just checked wiki , not the case anymore . 
  many years ago i did a german exchange . 
  my exchange partner and three of his friends , with their partners ( who were my friends , quite nicely ) , got tickets to borussia dortmund 's westfalenstadion . 
  we were in the standing section . 
  die gelbe wand , the yellow wall . 
  dortmund were the reigning champions at the time . 
  it was amazing . 
  an experience like no other . 
  another friend of mine was in the vip section . 
  his partner 's uncle sorted it out . 
  today , many years later , my vip mate did n't really remember the day . 
  those of us in the standing area ? 
  we never forgot it . 
  sometimes , being with the most passionate fans can be better , especially when the tickets only got 15 $ each and the beer 3 $ 50 for 0,5 l ( based on 2013 prices , when i went there for a second time ) . 
  all that said ... would love to try a club box at least once . 
  first thing i thought of too : horrible histories, 
  i would argue that appearances do make you a good player : you only have the longevity of giggs if you are good . 
  what about `` killer sudoku '' ? 
  wyverns you say ? 
  see my flair !, 
  not anymore http://hola-unblocker.en.lo4d.com/virus-malware-tests, 
  the us will join in two years . 
  the french president of the v republic is strongly based on the american version of a president with strong executive power . 
  the french have , on occasions , had a president from one party , while the prime minister came from another , as the president picks the prime minister , and he is going to pick the candidate who represents the national assembly ( e.g. 
  i 'm not saying the french president is exactly the same as the us president ( semi-presidential v `` full '' presidential systems ) , but that the split you see in us politics also happens in france , and that the french president was influenced by the us system . 
  the stahlhelm first appeared in 1916 , mind you . 
  yes, 
  my 1000 $ dollar suit is very . 
  comfortable . 
  you should get a bespoke 2000 $ suit . 
  obviously , you do n't need to get a 3000 $ suit , like me . 
  but 4000 $ ? 
  well i wo n't judge less of you in my 5000 $ suit . 
  op works in the music industry . 
  all i can gather from comment history, 
  not just iceland , sweden too : http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-21537988, 
  edit : and other nordic countries . 
  sorry other nordics . 
  i remembered that it pertained to sweden . 
  i love all nordics . 
  you guys rock . 
  it 's clever by rabiot . 
  runs behind terry and silva , putting them between him and cahill . 
  when i lived in france that 's what i did . 
  the difficulty was when they repeated my own number back . 
  but why was he knighted ? 
  for services to cycling . 
  of course he was an excellent track cyclist . 
  but to be the first brit to win the tour ?
