  [ fupp ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz-kb1wvy8s ), 
  what 's the 7th ? 
  - bridge over the river kwai is great . 
  - la grande illusion - french ( but with some german and english ) . 
  old but brilliant . 
  it 's about wwi , but you do n't see any fighting . 
  highly recommend . 
  - the great escape - because it 's a classic !, 
  i 'm just going to give you war films i like :, 
  - cross of iron - an english language war film about the germans in the eastern front ? 
  yes . 
   `` i shall show you how a prussian officer fights . '', 
   `` and i shall show you where iron cross grows '', 
  - the battle of algiers . 
  a fantastic french film about the algerian war of independence . 
  the french put a curfew in algiers and the film depicts the guerilla war in the city . 
  apparantly , the film was show in the pentagon before the invasion of iraq [ citation needed ] . 
  oh , and there is only one actor in it . 
  the guys that depict the fln were actual fln . 
  - an aside , but if you want to see more about the kasbah watch * p\u00e9p\u00e9 le moko * . 
  not a war film , but great nonetheless . 
  - the 317eme section - basically , the french version of platoon but set in the first vietnam war ( 1946-54 ), 
  - downfall - german . 
  about the last days of hitler . 
  - a woman in berlin - german . 
  about a woman in berlin trying to survive ( and not get raped ) after the war has ended in soviet occupied berlin . 
  - the counterfieters - a brilliant german film about jews in concentration camps being made to counterfiet british and american currency . 
  - birdsong ( two ( maybe three ) part series ) - about ww1 and based on the book of the same name . 
  quite slow , but nicely made . 
  - lawrence of arabia - very long . 
  but very good . 
  - gallipoli, 
  - kakoda - australia film about the kakoda trail where an ill-trained and poorly equiped australian force was able to hold off the japanese . 
  dubbed the `` battle that made australia '' . 
  at the time there was a very large threat that japan would invade . 
  - the battle of britain, 
  - the guns of navarone, 
  - force ten from navarone, 
  - cockleshell heroes, 
  - ice cold in alexandria ( a personal favorite ), 
  - heroes of telemark - about destroying the german heavy water facilities in norway, 
  - where eagles dare, 
  - all quiet on the western front ( ww1 ), 
  - no man 's land - about the yugoslavian war . 
  excellent film, 
  - soldiers - series with damian lewis and mr fanstastic ( hornblower ) about un peacekeepers in the yugoslavian war, 
  - zulu - michael caine in zululand . 
  depicting the battle of rorke 's drift where more victoria crosses were awarded in one battle than any other in the history of the award ( the vc being the british medal of honour ) . 
  - zulu dawn - referenced in zulu . 
  the battle of isandlwana . 
  not a classic , but depicts the massacre of british forces by the zulus . 
  - das boot - claustraphobic epic about a u-boat crew . 
  ** british ** - our teeth are fine . 
  we do n't really use cheques any more . 
  well , we rarely use cheques . 
  that aside , it is the same . 
  but clarkson published his details in a national newspaper so anyone could have used his information . 
  if you write a cheque to someone , then you see a monthly payment being set up to someone , you would be able to quite easily track down who did it ( probably ) . 
  also makes those slo-mo vids from the bbc much more dramatic . 
  and we do n't even have a track !, 
  just a starting track ( to practise starts ) in bristol !, 
  ( or maybe bath ), 
  why the hell would people send her abuse ? 
  even if you think she was at fault for the collision , abuse via twitter is cowardly and disgraceful . 
  she 's a champion in my book . 
  i hope she does well in the 1000m . 
  glory hole would work better, 
  new zealand was the first to declare war on germany in ww2 . 
  people will say poland , but that was germany invading so they were de facto at war . 
  nz beat the uk and france due to the time difference . 
  was n't that what aroused suspicion in one journo that made her do some digging ? 
  right , but i mean the journo still had to go ask the question . 
  hardly pulitzer winning stuff but yeah . 
  still , been meaning to read it !, 
  ah , come now . 
  kids make ridiculous conclusions . 
  when i was a kid i heard my parents say '' ... if you drink too much , you get drunk . '', 
  of course , i did n't hear the beginning so i thought if you drink too much of anything you got drunk . 
  took me passing out from dehydration to be corrected on that one . 
  consider that was a odi and not t20 , that 's even more impressive !, 
  ( not saying the current result is n't ), 
  let 's get all our bad luck and poor decision making out in these games and in south korea we can win ... 6 medals !, 
  holland house has the party !, 
  shame it 's heineken . 
  i would love something like this in dutch . 
   it does n't get too cold, 
  where are you from ? 
  when i was in south-west wa i * swear * i 've never felt a chill like that . 
  that wind was like being cut with an icicle . 
  i 've never felt anything like it . 
  i 'm from the uk and i 've been to sweden and i 've lived in the alps , but that wa wind was the cold thing i 've felt . 
  this was in september . 
  conversely , an aussie guy i met in wa said that the hottest he has been was in southern germany , as the air there can be quite still ( and can get to 34 + degree celsius ) , so there was no ocean breeze to cool him off . 
  he was . 
  but i realise that different part of australia will be different . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb and say alice springs does n't get much of an ocean breeze . 
  and i know places like broome will get incredibly high humidity and very hot . 
  personally , i 've had 40 + degrees in melbourne . 
  but the 38 degrees with no wind and 90 % + humidity in strasbourg , france was worse imo , because at least there was a breeze in melbourne !, 
  but i guess it just depends where you are,
