  i was so confused for a long time . 
  until i asked and it was explained . 
  in my defence the ticket just said anvers . 
  was similar when i was on a bus and the driver announced we were in mythical city of luik . 
  being english has its set backs . 
  [ knvb \\ ( dutch fa \\ ) is trialing it ] ( http://english.knvb.nl/news/223/%e2%80%9cvideo-referee-future%e2%80%9d ), 
  there was a guy on the us dragon 's den selling water that he claimed could cure cancer . 
  they called him a snake oil salesman and to gtfo . 
  this has been up 6 hours and you have nothing so i 'll say this : try michel thomas dutch to help with listening and speaking ( to a lesser extent ) . 
  you can torrent it . 
  really for helping you how to independently construct sentences . 
  ca n't speak for skype teachers . 
  tickety split . 
  split my ticket . 
  but good options . 
  it also says juve beat bvb 6-1 in the 92-93 cl semi-final , when it was the uefa cup . 
  just piss-poor fact-checking . 
  edit : also bvb played motherwell in the 94-95 uefa cup , not the 95-96 champions league . 
  fact-man - pub quizzes everywhere would fear me !, 
  umbrellas and standing in doorways . 
  umbrellas - not the fact they exist , but that people never move them out of the way , or they walk down the street with golf umbrellas and then walk slowly, 
  standing in doorways - in or out !, 
  i put a gurkin on a burger that asked for no gurkin by mistake . 
  so i just took off the gurkin instead of making a new burger . 
  best ? 
  easy : [ epic danish bus advert ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75f3cszccfs ), 
  usually it 's so busy that you just make another batch ( max 8 where i worked ) , as i had already put gherkins on all of them . 
  but it was a very slow evening and i was being lazy . 
  in no particular order :, 
  - joined a rugby team after 4 years out of the sport and i am loving it . 
  have n't scored yet though . 
  - got engaged . 
  i was in strasbourg in 2009-2010 and began getting into the history and still follow you . 
  i totally agree that match was a huge moment . 
  so many owners in such a short space of time after that !, 
  hope you get back to the top soon enough with stability !, 
  1 april 2008 - carlisle 0 - 2 nottingham forrest . 
  had we won that we would have been in pole position for automatic promotion to the championship with one game . 
  there is a big financial difference between the championship and league one . 
  what would have happened ? 
  well , probably relegation , but with more money !, 
  my mum passed away when i was 8 . 
  when i turned 21 i received a letter from her . 
  ( my dad had kept it safe ) . 
  so , i think i 'll say that . 
  the devil at the foot of my bed ? 
  what the devil is he doing there ? 
  he taps on my foot , solidly at that ,, 
  shouting `` you 're it '' and poof !, 
  he is gone . 
  the devil ? 
  what the hell !, 
  i 'm it ? 
  now i am it . 
  i do n't give a damn . 
  this is now who i am . 
  i turn to my side . 
  i cuddle my bride . 
  i whisper , `` you 're it . '', 
  and that is that . 
  ` what on earth is that ? '', 
  shouted jenkins excitedly , jumping up from his chair . 
  the screen for the satellite sonar was picking up a reading . 
  a very unusual reading . 
  usually , all they ever got was organic , but this was too regular . 
  far too regular for this not to be coming from an artificial source . 
  he had seen it once before : when they discovered a pulsating star . 
  but this signal was not that . 
  this was different . 
  it was n't a regular pulse , it was more like a heartbeat . 
  ` it 's not from earth , sir . ', 
  stated his assistant , matter-of-factly , still seated at his desk , looking somewhat vacant . 
  ` it 's from up there . '', 
  he gestured to the ceiling , although jenkins assumed he meant space , otherwise it was a strange statement . 
  ` yes , thank you . 
  figure of speech you pedant . 
  but what is it ? 
  what does that * sound * like to you ? ', 
  ` sounds like a `` ba-dum , ba-dum , '' boss . ', 
  he forgot sometimes why he hired him . 
  this would have been one of those moments , had he not been so giddy about what he was hearing . 
  ` yes !, 
  jenkins was turning in circles , unsure of where to begin to analyse the sound . 
  ` shall i try to locate it on the telescope , boss ? ', 
  ` brilliant ! ', 
  he shouted , louder than he meant . 
  the telescope !, 
  he could try and get a look at it . 
  what could it be !, 
  his assistant typed in the coordinates that the sonar was reporting . 
  jenkins grabbed his chair and kneeled on it , supporting himself with his hands on the back rest . 
  it was no time to sit normally . 
  he began to impatient rock back and forth, 
  slowly , the telescope began to focus in on the sound . 
  at first nothing . 
  ` come on ! ', 
  then , a patch of red . 
  ` look !, 
  look ! ', 
  he exclaimed , thrusting his finger repeatedly forward .
