  great to watch live and cheap !, 
  `` they 're not plot holes , they are opportunities in time ! '', 
  merciful ? 
  gaze upon his vengeful wrath ^ ^ in ^ ^ the ^ ^ mirror, 
  your comics are awesome . 
  always look forward to an update !, 
  the films or the books ? 
  or both ? 
  the films i can understand . 
  the books ? 
  well , i love the books , but the second one is terrible . 
  the first one is great , but each chapter is beginning , middle , end . 
  my fave is the third book . 
  she also slightly rehashes some stuff later on . 
  like the putter-outer becomes the deluminator . 
  why did she change it ? 
  it 's such a small thing but it has really bugged me . 
  anyway , my point is . 
  it is n't for everyone , so screw people who may give you a hard time . 
  i love pratchett , my dad hates fantasy . 
  to each their own . 
  well , you tried . 
  you can always say `` i tried , but they were n't for me . '', 
  i am , approximatley the same age as harry potter and i read the first one when i was . . i think 13 . 
  not sure now ... anyway , point is it resonated with me and i was hooked . 
  but hey , you read . 
  some people may say `` hurr hurr reading is dum . '', 
  but not you . 
  you say `` it 's not my thing . 
  i prefer ... '' and that 's great !, 
  sorry , i 'm on my third beer so if i come across as condescending i do n't mean to . 
  i think you great . 
  was the incredible mr fox your first animation ? 
  how did you find it ? 
  what i love about reddit is this cross of cultures . 
  never would i ever hear someone say '' that is n't up to code '' in the uk . 
  i do n't even know what we would say in the uk . 
  but yeah , plastic bags . . not cool . 
  we do , but i dunno the term . 
  does n't meet building regulations ? 
  maybe . 
  indeed and the bour part comes from ` gebur ' meaning farmer or peasent . 
  you see this in dutch where boer means farmer and buur means neighbour , which is shortened from nabuur , which would mean near farmer , or next farmer . 
  they are called boers for exactly that reason . 
  in nbc 's parks and recreation , the woman featured ( aubrey plaza ) in the picture plays a character known as april ludgate . 
  april ludgate is known for her dry demenour and sharp tongue . 
  if she does not like you , she will come across quite bitchy . 
  the picture is funny because by saying `` go away '' , the actress if fulfilling the wishes of fans of the show for her to be in the character of april ludgate . 
  do ever plan to actually do the london marathon ? 
  if you did it , would ever consider wearing fancy dress ? 
  compare it to newcastle united 's stadium : the stadium is called st james ' park , but the owner renamed it the sports direct arena ( his company ) . 
  you would n't catch a newcastle fan calling the stadium anything other than st james ' park . 
  [ sponsered by destiny - slagsmalsklubben ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y54abqsoscq ), 
  christ , not only do the nazis have a moon base , they also have a mars base ? 
  iron sky ii - god of war, 
  juno, 
  ( 500 ) days of summer, 
  ca n't think of a third . 
  i was speaking to a speaking coach recently and i asked her this exact question . 
  i get really nervous about speaking in front of people if presenting . 
  probably the best advice i got was breathe . 
  seriously , deep breathes do n't forget to keep breathing . 
  it does help . 
  tall person . 
  i 'm just going to go into the one thing that really bothers me about being tall . 
  umbrellas . 
  fuck umbrellas . 
  op 's is correct . 
  it 's six . 
  but it 's :, 
  for sale : baby shoes ; never used . 
  i think 6 works best for the rhythm . 
  sharing is one thing , but you do n't have to worry about getting umbrellas poked in your eyes !, 
  but you could get another umbrella . 
  then you would n't have to share !, 
  wheras eye gouging is a constant peril !, 
  dunno how people got so annoyed with you : i just told my so that at our wedding i want to be frugal on several things , but tap hatch refuse to be frugal on her dress . 
  she gets whatever she wants . 
  i mean generally speaking you get one wedding . 
   in europe soccer is the last word that you would see, 
  ftfy, 
  but joking aside , you are correct . 
  even over here in europe soccer ( i know i just mocked you for that , but i 'm going to use it to avoid confusion and typing association football is a pain ) can be massively hipster : lots of english following german football , particularly borussia dortmund , is a very hipster thing to do now . 
  and it 's annoying : i 'm english and i 've been following borussia dortmund since 2002 , but i ca n't say that because it makes me sounds hipster !, 
  catch-22 . 
  i see you have very cleverly remembered queen 's park of glasgow participating in at least the 1884 and 1885 fa cups . 
  as well as those three welsh clubs . 
  very good points , but i do n't think it 's reserved just for smaller nations !, 
  i had n't actually considered the betting reason . 
  i follow a small and terrible english team in the lower divisions . 
  of course there is nothing hipster about it as that team is the closest league team to me . 
  so , i do n't consider my following of bvb hipster as, 
  a - i followed them after i was taken to see them play ; and ,, 
  b - my team is terrible , and i 'm not going to follow another english club , so why should n't i follow a good german one . 
  as an englishman that joke was n't funny the first time . 
  let 's call rugby english handegg then . 
  it 's called football because its played on foot . 
  same reason why australian football is not called australian handegg . 
  ruins everything . 
  would n't worry about it .
