  it was supposed to be `` this is one small step for a man ; and a giant leap for mankind '' . 
  he missed the ` a ' . 
  i think i read on the bbc that from a poetical view point saying `` one small step for man '' works better as the rhythm flows better . 
  the original script had the a in it . 
  could just do what dutch trains do : open on to the track . 
  no blockage !, 
  as unsanitary as that is , at least they do n't block and stink out the entire carriage ( as happened to a train i was on once ), 
  yeah there is nothing to stop the dutch doing it , but they seem to never actually do it at the station . 
  the toilets on the trains are pretty grimey though , so you do n't really want to sit down !, 
  also , only the intercity trains have toilets . 
  the regional ` stoptrains ' do n't . 
   [ as he stepped off the lander 's footpad he wanted to say `` a small step for a man , a giant leap for mankind '' , and that is what he thought he did say . 
  but after listening carefully to recordings of his words he now admits that he forgot the `` a '' . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/398621.stm ), 
  first time was harsh and unfounded imo, 
  second one was harsh , but to the letter of the law . 
  ( and the law is stupid . 
  dnf ? 
  really ?! ), 
  third one was farcical . 
  i really could n't give a toss . 
  he sailed what he said . 
  it is recorded as such . 
  done . 
  i do n't care . 
  it is n't like finishing on the grass at all . 
  you ca n't finish on the grass without jumping over the camera etc. 
  if you want to make it like running on the grass , you put stuff up to prevent it . 
  if not skating over the line is an issue , then you should , d put up lines etc to prevent it . 
  to have an arbitrary line that means dnf if you miss it by a centimetre is bull . 
  because part of kazakhstan is considered to be europe . 
  that 's common practise . 
  tesco had a promo where they would make 5 items of fruit/veg on sale every week . 
  of course , they got busted for raising the price of items the week before they put it on sale . 
  different but related . 
  i used to buy mince in tesco for $ 3 . 
  one week i saw management by the meat saying '' easter is one of our busiest times '' . 
  this was 3 weeks , before easter . 
  next week , mince was 4 $ . 
  after easter back to 3 $ . 
  i 'm sure they increased the price of lots of things for holidays . 
  logged in just to say this :, 
  there is a half-decent movie called in the city of sylvia where a handsome man spends the entire movie following a woman around strasbourg . 
  full-on stalking . 
  pretty creepy . 
  especially as there is little to no dialogue . 
  former aupair here . 
  but in italy in 2007 . 
  i think i got 50 a week . 
  i think i was underpaid . 
  a laptop with skype and other such software installed . 
  you would have the software . 
  so i 'm guessing you could fine a software engineer to backwards engineer it and copy ti and you could be the founder of skyper and other such programs and make lots of money . 
  i 'm not tech savvy enough to know if this would be possible . 
  i live in the netherlands and i get bbc 1,2,3 , and 4 no problem . 
  i 've been to that diving board in berlin . 
  you can use it , so withering and decaying is n't really fair . 
  it 's a neo-classical monstrosity , but it 's still in use . 
  so , what you 're saying is , if i go practise a little bit ( i can ski ) , then i should go speak to the irish oc . 
  south korea here i come !, 
  well , ireland already sent someone to sochi for it . 
  competition may be stiffer than i though ... http://www.olympics.ie/winter-games/sochi-2014/9645-team-ireland-sochi-2014.html, 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
  but nl is included in benelux !, 
  ireland - cheap for tuition , but then they stump your with a `` registration fee '' that was increasing every year to the point of just being a back-door tuition fee . 
  i studied in ire and in my first year it was $ 200 . 
  in my 4th and final years with was c. $ 1,500, 
  just checked at it 's currently $ 2500 + plus $ 225 at my alma mater . 
  of course , this is only if you are eu/eea + switzerland . 
  everyone else pays a lot more . 
  lousy smarch weather . 
  he kills martin in that episode . 
  what about the germans who buy the nuclear plant ? 
  i think that anglicanism belives in transubstantiation . 
  my understand is that there is very little difference between anglicanism and rc . 
  i knew someone would bring this up . 
  since this is / r/frugal i 'm going on a limb to say that most people here are not irish . 
  well , i will clarify that . 
  most people here are not * irish living in ireland * . 
  i 'm irish , as in i hold irish citizenship and my dad is irish . 
  but i do n't qualify for grants ( would n't anyway , even if we lived in ireland ) . 
  $ 50,000 is slightly over the annual income of an individual in ireland , so it 's not a bad qualifying number , but no matter how much you earn your still pay the $ 225 , which is pittance in comparison to the uk . 
  i realise i do n't have much of a point . 
  in nl ( where i also studied ) , you pay $ 1700 ish ( slightly over . 
  like $ 1752 . 
  cant remember exactly ) per annum * if you are european * . 
  you do n't get a grant if you are not dutch * unless you work 12 hours per week * then you get the same grants as a dutchy . 
  oh , and you get free weekday ( or weekend , you get a choice ) term time public transport travel ( and 40 % off in the summer ), 
  my point : i prefer the dutch system . 
  the irish should just go ahead and introduce a decent fee system since they are going that way anyway . 
  the uk system is bloody expensive . 
  but at least you do n't pay until you are earning . 
  apologies for the rant . 
  * colour, 
  walking . 
  they * walked * towards the gunfire . 
  because they did not believe the enemy could survive such a barrage of shell fire . 
  not introduce a fee system , but a system to pay the fee that exist in a more controlled manner . 
  ireland has a fee system , but you have to pay it up front and that should n't be the case .
