  or at least , i felt you were under playing the importance of man utd 's financial clout . ~ ~, 
  edit : you did n't make the initial point . 
  just realised this . 
  now , i am not saying the other factors were important , but the class of ' 92 , to my mind , was able to be successful because of the good signings that had been made prior , such as pallister , ince , irwin , dublin , cantona . 
  with the exception of irwin , the others were reletively expensive for their day . 
  if you look over the 26 years of saf 's reign , with the exception of one or two seasons , man utd spent around # 30m per season after 1998 . 
  before 1998 , man utd were still spending large amounts of money in comparison to the other clubs . 
  even when players were bought on a free , like mark bonisch ( second time ) and laurent blanc , they would have still commanded high wages that few other clubs could afford . 
  what other top teams could n't afford # 6m on one player in 2003 ? 
  i was never suggesting that one team could n't afford to pay # 6m for a player . 
  any pl club could afford that . 
  i meant few other clubs could afford to buy three or four players for # 6m each in 2003 . 
  now , of course chelsea , and later man city , came in with their oil billions and started to out spend man utd , but , the way i see it is that there were playing catch to get a squad that could rival man utd , and everyone knew they had lots of money so they had to pay inflated prices . 
  but it was n't just the playing squad . 
  both teams have invested heavily in their youth setup to rival man utd academy . 
  someone else made the point that united earnt their money through success unlike man city and chelsea , and there is no denying that , but it still comes down to having the money to spend to continuously be successful , and having a manager such as saf . 
  of course all this is just my opinion and i do not expect you to accept it . 
  you have your own and that will clearly be different , such is the nature of football opinions . 
  aaaaaand , i 've just realised you did n't make the initial point !, 
  still , i stand by my opinion !, 
  have a good one . 
  i like the site but i 'll preface my comment with this :, 
  i once had a massively delayed train and i really struggled to claim back because everything was in german and my german is poor !, 
  after using google translate to butcher the german i eventually found where i needed to be ( in terms of website ) . 
  so my comment : maybe an english page too ? 
  or at least a page that explains what needs to be in the main german site ? 
  do n't some of the old east german clubs have some problems too , like dynamo dresden and union berlin ? 
  or am i getting mixed up ? 
  i 'm 26 and all i remember are the penalties because baggio was pretty much the only player i had ever heard of . 
  oh , and getting a paddy bonner sticker in my cornflakes . 
  yeah , but rabbits are gifted * and * ambitious . 
  dragons and tigers ( and bears , oh my ! ), 
  can suck it . 
  thin blue line, 
  not one person has mentioned skyscanner.net, 
  my go to website . 
  easy to use . 
  links to airline . 
  has a route map of the world . 
  a friend of mine once wanted to get drunk quickly and cheaply . 
  a grappa soaked tampon in his anus later , he was !, 
  so a flight scanner uses a flight scanner to scan for flights ? 
  personal favourite is epping : the futile attempt to get a waiter 's attention, 
  do n't worry !, 
  i really really really wanted to go to edinburgh . 
  did n't get in . 
  was bummed out . 
  went abroad instead . 
  had an amazing time and regret nothing . 
  if i had gone to edinburgh i would n't have my amazing so , and my great job . 
  do n't know what i would have but i am very happy where i am !, 
  all because i got a d in french . 
  oops . 
  i meant would n't . 
  and to think i got an a in english . 
  spain is laughing then . 
  i hate dutch aldi , especially compared to lidl . 
  wish it was aldi sud instead of aldi markt . 
  he sold louisiana because he lost the islands . 
  without the islands it would have been very difficult to supply and access the colony . 
  so he sold it . 
  do try !, 
  but sadly there are not many left and have long waiting lists . 
  that said , no harm in trying !, 
  i know you 're making a joke but it is free for under 18s . 
  i had braces and we paid nothing !, 
  was n't that why they flew with spitfires for protection ? 
  or did they not do that for long range bombing ? 
  thanks for the info !, 
  til . 
  had no idea . 
  did american bombers have escorts ? 
  my understanding is the us did day raids , which were more dangerous and the british did night raids . 
  is this correct ? 
  he could be picked up by an eagle and dropped on a man 's head * !, 
  this is potential manslaughter !, 
  * actually happen to an ancient greek . 
  forget his name and i 'm in mobile . 
  than you !, 
  i work for a hvdc subsea power cable and until this post no one ever gave a good answer as to why it is dc and not ac . 
  we lose 3 % over 260km . 
  i 've read p&p four times . 
  love it . 
  and i 'm a guy . 
  had to study it the first time i read it but i liked it so much i read it more times !, 
  i live in coiny euro land . 
  also had front pocket wallet . 
  get a small wallet . 
  if you have a big one you will use the space . 
  if you have a small one you wo n't . 
  just dump coins in a jar at home if they bother you . 
  funny enough the world soccer came from england and there are still a dying few who call it soccer as they consider rugby to be football ( rugby football ) . 
  soccer derives its name from the code : association football ( instead of gaelic football , rugby football etc ) . 
  personally , i do n't like the word soccer , but i will use it for the sake of clarity when needed . 
  if an american uses it , i live as that 's what they call it !, 
  as an aside , italy is the only european country that does n't call football a translation of the word . 
  they call it calcio , which i believe means ` shoot ', 
  as an english man i have heard people refer to rugby as football and told me to call football soccer . 
  i did n't say it was commonplace . 
  the people in question where of an older generation in the rural north of england .
