  it 's in the lonsdale hundred . 
  you guys are alright . 
  irish checking in . 
  did someone mention potatoes ? 
  my uncle used to do this . 
  saucisson and p\u00e2t\u00e9 . 
  always amazing to visit him . 
  and when my other uncle arrived with his corn fed chicken and home made cider ? 
  heaven . 
  poit\u00edn can be made from potatoes . 
  i ca n't watch your link, 
  my friend got a tic on the tip of his penis . 
  he thought it was a good idea to sleep stark naked in a hammock in costa rica . 
  to nitpick slightly . 
  the pope told the norman english to invade ireland as they were pagan . 
  but the pope was english , so there could be truth in what you say ( do n't know enough to make a judgement . 
  would prefer a source ) . 
  but how did the blight get to ireland ? 
  i understand that technology got it there : clipper ships were so fast that they got infected potatoes across the ocean before signs of infection manifested . 
  edit : i went off my memory and i was wrong . 
  the pope issued a bull to allow henry ii to invade ireland to strengthen the papacy 's control over the irish church . 
  had a quick google and you appear to be correct !, 
  ( and me wrong ), 
  the papal bull for the invasion was issued to strengthen the papacy 's control on the irish church . 
  very true http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnam_war, 
  i watched this recently . 
  all i could think of was with all that they did : fbi , swat , marines , deaths of said personnel , destruction of sf , scrambling of jets , bombing the rock ... 
  would n't it have just been cheaper to pay the $ 100m ? 
  who wo n't shut up about her nerves . 
  insufferable wench . 
  j38 north bound on the m6 . 
  cumbria . 
  god 's county ( i might be biased ), 
  they did this for the provinces in the netherlands over in / r/thenetherlands, 
  was good . 
  yes . 
  artificial lake there with a bird sanctuary island in the middle of it . 
  edit : killington reservoir . 
  the cotentin peninsula is jutting up , yes . 
  utah.was on the eastern side of that and the others were on the flat between the peninsula and the seine estuary on the right . 
  to the left of the peninsular you can see the channel islands . 
  underneath the islands , that flat is brittany . 
  i agree . 
  this ca n't be accurate . 
  even if showed the ships coming from weymouth , it 's way off , both for the time frame and the number of dots that are near the channel islands . 
  the second panel , where the chap sends him to st helena , that could be sir john barrow . 
  i would this first :, 
  have you seen a game ? 
  have you ever been to germany ? 
  if yes , where ? 
  do you have connection to anywhere in germany ? 
  i follow bvb because in 2002 i was taken to a game there . 
  otherwise , any of those are a good bet . 
  brilliant . 
  remember gretna ? 
  the guy who bought them originally wanted to take over carlisle , but the offer was turned down . 
  i only learnt this recently myself so i ca n't say what i thought at the time , but what if carlisle had shot up leagues only then to disappear once the money was pulled when he passed away ? 
  not sure i would take that . 
  carlisle are not doing great now , but in recent years they 've had some relative success of promotions and league trophy finals , with one victory and fa cup third rounds . 
  those days will come again , i am sure of it . 
  i like to think i am realistic : carlisle is just too far removed to really attract any sort of major investment and players are not going to go up there without some financial incentive . 
  it has always been the problem , even when bill shankly was at the helm . 
  a similar club , barrow afc , only got their backer because his parents were from barrow . 
  he wants league football within five years , so i reckon he 's going to build them a solid base , but the club is based on manchester and train in manchester . 
  they go to barrow for home matches : they could n't attract any players otherwise . 
  yes , please . 
  in the netherlands , i 've heard them call people from limburg ( the southern bit that ` drips ' down ) ` bokkerrijders ' ( goat riders ) . 
  they say they have one leg shorter than the other so they can run over the hills quickly . 
  limburg being the hilliest part of the netherlands . 
  thanks for this , i could n't think what the english ones were , but now that you posted this , i feel dumb for not remember !, 
  we also have our own version of nessie : bownessie ( or wessie ) !, 
  was n't this last minute ? 
  the telegraph probably thought there would be an interpreter , which is a fair expectation for such a major conference !, 
  last minute though so they probably could n't get one . 
  ninja edit : hilarious blog though, 
  jack dee is in better shape, 
  he was watching a live stream of a press conference that was called at short notice . 
  there is usually an interpreter at these things , not in this case . 
  i had just arrived in melbourne and needed to take a tram . 
  heard you could buy on the tram . 
  got on , but it did n't take notes . 
  sat down and stared out of the window . 
  lost in my thoughts , someone sat behind me , violently rocking the whole seat , jerking me out of day dream land . 
  i realised i had my foot on the seat . 
  took it off . 
  then , the person behind me got up and demanded tickets . 
  shit . 
  i explained why i did n't have one ( machine did n't take notes ) he did n't care . '', 
  does the machine look like it takes notes ?? '', 
  i explained that i did n't know , sorry , just got here . 
  of course he was also angry about the foot on the seat , but because i had just arrived `` in australia '' ( not true , but just arrived in melbourne , yes ) he did n't fine me , but he did kick me off the tram . 
  lesson learnt !, 
  was n't bad , so much as my fault !, 
  love melbourne though and your trams , so i only took positives from your city . 
  it 's just another story i can now , always good in my book . 
  must go back soon . 
  been 9 years !, 
  and golum found gainful employment with the goblin king . 
  the boundary of lancashire went all the way up to coniston ( coniston old man was even in lancashire ) , driving down the east shore of windermere you can still see an old marker showing where westmorland ended and lancashire began . 
  being from furness , i did wonder why it was formerly part of lancashire , the old lonsdale hundred , and we still use the term north lonsdale , but your comment explains why !,
