  who can be used in both contexts and be correct , while the reverse can not be said for whom . 
  if someone wants to use whom , well bully to them , but it is not necessary . 
  he scored a hat trick on his villa debut , right ? 
  still remember that . 
  edit : second game, 
  nope , that 's not catch-22 . 
  [ this is ] ( http://smbc-comics.com/index.php?id=1676 ) ( relevant smbc ), 
  `` damn , i thought i could trust you . '', 
  dale allowed himself a faint chuckle . 
  they always do , he thought to himself . 
  `` you promised you would n't . '', 
  words . 
  so easy to use . 
  so simple to understand . 
  so quick to be believed . 
  it was amazing what could be accomplished with just words . 
  by saying what people wanted to hear . 
  dale said nothing and removed a knife and a chef 's steel from the draw . 
  `` please . '', 
  ah , the begging . 
  dale loved it when they begged . 
  `` do n't . '', 
  it was too late . 
  it had gone too far now . 
  dale could n't stop . 
  he brought down the knife and plunged it deep . 
  `` for fuck 's sake , dale . 
  you know i hate coriander , so do n't fecking put it in the curry . '', 
  `` but it really brings out the flavour of the dish ! '', 
  killed my darling ,, 
  killed my darling ,, 
  killed my darling clementine ... 
  also , you 'll really relate to your protagonist !, 
  watch matches . 
  pick which team feels right . 
  maybe you like a style of play . 
  maybe you like a player ( as you mentioned with polish players ) or maybe you just like the shirt of a club . 
  no bad reasons , just pick what feels like the best fit . 
  even if its bayern . 
  i 'll let a german do that , as i 'm english !, 
  but a quick overview of some clubs :, 
  bvb - very popular abroad after playing attractive football under klopp . 
  he 's gone though so we will see how their popularity stands amongst hipsters !, 
  bayer leverkusen - backed by bayer pharmaceutical company . 
  wolfsburg - backed by vw, 
  hoffenheim - rose to the buli after some rich backer invested ( as far as i recall ), 
  bremen - won the league not too long ago . 
  hsv - never relegated from buli . 
  only team to boast that . 
  bit of a mess these days at board level and have only scrapped survival from relegation . 
  augsburg - small club . 
  been up a couple of years and doing quite well . 
  monchengladbach - solid team i do n't know much about despite having seen them, 
  schalke - have probably the biggest buli rivalry with bvb . 
  solid team . 
  hertha berlin - only club from the capital in the league . 
  darmstadt - small and newcomers, 
  stuttgart - won the league in ~ ~ 05 . ~ ~ 2006/2007 season . 
  struggled last year . 
  thanks / u/sadforrestgump, 
  frankfurt - promoted a few years ago . 
  reputation for rough fans, 
  hannover - again i 've seen them but i do n't know anything, 
  an actual goat . 
  player man handled its horns recently . 
  had to apologise to the goat . 
  also koln is carnival city . 
  ingolstadt - new comers . 
  edit : i never pretended to be an expert on the matter of the teams and i have just gone off my basic personal knowledge / what german friends have told me , which obviously may be biased . 
  whoops , my mistake . 
  edited !, 
  thanks . 
  i 'm sticking with it after witnessing aachen v frankfurt when they got promoted and decided it was wise to cause [ $ 75,000 of damaged to the aachen stadium . 
  of course other fans could have done this , but couple it with the [ friendly v leeds ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/leeds-united/11755023/leeds-united-fans-attacked-by-eintracht-frankfurt-supporters-in-austria-friendly.html ) i 'm going to stick by it . 
  although i will not assume leeds fans were innocent . 
  dirty dirty leeds, 
  yeah fair enough . 
  all fans are can bit shitty . 
  i was just going on personal experience/what mates have told me . 
  i do n't mean to shit all over frankfurt fans !, 
  honest . 
  hell fans from my club ( carlisle united ) , were horrendous last time i say them away . 
  romanticism ... greens ? 
  ah danish !, 
  that answers that question !, 
  anyway . 
  in the netherlands the cyclists is never at fault , regardless of circumstances . 
  of course bikes there are generally separated from the road but still . 
  my mate was stopped at a red light . 
  stationary . 
  bike came round corner and hit him . 
  car 's fault . 
  you want cyclists thinking own the road , come to nl , because they do own the road . 
  of course it generally means knobs in two tonne cars respect them . 
  sk\u00e5l !, 
  on mobile so have no excuse . 
  but you have furthered my limited knowledge of danish . 
  so by choosing to drive , my mate was liable ? 
  interesting . 
  i should get that liability insurance !,
