  see you in two years in league one . 
  aye , b\u00fcttner got one from man u even though he only played 5 games that season 2012-13 `` at manager 's discretion '', 
  yeah , i was just quoting wiki . 
  guess it 's still up to the manager to decide who gets one from those who played 5 ? 
  running away ? 
  nah , you were neck and neck with barrow for most of the season . 
  but crucially two points behind !, 
  you lot were goal scoring demons though . 
  ah i 've just seen that you guys are out of the playoffs . 
  nevermind scoring more goals than first place , you were 13 points and 26 goals ahead of third !, 
  looking forward to it !, 
  i was at the match v stockport . 
  awful match cos of the wind but barrow looked solid . 
  so we got burgled . 
  no alarm , bottom of a cul de sac . 
  daft in hind sight , but that 's 20-20 . 
  anyway , we had people coming to check the house daily ( pick up mail , water plants , what have you ) . 
  one day , the cleaner comes in . 
  bottle of bailey 's on the table . 
  odd . 
  goes around the ground floor . 
  nothing amiss , buy its feels ... odd . 
  upstairs , parents bedroom is out of place . 
  turns out they took my step mums jewelry . 
  worst of all , they broke my 6 year old sister 's piggy bank . 
  but how did they get in ? 
  the living room felt draughty . 
  we had old victorian sash windows . 
  they had cut a little hole above the latch and wedged it open with a lawn edging tool . 
  the shed had a very old lock . 
  they had all the time in the world in that quiet place . 
  but how did they know we were gone ? 
  there is almost always someone home . 
  two theories : my step mum had made a point a few weeks prior that the new washing machine could n't be delivered between x and x. 
  possible . 
  or , the family friend who was checking us daily . 
  maybe he said something in the pub to a friend '' oh the smiths are on holiday until x date '' . 
  maybe it was heard . 
  everyone knows my dad ( local gp , small town ) , easy to find where he lives . 
  we 'll never know . 
  but there you go . 
  also , get an alarm , and proper locks . 
  nothing like closing the barn after the horse has bolted . 
  certainly possible , but he has one secretary who would n't say that !, 
  and he 's often out of the office . 
  but yeah , certainly possible , if only by a slip of the tongue . 
  would explain the shoe and the collection of love games ... 
  it 's remembrance day here in holland . 
  tomorrow is liberation day . 
  only a day of every 5 years , which it is tomorrow . 
  fancied a few beers . 
  supermarket closed at 7 . 
  relevant http://www.pbfcomics.com/215/, 
  it was our bailey 's . 
  also , they went to the shed at the back of the house and broke into that . 
  shed was part of the house , just looked like a cupboard , and cut a tiny triangle above the lock in the window . 
  fairly certain that takes foresight and a bit of skill and not being drunk . 
  it 's a comic about a guy trying to take a picture of a cat . 
  it 's sfw . 
  wise to be sceptical though !, 
  ball smashed into his hand from two yards away is ball to hand . 
  hand to ball is a penalty . 
  that 's why you 're not a ref . 
  ball was smashed into his hand from two yards . 
  no penalty, 
  `` handling the ball involves a deliberate act of a player making contact with, 
  the ball with his hand or arm . 
  the referee must take the following into, 
  consideration :, 
  \u2022 the movement of the hand towards the ball ( not the ball towards the hand ), 
  \u2022 the distance between the opponent and the ball ( unexpected ball ), 
  \u2022 the position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an, 
  infringement '', 
  rules of the game :, 
  handling the ball involves a deliberate act of a player making contact with, 
  the ball with his hand or arm . 
  the referee must take the following into, 
  consideration :, 
  \u2022 the movement of the hand towards the ball ( not the ball towards the hand ), 
  \u2022 the distance between the opponent and the ball ( unexpected ball ), 
  \u2022 the position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an, 
  infringement, 
  handling the ball involves a deliberate act of a player making contact with, 
  the ball with his hand or arm . 
  the referee must take the following into, 
  consideration :, 
  \u2022 the movement of the hand towards the ball ( not the ball towards the hand ), 
  \u2022 the distance between the opponent and the ball ( unexpected ball ), 
  \u2022 the position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an, 
  infringement, 
  do n't misquote . 
  seen them given in fairness . 
  i do n't think hull could have many complaints if one was given to be fair . 
  well your bit comes before my bit . 
  my bit is saying what the referee must consider to determine if it was deliberate . 
  obviously the ref decided it was n't . 
  another ref could have seen it differently . 
  i see why the ref did n't give it . 
  i do n't think it was a penalty . 
  that said , if it was given , there could be no complaints from hull,
