  `` the body !, 
  what did you do with the body ? '', 
  `` what body ? '', 
  `` the body !, 
  the body in the back of the car ! '', 
  she then went back to being sound asleep . 
  she had no recollection of it the next morning . 
  be patronising and cocky back . 
  apparently my mum , who was the youngest of 5 girls used to have the same problem with her oldest sister , who was always belitting her and being patronising even when my mum was well into her 20s ( sister is about 10 years older ) . 
  dad said that once my mum started treating sister the same way she soon stopped and became much closer . 
  was n't his reasoning that the boy never posed a threat . 
  an interesting use of semantics . 
  [ teal deer ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.google.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcsauws2vygnli7ijxmmoh2u6bxc85ryqkkglhnsjdt4fg2ezopmlw ), 
  either he told me and i forgot , or he never told me . 
  he probably checked outside the tent to make sure no one was running for the police , then went back to sleep . 
  brewed in strasbourg by the fischer brewery . 
  or it was , until heineken bought it . 
  think it is still brewed in strasbourg though . 
  but yeah , it 's french . 
  as you are subscribed to / r/germany i 'm going with that , but i would argue that the 30 years war was relatively more devasting . 
  not on a global scale , i grant you , but for what it did to the germanic states is beyond calculation . 
  i recognised your name from the subreddit . 
  really have no idea why now . 
  my mind . 
  i was going crazy , but i forgotten my mind on the bus . 
  we english are incredibly self-defacing . 
  we often think of it as an endearing national idiosyncrasy and sometimes it is , but other times it gets tiresome . 
  i 'm from the lake district and growing-up many people hated it as for young people there is not that much to do . 
  it is also easier to pick holes in things than to praise it . 
  as i got older i appreciated the stunning area of where i lived and made the most of it : hiking , cycling , swimming in some of the greatest scenery in the world . 
  i no longer live there , but i miss it . 
  edit : i should probably add that i moved away for university , but my parents still live there so i can always return , as i do because i love the area . 
  i believe he might mean the glass as , if i 'm right , this lager is in the wrong style glass : this type of glass is more suited to real ale . 
  unless , of course , it has a widget ( that little design at the bottom that keeps the bubbles going , as well as the ball of gas you find in guinness cans ) , then the glass is fine . 
  that 's the only thing i can see wrong , as the head does not seem excessive . 
  be good if op could explain what is wrong with this . 
  yeah , i know what you mean . 
  if it 's a shitty beer in a shitty bar that i 'm at just because the beer is cheap , fine , but if it 's a premium beer then there is no excuse for it . 
  i would think you would be in your right to politely request the beer in a proper glass . 
  same if a team wants to take a quick line-out : has to be with the same ball . 
  excellent work !, 
  there are a few things that i do , nice and simple that do n't up much time . 
  i 'm up to 3 sets every morning, 
  1 set is :, 
  sit-ups x10, 
  leg raises x10, 
  push-ups x10, 
  squat thursts x10, 
  do that every other day for a week , and increase by 5 every week . 
  as i said i just do 3 sets of 10 at least every other morning and it has made a noticable difference without taking up too much time . 
  you do n't even have to do them all at once . 
  maybe once set in the morning and one set in the evening . 
  lot of customer service jobs in the netherlands that you might be able to get . 
  also , i know you say you do n't have to money for university , but when you get a job elsewhere ( i have faith you will ) , you can save and a degree in the netherlands will cost you approx 1700 euros a year , plus if you work the government will give you money on top of your wages ( providing you meet the minimum monthly hourly requirements ) . 
  so you could work and study . 
   how would you react if you were a sentient child unable to defend itself and suddenly you are torn from this world and killed before you were every given a chance to love , to feel the wind on your face or have your first kiss . 
  work backwards through your life . 
  imagine how bad it would feel to have valuable and cherished life experience torn from your memory . 
  your last birthday - never happened . 
  seeing your children go to school or take their first steps - never happened . 
  getting married to the person you love - never happened . 
  falling in love - never happened . 
  it 's a worrying possibility that this is what we do on an industrial scale every day !, 
  tearing down the possible memories and experiences an individual will never get the chance to witness . 
  i get what your trying to say , but as you are inside the womb , you do not know of the existence of these experiences therefore you do not know that you could possibly miss out on them . 
  in fact , and this just came to me now , how could the child not know that that is not all live is ? 
  14 weeks , pain , then death . 
  allegory of the cave type of thing . 
  is that anne hathaway ? 
  firstly , i would like to state that i believe abortion should be legally allowed as it is a personal choice . 
  secondly , i 'll agree as i would like to hear your argument . 
  that 's a very fair point . 
  the last part is certainly as aspect i 've never thought of before . 
  my dad is a doctor and he does n't actually give his consent for abortions , unless , i am assuming , the pregnancy medically threatens the mother . 
  arguments like `` it 'll ruin my life '' do n't hold with him ( he says : `` no , it will change your life '' ) . 
  he will also not refer the patient to another doctor who will give their consent . 
  if a pregnancy can run the risk of threatening the life of the mother , then i believe abortion should be allowed by law , it also prevents women from going for back-alley abortions . 
  if the state controls it , it can be safer . 
  however , other options should always be pursued before an abortion , and better education on contraception is a way of reducing the need for women , and couples , looking for an abortion . 
  whatever . 
  never cared about it anyway . 
  stupid game . 
  * sulks . 
  instant reaction i guess . 
  out of habit you say sorry . 
  if your british and you live on continental europe , keep a 2p coin in your wallet/purse at all times and you can also use it in the same way ( providing the trolley takes 2euros , which they often do ) . 
  association football rules are based upon the sheffield rules that were codified in the mid-19th century ( i think in 1858 ) ( hence sheffield fc being recognised as the oldest football team in the world , founded in 1857 ) . 
  prior to this , different cities and schools played by their own rules and many different codes existed , including styles as what we now know as rugby . 
  i ca n't speak for all the others , but rugby and football did coexist but the fa was the first to write down the rules ( in 1863 ) using the sheffield code that is still the same today ( with a few modifications ) . 
  the rugby football union did n't form until 1871 ( i think ) . 
  bascially , there is no right answer to this . 
  this is the danse macabre , for the jonathan creek fans among us , that is also the name of the theme tune !, 
  edit : spelling, 
  quit , but do it in a friendly way . 
  do n't burn any bridges because you may need to get a reference from them . 
  do not get fired , that 's a terrible idea . 
  i agree that its unlikely , and i do n't know the relationship you have with your boss . 
  but you * might * need a reference so it ca n't hurt to leave on amicable terms . 
  * dad and me . 
  ian thorpe confirmed this yesterday whilst being a pundit for the bbc .
