  ate through my dictionary . 
  was on tv . 
  was n't really watching . 
  they wo n't become great if they do n't learn to read dangnabit !, 
  haha . 
  my first thought too . 
  for the curious : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/action_park#waterworld, 
  well moscow has already hosted the olympics and the cl final , so it works . 
  ryan giggs at salford ? 
  hey op , be careful with that rice . 
  you should n't keep rice more than 24 hours , ( and definitely not more the three days ! ), 
  even refrigerated . 
  it is a good way to get food poisoning . 
  strasbourg always seem to be in a crisis . 
  when i lived there ( 2009-2010 ) they got relegated after having something like 3-4 owners in the same season !, 
  they then went bust . 
  can you explain why they did n't get relegated last season ? 
  they finished 16th in the national . 
  at least this season they are doing ok . weird to think that a few seasons back they basically had a `` playoff final '' ( last day of the season , winner takes all match ) against montpellier to go back up to ligue 1 and lost . 
  montpellier went on to win ligue 1 soon after and strasbourg ... well . 
  when the recession hit ireland , a lot of people started to shop more at lidl and aldi . 
  i know at least one person ( my mate 's mum ) would go to the lidl in the next town so that no one would `` see her shopping at lidl '' . 
  she did n't quite grasp that if someone she knew saw her in lidl , it meant that they were also in lidl !, 
  that was in 2008 . 
  as you say , attitudes have changed since . 
  from what i know , and for full disclosure i did a masters in maastricht . 
  rotterdam is larger and will have ` more going on ' : it has a large music venue ( ahoy ) and even has a tennis open ( held in ahoy ) . 
  bigger and wider music scenes too . 
  rotterdam 's architecture is very modern and its population more ethnically diverse . 
  it 's close to amsterdam and utrecht , and everything stereotypically dutch ( dijks , windmills , tulips ) you are going to find here . 
  i ca n't speak for the what the people are like . 
  rotterdam also has three ( more than any other dutch city as far as i know ) professional football teams : feyenoord ( the most successful ) , sparta and excelsior ), 
  maastricht - the university is newer ( under 50 ) , but is one of the best in the world under the age of 50 . 
  there are loads of students and you 'll quickly learn the student hangouts . 
  it 's proximity to germany means you can pop over the border easily and visit there too ( aachen is lovely ) . 
  you wo n't be bored . 
  oh and they have carnival , which is ... an experience ( if you remember it ! ) . 
  the city is old . 
  the oldest in the netherlands ( although , nijmegen challenges it . 
  ok , it 's one of the oldest , before a nijmegener bites my head off ) . 
  the architecture is old : it even has most of the city wall intact !, 
  there was industry here in the form of mining . 
  most of this has stopped . 
  it does n't * feel * like the netherlands down in maastricht : there are hills around it , the buildings look more french . 
  but it 's very nice . 
  language levels . 
  i think i speak for both by saying that english will get you by fine in both cities , but more so in rotterdam . 
  even a splattering of dutch would make life in maastricht a bit easier . 
  maastricht has a reputation for being a culinary centre of the netherlands , but you 'll find good eating in rotterdam too . 
  ultimately , and this wo n't make you too happy , you 're going to have a great time in either city . 
  for my money , i would pick maastricht . 
  i am biased , of course , but also because i prefer smaller cities . 
  i think the beavers may have spread from there to the mainland too , having crossed the strait . 
  the barrow afc crest contain a bee that has been skewered by an arrow . 
  because bee-arrow = barrow . 
  it also has a nuclear sub . 
  i 'm half irish . 
  my problem with the suggestion for people to not call use the term the british isles is that i have never actually heard a good alternative . 
  the atlantic archipeligo is ambiguous , the east atlantic islands even more so . 
  britain and ireland misses off the likes of angelsey and the isle of wight , or the arran islands . 
  the one , to my mind , that works is the `` british and irish isles '' . 
  does n't roll off the tongue as well , but includes everything . 
   clearly the jury and the judge did n't see what he did being that serious seeing as he only got two and a half years . 
  he got five years , but was released early . 
  there 's a difference . 
  i do n't know why he was released early . 
  ah , ok . that explains why he could n't have gone to malta then . 
  cheers . 
  but now you can vote in local elections !, 
  and vote for british meps !, 
  same for me in nl, 
  i was not prepared for this today !, 
  my dad is irish . 
  my mum was french . 
  i was born and bred in england . 
  my accent is quite clearly northern english . 
  my dad never impressed upon me any sense of irish nationalism and my mum just made sure i spoke french . 
  both your parents were irish so you 're more irish than me . 
  i lived in ireland for three years and here was my experience :, 
  no one really gave a crap . 
  i never went around telling people i was irish , but i carry an irish passport and would support ireland ( and france ) . 
  if people asked i would say i 'm half-irish . 
  generally , people just wanted to know who i support in sports ( `` whoever is winner , '' i would usually say ) . 
  so , i would just say that your parents are irish , but you were raised in the states if you are asked . 
  no one will care or hold it against you . 
  and if they do , they can piss off . 
  tk maxx is the uk version of tj maxx and was so-called to prevent people confusing it with tj ~ ~ harvey 's ~ ~ . 
  source : think i read it on reddit once . 
  edit : brain fart, 
  t j hughes , not harvey 's . 
  in case you didnt see it http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/science-news/11331174/first-new-antibiotic-in-30-years-discovered-in-major-breakthrough.html, 
  the thing about arsenal is ... 
  they could do with world class cb . 
  `` what . 
  that ? '', 
  `` that , my friend , is a tank ! '', 
  my friend stared at me blankly . 
  i suppose he meant to ask why i have a tank . 
  a fair question , really . 
  `` i inherited it , '' i explained .
