  except you had to set up a tent to put it in away from the camper . 
  we only used it when wild camping . 
  cumberland sausages or sticky toffee pudding . 
  father 's day in uk and netherlands . 
  years ago i was in perth and thought about buying a car to drive across the country . 
  we did n't . 
  we flew . 
  we had planned to buy loads of water and food etc. 
  but we knew jack all about cars . 
  i feel so justified in my grown up decision !, 
  i always take a photocopy of my passport . 
  that 's always worked . 
  even when someone wants id for a discount or my credit card . 
  so if i was going to san francisco and then had three weeks and wanted to drive up to vancouver , canada , would that be too much ? 
  or is that a good amount of time to see and do stuff like hiking and beer drinking ? 
  mix it with apple juice . 
  alcoholic liquid apple pie !, 
  all that and you have to be switched on all the time . 
  i have switched off and let in a goal because i was n't paying attention and the opposition took a pot shot from distance . 
  being switched on for the full game if you are not constantly called to action is mentally draining . 
  a keeper needs to be quick off the mark to close down shots before they happen . 
  a good keeper wo n't have to make too many `` one for the cameras '' saves , because they will be shot preventing . 
  but if you are being peppered by shot constantly , that is not just mentally draining , but also physically . 
  also , the confidence aspect can be huge . 
  make five great saves in a row but then fuck up once ? 
  you will get berated . 
  i massively fucked up in the first match of a season once and my team gave me hell . 
  shattered my confidence and i was n't mentally strong enough to recover . 
  matches after that were shockers from me and i was dropped . 
  for camping/hiking you want function over anything else . 
  maybe these as an example http://m.cotswoldoutdoor.com/hi-tec-mens-lakeland-wp-boot-32110704?id_colour=143 . 
  but you want a pair of hiking boots you like the look at . 
  lot of hate for hiking boots here . 
  i 've done plenty of hiking in the height of summer in hiking boots . 
  modern hiking socks are n't too thick and dry quickly . 
  thick woolly ones wo n't . 
  gore tex leather . 
  comfortable , breathable ( to an extent , not as much as trail runner obviously ) and waterproof . 
  mfa is going to hate this post . 
  but you will be out in nature . 
  function first . 
  no one cares what you look like . 
  you sound like me . 
  i rarely buy it now as i will just sit down and consume a jar without realising it . 
  if i do buy it , i buy a small jar as damage limitation . 
  i think what op meant was who is feeding them all the junk . 
  clearly they need to eat but they ca n't get it themselves so someone is bringing them pies etc , rather than not allowing them pies and only bringing them a tuna salad ( for example ), 
  i went to a festival in the netherlands . 
  saw one ( tall ) woman use the men 's urinals . 
  was impressive . 
  you need to ring them . 
  i have done this fyi . 
  you ring them , tell them your car registration number and they give you a date and a time . 
  that 's it . 
  non-negotiable . 
  ( i called on wednesday morning , i had to pick up the following tuesday at 2 p.m. ), 
  when i say ring them , i mean you press redial an obscene amount of times before you get through . 
  i called from the minute the phone line open and it took 350 + redials and almost an hour . 
  but i got through . 
  you get two crates . 
  $ 40 each ( for the westvleteren 12 ) . 
  do n't be late . 
  westvleteren 12 is considered by many to be the best beer in the world . 
  honestly , the sint bernadus abt 12 is the same , ( personally i find it a bit better as it 's a bit sweeter ) . 
  [ all the information you need is on this page ] ( http://users.telenet.be/sintsixtus/sintsixtus/bierverkoopactueel.htm ), 
  i 'm sure your mate knows what he is doing , but if you rock up without a reservation , you 're going to have a bad time . 
  schlenkerla rauchbier ( marzen ) from bamberg , germany . 
  liquid bacon . 
  incredible . 
  unfortunately , i was not able to be there for the collection , my mate 's did that . 
  i * think * it 's two crates per reservation , one car per reservation . 
  once you make a reservation on a phone number , the same number can only be used again after a period of 60 days . 
  the same car can only be used again after a period of 60 days . 
  sounds like you have it all figured out though . 
  so good luck !, 
  i 'm not going to mention jimmy glass !, 
  being brentford in the league trophy in 2011 . 
  did n't cry but was bloody ecstatic . 
  they were removed from service for being utter balls in 2013 . 
  to my knowledge , tgv does n't service nl . 
  however , thalys goes up to rotterdam , schiphol , and amsterdam . 
  the dutch word for gloves literally translates to ` hand shoes ' - * handschoen *, 
  the word you want is disgusting . 
  completely overpowers everything that i am eating and it is all i can taste if it is in the dish . 
  tastes like soap . 
  however , for those who do n't experience this when eating coriander , i hear it 's very nice . 
  * [ outsourced ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1593756/ ) *, 
  there was only one season but i really enjoyed it . 
  i 've never seen anyone reference it on reddit , and no one i know has ever heard of it . 
  highly recommend . 
  i rang my close friends and family ( parents , uncles , aunts ) . 
  everyone else found out through facebook , as we know people scattered around the world so it was the easiest way !, 
  completely forgot to tell my colleagues though . 
  they found out via the only colleague i have on facebook . 
  since this looks like rugby , my guess it 's those guys are hungover . 
  my guess : hungover . 
  well he did rip out the tracking beacon in it 's skin , camoflage itself nearby and then attack all the acts . 
  that could be argued to be smart . 
  or it thought : `` this thing bloody hurts . '', 
  and rips it out then sees a load of people arrive `` imma gon na hide '' .
