  also asked him why the box said `` do not consume with alchohol or weed '' , asked why , he said it just heightened the the effect . 
  flash forward 2 hours . 
  been drinking for 2 hours . 
  walking red light district a'dam , high as a kite . 
  go into strip club . 
  thrown out cos we wont buy drinks . 
  man starts bothering us . 
  tell him to f-off . 
  starts chasing me with bottle . 
  mate stops him . 
  i 'm freaking out . 
  mate explains reality , walls start closing around him . 
  decide he is evil . 
  turn to other friend ; he thinks i 'm crzy . 
  decide he is evil . 
  try to run home . 
  friends find me . 
  walk home without me . 
  i catch up with them at t-junction . 
  they are lost . 
  i say right , they say left . 
  i am home 30 mins quicker . 
  wake up next morning . 
  read my note pad :, 
  ssssshh harry potter . 
  evidennlty , yes , i am anonymous . 
  awesome . 
  touch\u00e9 , my good man . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  firing a rifle . 
  like a queen . 
  i voice my opinions out loud when i 'm by myself , but feel a right muppet when there is someone in ear shot . 
  example : yesterday i said `` oh that 's where the tomato landed . '', 
  i then realised my neighbour was looking right at me . 
  but they will find you through our extensive big brother ( by which i mean cctv ) . 
  i 'm assuming gas stations in the states are full of cctv cameras so they can keep track of all vehicules that come on site . 
  mate 's dad forgot to pay for his fuel once . 
  that evening the police came knocking . 
  they were cool about it , but told him he had to pay it within 24 hours . 
  i do n't know what happens if you do n't pay but i guess you got to court . 
  source , i did it last night and it worked great . 
  also , the shiny part of the foil reflects a lot of the heat back up , rather than it being lost to the metal frame of the bbq . 
  this is why when you have been exposed to the elements for a long time , paramedics/rescue workers/firemen , will wrap you up in a blanket that for intents and purposes is a thin sheet of aluminium foil because it * retains the heat * . 
  finally , delia smith - british tv chef , if you do n't already know her - recommends it in her book * delia 's complete cookery course *, 
  on my bbq , the coals dont sit on the foil . 
  however , foil does n't burn . 
  i often put foil in the oven as someone above does too , and it does n't burn . 
  yes , this is a basic scientific principle that shiny foil reflects heat . 
  they teach it at gcse in the uk ( end of high school exams , i guess in the states ) . 
  [ here is a link ] ( http://www.gcsescience.com/pen11-heat-shiny-reflection.htm ) that shows you the principle in radiators, 
  where on earth did you get this idea from ? 
  there is no risk involved in this . 
  as geekbrownbear posted :, 
   burning things on aluminum foil usually will not make the foil create fumes . 
  but if you start to melt and burn the aluminum itself you do risk potential harm . 
  aluminum starts to melt at around 1200f so if you are doing anything that requires that much heat , hopefully you already know the safety !, 
  fair enough then , i can understand that . 
  incidently , it is widely considered that learning a second language is an excellent way to prevent dementia in later life . 
  i believe ( but ca n't remember offhand ) that it is increasingly less likely the more languages you know . 
  whilst this might not be totally confirmed , you should learn a second language . 
  no risk , and you can have fun , 
  of course , if you already have learnt a second language , good on you !, 
  edit : a link saying so : http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/dementia/pages/prevention.aspx, 
  you know , i wonder if there are studies into that being beneficial . 
  you never know , i mean , they 're foreign to me !, 
  it 's not about the destination , it 's about the journey . 
  i was told search say no to 0845 , and you still get that website you posted as your top hit , so it is n't the wrong search term . 
  thank you for posting that site though , i 'll do an edit . 
  citizens of the uk . 
  go abroad a lot ? 
  bring 2p coins with you : you can use them for in trollies instead of fishing around for a 2 euro coin as it has the same diameter . 
  2p coin is n't a substitute in vending machines , however , because it is lighter than a 2 euro coin . 
  final note , and somewhat unethical , 2p coins can be used in pool tables in france instead of 2 euro coins !, 
  sounds like you also need to get your turning signal replaced . 
  but in case it happens again you should remember these [ hand signals ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-p8lmoicdx1a/tqmvb1ztkni/aaaaaaaaahm/jun8ilzow0e/s1600/handsignals111.jpg ), 
  carbon fibre ca n't really be repaired . 
  i think it 's because the structure is compromised and it could go at anytime . 
  my tennis racquet was carbon fibre . 
  took it for a restring and it got cracked ( christ knows how that happened . ), 
  anyway , half way through a game crack . 
  racquet broke in two . 
  i know a tennis racquet is n't a bike , but i 've been on a bike that suddenly breaks and it 's not a good end . 
  guy walked past me on a bridge and pointed to the sky saying , `` do you think those lines in the sky are normal , man ? '', 
  `` yes , '' i replied . 
  `` they are vapour trails . '', 
  i happened to be a delightfully sunny cold day . 
  not unusual for vapour trails from planes to hang around long after the plane !, 
  odd man . 
  i 'm not gon na lie , you look damn fine on the right . 
  i 'm a guy . 
  no homo . 
  but arnheim is actually a more technically correct name as the name means `` home of the eagle '' due to the eagles that lived in the hills north of the city . 
  also , you argument is invalid : in liege , the name of the city is liege . 
  in the netherlands , the name of the city is luik . 
  both are correct . 
  same applies to arnhem . 
  source : i live in arnhem . 
  `` british captain bobby moore '', 
  when will you people learn ? 
  change that to english captain bobby moore .
