  of gelderland !, 
  i agree with the above , as a brit , too !, 
  the history of the british empire is often divided in two with the american revolution being a watershed moment . 
  everything after wards is british empire 2.0 . 
  the british learnt a lot from the war and it 's causes . 
  they gave canada more rights , as the whole '' no taxation without representation '' could have taken hold there too . 
  give it more rights , they are less likely to rebel . 
  further more , and this is applying history backwards , which i should n't but i will , in the 19th century it was said ( forget by who ) that a time would come when a colony would naturally move to independence , like a child leaving the family home , and it would be encouraged . 
  this was talking about the settler colonies : ca , aus , nz , sa . 
  the usa would have fallen into this category . 
  can we say for certain ? 
  but things would have changed . 
  maybe what britain gave canada would have also been given to the us . 
  the biggest change for me though would be without the loss of the us , britain would have had no cause to colonise australia . 
  perhaps that would have become french ? 
  that continent would be different . 
  haha !, 
  brilliant !, 
  lucky for your dad too !, 
  reminds me of a story i heard working in a pub . 
  true ? 
  no idea , buy probably not . 
  anyway , every night , the manager out the till in the safe , with all of the days takings etc. 
  would put the till in top , open , put till inside , close , leave . 
  one night , he left the till on top of the safe . 
  forgot to put it inside . 
  must have been interrupted , or so . 
  that same night , the pub is broken into . 
  safe is busted open . 
  but it 's empty . 
  the till on top of the safe ? 
  untouched !, 
  very lucky . 
  yeah , but zat knight sounds like a frenchman reminiscing about a particularly eventful evening, 
  i remember reading something similar . 
  clubs also could have a say . 
  south end could say they do n't want to play at the same time as west ham at home because they would get less attendance . 
  it was crazy complicated . 
  and it used to be done by one guy !, 
  found the bbc article i read http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/legacy/paulfletcher/2009/06/secrets_of_the_fixture_compute.html, 
  in the book * yes man * the protagonist is in a pub and he makes eye contact with a girl and smiles at her . 
  next thing he knows there is a guy up in his face , but the protagonist has to to say yes to everything :, 
  `` you looking at my girlfriend ? '', 
  demanded the macho , angrily . 
  `` yes . '', 
  `` you looking for a fight ? '', 
  `` yes . '', 
  unsure how to handle this situation , as he probably has the whole scrappy-doo `` lem me at 'em lem me at 'em '' , mr macho replies :, 
  `` you 're weird , '' and leaves . 
  that game is epic . 
  myself and a friend / u/3brave5u paly it every now and again . 
  brilliant game . 
  but i think you are refering to the bit at the end of the underwater level when you are in a bubble ? 
  you can try and squeeze through , but without mickey you a screwed ? 
  you had to go back and then a jet of water would shoot you up to a tropical island level !, 
  until / u/me-tan replies , i 'm going to guess that bit at the end of the underwater bubble level . 
  scannable from evernote lets you do this . 
  it does what the micro soft app does too, 
  i remember going ape-shit when we won the league trophy ... in an empty bar ... on my own ... in ireland . 
  good times . 
  good times . 
  burn off excess fat so that you could never be overweight . 
  why is this match being played at 15h on a wednesday ? 
  is there a holiday in italy today ? 
  whilst the wounds are still fresh !, 
  ouch . 
  might check it out myself , now that barrow are there though !, 
  2009-2010 he was carlisle 's top goal scorer !, 
  of course , he also missed * that penalty * for ireland v spain in 2002 world cup . 
  i know keane scored the equaliser in the 90th minute , but still . 
  plenty of cheese shops over here in nl , and you can find cheddar cheese them . 
  one of the supermarkets stocks cathedral cheddar , which i get sometimes in emergencies ... 
  hey , ask / r/ukfrugal can help you too, 
  i was about to say preston ( 9 play-off defeats ) , but then i realised you said finals . 
  and , yes , you hold that unfortunate record . 
  one of my favourite football moments involves sheffield utd actually . 
  however , it also involves david seaman 's cat-like reflexes ... 
  i remember watching a world cup game once upon a time . 
  absolute shocker of a game , but it was still 1-1 at half time . 
  generally refs give 30 seconds of stoppage for a goal . 
  exactly on the 45th minute , the ref blew for half time . 
  i remember this boring anecdote because it was the only thing linekar and co had to discuss . 
   ( which will almost certainly extend beyond zone 1 . 
  so ... zone 3-4 maybe ? 
  haha !, 
  seriously , though , that would be cool . 
  i saw the cycle paths in edinburgh recently : cycle paths in between car lanes . 
  just looked like suicide . 
  - choose what tickets you want ( max four per applicant , 1 match per day ), 
  - enter your application into a lottery . 
  - cross your fingers in said lottery . 
  similar to rugby wc 2015 by the looks of it . 
  once the draw is made in december , tickets will also be available via the qualified fas for supporters . 
  in march/april 2016 there will be an official resale window for people who do n't want their allocation . 
  this will be done at face value . 
  that makes more sense . 
  i thought he meant this one : https://youtu.be/bsbftlnm5t4?t=151, 
  worth remembering that the only reason this match was even televised was because bradford had just won the league and they received the trophy before the match . 
  that would be why they were celebrating . 
  but yes , they probably regret it once they knew the full tragedy .
