  but how does this work ? 
  if i remain silent until i speak to my lawyer and then i go to court and answer a question to which i remained silent to in custody can the police say `` your honour we asked the accused this in custody and they refused to answer '' ? 
  would my silence in custody be seen as an admission of guilt ? 
  i did n't live there , so i do n't care !, 
  but i will take your word on that, 
  if you steal many apples but then your lord comes and says that is bad and punishes you by taking away a couple of the many apples you have stolen , you are still left with many of the fruits of your illegal labour . 
  i lived in maastricht . 
  i did n't live in gent . 
  but i will take your word that flikken gent is better . 
  my point was if i was choosing between the two i would choose maastricht because i lived there . 
  the other show might be better but in the maastricht version i can see places i know and that adds to the interest to me . 
  also , maastricht one is on netflix . 
  first time we ever did proper lifts at school our flanker got really scared ( turns out he is terrified of heights ) and screamed like a little girl and kicked out his leg . 
  full on whacked our number 8 in the nuts . 
  he was never lifted again . 
  my roommates and me is grammatically correct * at certain times in english * , not dialect . 
  example : `` the teacher gave the book to my roommates and me '' . 
  this is correct . 
  using ` i ' would be wrong . 
  op 's title is just wrong though . 
  well it 's for the exact reason that you said . 
  saying ` the teacher gave the book to i ' is n't right so you ca n't add roommates before i and have it be correct either . 
  i is subject form of the first person pronoun . 
  me is the object of the first person pronoun . 
  in my example the teacher is the subject of the sentence and the roommates and you are the objects therefore `` i '' ca n't be used since it is not the object form while `` me '' is . 
  my roommates and i got the book from the teacher is correct because then the teacher and the book become the objects and `` my roommates and i '' become the subjects . 
  i double majored in french and history for my bachelor and then did a master in political science . 
  i now work for an electricity company . 
  i do n't use my french often except when i go to paris/brussels , but it certainly helped me get the job . 
  those that ca n't teach , teach gym . 
  merci !, 
  last time i went to a premier league match it was the same : no drink in sight of the pitch . 
  if you 're gon na correct it , correct it properly !, 
  right at the bottom `` known drowning fatalities '', 
  did anyone read the page ? 
  a teenager was crushed by a wall first , got trapped in the rubble and drowned . 
  sounds horrible . 
  also a 3 year old and a 4 year old drowned . 
  fair point . 
  well made . 
  i dunno , the man can tell a story . 
  certainly no dickens , or rowling , but he keeps you interested . 
  but that is twattish . 
  but that is n't the city of rotterdam difference . 
  what 's the difference between feyenoord , sparta , and excelsior supporters ? 
  really interesting summary !, 
  thanks . 
  i have a mate who supports sparta , so now i shall mock him and call him posh . 
  i 'm sure some clubs would take issue with you calling feyenoord the most passionate and loyal in the world , but i do not doubt that you are certainly up there !, 
  i live in nl so have seen it myself ( including this one guy in my office ... ), 
  yeah but he took over a wolfsburg that was in disarray following felix magath , and forrest were a mess as wel when he went there . 
  going back to twente was a mistake though . 
  i do think moyes could well in germany or nl , but germany does seem quite tricky as many clubs are pretty even so he may not want to risk what reputation he as , as you say . 
  i 'll never forget our prop shouting `` referee !!! '', 
  and the ref responding : `` this is n't soccer . 
  shut up . '', 
  why ? 
  it sounds like op is a ref and the game is the same at all levels . 
  you ca n't compare 5-a-side and eleven-a-side : they have different rules . 
  but the rules are the same whether it 's real madrid v barca or its tiny village fc v hamlet afc . 
  in the uk it 's not called lou gehrig 's disease . 
  so i think in this case it got name as he was a very famous case of it . 
  i agree , although your username implies otherwise ... 
  depends what you want to say . 
  if someone writes an amazing book you could call it a ` tour de force ' , so i 'm not sure what it is you want to say . 
  that would work , or `` a true show of skill '', 
  same . 
  20 ; 45 kick off on a sunday may have had something to do with it . 
  a third full because the ultra section was full . 
  no away fans . 
  funnily , i first learnt this from jane eyre . 
  i told my prof that u thought it clich\u00e9 in terms of strong female protagonist . 
  she said it ca n't be clich\u00e9 when it pretty much invented it . 
  i am drunk . 
  but i am with friends and we were discussing source travel . 
  then we were being all existentialist . 
  then i saw your comic . 
  we all laughed . 
  it is amazing . 
  you rule . 
  that is a rash generisation of a very touchy regional subject . 
  i 'm from cumbria and never in my life have i heard a butty called a barm , but that is n't to say it did n't exist . 
  bap i 've heard , as its northern , but i do n't use . 
  the geordies call a bap a stotty . 
  also , who has a butty with pie and peas ? 
  that 's just odd . 
  pie and peas is more than enough . 
  off topic : chips , cheese , and gravy . 
  that 's what its about . 
  yum . 
  bloody hell i had some typos there !, 
  but i never knew about eccles or south wales . 
  best sausages are cumberland . 
  nothing else compares . 
  3 years in ireland and i personally think to you overstate your sausages . 
  sorry to be blunt . 
  really . 
  you 're right . 
  i was rash in my statement ( hypocritically ) . 
  in fairness , local butcher sausages in galway were great !,
