  i skimmed it and further down i gave my comments after i did read it . 
  clearly you did n't read that . 
  are you stupid ? 
  not nice is it . 
  anyway , my skimmed assumption turned out to be correct . 
  so clearly i am not stupid . 
  try constructively commenting instead of just insulting random people in the internet . 
  the imf is basically a legal loan shark . 
  dammit man !, 
  ( or woman ) . 
  now i wo n't sleep tonight . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't source this ( on mobile ) but i believe the french had the best trenches in terms of comfort . 
  some even figured out how to centrally heat them in winter ( read that in horrible histories so take that how you will ) . 
  op delivers . 
  good on you . 
  flaming burrito that is some detailed predictions !, 
  pleased to see new caledonia got a goal . 
  love this , but hungary and romania in the same group might asking for trouble !, 
  ( yes , they were in the same qualifying group , but they are not big fans of each other . ), 
  anyway , my opinion on the logistics : have it in the same country and the world cup or have it straight after the world cup , but in previous host nation . 
  example : 2014 wc is in brazil ; 2014 division i would be in south africa . 
  personally , though , i think there are too many teams ( if it was the be a real thing ) because of time scales . 
  perhaps reduce it to 16 ( taking out approx half of each group ) . 
  * we do n't want to fight but by jingo if we do , *, 
  * we 've got the ships , we 've got the men , we 've got the money too , *, 
  * we 've fought the bear before , and while we 're britons true , *, 
  * the russians shall not have constantinople . 
  comes from victorian music halls . 
  this particular song was in response to something to an event in the russo-turkish war . 
  my favourite part of motd is the opening credits when they show the saves . 
  well the americans have a custom of a holocaust against the native population . 
  wait . 
  both of those statements prove nothing . 
  they incredibly over simplistic and do nothing to counter this mans ( or woman 's ) point . 
  `` you 're a monster , mr oberyn !, 
  a monster !, 
  i 'm not a monster , just the window cleaner . '', 
  * canned laughter *, 
  but we will see beautiful women wearing little clothing so we wo n't mind so much . 
  and you guys are great ones for the drink . 
  now qatar ... 
  not quite the same but i 'm watching it at a music festival in nl . 
  ca n't see the screen though . 
  hence reddit !, 
  there is a big screen but it 's in a crap position . 
  i would be covered in beer now !, 
  i heard a few years ago they were looking into a way to finish matches without pks . 
  have n't heard anything since though . 
  edit : my personal preference would be to flood the pitch with balls after 120 minutes and see who can score the most within five minutes . 
  we could call it full-time multi-ball !, 
  yes , i got this from a budweiser advert . 
  it does n't make it less valid . 
  witch doctor, 
  i imagine a whole other set of problems if france play algeria !, 
  it would be ... 
  heated . 
  that 's a disservice to algeria . 
  a team germany have never beaten at a world cup . 
  clashed heads at the start of their last game against russia, 
  my bad . 
  thanks . 
  france colonised algeria . 
  france made algeria part of france . 
  algeria fought for independence . 
  won it . 
  but france used dirty tactics ( torture ) . 
  many algerians live in france . 
  paris is biggest city . 
  rip donald campbell . 
  love swimming in coniston water . 
  unsurprising as the ending was filmed in the lake district . 
  [ this is route up to scafell pike that i took ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/britpics/comments/uhpqk/wastwater_from_below_the_summit_of_scafell_pike/ ), 
  this is from just below the final summit . 
  i have experience of this : i have a french mother and an irish father . 
  every year in the rugby i must choose . 
  and i do . 
  whoever is winning . 
  because they have more to do so more practise, 
  assistant ref flagged offside . 
  he was n't but it was flagged, 
  that 'll do it . 
  this sounds great !, 
  and at the same time as euro 2016 . 
  they should just combine them and create some sort of global football competition . 
  no , i watched doctor who for amy pond . 
  now i watch it for the new one . 
  whatsherface . 
  clara . 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  i 'm also in the netherlands and it 's all we talk about in the office . 
  everyone watches all the games . 
  at home . 
  the dutch are quite frugal so they wo n't go out for every game but they go nuts for the dutch ones . 
  each game has been like a mini queen 's day . 
  going out for every game would be expensive . 
  it adds up . 
  the dutch are massively into their sport . 
  they watch at home with friends and drink there . 
  basically do n't talk out of your arse . 
  if you prefer the american way , that 's fine .
