  - albert camus . 
  the only goalkeeper to have won a nobel prize . 
  since we 're talking about ships , i 'm going to say death : it 's where you get scrapped . 
  alternatively , since it is where they are made then everything that is n't life . 
  afterlife ? 
  back from whence they came ? 
  in fairness it 's based on a hotel in torquay ... 
  then life overwhelms it and it hits rock bottom . 
  edit : word, 
  the warming tray in the netherlands is called the bin . 
  when i worked in mcd there , there was a promotion for a 2 $ mcbacon . 
  a quarter pounder was 3 $ . 
  the difference between the two ? 
  mcbacon had a slice of bacon . 
  the qp had a slice of cheese instead of bacon . 
  the amount of people the ordered a qp without bacon was insane . 
  eventually , after 2 weeks , management realised . 
  carried on . 
  not their problem really . 
  rescue rangers !, 
  ever seen the youtube video unfinished london ? 
  there are only two episodes , one talks about the northern line and the other the m25 . 
  as boring as that sounds they are full of really interesting things . 
  i 'll link you if you care to see it . 
  i 've tried !, 
  but no one wants my british blood . 
  i 'm not even british . 
  it 's just i was born there and lived there during the `` wrong '' years . 
  they cater to different tastes . 
  i do n't like eastenders , but so what ? 
  do n't watch it . 
  the bake of is great . 
  it inspires me to bake , i learn great tips and they teach the history of what is being made . 
  i do n't watch strictly but there is a high probability it has got more people going to dancing classes , being active . 
  who cares if it middle class tele ? 
  are you implying i 'm a celebrity is lower class tele ? 
  let there be a diverse schedule for everyone . 
  you can also tell which one is owned by which brother if they sell cigarettes at the counter , which is why the company split in the first place . 
  primary school - ages 5-11 ( years 1-6 ), 
  secondary school - ages 11-16 ( years 7-11 ), 
  sixth form - ages 16-18 ( years 12-13 ), 
  in england and wales ( scotland and northern ireland are different , so i wo n't speak for them ) sixth form is also known as college ( ` cos it 's sixth form college ) , so if you hear one of us say `` college '' , we do n't mean university . 
  what about franconians ? 
  i would love to see them do that without being in violation of some eu law . 
  the one that springs to mind is the free movement of goods and people ( where all eu citizens must be treated the same as a native of the country they are in , to summarise it poorly ), 
  they do , you 're right . 
  but , firstly , switzerland is not in the eu , and secondly , austrians must pay too , without being in violation of eu law . 
  you ca n't apply one rule to austrians and another to all other eu citizens . 
  i 'm not austrian , so i do n't know for certain , but maybe austrians do n't have to pay a different tax as a sort of ` discount ' ( that eu expats in austria also would n't have to pay ) . 
  france impose tolls on everyone and you ca n't go from iberia/british isles ( barring two specific ferries ) to the rest of europe without going through france . 
  germany could impose the same . 
  '' - what is it you do ? 
  - well , i 'm a food scientist * giggles from audience *, 
  well what does that mean ? 
  have you invented anything ? 
  - i invented the solero * gasps from audience *, 
  - the solero ? 
  what ? 
  all of them ? 
  - no , no . 
  just the tropical fruits . '', 
  from dara o'briain 's stand up . 
  he knew what he was doing . 
  he would arrive late to build suspense as everyone would be waiting for him to arrive ( and the place would be full ) ; he would start by speaking quietly so the whole room would strain to hear him as he would crescendo and launch into a ripping tirade that would stir up a frenzy . 
  would have been coached in doing all that and makes for very charismatic speeches . 
  my ( non-german ) understanding is that it is the bundesrepublik and the parliament is the bundestag , officially , but the building is called the reichstag , so the chancellor would be bundeskanzler as reich means kingdom . 
  a much better german explanation !, 
  how about you do n't post mobile clips that are unavailable to view on mobile . 
  great . 
  thanks . 
  site was linked to an m.youtube site . 
  that i couldnt watch . 
  yootoobe told me the rights owner disabled viewing on mobile devices . 
  that 's my problem . 
  not on a phone . 
  but it 's probably an issue with apple and my ipad . 
  sorry if i caused offence . 
  did n't mean to jump down your throat . 
  it 's probably a problem with apple . 
  i 've apologised to throwaway for having a go . 
  unless you get anal beads . 
  went to that recently with my dutch and czech colleagues . 
  they were all so eager to go . 
  i was very apprehensive . 
  whilst nit the worst thing i 've ever been too , you 're assessment is pretty spot on . 
  a guy at a bar i worked at was trying to get people to take the following bet :, 
  `` if i have your name tattooed on my arse , you buy me a drink . '', 
  no one took him up on it that night , but he showed us his arse anyway . 
  he did indeed have `` your name '' tattooed on his arse . 
  that 's what that film was !, 
  i caught a tiny bit of it once and have been wondering ever since . 
  i 'm going to watch it this weekend all thanks to you bogartee . 
  i prefer / r/spaceclop, 
  the simple solution to that is to turn your phone off completely whilst in the cinema . 
  you wo n't be checking it anyway . 
  there are several artists that make c&h ( i dont know who the first creator is ) . 
  at least four . 
  i personally find those not done by rob denbleyker a bit rubbish . 
  still scared . 
  god !,
