  however , due to tactics used by the french , the fln was politically successful . 
  no , they won the french revolutionary wars , which was about nations trying to overturn the revolution and restore the bourbon monarchy . 
  france lost the napoleonic wars . 
  although they can be argued to be a continuation of the revolutionary wars they are different as the rw were about maintain france , whilst the nw were about a military conquest of an empire . 
  it is a victory in so far as the free french forces and the french resistance were ultimately successful . 
  french armed forces took part in the liberation of france . 
  yes , it was largely america that won the war , i am not denying that . 
  however , france was part of the allied forces that was victorious . 
  france was part of the allied forces . 
  you should read up on it . 
  french forces took part in the liberation of france and the invasion of germany . 
  it is like being injured at the start of the season , but coming back into the team for the play-offs . 
  the french revolutionary wars are different to the french revolution . 
  france was victorious in the french revolutionary wars and signed the treaty amiens with britain in 1802 . 
  in 1804 napoleon became emperor of france and launched what is now known as the napoleonic wars . 
  france won the first five of those wars , before losing the sixth coalition at the battle of leipzig in 1813 and losing the battle of waterloo in 1815 after the 100 days . 
  the hundred years war was a series of wars , but at the end in 1453 , england ( not britain , there was no political entity of britain at this stage , only the geographical landmass of the island of britain ) held calais . 
  so , not exactly large swaths of land . 
  england lost calais in 1558 . 
  i did n't say it was a french victory , i said france won the military side of the war . 
  i 'm english , actually . 
  i 'm saying they were part of the eventual victory . 
  i am by no means saying they were victorious by themselves . 
  also , do n't forget the canadians and anzac soldiers . 
  you 're talking about anna friel , right ? 
  when i lived in galway , i lived pretty central . 
  one side of the street could get upc , my side ? 
  nope . 
  or maybe you are just ignorant . 
  try reading . 
  * as i took a walk on the old long walk *, 
  i thought so too , but dunes ? 
  and a beach nearish a bridge ? 
  ok , op does n't give us timings , but i do n't think it quite fits galway . 
  smaller populations , for the most part . 
  ireland - `` free '' , but the way they keep increasing the student levy ( currently $ 2500 ) they might as well make them fee paying , so it can be paid off when you can afford it , not up front . 
  ( i studied in ireland ), 
  france - i think that is pretty nominal , ca n't be sure . 
  germany - bigger population , but it varies from state to state . 
  [ two \\ ( lower saxony and bavaria \\ ) charge $ 500 per semester plus $ 50 registration fee per semester . 
  all the other just charge the registration fee ] ( http://www.studyineurope.eu/study-in-germany/tuition-fees ) . 
  according , to / u/xaethon , this may be changing to no fees . 
  as it is it is state managed though , there are smaller populations involved . 
  netherlands - c. $ 1700 per annum . 
  a lot more if you choose to do a second masters now . 
  ( also studied in nl ), 
  scandinavia is ( mostly ? ), 
  free . 
  but smaller population and high tax pay for this . 
  just some countries that i thought i would mention . 
  personally , i do n't support fees , but since we now have them , i think they are the best way of doing them as you only pay when you can afford to pay it back . 
  what is it now ? 
  earning a minimum of # 20k p/a ? 
  essentialy , makes it an extra tax, 
  that is n't what i said . 
  i said it varies from state to state in germany , so it dealt with on a level of smaller populations that on a country wide level . 
  i did not say germany has a large population and that 's why they have low fees . 
  you could get a [ prepaid mastercard ] ( http://www.fairfx.com/cardselection ), 
  you top it up , but it can be used anywhere that accepts mastercard ( so , the car hire company ) . 
  you are not borrowing money and it only works if you put money on it . 
  how ? 
  you pay a one off fee of ten quid and then you just top it up . 
  how is that more expensive than a credit card ? 
  it basically a debit card . 
  a great way to practice is to use car registration plates . 
  as you 're driving walking whatever , you can read the plates and practice !, 
  that 's the anywhere card . 
  as op was going to germany the euro card would make the most sense as there are no charges on transactions ( in euro zone ) . 
  i have one from skrill ( it 's good for euro accounts like mine , but not for sterling ) . 
  it 's great cos i ca n't get a credit card due to dutch law ( long story ) . 
  that 's probably true , but since they do n't take debit cards , they are more likely to accept a prepaid mastercard . 
  especially since op 's issue is in germany , where there are a limited number of accepted cards ( visa electron , for example , is a no ) . 
  of course , the car hire will also place a reserve on the debit card , which can be pretty big , meaning that op would n't be able to use any of that reserve until the car is returned . 
  i think , in this case , a credit card is the best option . 
  i think that map is one of the reason 's the armada got shipwrecked after it was defeat . 
  some of the ships thought they could go around scotland . 
  they were n't really aware of how the coast was shaped or that there were islands north of the mainland . 
  but yes , you are right , but my point was that the maps were n't great then either . 
  although as you can see from [ this ] ( http://www.bl.uk/learning/images/uk/liz/large8036.html ) and [ this ] ( http://www.britishbattles.com/spanish-war/spanish-armada.htm ) the amps were better than what columbus had , but they were still full or inaccuracies , especially with regard to scotland . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/snd-store/381229/original.jpg ) we call these sausage rolls . 
  [ der spiegel had a good article on this recently ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/essay-on-racism-growing-up-turkish-in-germany-a-932154.html ), 
  ca n't believe no one has said this ( that i can see ) . 
  i would invent organized sports . 
  tennis , cricket , football ( soccer ) , golf , hockey , rugby and anything else i i know the rules of . 
  darts , pool . 
  dd they have cards back then ? 
  probably , oh well . 
  invent the games i know !, 
  then i would write the rights of man and citizen . 
  they have gold in wales and ireland . 
  just go find it there !, 
  er , the national cycling centre is still based in manchester using the velodrome built for the 2002 commonwealth games . 
  that is n't to say that the pringles is n't being used . 
  i 'm sure it is . 
  just that british cycling is based in manchester, 
  i think it was proposed in all fairness , but dave brailsford was n't really in favour as the terrain of the . 
  northwest is more suited to training for road cycling . 
  the pringles will host things like revolution and the uci track cycling world cahmpionships in 2016 and will also host a cycling club , so it will be pretty well used . 
  if you live near manchester or london , definitely go to some track cycling .
