  we never really used it up my way , but then we have a dialect which is messed up enough . 
  i recalled seeing something on the bbc , i want to say ross kemp on gangs , the one where he was in liverpool , and it showed someone speaking it flawlessly . 
  said something about it being developed in the docks to prevent espionage from foreigners . 
  of course i could be totally wrong so do n't quote me on that . 
  i scrolled all the way through this post to find this . 
  thank you !, 
  i doubted you thinking `` no way ! '', 
  but you are totally right . 
  a very good til . 
  [ here is the laws of the game from the fifa . 
  the rule you are explaining appears on page 38 . 
  ] ( http://ar.fifa.com/mm/document/affederation/generic/81/42/36/lawsofthegame_2011_12e.pdf ), 
  i guess it makes sense , as the opportunity could occur where you need to concede a goal . 
  an empty bottle of beer . 
  i have one chance . 
  one chance , then i must peg it . 
   one veteran ( whose name i forget , i 'm sorry to say -- i do n't have my notes on me just at the moment ), 
  you do n't have your notes with you ? 
  i must say you wrote the incredibly well with excellent details and that you did it all without notes makes it all the more better . 
  '' - i shall show you how a prussian officer fights, 
  - and i shall show you where the iron crosses grow . '', 
  john steel probs got something then . 
  you are lucky for even knowing this story . 
  i 'm sure there are a thousand people who wish they could ask their grand fathers stories for a similar stories but fate would have it otherwise . 
  my irish grandfather never fought and my french grandfather was captured in 1940 ( his brother was killed ) . 
  my french pipi died a few months before i was born . 
  i do n't envy your grandfather 's experience , he is a greater man that i , but i envy your chance to hear such a story . 
  as the french say `` chapeau . '', 
  you would want him in a zombie apocalypse , but also you would n't . 
  he survives for him , you are but a pawn . 
  also , upvote for getting the reference !, 
  a beautiful book . 
  arguably my favourite of all time and also a great book for non-native english speakers to begin to get their teeth into english literature . 
  excellent suggestion . 
  british or american version ? 
  traditionally the americian version lacks the last chapter ( twenty-first ) but i do not know if this is true today . 
  it is a broad thing to ask i admit . 
  he is working in the games part of theme park , so shoot at things , throw hoops at things etc. 
  i highly doubt he is being a dick ( from what i know of him , he may surprise me yet !, 
  i hope not though ) , i think the accent might be an issue as him , my dad ( the irish of the family ) and myself do have as issue with mumbling , but how much of an issue to think do you think this could be ? 
  he has had service sector jobs before ( waiting on tables mainly ) , do you think i should tell him to really make sure he is being clear in his pronuncitatioan and elocution ? 
  it could very well be the case . 
  it 's hard to know the specifics to be fair and it may very well just be a matter of '' sorry mate , you 're just not what we want '' , i 'm just hoping i can give him some pointers in the hope they might make him a better worker . 
  i reckon an american theme park vs small town country pub in england might be too much a step up for him . 
  i appreciate you taking the time the reply though . 
  thank was brilliant , thank you . 
  that in itself is good advice : be as helpful as possible . 
  i think that might be on the issues : he is n't the most talkative chap , so maybe getting him to talk more when its relevent to being helpful to the job . 
  good advice , thank you . 
  it 's highly possible , i admit . 
  knowing my brother he might just be confused . 
  it 's good to know that there is not much of a cultural thing . 
  if he is confused , would it be best if he just asks his supervisor how to improve himself ? 
  not irish accent , but we share a thick northern england accent . 
  i 'll tell him to make sure he is as clear as possible and that he should practice his elocutution and the like . 
  obviously , i ca n't speak on behalf of my brother on this one as i do not know how his is behalving over there , but you give sound advice regardless . 
  he 's never been one to be `` up himself '' but i think not, 
   get [ ting ] mad at locals when they ask what is most likely an innocent question , even if it 's insulting . 
  is sound advice and i 'll pass that on . 
  thank you . 
  obviously , i ca n't speak on behalf of my brother on this one as i do not know how his is behalving over there , but you give sound advice regardless . 
  he 's never been one to be `` up himself '' but i think not, 
   get [ ting ] mad at locals when they ask what is most likely an innocent question , even if it 's insulting . 
  is sound advice and i 'll pass that on . 
  thank you . 
   it was n't like i was trying to shove anything down their throats, 
  well i should hope not !, 
  haha , really enjoyed this response , thank you for taking the time to reply . 
  however , i doubt the truth in it due to your username , 
  incidently , my brother 's name is cormac . 
  that 's a good tip . 
  i 'll pass it on , especially the smile part , he isnt known for it to be fair . 
  thank you for responding . 
  so i 'm guessing you 're an anglophone who is non-english ? 
  kind of like a kiwi should n't get annoyed if someone says they are an aussie : it is an honest mistake ? 
  it truely is . 
  i hold no grudge against your for doing so !, 
  even tonight i got burned by an aussie ( i swore she was english ! ) . 
  a mate handled it perfect :, 
  - you 're from the commonwealth !, 
  where abouts ? 
  i 'm using it from now on too . 
  it 's beats my :, 
  `` where are you from down under ? '', 
  simply because it incapsulates so many more countries . 
  agreed , i 'm tall , get sodding used to it . 
  having a ` fro is a choice and can be dealt with quickly , being tall is just how we are . 
  whenever someone asks me `` can you slouch down ? '', 
  i say `` no , sorry , i can not : it is uncomfortable and wish to enjoy this show/sporting event etc. '', 
  thankfully i live in holland and every one is bloody massive anyone ( i 'm 6 ' 4 '' if you 're interest ), 
  really did n't use it in the correct context , but i had a few !, 
  anyway , the expression ` chapeau ' means ' i take my hat off to you ' , so you use it when you are highly impressed with someone . 
  i used it wrong here . 
  where was your grandmother at the time ? 
  i am going to amalgamate answers :, 
  car - parce que ( unless answering a `` why '' question ), 
  char - car ( but only in quebec ), 
  car - general french for coach/bus . 
  altighty baloo explains it best . 
  i ca n't think of anything witty to say except this is totaly awesome !!,
