  not really . 
  they played three group matches and failed to qualify . 
  sounds like what france and italy did . 
  / u/mc-diablo how did you season it ? 
  well not yet . 
  you could get thrashed in your last two games as spain destroy australia . 
  well . 
  til !, 
  thanks . 
  curse that war . 
  they were . 
  but i used the conditional . 
  i was just saying that the usa still have the potential to do worse than spain . 
  australia have done well in this world cup and could have beaten chile . 
  sounds lush . 
  what you gon na have it with ? 
  rice ? 
  is it this next euros 24 teams qualify ? 
  hope so !, 
  would be great to see them play in france !, 
  nonsense . 
  italy would never do such a thing . 
  disagree . 
  a few matches have been awful but most have been fine . 
  we just do n't notice when it is done well . 
  and the netherlands . 
  i saw a 0-0 draw at ewood park park once against newcastle for my birthday where the highlight was kevin davies missing a penalty ... 
  still think algeria was worse !, 
  * sips wine *, 
  i ca n't be certain , but existing citizens will probably get a choice . 
  i said i was n't certain !, 
  my reasoning is that they currently have uk ones . 
  obviously they would have to be phased out some how . 
  also they were born in the uk and as such would still have the right to citizenship . 
  maybe scotland will say no dual nationality . 
  like i said i 'm not certain . 
  last country to invade switzerland was france under napoleon so ... not really . 
  especially if you read about the lion of luzern . 
  if that 's a red the world has gone mad . 
  eyes on the ball the whole time . 
  i could understand a yellow but it was totally unintentional . 
  players do it all the time . 
  exhibit a robben v spain . 
  he was playing the ball . 
  does n't mean it 's a red . 
  anyway since we wo n't agree , enjoy the game !, 
  in normal time i assume ? 
  he assisted the second goal . 
  aside from that . 
  yeah . 
  he was behind giroud and the ball when it was played therefore not offside, 
  france embarking upon a reign of terror, 
  same stadium too, 
  quarter finals, 
  no they accumulate until quarter finals then are reset, 
  used to be after group but they changed it so that players wo n't miss the final due to yellows, 
  should n't have blown , but once he did there is no way you can award it . 
  what happened ? 
  we 're ranked ahead of iran and south korea and this is a huge achievement . 
  is that suppose to say iraq ? 
  iran have been solid in this match so far . 
  well organised . 
  impressive . 
  wound be na\u00efve for you to attack openly and leave yourselves open . 
  that has never worked for a match like this . 
  look at costa rica v brazil in 2002 . 
  holy shit . 
  a corner . 
  never a penalty . 
  not ever . 
  i personally do n't think so but you see them given . 
  if it was at the other end it probably would be . 
  everyone saying it 's a clear pen a replay underlines the crucial point : the referee does n't have a multi angle slow motion replay . 
  the technical , football term is '' ` ave it ! '', 
  you still have more points than spain and england !, 
  can not unsee, 
  why are they doing that ? 
  a particularly hazardous one ? 
  one streaker did n't equal bad security . 
  should n't have got through though . 
  why do they scare you so much ? 
  i assume because then ghana would have zero points and the usa would have three . 
  in the last round the usa dont really want to be needing points against germany . 
  this is all based on standings but this world cup is so full of surprises who knows what is good !, 
  beat portugal and the usa are good, 
  you should n't be so worried . 
  ive seen loads of pitch invasions . 
  of course player security is paramount but that bloke was just happy . 
  i saw one where half the crowd came on the pitch and the players quickly ran off . 
  the world is n't that bad a place . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of a player get hurt from a streaker . 
  have seen a player take one out though . 
  let 's always have it in brazil !, 
  although that is more of an inspirational novella . 
  there was a player on cm 96/97 who had my uncommon first name . 
  i always signed him . 
  guy was shit and had the worst temper . 
  constant reds . 
  as a kid i had a terrible temper so i saw a lot of myself in him . 
  and he was awful .
