  could still be 22 people on the pitch if the ref has no idea !, 
  my brothers and i all applied for 4 tickets each to france v ireland but all of us were unsuccessful . 
  we secured the 8 tickets we wanted to ireland v canada though . 
  in fact we got 8 each so that means we have 16 too many . 
  50ct in belgium !, 
  my brother 's so lives in munster . 
  sometimes he comes to see me ( i live in nl ) , or i go see him . 
  his so makes me bring plenty of vla . 
  lots of even . 
  i got ruined on mushrooms once in a'dam . 
  did n't do anything stupid , but it was a bad trip . 
  the guy said do n't mix with other drugs or alcohol . 
  `` why not ? '', 
  we ask . 
  `` oh it just heightens the effect , '' he replies . 
  awesome !, 
  not awesome . 
  should have researched as you say . 
  i think a lot of kids who dream to be a footballer and do n't make could take a lot of inspiration from michael hazeldine who was dropped from wigan at the age of 19 . 
  [ he is now a doctor . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/sport/0/football/28950665 ) he said that he was always aware he might need a back-up plan so he studied to get his gcses and he got three as at a-level ( better than me !, 
  damn him ) . 
  wigan offered him this chance to attend 6th form college once a week . 
  good on him for taking it . 
  afaik the fa cup only uses glt at wembley , i.e. 
  during the semi-finals and final . 
  i would love to to say we will . 
  well , at least we have a chance !, 
  in theory . 
  but with barrow afc 's texan sugar daddy they may become the first cumbrian pl side . 
  i think it was in 2004-2005 season when preston north end played west ham in the play-off final that if pne had won , it would have put liverpool in the southern half of clubs in the pl !, 
  30 minutes to do one . 
  saw a bit on tv years ago of an 11 y/o who applied for the wolves job because he was good at fifa manager . 
  they regretfully informed him he was lacking in experience . 
  but next year you get to come to carlisle , so you have that going for you , which is nice . 
  slightly related : at uni i ran the french society one year and there was a french cafe in town . 
  i asked if we could have our fortnightly meet there ( it was n't big so i wanted to reserve ) . 
  owner said sure but with 200 $ deposit as a previous uni society did the same , stayed for 2 hours and drank four cups of tea between 8 of them . 
  i thanked the owner for her time and we went our ways . 
  understandable . 
  nah , put on the classical music station and be transported to the 18th century . 
  went a nice pub that was larger than the cafe and they us complimentary finger food . 
  most people had a couple of pints . 
  if you like cop shows try flikken maastricht . 
  be prepared for a big party during the vierdagsen ( a four day walk with soldiers and public partaking along with a party . ), 
  if you play netball , you could try korfball . 
  i hear it 's very similar . 
  did some google fu for you because i was also curious !, 
  its called zaalhockey and the season runs from december to february . 
  there could be other sites out there , just the first one i found . 
  also this site could be useful for getting started in the city http://english.nijmegen.nl, 
  purple rhymes with ` hirple ' and ` curple ' . 
  hirple means to hobble along , a sort of mix between a walk and a crawl . 
  a curple is the strap that goes under the tail of a horse , which is then attached to the saddle to stop riders slipping forwards . 
  qi series a episode 5 . 
  michel thomas method . 
  can not recommend this enough : it 's audio and requires no writing or memorising , but you do remember very easily . 
  you could torrent it , or buy it , your call . 
  i use it and i listen to it on the bus to and from work . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  turns out there is a michel thomas app too !, 
  read in the times once an assessment of how four different cities can handle snow and their breaking points :, 
  moscow : no known breaking point . 
  army of workers clear the snow and , according to the article , they bascially have a jet engine on a truck to melt the snow . 
  new york : about 25 feet of snow . 
  taxi drivers driver pretty insanely . 
  stockholm : about five feet of snow , but being an archipelego it does n't get a ton of snow . 
  london : light dusting . 
  i will just add that i am paraphrasing and that the numbers i used are not acurate and are for representation purposes . 
  very true , very true . 
  but the london generally gets at least a bit of snowfall every year , so you think it could handle the small amount !, 
  obvious an abnormal amount would bring the city to a stand-still , that 's why stockholm would struggle with five feet , because it usually has about 1-2 feet . 
  edit : [ source for swedish snowfall ] ( http://www.smhi.se/klimatdata/meteorologi/sno/snodjup_2009_2010 ) ( in swedish ), 
  remember december 2009 ? 
  i got stuck in the channel tunnel due to snow just before xmas !, 
  but in 2010 my mates spent xmas in the airport !, 
  it is a remnant of a discarded sentence . 
  in a shocking annoucement today , truro born saudi billionaire has purchased real madrid . 
  in what he claims will be his one and only press conference he stated his intention to move the spanish champions to the south-west of england saying : `` i am sick of hearing about chelsea this and manchester that . 
  cornwall needs a proper team . '', 
  just on the smoking : roll your own ? 
  otherwise , i knew a guy at uni who bought his fags from a polish bloke on the cheap . 
  edit : just to clarify , i do n't recommend the latter . 
  you 're right . 
  i edited my post . 
  well i got shouted at for standing on one once . 
  not doing anything daft . 
  just standing there . 
  but i agree with you . 
  i went the patagonia this year . 
  they tell you not to flush paper because their sanitation could n't take it . 
  toilets stank . 
  cheaper probably . 
  [ the price at the pump for norwegians is incredibly high . 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ep.pmp.sgas.cd ), 
  during the 1998 world cup , moyes drove around france watching matches and scouting on his own . 
  however , he had little funds and slept in his car most nights ( he only took only pne in january 1998 , so they were still in the old division two at the time ( current league one ) ) . 
  i think a man with that much dedication would definitely have seen his fair share of la liga matches !, 
  edit : [ bbc article about it ] ( http://www.bbc.com/sport/0/football/23495797 ), 
  there is a daily mail article too .
