  when it comes to cjd , you can not give blood if a member of your immediate has suffered from cjd . 
  i believe the stigma over gay men giving blood is being lifted as donations are rigorously tested for hiv and hepatitis b and c. 
  which is the right side !, 
  i know , i was referencing what prostitutes say in movies like blood diamond . 
  this is what i do n't understand though : if i carried cjd , surely i would have showed signs of it now ? 
  on top of this , would n't the uk have issues with blood donation ? 
  they only prohibit if close family members had vcjd . 
  but would i not exhibit symptoms if i was infected ? 
  btw , this is n't just nl . 
  i was turned down in ireland too for the same reason . 
  yeah , i figured it would not be possible . 
  i got turned away in ireland too . 
  in the uk you can donate unless you have a close family member with cjd . 
  also with anal sex , since 2011 if you have had anal sex in the last 12 months you can not ( in the uk i mean ) . 
  exactly . 
  til the difference between vcjd and cjd !, 
  you would have to check , but probably not as , from what i read , it can be transmitted from the parent to the child during gestation . 
  no idea what my blood type is !, 
  kings have been killed by boars, 
  this is not popular but actually they are considered part of europe . 
  although in kazakhstan 's case , only part of it . 
  that part is still big though . 
  i know many people have differing views on this and we had a nice debate over in / r/europe . 
  pointless accepted kazakhstan as an answer on european countries and there is a map in my office that includes azerbaijan and part of kazakhstan as europe so uefa have n't pulled this out of their arse . 
  i think kazakhstan could play in afc . 
  i think it used to but switched . 
  iirc the problem for the netherlands was that fifa pretty much want to control the coutnry during the wc . 
  they are strict on sponsorship and they want to be able to drive around the country easily . 
  the dutch pretty much said that they will not close motorways for fifa execs ( traffics jams are so common that they do n't even report them on the news unless they are over a certain km . 
  something like 8km ) . 
  you also have the issue of none fifa sponsors being near stadiums ( a no-no for fifa ) . 
  so dutch fastfood chains like febo and smullers inside the one mile stadium radius would have to cover up their names . 
  same goes to the bar selling bavaria outside the philips stadion etc etc. 
  and alexander buttner . 
  that was a weird one too in my mind . 
  but i do n't have a dog ... 
  the arnhem fans were very surprised !, 
  my friends dad went running on chernobyl weekend ( north west england ) . 
  it was raining , but he went anyway . 
  years later he died of ( i think ) leukaemia . 
  his doctor thinks , but ca n't prove , that it was caused by that rain . 
  the rain turned out to be radioactive fallout . 
  i found it interesting that bradley wiggins in london 2012 said `` if it is n't gold , then what 's the point ? '', 
  the next day rebecca adlington got a bronze and hit out at people saying that was n't good enough by saying that getting any medal in the olympics is a damn fine achievement . 
  is n't that how puskas played for honv\u00e9d ? 
  the army drafted him so that he could play for that club ? 
  do not convert in schiphol, 
  i hope you saw this in time but converting cash at the airport is * terrible * as you get the worst rates there . 
  as i understand it you want to convert eur to usd . 
  would you not just exchange the cash in the us ? 
  i feel like you may get a better rate into usd over there than over here . 
  but , in any case , do not convert at the airport . 
  if you can , i would add trying to sell some good beers there too because that is very popular these days . 
  and by beer i mean special beers . 
  get some good american micro-brew stuff that is packed with flavour . 
  anchor steam beer being an example of what i mean . 
  if you could have a menu of your beers and recommend what burger it could go with . 
  san francisco anchor steam beer, 
  crisp and easy to drink . 
  perfectly pairs up with all our burgers *, 
  * straight from the canals of amsterdam , this ipa is full of flavour . 
  perfectly compliments our gorgonzola god burger *, 
  some are already sold over here , but i hear what your saying . 
  ultimately depends what you 're going for . 
  but a small place focusing on just selling amazing burgers sounds great . 
  do n't you guys play in the italian leagues ? 
  carlisle 's are about the same from league one to league two , if that helps . 
  barnsley 's appear to have dropped by 2000 . 
  bi and proud , eh ? 
  good on ya !, 
  i had the chance to go there in march . 
  the choice was to go on my own as my so refused . 
  as i had just arrived in ba and argentina ... 
  i did n't go . 
  bison grass vodka plus apple juice . 
  tastes like cinnamon apple pie . 
  even in the uk that sort of meter is meter . 
  that said , that is brilliant . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  edit : spelling . 
  yes , irony . 
  not a chance since russia ( uefa ) has 2018 . 
  it would go to usa or australia i think . 
  there is no denying that , but that statistic does need some prefacing . 
  the usa is huge and has plenty of large stadia . 
  let us compare to two other world cups . 
  i have arbitrarily picked spain 1982 and germany 2006 . 
  in 1982 spain had 4 over 60,000 , but of ther 17 stadia used , most were around 30-40 ,000 . 
  germany 2006 had 12 stadia , of which 3 were over 60,000 . but half of the stadia were circa 45,000 . 
  compare to usa , that used 9 stadia , ** seven ** of which were over 60,000 and the other two were over 50,000 !, 
  so , no denying that it had the highest attendance and i am certain the usa would put on a damn good world cup , but having a large population with already massive stadia does help to have the highest attendance . 
  regarding 2022 , if it is taken away from qatar , i think it 's between usa and australia , with usa having the edge . 
  go to deventer . 
  that 's where they filmed the bridge for the movie as arnhem had changed too much . 
  in fairness , there were less teams and more stadiums than we have now . 
  these days there is a minimum and i think it 's 40k . 
  i got some from we , but i have never been too impressed . 
  esprit is where i usually get mine and if they are having a sale , tommy hilfiger 's are good ( $ 50 ), 
  i recall saf saying that he had told nani to stop doing flips as a celebration because if nani got injured , he would have been furious . 
  if they went down that route , i would say [ keeley hawes ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0369954/?ref_=tt_cl_t2 ),
