  bargain . 
  i live near a town called kleve . 
  took me forever to bloody realise it 's cleves . 
  now i actually know where anne of cleves was from !, 
  they do n't care in terms of rivalry , but they do care about a match v england in terms of the fact that england is a big match . 
  like when england play spain . 
  big game , but not a rivalry . 
  my source for this is : studied in maastricht and have german friends who have said as much . 
  women 's soccer was banned from using fa grounds and pitches from 1921-1971 by the fa . 
  you make it sound like it was against the law for women to play football . 
  check out michel thomas dutch . 
  you can torrent it if you want . 
  obviously you should buy it . 
  it 's available in the app store for apple . 
  i have just seen this but since you did n't get some important information :, 
  in march/april there will be an opporunity for everyone who has tickets to resell them via uefa at face value , anyone can buy these . 
  i am assuming it will be done at random draw to purchase them . 
  example . 
  i applied for many tickets in the june/july 2015 window . 
  let 's say i get tickets to all 8 matches . 
  one match is scotland v poland in bordeaux . 
  i do n't really want to go to that game , so i sell my tickets on the uefa resale platform . 
  i spent 200 $ , i sell them for 200 $ . 
  hope that makes sense . 
  poor sod . 
  that 's just annoying !, 
  jeans and a t-shirt mate , you 'll be fine . 
  source : me at science-po strasbourg when i did not dress well at all . 
  ok serious answer . 
  mfa uniform will be fine . 
  that 's fantastic . 
  huh , i always thought he said '' car hold '' . 
  the basement stairs , in homer the beer baron at least , are through the door at the end of the vestibule beside the staircase . 
  this is not shown here . 
  tough question for smaller clubs because their best players will get snapped up and they are always difficult to replace . 
  arguably , however , i would wager [ jimmy mcconnell ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jimmy_mcconnell ) for carlisle united . 
  played for them 1928-1932 and he is * still * carlisle 's record goal scorer . 
  i think it counts . 
  we were once losing heavily and our keeper just walked off the pitch leaving us with 10 men and no subs . 
  we lost by a lot more . 
  i collectively with 5 mates applied for over 3000 $ worth of tickets . 
  we got 4 . 
  a3 v a4 in lens . 
  happy enough , although 2 of us wo n't get in the stadium . 
  officially , under the terms of your contract , no . 
  tickets can only be transferred to another person via the ticket resale platform ( open in march/april ) as tickets are for your personal use with guest ( s ) and are personalised for you to attend with guest ( s ) . 
  potentially you could asked to show id with your ticket at the stadium . 
  amazing !, 
  thank you for that . 
  love that he replied to the tweet . 
  i realise now that my title is a bit misleading as it also covers if you were successful . 
  oh well , ca n't change it now . 
  he 's from northern ireland , not wales . 
  not that it takes away from your story . 
  i think they have done the draw , but they have n't informed everyone yet . 
  so if you have heard , that 's it . 
  you mean you have 24 tickets for six games for the euros next year ? 
   ** i have tickets i do n't want/can ' t use **, 
   you can sell on the tickets to fans through the ticket resale portal in march/april at face value . 
  oh you made 5 delicious curries ? 
  what a shame they all taste of coriander and shit . 
  the only link i can make between the democratic republic of congo and ireland is the [ congo crisis when the irish army were part of a un peace keeping operation there . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_jadotville ), 
  however , something tells me that is not the reason ... 
  edit : so credit to / u/cilldaraabu for the [ source on this ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/gaa-staple-oneills-branches-out-with-kit-for-congo-307500.html ) but it turns out the democratic republic of congo football liaison officer has been living in dublin for the last 15 years . 
  love cl\u00e9o !, 
  one of my all time favourites . 
  want to add ones i have n't seen in this thread . 
  my quebecois choices have been said :, 
  517eme section - war in indochina, 
  l'atalante - old but not mentioned, 
  la belle et la b\u00eate - 1946 version . 
  la grande illusion, 
  dracula created a perpetuate mist to follow his boat so that it blocked the sun when he travelled to whitby . 
  i love grant . 
  i would watch the shit out of the movie . 
  and then probably resent it later . 
  you can drink in the stadium . 
  you just ca n't be in sight of the pitch . 
  i 've drunk a beer at half time inside a stadium . 
  could n't see the pitch though . 
  it is . 
  i was at a hamburg match in march . 
  had a few beers . 
  people just walked around with the beers so you did n't have to leave your seat . 
  only about 4 $ too . 
  big group of english lads near us in that game . 
  they were totally smashed . 
  and they got kicked out . 
  only place i 've ever give bare foot is perth , wa . 
  just felt right there . 
  my dad lived in belfast for a while in the late 70s/early 80s . 
  car was nicked . 
  police found it and called him at the hospital where he worked . 
  ` we found your car , but it has no wheels ', 
  ` great !, 
  no bother about the wheels , i 'll borrow some spares from the ambulance crew . 
  where is it ? ', 
  ` top of falls road ', 
  so why does the oxford english dictionary state that ` whom ' is archaic ?
