  in total , it did make a profit ( $ 370m ) , but it was poorly reviewed . 
  [ source for takings and budget ] ( http://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?id=goldencompass.htm ), 
  personally , i think why it did so badly was because they tried to make it like lotr : the opening of lotr is talking about the rings and the one ring . 
  the opening of the golden compass talks about the alethiometer and its power . 
  and also , they bottled it and made the film quite different to the book . 
  before the film , i had little hopes for it being good once i heard that chris weitz was directing and rewrote the screenplay . 
  i 've liked a few of his movies , but they were comedies ( american pie ) , so i did n't expect him to be able to deal with the central theme of the book well . 
  maybe they 'll remake it , with a more appropriate directors/writer . 
  and maybe philip pullman will get more of a say . 
  as much as i like daniel craig , [ i agree with pullman that jason isaacs would have been ideal for lord asriel ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0385752/trivia?item=tr0792036 ), 
  hasta ? 
  where y' afta ? 
  anyway , best garn , t ` ol fella wants to have a gander atta ky. 
  `` have you '', 
  hang on ... the canadian one . 
  as i understand it , pearson got the un to send canadian peace keeping troops into the suez ( the first un peacekeepers ) , but aswan was insistant upon the canadian troops not showing any british insignia , so they used a maple leaf . 
  when pearson became pm , he raised the debate of a new canadian flag . 
  maybe the above was part of the debate ? 
  anyhoo , my step-mum remembers voting for the change of flag . 
  she voted for one that had three maple leafs on it . 
  edit : the her ` vote ' could have just been in school because was just a kid at the time , as/u/ixions3 has pointed out there was no popular vote . 
  fair enough . 
  she was just a kid , so it might have just been something her class/school did . 
  i used to work in an embassy that had a bar ... 
  what 's a threepeat ? 
  winning three consecutive titles ? 
  i miss league one . 
  i still have n't gotten out of the habit of looking up our fixtures in league one before remembering where we are . 
  and then i am sad . 
  on the other side of things ... potential cumbrian derby next year !, 
  `` tuppence a cup ? '', 
  `` no , thank you . '', 
  i replied . 
  the old lady selling tea walked off . 
  i turned up the collar on my jacket ; plunged my hands deep in to my coat pocket ; and huddled my shoulders as i sat on the steps outside st paul 's . 
  it was freezing and beginning to lightly drizzle on this wintery eve . 
  i wondered if it might snow , but doubted it would . 
  it would n't , settle anyway , with the rain . 
  i watched the tea lady repeat her question to some tourists taking selfies further along the steps . 
  did she ever sell any tea ? 
  now would be the time to sell tea , in this cold . 
  but who would buy it ? 
  there was a starbucks down the road . 
  she was a small lady , slouching slightly . 
  she walked slowly with her cloth covered basket , which i presumed contained a flask and paper cups . 
  milk ? 
  who knows . 
  i hoped so , although it would depend on the tea . 
  `` tuppance a cup ? '', 
  she asked a man hurrying past . 
  he gave no answer in his haste . 
  a curious thing , i thought , to sell tea on the steps of st paul 's . 
  maybe outside buckingham palace , or just inside the park ? 
  here was a little off . 
  i checked my watch . 
  five minutes to go . 
  why did i agree to meet on the steps ? 
  somewhere warm would have sufficed . 
  like that starbucks down the street . 
  i could be warm with a cup of tea . 
  i saw a small boy walk up to the old lady , with a formally dressed man and young girl in tow . 
  `` here 's some money for a cup ! '', 
  i heard him proudly say . 
  the woman 's face lit up . 
  she lifted up her cloth and pulled out a flask and a cup . 
  she carefully poured the steaming liquid and then handed it over to the boy , both with large smiles on their faces . 
  `` tea is balm for the soul , young man , '' she told him , before turning away . 
  the boy sipped his drink and smiled to himself before walking back to the man , who was now looking impatient , and the girl who seemed as happy as the boy , despite having no tea . 
  a curious thing , i thought when i saw acquaintance approaching from afar and rose to meet them . 
  that reminds me of a guy who walked up to me as i was buying a drink in the pub and said `` if i have your name tatooed on my arse , you 'll buy me a pint . '', 
  i politely declined , and he said the same to the barwoman/owner , who also said no . 
  seeing that no one was going to bite , he pulled down his pants anyway to show that he did indeed have `` your name '' tatooed on his arse . 
  and the netherlands and ireland . 
  and soon also :, 
  norway, 
  another with france, 
  iceland, 
  source : http://www2.nationalgrid.com/about-us/european-business-development/interconnectors/, 
  glad i 'm not the only one !, 
  i had the same comment said to me once , albeit in a different context . 
  it 's a troll . 
  just ignore it . 
  delivery . 
  i recently stayed at the ibis in gloucester . 
  for a stag . 
  it was a ruse to confuse the stag . 
  had a curry . 
  i actually thought we were going to worcester , but thankfully someone corrected me before i booked my train . 
  and that 's my gloucester story . 
  good luck tomorrow !, 
  but that moment when you try to replace the ouzo with water and it turns white . 
  in the netherlands you can get a travel card that you can use on all forms of public transport , train , tram , bus . 
  maybe even boats in amsterdam . 
  check in . 
  check out . 
  automatic top up from my bank account . 
  works across the entire country . 
  it 's great . 
  also have a business one , so i never have to claim business travel in nl in expenses as it 's billed back straight away . 
  anyone can fly , if they sit on the back of an eagle .
