  would this also explain why in france i 've been told a pedestrian is never at fault ? 
  a pedestrian steps out between parked cars and a moped hits them the moped is liable because they chose to take the moped ? 
  the fuck should i know ? 
  sport1 charge 3,99 to stream a match . 
  just one match at a time . 
  i used it at uni in maastricht few years ago . 
  was great . 
  4 of us . 
  1 euro each . 
  few beers . 
  whoops . 
  misread someones post . 
  my bad, 
  what on earth is dutch style ? 
  i live in nl and i have no idea what that is . 
  really small rocks !, 
  agreed . 
  that was great . 
  i read them in order of release . 
  but if you just want to focus on one group , eg the guards , follow this guide . 
  it says could . 
  that means not definite . 
  so probably go ahead nl and a good chance of moving ahead of england . 
  ** hungarian . 
  hungary is the name of the country . 
  dus de overheid is de civil service ? 
  perfectly normal . 
  they are in the fielding position known as ` slip ' . 
  the captain can place his fielders however he pleases , usually based upon how the batter plays ( left/right handed being a good example ) . 
  in this case the captain wanted a lot of slips . 
  here is a map of cricket fielding positions , you can see the slips clearly https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/be/cricketfieldingpositions.jpg, 
  5 minutes late to the stadium and i miss the only goal so far . 
  good things are happening . 
  thought i had wasted 16.50 $, 
  best thing about this match so far has been the saints fans singing . 
  and people ask me why i do n't go to vitesse matches . 
  seeing pelle in the flesh for the first time and i have to say he is huge . 
  stood to leave . 
  turn my back . 
  missed second goall . 
  god i know . 
  saw the replay . 
  tidy finish, 
  * acne kid *, 
  and remember , keep watching the [ skies ] ( http://www.taketours.com/images/logo/25232.jpg ) !, 
  er ... i mean [ skies ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/01/1c/5f/69/blue-skies.jpg ) !, 
  what ?!, 
  i get 40 days , not including public holidays such as easter monday and christmas . 
  live in the netherlands . 
  the card is just so bloody convenient !, 
  i even have automatic top up from my account so it always has credit . 
  it 's great !, 
  and if i travel for work ? 
  well i have a business version . 
  brilliant . 
  i 'm sure there are negatives , but they are fantastically convenient . 
  do n't forget [ andy hessenthaler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andy_hessenthaler ) !, 
  we did ? 
  did n't realise he was player-manager . 
  i was going to call you a liar but then i saw rooney is only 29 !, 
  i had the blue and white man utd away shirt when i was about 6 so 1994 ? 
  everyone made fun of me for it and said i was wearing pyjamas . 
  should be ok . 
  ah , yes . 
  i was wondering if that was the case , but i could n't think who !, 
  went to my first vitesse match last night after living in the city for over three years . 
  it was a rubbish match of football . 
  unless you are saints fan then , they got the the job done , so far credit to them !, 
  still , some positives : saw pelle `` the sexy beast '' . 
  never knew he was so massive . 
  i had great seats that were n't expensive . 
  and i made a dutch woman feel silly after she told me in english that i was in the wrong section : i politely explained in dutch that as i am from the north , i do not support southampton and as a dutch resident i was cheering on vitesse . 
  work in the netherlands . 
  officially i get 20 state mandated holidays ( i do n't actually know what the official legal minimum is in nl ) , but my company does 38 hour a week contracts , but everyone works at least 40 . those two hours work out to about 20 days , which you can take as leave , or you can pay out . 
  there is also an option to buy more days , i think . 
  i know ( i learnt this while googling for images ) but it would have been written skies in the teleprompter ( assuming acne kid was ` reading ' from one ) . 
  i was surprised to see britain mentioned in the title in relation to vietnam . 
  why would we have gotten involved ? 
  having studied both french and british decolonisation , but mainly british , i have never heard the british mention in the context of vietnam . 
  i could be wrong , of course , but i 'm fairly confident it was never an option , especially with our own battles , as you say . 
  i came here to find crunchy nut cornflakes but yours is the closest and sounds worse !, 
  cinnamon grahams sound quite nice , however . 
  lego has nothing on a british plug . 
  i find this is mainly a problem when i am in hotels and the socket is so close to the ground/desk that you ca n't plug in without fucking up the cable . 
  it 's company policy to lock your laptop if you are not behind it . 
  in my office , if you leave your computer and it 's unlocked , someone will send out and email , from the unlocked compute , saying that person will bring in cake the next day . 
  it 's win win . 
  the unlocked computer owner does n't get in shit , and everyone else gets cake !, 
  go on facebook and search maastricht room . 
  a few groups there . 
  also info uk maastricht university have loads of info for uk students . 
  nice people too . 
  rooms in maastricht are tough to find so do n't delay !, 
  i blame shakespeare . 
  i thought there was an l, 
  iirc fifa do n't allow cross border leagues . 
  or at least are against the idea . 
  historically , wales was administratively part of england so i think why an exception is made for three ( ? ), 
  welsh clubs , but why a benelux league ( for example ) had never gotten off the ground . 
  or make russia part of us !,
