  does n't have to be fancy :, 
  melon, 
  veau saut\u00e9 with some potatoes, 
  cheese, 
  yoghurt and coffee . 
  at the end you 're as full as we would be after the one dish . 
  compare that to the anglophone world where we would just have the one large main course ( usually , exceptions of course , like christmas . ), 
  yeah , i do n't get the cinema bit . 
  i never noticed it myself . 
  i 'll check next time !, 
  in my experience , the fact that you do n't speak fluent french technically should n't be an issue . 
  the trouble is that an employer will pick the candidate that does speak french fluently , or is french . 
  they will weed you out through your cv, 
  a little tip my friend gave me that worked for me . 
  when you send your cv ( i 'll assume its in french ) get a native to check it over . 
  also , do not write under languages that you know french . 
  do n't mention it at all . 
  write all the others : english , maltese and whatever else , but not french . 
  it will be implied that you speak french from the fact that your cv is in french . 
  this will give you a greater chance of getting an interview , and then your level can be tested in person , 
  edit : spelling . 
  says another beer until there is only one left . 
  this is false : you can open another bottle of beer with an empty one . 
  naturally , you need to have some level . 
  it worked for me . 
  before i did it , no one gave me the time of day . 
  after i did it , i got an interview almost straight away . 
  turned up , was interviewed , they said `` so you 're not a native french speaker ? '', 
  `` no , i am not , but i can speak it . 
  of course i am not fluent , but i do not believe it would stop me doing my job well . '', 
  i got the job . 
  it 's just a way of leveling the playing field . 
  it 's a question only op can answer !, 
   i do n't speak near enough french to get a job is sales, 
  i took this to mean he has some , but not sufficient level for business . 
  it would be up to him to determine if his level of french would be suitable for the job . 
  otherwise , yeah , it would be a waste of everyone 's time . 
  and the dick van dyck award goes to ... 
  i was about to say , or limburg , but then i remembered we have sprinters too . 
  yes , they are very similar . 
  sorry , but why would ns use the db logo ? 
  i know you see a lot of db in nl but that is for freight trains . 
  source please . 
  edit : or the intercity/sleeper trains operated by db on dutch lines . 
  they are still db trains though , that happen to run on dutch tracks . 
  my original point is that db logos and ns logos are totally different , therefore to show that to get them confused is a little foolish . 
  as for db trains on dutch lines , well db handles most of the freight that operates in the netherlands , but , of course , they do not stop at mainline stops ( most likely they are on their way to the port of rotterdam ) and thus only speed by with the db logo on them . 
  passenger ice trains with db generally go from amsterdam to germany , so if you 're not on that line , you probably will not see them . 
  i can show you a source , but you are avoiding my request for a source over how the db logo is also the ns logo . 
  ok , you posted something and it popped up on my res and i replied to that . 
  something along the lines of `` you do realise that is also the ns symbol '' . 
  you must have then edited it , because i did n't see that you had said :, 
   eventhough the first logo does n't load i know they look nothing alike . 
  however , i think he just mixed up the names of the railroad companies, 
  i totally accept this , but i was trolling as i do not see how the logos look alike . 
  the ns and the national rail logo look alike , but i do n't see the similarity between ns and db . 
  i understand how one could be confused by a simple mix-up and it can happen to anyone . 
  this works brilliantly with que veux tu ( madeon remix ) by yelle . 
  i am not linked to her in anyway , i just happened to be listening to it at the time . 
  i 'll probably just swear my tits off . 
  til there is a vacuum cleaner called charles . 
  i thought there was only henry and daisy . 
  on zis german klavier , perhaps . 
  aber on ein qwerty klavier it iz not zo zimple , ja !, 
  the vasa is epic . 
  not just in impressiveness , but also in fail . 
  fail as in calculation fail . 
  17th century swedish history , especially gustav adolphus ii has to be some of my favourite history . 
  on top of this i think you could say that hungary was also `` off the map '' from 1526 until 1867 when it became an equal partner in the empire . 
  obviously not as long as croatia , but i came here to argue the case for hungary and this seemed an appropriate place to put it . 
  edit : dates . 
  wales . 
  my argument for this is that it became part of england in the 13th century and still it is not an independent country , but its language is still very much alive . 
  i recognise that not the entire country speaks it , but it was oppressed for centuries , so for the language to still exist is pretty impressive . 
  haha no kidding !, 
  me and my girlfriend did the exact same thing . 
  absolutely brilliant movie . 
  have you seen tangled ever after ? 
  the animation short to go with . 
  if not , check it out . 
  right now . 
  do it . 
  so that 's where i 've been going wrong . 
  just pitched this to my boss at warner bros. 
  he loved it . 
  ok , not really , but when you have something this golden you do n't put it on fb for someone to steal !, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsahxqoynde&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=111s ), 
  personally , i loved the scenes with the bowler hat guy , but the rest of it was a bit ` meh ' . 
  it 's no coincidence : when the bbc were making the 1st season of the new series ( you know , with eccleston as the doctor ) they code-named it torchwood as a title ruse so that it would be kept under wraps and not leaked . 
  [ sauce ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torchwood#early_development ), 
  technically coins from isle of man and channel islands are illegal in the uk . 
  that being said , you can take them to the bank and be all like `` change these for me bank clerk person ! '', 
  and they would all like `` k '', 
  have you every experienced someone speaking backslang ? 
  it works on the same principles as pig-latin except instead of - ay its just - a. 
  apparently they use it a lot in liverpool and other port towns . 
  listening to someone use that willynilly makes my brian hurt . 
  this is a brilliant list , thank you . 
  i must say though , as soon as you said `` niche '' and `` unique '' i instantly thought of [ sex panther . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikispuc2jck&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=57s ),
