  that 'll do it !, 
  mate , between 18 and 23 i let myself go . 
  got my shit together and started eating better . 
  lost the first 5kg pretty quickly doing that . 
  the next 5 took more discipline so took a lot longer . 
  but i 'm here , 10kg lighter and concentrating much more in the gym now . 
  you 'll get there !, 
  last week i complained about getting taken out by a co-worker in a kick-about and getting the most painful dead-leg i 've ever had . 
  i was worried about not being able to play rugby on sunday . 
  i figured i would rock up anyway as i was on the bench . 
  if i got on , i would see how it went . 
  well , the opposition turned up with 11 men , so i played for them for half a game at number 8 ( i 'm usually lock ) for the first time . 
  i 've had so much fun !, 
  almost scored too , but got tackled on the line , but my ruck resulted in a try . 
  second half i switched back to my team . 
  we won 85-5 and i did n't score and my leg still hurt , but fuck it . 
  had fun . 
  went to a party once . 
  was a bit drunk . 
  lay down the in grass . 
  there was something on the grass . 
  i lay down in dogshit . 
  good on you !, 
  takes a lot of will-power that . 
  yes it is : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_countries, 
  two options : with the rugby team at the irish pub , or at my local where guinness is cheaper . 
  ca n't decide !, 
  my dutch co worker here in the netherlands signed a petition to reinstate him, 
  i am not sure what you mean . 
  my point was to show that top gear is popular internationally, 
  ca n't say i do . 
  from uk, 
  sorry , just it 's an every day part of my job . 
  but its '' force majeure '', 
  ulverston , cumbria : the honey pot . 
  i did n't sign anything, 
  one thing i love about suit supply is if a button comes off ( caught on something ) or a belt loop rips off ( my fault ) i can take it back into the store and they will fix it there and then for no charge !, 
  love suit supply . 
  the store in arnhem , netherlands ( since others are plugging theirs ) have great staff !, 
  from op elsewhere in the thread :, 
  what !, 
  they fixed this poor guy , cost them $ 10,000 but a breeding stallion needs his junk, 
  do n't know how to link from bacon reader, 
  no idea . 
  i assume op means repaired but what do i know !, 
  what did napoleon say to his men before they got on the boat ? 
  `` get on the boat '', 
  what did the gold fish say when it swam into a wall ? 
  `` dam '', 
  what do they call postman pat since he retired ? 
  bbc 's 7 wonders of the industrial world . 
  covers the construction of the brooklyn bridge , the london sewers , the bell rock lighthouse , the hoover dam , the panama canal , the ss great eastern , and the pacific railroad . 
  origins ? 
  no idea , but [ there does exist a tartan for every irish county and many of the names ] ( http://www.scotchcorner.com/tartan-irish-index.html ), 
  also , there are names in ireland , like murray , that are a scottish clan . 
  i 'm live in the netherlands . 
  i would totally have gone , but i 'm attending a 6 nations match . 
  edit : it is to be played at the netherlands rugby centre . 
  good fun that place . 
  reasonable beer prices . 
  you 're a terrible terrible person . 
  would you say a homage is too strong ? 
  a nod of the head , maybe ? 
  he was supposed to stutter , but samuel l used to have a lisp . 
  that 's why he started acting , to help overcome it . 
  i wonder what / u/noawaygoalaet thinks ? 
  i could play for :, 
  ireland, 
  france, 
  honestly ? 
  if i wanted to win something , i would pick france . 
  but i would probably pick ireland for their fans . 
  euro 96 was great . 
  england world cup would be too . 
  winning a tournament , yes , but, 
  2002 - final ( ok , more through good defense and klose 's head , not to the youth policy ), 
  2004 - group, 
  2006 - semi-final, 
  2008 - final, 
  2010 - semi final, 
  2012 - semi final, 
  2014 - winners, 
  by german standards , 14 years before the youth policy won something . 
  but by english standards , if after 6 years they reached a semi-final of a world cup then 2 years later the final of a euro cup that would be fantastic . 
  blue tits , usually . 
  or my dad , if he beats them to it . 
  [ penis on a hill ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/britpics/comments/1h70xm/sir_john_barrow_monument_ulverston/ ), 
  also craven . 
  i 'll stick with cumbria , thankyouverymuch, 
  i agree . 
  germany 's ` problem ' started after 1998 with that defeat to croatia . 
  i believe a lot of players retired ( klinsman , bierhoff etc ) so when 2000 came about , the dfb realised there was someone wrong and sought to change it . 
  england 's situation is much worse : did n't qualify for 1994 world cup or euro 2008 . 
  it 's been a long-term problem . 
  rhymes with gone . 
  other wise the joke does n't work, 
  i 'm english and i ca n't say adrenaline . 
  it 's so far so good . 
  enjoying it, 
  i went to the salt mines in krakow , poland and they were immense and awesome , in the full sense of the word .
