  how to get from the shift to the ride, 
  the third one was never published as all the professors and deans wrote a collective letter threatening to shut down the paper . 
  it led to an overhaul of the editors as the articles were pretty crass . 
  it was an irish uni , incidentally , hence the odd titles . 
  edit : shift - snog/make out with . 
  `` he shifted her last night . '', 
  - he snogged her last night . 
  ride - shag, 
  how to get the shift - how to get a snog, 
  how to get from the shift to the ride - how to get from snogging her to shagging her . 
  edited . 
  pretty sure he got bitten . 
  you can see him holding his fingers later . 
  you were the first !, 
  can i add to that ? 
  lake tanganyika is so called because a native was asked what it was called . 
  in that language tanganyika means lake . 
  so it literally means lake lake because of a misunderstanding . 
  toronto maple leafs . 
  have n't won a championship in decades and famous completely capitulated recently ( last year ? ), 
  in the playoffs . 
  i 'll tell you what is annoying about it , although i am in no way having a go at you :, 
  set up my laptop at a house party and use spotify with a playlist for all the music . 
  simple . 
  people want to play a song ? 
  sure , add it to the playlist !, 
  and move it up if they want . 
  inevitably , someone will go onto youtube , play a song , then everyone realises 5 minutes later there is no music playing !, 
  there is something beautiful the dutch do that i have recently noticed . 
  it is fabulous and amazing . 
  on a pedestrian street everyone * walks on the right-hand side * . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  in the uk its just everyone walks anywhere and you have to dodge in and out , or bludgeon your way through . 
  in the netherlands you walk on the right !, 
  need to get to the shop on the left ? 
  just walk through , that 's fine . 
  ah but when it 's not busy it does n't matter . 
  but when it is busy and you use the invisible lanes it is * glorious *, 
  not just rent controlled . 
  it belongs to monica and ross ' aunt ( or was that grandmother ? ) . 
  either way , cheap . 
  my mates dad is in it !, 
  plays a dutch civilian . 
  when we went to france we would mix sirop with milk . 
  as a kid that stuff was amazing . 
  you could buy something similar in a carton called candy up , but just mixing it yourself was divine . 
  we would do it with all the flavours . 
  but then , one fateful day , i did it with mint . 
  i have not mixed sirop with milk since then . 
  it was ruined for me . 
  and i think i have just had an epithany as to the day my childhood ended . 
  shit . 
  i think , in england you can get married from the age of 16 with parental consent and in scotland you can get married from 16 without it ( this is why in pride and prejudice mr wickham elopes to gretna with lydia . 
  it 's just across the border . 
  i digress ), 
  op is hoping to take the `` surinder singh '' to allow his wife into the uk http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-23029195, 
  also / u/angryexpat13 , its 3 months in another eu country , not 6 months as your lawyer said . 
  but then , i 'm going off a bbc article . 
  still , you should get this verified . 
  edited out false info . 
  see below . 
  well , he was pulling everything he said out of his arse so i think you can forgive him for that . 
  i think he should try ireland !, 
  at least chelsea is worse . 
  the blues . 
  i want carlisle to become the cumbrian mountains . 
  we always face an uphill struggle . 
  thank you for the correction . 
  much appreciated . 
  my dad worked at a brewery . 
  his job was to deliver beer to the workers throughout the day . 
  they got two per day officially , but no one was counting . 
  he maintains the best beer he has ever had was the one he had as he walked into work at 8am after having cycled ten miles in the early morning heat ( it was in germany in the seventies and that summer was particularly hot . ), 
  i did n't believe you , but it appears you are right . 
  it 's the back door of gpo . 
  or carbon as they renamed it to . 
  at least that 's what it was called when i left galway in 2010 . 
  google maps is no use : picture is from 2009 . 
  a smaller plate helps : makes it seem like you have a lot of food . 
  jesus , that is genius . 
  thank you !, 
  of i 'm early i 'm wasting my time . 
  if i 'm late i 'm wasting their time . 
  that said , there are times when you do n't want to be early . 
  party or interview ( well not too early ) . 
  but cinema or train or interview : do n't be late !, 
  i live in holland . 
  today is not a holiday . 
  although all my english colleague s get the day off . 
  dutch contract so no holiday . 
  not particularly bothered . 
  ahh , this happened to me once except in the netherlands . 
  train cancelled . 
  got to the airport just too late . 
  missed my flight . 
  whose fault was it ? 
  ns ( dutch trains ) ? 
  they cancelled the flight afterall, 
  the airport ? 
  i could see people still boarding my flight !,
