  he has clearly been told to try and keep it a contest . 
  et then pen, 
  never heard that but i 'll take you 're word for it . 
  it was a very hard match to ref though . 
  that 's not silver . 
  silver was like two mini 15 minute games . 
  for scale, 
  it 's been a very entertaining match !, 
  it cant get to penalties . 
  the ref wo n't give them . 
  full time multi ball !, 
  flood the pitch with balls . 
  team that scores most after 1 mins wins, 
  should be . 
  never gets called, 
  i wanted to be certain that fifa has n't changed the rules so i looked it up . 
  what be to did was pretty much the text book examples in the rules on goalkeeper infringement . 
  ridiculous . 
  according to * red dwarf * he ends up in prison and the east coast gets nuked . 
  in fairness to the article on beer ( except for the heineken bit ) it does say that there are some excellent craft beers and i quite like the beer from ' t ij . 
  some of the dutch breweries make excellent beer ( looking at you emelisse ) and gulpener and brand are pretty good too . 
  i have a similar feeling . 
  not sure what it is ... 
  true , true . 
  certainly , not as great a tradition as belgium and germany . 
  and you really do have to go to a slagerij that sells special beers , and even then you struggle to find the dutch ones . 
  getting better though !, 
  that 's good at least . 
  still , my favourite go to tasty beer is brand up . 
  could n't make it to the game and now the team i wanted to win wo n't be in the world cup !, 
  well everton did make it to the 3rd round knockout a while back and op said that they consider the qualifiers to be cl . 
  tiny club now , but racing club de strasbourg are one of only a handful of french clubs to have won every honour in france . 
  they have certainly never been in the champions league . 
  they are currently flirting with relegation in the national . 
  i do n't think you can buy them . 
  they are n't even available on the german rugby federation 's shop : http://www.drv-shop.de/, 
  the burger is from [ lunchertaria de mert in arnhem ] ( http://frietrestaurant.nl/ ) for anyone interested . 
  the winner was a burger from the bijenkorf in de haag, 
  in de foto is het een dubble . 
  you can squash it down and then you can eat it quite easily . 
  gets a little messy . 
  of all the things i have learnt on reddit the only thing i can think i use often is :, 
  [ how to peel a banana ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbjv56wudng ) . 
  you pinch the bottom and peel . 
  who knew !, 
  tore my ankle ligaments on the third day . 
  that was fun . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  for those who want to watch the match is on :, 
  fox sports 2 ( nl ), 
  bt sport 2 ( uk ), 
  for other nations please see [ here ] ( http://www.livesoccertv.com/match/1147852/borussia-dortmund-vs-bayern-m-nchen/ ), 
   why the fuck did ze germans bother targeting hull ? 
  because they followed the coast and when then got the humber they would fly inland to go across . 
  a lot of bombers just dropped their bombs on hull either because they did n't want to fly inland or they could n't find their targets for whatever reason so just dropped them to not go home with a full payload . 
  well , not quite . 
  but that is a common misconception . 
  english was actually * discovered * in germany by a man called john milton on a farm just outside trier in the west of germany . 
  once he realised what he had he brought in front of king richard iii in 1485 who thought it was a damn fine thing and ordered everyone to speak to it . 
   one of my greatest regrets is that we literally walked right by the louvre because we were a little tired and did n't feel like it, 
  i have almost done this sometimes . 
  but i have always managed to stop and say to myself `` but when will i be here again ? '', 
  then i will do it , knowing i will regret if a do n't !, 
  climbing a mountain, 
  i 'm glad you asked !, 
  they spoke a range of language depending on the region . 
  in the west country they spoke cornish , for example and the nobility all spoke french . 
  i made up all of my first post . 
   fur-licking, 
  love it . 
  i have nothing to do with the restaurant . 
  it 's just a damn good burger . 
  that 's why i did n't put the name of the place in the title and only put it up when asked !, 
  i could see why it could come across as marketing . 
  i know the chef but he does n't own the place . 
  he is just one of three chefs . 
  yeah 8 of them must be home grown, 
  oh groups are the worst for that . 
  one half agrees . 
  the other half does n't . 
  you end up doing nothing . 
  i try to be decisive in those moments . 
  does n't always work of course , 
  and thanks !, 
  well that was embarrassing . 
  i 'm english !, 
  hey i have a good one that you can change the time zone on . 
  i can send you the link in monday . 
  it 's on my work lap top . 
  pm me so i will remember !, 
  found it !, 
  download option a. 
  its excel but you can change the time zone and it 's prints of well in a3 ( the big one ) the others are good in a4 i think . 
  i got this one . 
  option a. i like it http://smartcoder247.wordpress.com/tag/world-cup-wall-chart-excel-2014/, 
  i have this !, 
  yes !, 
  edit : is very good and i 'm very happy with it . 
  cheap . 
  strict .
