  also , it 's hd, 
  we do . 
  it 's called scouse, 
  liverpool, 
  for what it is : a mass marketed beer that you see everywhere , it is fine . 
  crisp and refreshing . 
  i preferred to similar i 've had it england or holland . 
  that said , compared to the other beers argentina has to offer , yes it is poor . 
  so is the dutch . 
  replay shows two instances : post and no goal . 
  fine . 
  then hits keeper and goal . 
  commentators do n't seem to understand this . 
  comment ? 
  i 'm half . 
  will that do ? 
  ball was heading away from goal then hit the keeper and went in . 
  that is an own goal . 
  if you watch the replay of france 's second goal you see the referee gives a goal almost instantly . 
  he does n't wait until the real confirms it as he already knows . 
  you are totally right . 
  i was n't clear but it 's what i meant . 
  saved . 
  i 'll hold you to this luctor !, 
  welsh commentator was n't happy with him for not singing the anthem, 
  `` he should sing the anthem . '', 
  `` i think you can forgive him now '', 
  `` not sure i would . 
  you should sing the anthem . '', 
  for reference , in the uk we criticise those that do n't sing . 
  dunno about the us . 
  operation bomb the crap out of your house, 
  - family guy . 
  freedom threw up on the designer 's paper . 
  it 's ok . 
  there is only one stat that counts . 
  support football and hope for a good game . 
  yup, 
  been great for az alkmaar this season, 
  it 's how geoff hurst got to play in the final of 1966 !, 
  that 's a broken nose, 
  can you play on if just had your nose broken ? 
  i know you have those cages . 
  it did n't look malicious . 
  i mean he was n't trying to kick him in the face . 
  i 've been knocked out by unintentional knees . 
  just unlucky . 
  not book able . 
  i 'm loving his brutal honesty . 
  it 's refreshing . 
  like the aussies the other day !, 
  robbie savage . 
  39 caps for wales . 
  still more interesting than phil neville !, 
  if a professional footballer ca n't handle a substitution because their coach is changing the game plan they have no business being professional footballers . 
  because it 's belgium v algeria . 
  many countries do this . 
  they have the shirt for that match . 
  i should explain it better . 
  you get two shirts per match and they put the flags of the nations playing on it . 
  haha . 
  yeah there are exceptions . 
  part of anthem . 
  fifa has a time limit that is n't long enough for the anthem, 
  what are they shooting when the keepers kick it ? 
  but why ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  ok thanks . 
  i thought that 's what they said but i could n't figure out why . 
  cos last time they won was in 2002 ? 
  what 's he saying ? 
  44 years really . 
  i mean england were still world champions in 1970 . 
  but , yeah 48 years since we won . 
  44 years of hurt . 
  yup , he conceded 3 goals . 
  two against brazil and one against ireland . 
  honestly think ireland could have made it to the semi finals that year if they had beaten spain on penalties . 
  free-kick specialist and then he goes and cocks up against spain !, 
  why did n't keane take it ?!, 
  i support carlisle and i love ian harte , but seriously ca n't understand that . 
  i need a source for this so i can follow it !, 
  how about a la brazil ? 
  hey !, 
  we 're not that bad !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ anymore, 
  still a small minority sadly . 
  hard to beat that . 
  i mean they did n't score a goal !, 
  not even brazil were that bad in 1966, 
  yes, 
  brazil ( 1966 ) . 
  did n't see original comment . 
  did it say recent ? 
  otherwise disregard this . 
  itt : no one seems to know that brazil were the first world cup holders to be knocked out in the group stages ( 1966 ), 
  edit : til italy in 1950 were the first . 
  yes and italy four years ago . 
  but people have only mentioned those two . 
  hence why i said they forgot brazil,
