yeah , because the countries with low prices are so much better off than those with high prices :p, 
  that 's a great idea, 
  would be lying if i said i was n't a bit surprised . 
  but yeah , probably a dane . 
  have to watch out for that awkward ball-touch though . 
  thanks, 
  china 's way of doing things can be borderline slavery as well though . 
  spain frozen in ice somewhere, 
  too early to be asking such deep questions . 
  going to portugal because they 're not at war with anyone ? 
  i think a lot of countries fall under that category though . 
  this map is offensive to us northern countries, 
  me and the group of people i watched this with was crying of laughter thanks to this guy . 
  he was having the time of his fucking life . 
  glorious, 
  rofl , is he being awkward for the jokes of it ? 
  spent the day in frogner actually . 
  most beautiful part of oslo so far !, 
  blame the stupid swedes, 
  fresh memes right here, 
  i study here in oslo , and this place sucks . 
  every other place in norway is so much more beautiful and charming . 
  it 's practical though , so there 's that . 
  but yeah , we like to complain . 
  damn . 
  is kazakhstan a part of europe ? 
  what , why . 
  poor lithuanians, 
  best at being the 8th best . 
  glad norway is on the top , with also the most ambitious goal , cause we need it . 
  a lot of responsibility to take for this whole oil thing . 
  to be fair , most people would n't have an impression with a lot of these countries if it were n't for hetalia, 
  i 'm still not sure if you guys are serious, 
  what is this , gta cheat codes ? 
  shhh . 
  do n't let them know, 
  also no edgy teenagers to use said guns for killing me when i study at school . 
  oh yeah that name just rolls on the tongue, 
  no , but i do n't think that 's what a world language means . 
  simply the most spoken language , and the language that is being learned the most as a second language . 
  it 's also the most practical language by far . 
   if english turns into a worlds language what . 
  i 've been taught since i was little that it * was * . 
  come on luxembourg , what the hell . 
  at least give us a chance, 
  i mean ... 
  i guess we have fjords ... :(, 
  itt : everything except norway . 
  man , are we really lacking impact that much ? 
  do n't dead open inside, 
  yes , this is accurate, 
   america truly lost their already slipping position of moral leader of the west tonight . 
  this must 've been slipping for a long time, 
  haha yea , this is why i hate that europe country, 
  i mean you find stations for this literally allover in norway . 
  if you want to go to some country where they do n't have these stations it 'll be a bother i guess . 
  why is that one girl just openly showing off her panties ? 
  i 'm one of those . 
  i really want everyone to get along and shit . 
  i just want people to act like decent human beings . 
  i 'm starting to see that perhaps it 's not unreasonable to accept that maybe some cultures just do not go well together ? 
  at least not in bigger groups where they keep their culture completely and isolate themselves from the other people in the country . 
  man , i really do n't want to be against immigration ... 
  i mean , you have a big ass us flag in the middle of the entire thing . 
  but my point is that the iron curtain is very much real and there is a clear , distinct border where the ideologies of its people crash . 
  polls , surveys and other social experiments tend to pretty much always show just how different the western part of europe is compared to the eastern . 
  when you split something in two , you either get `` western/eastern '' or `` northern/southern '' . 
  bringing in `` central '' when it really does n't provide any additional category other than geographic location makes no sense , because `` western/eastern europe '' are terms that are mainly used to show a difference in lifestyles , culture and ideologies , not geography . 
  i never quite understood why this bothers people . 
  are you ashamed to be part of what is known as `` eastern europe '' ? 
  `` eastern europe '' is usually just a way to refer to balkan countries anyway , and being `` central europe '' does n't really make you much less balkan . 
   super stylish to be honest , tracksuits have to be as far away from `` style '' as you can possible get . 
  came here to masturbate to this . 
  i feel like in pretty much every statistic i just come to the comments to masturbate to how well we 're doing, 
  yea right , i 'm gon na get sunburnt anyway . 
  the world ? 
  swedes are n't even the best swedes in scandinavia . 
  norway has the good swedes . 
  the best swedes . 
  we know swedes . 
  sweden does n't . 
  sad !, 
  ah yea , that 's finland . 
  weird country it is . 
  as long as you do n't speak , maybe, 
  well , it 's not just the us . 
  i 'd say most first world countries use jogging as an exercise , but i get what you mean . 
   also , if you start jogging in some smaller town , people may think you are not sane or someone is chasing you . 
  what . 
  the only thing sweden is good at is excuses : , 
  you 're both cute, 
  i rarely ever hear poles complain about poland . 
  maybe they 're better integrated over there or something i do n't know, 
  mostly just because the younger generations are more likely to come out as gay , and have n't yet been forced into the job and family stuff yet . 
  will probably become more normal as time goes . 
  did you just compare ireland to poland ? 
  that 's quite a stretch, 
  mods themselves are pollution , so it seems natural, 
  love me some clarkson and some clarkson political standpoints, 
  ai akch\u00e5ly rilly leik dis nju inglisj,
