  i would n't take an 8 year-old there , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  lmao what a load of shit . 
  did he think we forgot about libya ? 
  say what you will about ghaddafi but he was no terrorist . 
  they had no right to kill the leader of a sovereign country . 
  i ca n't be the only one who 's surprised there were 8 year-olds there , can i ? 
  arianna grande literately sings about getting fucked so hard she ca n't walk properly . 
  who takes their kid to a concert like that ? 
  live and let die . 
  rip roger . 
  you do n't get to tell me what i do and do not get to have an opinion on . 
  the money was given to the imf specifically for greece and even if sweden had n't given them a penny in this case - sweden is a net contributor to the eu . 
  the next time you 're thinking about trump or anything that does n't relate directly to italy , will you take your own advice ? 
  fair enough , but we used to be denmark proper . 
  i 'm 1.5 hrs away from copenhagen but almost 6hrs away from stockholm . 
  check out who gave the imf money to give to greece . 
  yeah and it 's all illegal . 
  your point is moot . 
  there were many reasons . 
  i do n't think anyone saw the eu going the way it is going , or at least not this fast , back then . 
  we were even promised that no expansion to the east was on the horizon . 
  but yes , i do view us as fundamentally different . 
  i do feel european , but i feel scandinavian much more than european . 
  identity is a set of concentric circles where it becomes weaker the further you move from the center . 
  of course i 'm gon na feel a closer kinship with a norwegian than i am with a bulgarian . 
  it 's pretty obvious . 
  i 'm from the part of sweden that used to belong to denmark and i wish we would have remained a part of denmark . 
  people are n't anti-eu , but when given the opportunity to vote about things like the eu constitution the peoples of europe have shut the attempts down every time . 
  i feel the same way , i think the eu could be good but i do n't like the political union . 
  unfortunately the people who are in charge are delusional so it will never work and hence i would vote to leave . 
  yup , exacly the same . 
  probably not but i 've gotten to the point where i do n't care anymore . 
  how is religion in bosnia nowadays ? 
  from what my yugoslav friends tell me it sounds like the vast majority of bosnians do n't really take it seriously , they drink alcohol etc. 
  are you having the same kinds of issues with islamism that we 're having with middle eastern immigrants in western europe ? 
  my ex girlfriend was from bosnia , albeit this was about 15 years ago but neither her nor her family ever talked about religion . 
  we managed just fine long before we joined the eu and we will manage just fine long after the eu is abolished . 
  ummm yes we are . 
  quite a significant amount despite the fact that we 're not in the emu . 
  not at the level of china . 
  if you 're seriously suggesting that western europeans are enslaving romanians you 're out of your mind . 
  you 're probably a marxist anyway so we 're never gon na see eye to eye on anything . 
  my god !, 
  how dare i not agree with your liberal worldview ?!, 
  i must be working for the kremlin !, 
  complete and utter nonsense . 
  northern and western europe are some of the richest and most productive areas of the world . 
  we could sign trade deals or just trade under wto rules with ease . 
  in addition you 'd have no massive disruptive migration between countries because the standard of living is so similar . 
  this idea that you need to be in a political union to trade with other countries is asinine , where else in the world is it a prerequisite ? 
  do n't i know it , i 'm an automation engineer , i literately get rid of manual labor jobs for a living . 
  it still does n't justify screwing over our own people so that somebody in bulgaria can have a job . 
  i have more loyalty and sympathy for my own people than i do for bulgarians . 
  not at the level of china . 
  eastern european economies are booming and the standard of living is rising fast . 
  well , yes . 
  objectively there is . 
  every single time they let the people vote about more integration the result it no . 
  the polls clearly do not favor more federalism . 
  easy to say if that 's not your job moving . 
  which seems to counter intuitive to me . 
  there is a clear majority in europe who want less integration - but somehow the eurocrats have decided that a push for more integration is the sensible solution . 
  either way , it was already in the cards - they were just trying to be sneaky about it just like they were with the lissabon treaty . 
  well to be fair the kind of economic policy that china is following comes a massive cost to the individual . 
  they are basically going through what the west did during the industrial revolution . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's because of bulgaria or if it 's because of the chinese pulling themselves out of poverty . 
  but yes - the eu has really only benefited a small click of elites . 
  the working class in western europe has been decimated and wages are falling . 
  i 'm not gon na lie - i loved my life there . 
  i lived very comfortably , much more so than i was used to from growing up in scandinavia . 
  sure i had less vacation days and i worked longer hours but i actually liked my job so i did n't mind . 
  i feel exactly the same way . 
  i spent half a decade studying to become an engineer and i do n't make much more than somebody who 's a welder . 
  factoring in the work they do on the black market , and that they have 5 years of work on their backs by the time i got out of university - they have more material wealth than me . 
  or at least would have if i had n't worked in the us previously . 
  sadly , all the research actually shows that people 's self reported happiness level increases linearly with how much money they make . 
  i sure as hell was happy with driving around in a sweet car , living in a big house of the sort that barely even exist in scandinavia . 
  but i 've always hated our mentality up here , i do n't know if you have the same thing in denmark but we have the `` jantelagen '' in sweden and i feel suffocated by it . 
  at this point i just want swexit . 
  i do n't even care anymore . 
  and the workers in western countries lose their jobs as the factories move to cheap labor eastern countries . 
  this is exactly why expanding the eu to the south and east was a shitty idea . 
  after decades of communism you just are n't ready for it yet . 
  they do n't even give a shit . 
  they just wan na expand . 
  they 're talking about letting in countries from the mother fucking caucasus now . 
  yeah because it 's literately that simple . 
  any idiot can see it but the eurocrats refuse to admit defeat because it would mean admitting that they are expanding way too fucking fast for their own good . 
  the eu would have been completely integrated and functioning if it consisted of northern and western europe alone . 
  of course they are n't - but they know how to squeeze money out of resources . 
  the greek government does n't . 
  privatization would behoove everyone . 
  it would mean jobs , tax revenue and maybe even some flow of capital and know-how into the country . 
  right now any greek with half a brain cell and more than 100 euros left the country already because frankly , why would anyone stay ? 
  this shit will most likely end with greece sinking to the economic level of morocco . 
  with all the smart people dispersed to the rest of europe the future of greece looks like it will be nothing more than a place where northern europeans go to fornicate and get drunk from may to september . 
  if the eu is a common market and i am gon na start a company . 
  why in the ever loving hell would i ever pick greece over germany ? 
  greece is like a little kid boxing against tyson in his prime . 
  just bend over the ropes and drop your pants if you wan na stay in the emu .
