  corruption is like your national sport . 
  hardly surprising with all the sanctions . 
  but it 's not good for the nordic countries either , our farmers are basically going bankrupt since we ca n't sell to russia . 
  i know finland is in even deeper shit . 
  well they ca n't do a worse job than the corrupt greek government . 
  privatization is probably exactly what they need . 
  send some germans down there to structure them . 
  meanwhile i had private insurance in the us and when i got a flare i got to see a specialist the very next day and was put on the most recent innovative drugs . 
  in sweden i had to wait two months , got put on a drug that has been around since 1950 and get paid 1/7th of what i got in the us . 
  yeah . 
  not worth it . 
  completely untrue . 
  source : lived in tx for 6 years . 
  yup same here but sweden . 
  i lived and worked in the us for a decade - my income after taxes without my bonus was also 4 times higher . 
  with the bonus on a good year it was almost 7 times higher . 
  in the us i could afford to own a porsche , have my own house with a pool and 4 bedrooms ... 
  in sweden i drive a shitty volvo and live in an apartment . 
  that 's not even true - eu business law is pretty streamlined . 
  there are some differences is anti-trust and stuff like that but it does n't hamper expansion . 
  in my experience the language barrier has been the biggest issue . 
  even dealing with giant companies like bosch or bmw you sometimes run into some upper-middle manger who somehow managed to get that far with completely shitty english . 
  god i fucking hate sap . 
  i feel like it was programmed by some 14 year old indians in a coding sweatshop . 
  so true . 
  when i lived in california i met some people who had started and failed up to three times before they made it . 
  that would be unspeakable in sweden . 
  lol you wish . 
  everyone can name like 10 big silicon valley companies on the fly . 
  jesus christ just amputate them already . 
  greece should never have been accepted into the emu . 
  they knew it , the eu knew it , everyone knew it . 
  the eu was being wilfully misled because they have such a boner for expanding . 
  the eu wants hungary to be cultural marxist . 
  hungarians do n't want hungary to be cultural marxist . 
  orban is a fucking european hero . 
  merkel 's solution : open borders . 
  i remember when people laughed at farage when he said this was gon na happen . 
  whatever you think of it - he was right . 
  ca n't be much worse than france , can it ? 
  trump is great . 
  wish we had someone like him instead of these open border pussies . 
  kinda like southern europeans with their laziness and corruption . 
  let me guess : gypsies ? 
  how do you know , you do n't know who 's feeding the intelligence ? 
  at any rate , i do n't doubt that russia is in fact trying to influence policy within the eu . 
  i 'd be more surprised if they were n't . 
  america is doing the same thing . 
  china is probably trying to influence their neighbors too . 
  business as usual . 
  my only contention is that i think that they were in the right to react to the situations in the way that they did . 
  the eu does . 
  because your country has no vested interests anywhere ? 
  nonsense . 
  you say that anyone who disagrees with you is a victim of russian propaganda . 
  i can just as easily say that everything that you say is eu propaganda and we will get nowhere . 
  my opinions are my own , and i have my reasons for why i hold them . 
  i 'm perfectly capable of my own free through - that does n't mean that i will reach the same conclusion as you . 
  again , what is your solution to russia . 
  say you 're right about everything . 
  do we try to invade them and just assume that they wo n't use their nukes ? 
  if you were n't the one who down voted - my apologies . 
  i do n't mind the votes other than the fact that it makes it hard to post because i have to wait a long time between posting . 
   you want to define capitalism as broadly or narrowly as it suits you in the moment . 
  you got to understand that it has been around for 500 years . 
  and while yes , the alternatives we came up with , mainly state controlled planned economies were even worse ( tho china seems to be doing well with their modern take on that as the hybrid mix of state capitalism ) , capitalism has been fucking us in the posterior for half a century . 
  i have not even attempted to define capitalism as far as i can see . 
  could you please point me to where i tried to define it and where i moved the goal posts ? 
  as far as china goes - they are pulling millions of people out of poverty every year but it is certainly coming at a massive cost . 
  it is rather interesting really to see the differences in western industrialization and the chinese equivalent . 
  chinese culture extremely conformist and collectivist , i 've had many interesting discussion with a french friend of mine who lived in china for many years regarding this . 
   it made colonialism work . 
  it made dickens ' world work , jack london 's one , emile zola 's one . 
  it makes bangladeshi children die of preventable diseases making our adidas brand clothes . 
  it makes congolese children die by guerrilla fire and rape , mining for rare earth elements * used in our smart phones in zaire . 
  it repeals health care in america . 
  these are all the faults of the same system . 
  indeed , many of these things are a tragic result of global trade . 
  i would n't go as far as to call colonialism a result of free market capitalism since it required state sponsored military might to conquer and subdue new lands . 
  it seems as though you 're under the impression that i think that there should be no regulations at all , which i have never said . 
  you seem to be blaming all of the evils of the world on capitalism , seems rather naive to me . 
  the communist managed to kill tens of millions with their central planning - it 's not so much a result of capitalism itself as it is of bad actors . 
  bad actors will exist in any system , the good thing about the capitalist system is that they are n't all-powerful . 
  the effects on automation on all this will be very interesting to observe in the coming years . 
   do n't get me wrong , that 's the only thing we got that works atm and it is the actual greatest failing of the fucking human race that outside bona fide social democracies with centuries worth of wealth backing them up where they can afford to temper it with well-implemented social liberalism ( ie scandinavia , switzerland , benelux , canada ) it 's mostly letting people die or get anally violated in a metaphorical sense . 
  i would n't see it as a failure . 
  you could only judge it as failure if your reference frame is some kind of utopia . 
  considering where we come from even the system that we have today is a wonderful achievement . 
  for the vast majority of human history most people 's lives have been utter shit . 
  it has been a struggle to survive day in and day out . 
  starvation was the norm , not the exception . 
  we have a long way to go , but we 've certainly made it far . 
  i do n't know about switzerland or the other countries but scandinavia does not have centuries of wealth . 
  sweden was a very poor , peripheral region of europe until very recent history , only post ww2 did sweden become a wealthy country . 
  i do n't really like the social democratic system , but i suppose that is just a matter of opinion . 
  i worked in a so-called `` right of employment '' state in the us where the employer could fire you very easily - it worked fine for me and my employer . 
  i 'm not a fan of high taxes and massive government intervention in the economy . 
  you can either choose to be civil and we can have a friendly debate , or you can be rude and talk to yourself . 
  down voting my posts because you do n't agree with me ideologically is childish . 
  what goalposts did i move ?
