so essentially it 's a lie that was created to counter the `` lazy greek '' stereotype ? 
  bigger political alliances are n't necessarily better . 
  you have to remember that it adds levels of bureaucracy and in europe it adds very different cultures and peoples . 
  oh sweden stopped being a country and went over to being a joke over a decade ago . 
  of course you should be prepared . 
  but i do not approve of these constant military exercises right on the russian border . 
  relax , i was being facetious  . 
  but yes , there is something to be said about the level of feminization of a society where not even deserting in the defense of the realm carries capital punishment . 
  part of the reason why you got so steam rolled by the nazis was because of the complete focus on `` the poor soldiers who died during ww1 '' . 
  yeah , you need some of that , but you also need the masculine energy where patriotism and death in the defense of the nation is venerated . 
  there needs to be a balance between the two . 
  unfortunately western europe is completely feminized as evidenced by the complete apathy to all the terrorist attacks . 
  never trust the french to do anything right . 
  who said anything about civilians ? 
  i was talking about the nato pact where the military would be called in to defend another country - that would mean people in the military . 
  i 'm pretty sure the death penalty still applies for deserting in wartime in most countries . 
  yeah but if you 're in the military you lose the right to say no too . 
  well then you should be well aware of the fact that laws are essentially useless without somebody to enforce them , and might makes right - no matter how much we may hate it . 
  otherwise we 'd just say all war and killing is illegal and be done with it . 
  unfortunately reality does not conform to our wishes and so we must conform to reality . 
  in love and war all things are legal  . 
  i do n't know . 
  most likely you 'd get court-martialed and executed for refusing to serve . 
  yeah i can relate to that . 
  facts are facts . 
  the greeks saw themselves as separate , different and even superior to their neighbors . 
  but that was n't my point . 
  i agree with you in everything that you said - which is why i 'm against joining nato . 
  what i 'm saying is that once you 're in , you 're in . 
  you lose the option to say no . 
  cancer is n't even particularly deadly anymore . 
  people freak out about it way more than they should . 
  odds are he would have access to good health care , he 's not super old . 
  cancer would hardly be a death sentence . 
  nonsense . 
  this is the cultural marxist point of view of history that is being pushed in public education all over the western world . 
  the fact of the matter is that we 've always organized ourselves in nation states . 
  all you have to do is pick up original texts from as far back as the ancient greeks and you will see how they define themselves as hellenic and fundamentally different from the barbarians who surrounded them . 
  they recognized the fact that even though they were athenians , spartans and whatever else , they were all greeks - they were n't persians . 
  just because the word did n't exist , it does n't mean that nation sates did not exist . 
  they always have , it is a primal drive in humans to surround yourself with your own tribe as the putnam study shows . 
  yes , and the other part is to walk softly . 
  walk softly and carry a big stick . 
  different strokes for different blokes . 
  i do n't pretend to speak for my entire country . 
  indeed . 
  empires like the eu and austria-hungary come and go but the nation sates remain . 
  what the fuck ? 
  is n't that like the whole point of nato ? 
  my guess is that the people who are anti-nato just answered no . 
  i 'm certainly not in favor of nato expanding to the east but once you 've joined and you 're in a defensive alliance you ca n't really just go `` nope '' if a partner is attacked . 
  yeah , no . 
  just looking at belgium makes me beg to differ . 
  i 'm all for european cooperation . 
  i love europe . 
  but i 'm not for a political alliance . 
  we 're too different . 
  the world is full of small independent nation states that manage just fine . 
  this obsession with trade deals is preposterous . 
  we did fine before the eu existed and we will do fine long after the eu is abolished . 
  yeah and they are within 10 % value . 
  it would make sense . 
  i disagree . 
  i think breaking away from the eu and focusing on nordic collaboration would be infinitely better , i 'd even be for a common nordic currency . 
  i 'm not really sure , i just moved back this year after a decade in the us . 
  my pro-eu days ended when i realized they were pushing for a federal government , anti-eu sentiment is definitely growing but i 'm not sure what the polls say ; empirically i 'd say 30-40 % against 10-20 % unsure and 50 % for staying in and more federalism . 
  not sure what the policy of sd is but the government recently wrote the eu membership into the `` constitution '' so it would be an 8 year process just from a legal standpoint to even initiate an exit . 
  i think a dexit is far more likely - after which hopefully sk\u00e5ne can break apart from sweden and join denmark instead  . 
  side to side, 
  euro federalism coming from . . belgium , of course , a non country , so what does it matter if the borders of the non-country are expanded ? 
  we should have skipped the eu and kept going with the nordic council from the beginning . 
  the lyrics ? 
  hanging on in quiet desperation is the english way / / pink floyd, 
  they do n't . 
  with proper maintenance they could stand forever . 
  why not mongolia as well ? 
  can we stop trying to start ww3 please ? 
  yeeeah no thanks . 
  again , it 's illegal . 
  if you report it to the police they will investigate and make arrests . 
  no it does n't . 
  the article you linked literately talked about police raids against these people . 
  yeah cuz you want your money back  . 
  jesus christ i thought i had it bad but i only pay 70 % on everything i make in excess of about 5000 euro / month . 
  the power of christ compels you !, 
  like i care what the cia thinks . 
  they think it 's a good idea to oust assad and replace him with isis or al quaida sympathizers . 
  he may be a ruthless dictator but that is what is needed to keep islam from boiling over . 
  for decades he has provided safety for the christians of syria and i 'm supposed to think that he is some hideous evil man . 
  sovereignty has nothing to do with democracy . 
  lol , hardly . 
  libya had the highest hdi in africa . 
  he was just like all these other dictators - he had to be brutal to control the secterianism and brutalism that is in the region . 
  you will never succeed in ousting assad or ghaddaffi and putting a western style democracy in their place . 
  look at the issues you 're having with your muslim population and multiply that with the entire country to understand what the middle east is dealing with . 
  it 's not being prude , it 's common decency . 
  i 'm not a puritan , it 's hollywood and american pop culture that has gone off the fucking wall and become as degenerate as the late stage roman empire . 
  you think twerking and heavily sexualized imagery is appropriate for an 8 year-old ? 
  haha . 
  yeah i doubt they 'll understand the lyrics but the show is also very sexually visual with twerking and other degenerate shit .
