  you brought up the dutch east india company and the hudson bay company , i simply answered your question where you asked me what i thought they were . 
  monopolies sponsored by governments , certainly not capitalism . 
  the dutch east india company had the right to wage war , print money , imprison , execute etc. 
  all granted to it by the government . 
  not really free market capitalism . 
  same thing with the hudson bay company , they were basically the government of large parts of the hudson bay . 
  what about her ? 
  afd is a direct result of her choosing to go left . 
  lets be real here - what they really want to do is shut down people who are against mass immigration . 
  that only works on paper . 
  in reality you ca n't please everyone - you choose a direction and you go with it . 
  the left and right are diametrically opposed . 
   `` look , mine 's shorter . '', 
  not all of europe is liberal  . 
  you have the upper hand but there are plenty of us conservatives around as well . 
  nope . 
  it puts food on the table , a roof over my head and has given me , a lowly peasant , access to more material wealth than the king of france had a couple hundred years ago . 
  it is a truly amazing system . 
  the institution of marriage has been attacked from many fronts - i 'll agree with you on that . 
  the first blow was no-fault divorce and it never really recovered from there . 
  marriage is the key unit that makes this whole culture work - it is all built up around marriage . 
  the nuclear family is the most stable unit that has ever existed and that is why societies are built up around it . 
  crimea - has been effectively russian for over over 500 years . 
  ukraine - had a pro-russian democratically elected president until the eu and us decided to sponsor a coup . 
  did they think russia was gon na sit by idly ? 
  we already saw how america reacted with a soviet sponsored coup in cuba during the missile crisis . 
  post soviet era turbulence , prior to putin ... 
  relevant how ? 
  georgia - http://hitchensblog.mailonsunday.co.uk/2017/03/who-lost-russia.html submarines violating swedish territorial waters - basic power play , america does this all the time . 
  frequent violations of nato airspace - after the fall of the soviet union the russian air force pretty much stayed grounded for a couple of years with none of the usual airspace encroachments that rivaling nations tend to fuck around with . 
  nato continued to ring in russia and to enchroach on their airspace , so putin returned to business as usual . 
  propping up assad to make the syrian conflict last as long as possible , because it fucks up eu . 
  - why is the eu sponsoring terrorists in a sovereign state ? 
  financing extremist movements across europe - oh you mean like the eu sponsored `` the orange revolution '' ? 
  like the eu is sponsoring terrorists in syra ? 
  so it 's okay for the eu but not for russia ? 
  interfering with elections - prove it extreme propaganda spending to affect public opinions in europe - what propaganda ? 
  everything that is n't pro-eu and pro mass immigration is said to be russian propaganda . 
  i was against mass immigration and the eu 10 years ago . 
  before this cold war hysteria started again . 
  what is your solution to russia , try to keep the fact that you hate russians out of the picture and focus on the fact that russia has the largest arsenal of nuclear warheads in the world . 
  should we try to invade them ? 
  should we push putin into a closer alliance with china and fuck ourselves 10 years from today ? 
  should we perhaps consider twice expanding the eu at the rate at which it has been done ? 
  you may disagree with this - you 're from the old communist block . 
  but i remember when we were voting about joining the eu - we were promised that there would n't be any expansion into the poorer eastern countries for decades to come . 
  as it turns out the eu lied again , and here we are . 
  absolutely - different strokes for different blokes . 
  for any amount of money , really now :d ? 
  i lived in california for 4 years and the rest in texas . 
  i know both the far left and right in europe likes to shit on america but i really liked it . 
  communist dictatorships are ruthless . 
  i 'm not here to defend the soviet union . 
  as far as russia goes - they do n't scare me in the slightest . 
  i 've been to russia and i know russians , it 's not like the soviet union was . 
  i do n't see russia starting anything . 
  they 're cleaning up the mess that the eu and us created in syria . 
  this is exactly why i find the rhetoric against russia so amusing . 
  even if you were right about everything , what are you gon na do about it ? 
  start a nuclear war ? 
  i did , but then i moved abroad for a decade . 
  i had no plans on moving back but due to a whole chain of events i ended up back in sweden and in a town where i had never been before and never ever planned to move to . 
  i could n't have planned this in a million years . 
  at any rate , i think everyone is doing what you 're doing now so i do n't know how much it will really help . 
  the situation is really pathetic especially in stockholm/g \u00f6teborg . 
  but i already addressed that issue ... ? 
  i 'm not even for trying to stop gays from being together , i just want to reserve marriage for a man and a woman . 
  i strongly believe that the destruction of the institution of marriage is the cause of much , if not damn near all of the ailments of western civilization today . 
  allowing gay marriage is just the final nail in the coffin of destroying the glue that holds our civilization together . 
  oh absolutely - i recognize that that fact and i understand it very well . 
  i just think that two months is extreme - it is simply too long . 
  especially for somebody in my condition . 
  i honestly believe that the amount of tax revenue that was lost because of my inability do my job properly probably outweighed the savings that could be made by having too few specialists . 
  there is obviously some cost-balance that needs to be made but whoever made it here did n't do it properly . 
  completely agree regarding american healthcare . 
  it is truly amazing with good insurance but i do n't feel that it is a good general solution . 
   looking at your post history , you do seem to be a guy who does n't give a fuck about the general narrative on reddit . 
  nice to see . 
  i do n't know if i 'm a contrarian or if i just always saw things differently from the majority of people but i never placed much value in swimming with the stream . 
  i only say what i believe and what i believe is a result of my experiences and how i see the world . 
  if other people disagree with me that is fine by me , but i will not change my opinions just to fit in a mold . 
  no i do n't want to force them to do anything nor do i wan na make it illegal and chase down gay people . 
  i just do n't want to normalize it and revere it to the point at which it is today where if you 're not on board with the pride parade you 're hitler . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with gays living and existing among us . 
  leave well enough alone . 
  i do n't really see any value in the argument that homosexuality is a biological normality that people are born with and thus we ought to just accept it . 
  the same argument could be said about psychopathy or pedophilia , now sure , the difference is two consenting adults and all that - but that 's not my point . 
  my point is that just because something exist in nature it does n't mean that it is not destructive to society . 
  humans have some very dark sides that we needed ten thousands years ago . 
  we 're capable or extremely brutal atrocities - it is in our nature . 
  it is up to civilization to constrain those parts of us . 
  for an example - the thugs sitting in prison today would probably have been revered warriors ten thousand years ago when the framework of society was next to nonexistent . 
  keep reading my other answers . 
  depends who you ask . 
  i lived in the us for a decade and i preferred it to sweden in almost all ways . 
  with all that has happened i do n't think anyone can look at the facts objectively and say that that the policy has been successful . 
  i suppose one side of the argument is that `` we can afford it and thus ought to help '' . 
  clearly it has cost massive amounts of money . 
  the government wants to increase taxes by 3 % since local governments are underfunded . 
  new clinics had to be started to treat diseases like tuberculosis which were previous eradicated from the country .
