  at the same time there is free dental and health care for all the newcomers ( i hesitate to call them refugees as per the un only about 3 % fall within the geneva convention ) but natives have to pay . 
  i do n't think anyone could possibly claim that a massive population increase from countries with basically no healthcare did not cost the system anything . 
  i do n't mind some internal european immigration but to be perfectly honest i do n't like the way that my country has changed from when i was a kid . 
  i have no interest in acting as the welfare office for the the 3rd world and after having experienced the so called multi-cultural society i ca n't say that i 'm a big fan . 
  if their argument is that we need workers then my suggestion is to get them from southern europe since at least we can integrate other europeans pretty easily . 
  i have some friends who have yugoslav origins who have integrated well . 
  i do n't see the same thing happening with moroccans , afghans etc. 
  their cultures are far too different and at the end of the day they are not europeans . 
  as europeans we all share a fundamental bond so i think it 's manageable as long as the numbers do n't get out of hand but my interest ends at the border between turkey and greece . 
  that was a very interesting read with a perspective that i had n't really considered . 
  i suppose part of it is that my time in the us was spent in areas that have seen such massive amounts of immigration that it seemed unstoppable . 
  it 's easy to forget about places like wyoming and nebraska when you spend all your time in southern california . 
  i 'm not sure if i buy all of it though . 
  i think these last couple of elections have really brought out the division between old america and new america . 
  you know romney would have won by landslide if the demographics of america in 2012 would have been what they were even in the 90s , same with trump . 
  nevertheless , it will be interesting to see what happens . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  for some reason sweden has become some kind of leftist mecca online where people think that we have no problems here and everything is perfect . 
  i suppose in recent years that image has started to break down a little bit but i always found amusing how people always bring us up as some kind of socialist utopia . 
  we may not be in the same deep shit as greece but we certainly have massive social problems . 
  fair enough !, 
  yes i would consider both cruz and rubio white , heck , even pitbull looks white to me even though he 's trying hard not to be - he just has n't assimilated into the anglo-american culture like cruz and rubio have . 
  i suppose the question really comes down what percentage of hispanics are white and what percentage of them have embraced anglo-american culture . 
  i made quite a few mexican friends , only one white hispanic had embraced the anglo culture . 
  he spoke english at home , was married to an anglo-american and was as american as apple pie , but most of them seemed more in touch with their latino roots than america . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's true . 
  it may be true for america as a whole , i should mention that my time in america was spent mostly in california and texas . 
  i did travel quite a lot while i lived there but ca and tx were the only states that i actually lived in . 
  you could walk to almost any public school in either state and most kids would be speaking spanish and most looked hispanic . 
  there is also a very sizeable illegal hispanic population group that does n't get accounted for . 
  i never met a white american with more than 2 kids but seeing hispanic mothers with 5 or 6 was not uncommon at all . 
  either way it 's not even about birth rates anymore - it 's just about time . 
  as the boomers start dying off in the coming decade and the next generation comes into adulthood america will already fall below 50 % white - that 's with the us government census definition which includes people from the middle east as white . 
  there is almost no conceivable way in which america will be able to remain an anglo-protestat dominated country past 2030 . 
  good question !, 
  russia as it stands today is by all intents and purposes still an empire . 
  the russians never gave it up - and you 're right . 
  in the long run it 's probably not reliable . 
  especially as the ethnic russian population decreases and other populations start demanding more power . 
  we 've already seen the precursor to what it will probably lead to in the caucasus . 
  i expect more of it in the future but in the end all empires fall and russia will likely split among ethnic lines where eastern ukraine will probably be a part of the russian sphere some long standing allies like the cossacks might remain a part of russia . 
  no rule , just a metric shit ton of historical evidence . 
  ethnically homogeneous nations are more stable , more peaceful and more prosperous . 
  check out the robert putnam study on the effects of diversity on trust in societies . 
  ukraine is not as valid as france at all . 
  france has existed for over a thousand years as a nation . 
  the us is debatable , especially post 1960 . 
  we will probably see the us shift from a country centered around anglo-protestant culture to a central american culture within our lifetimes . 
  i lived in america for almost a decade - the shift is very obvious in the southern border states - especially in southern california where i lived for 4 years . 
  you ca n't even get around with english in many places in la. 
  i remember when i had just moved there i went into a dunkin donuts by a gas station in la to get a coffee and the lady at the register did not speak a word of english . 
  i was completely shocked but the longer i spent there the more i came to realize that it was not too uncommon . 
  well this country is semi-communist so i 'm not surprised . 
  there 's some truth to that . 
  i would n't call it laziness but southern europeans do n't have the `` protestant work ethic '' that northern europeans do . 
  it 's called laziness in this materialistic world that we live in since everything nowadays is about how much stuff you have . 
  personally i 'd say that they favor more spare time over more material wealth in general . 
  yes - 2nd hand contracts are technically not allowed . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's by law or if it 's policy from whoever owns the actual building . 
  if you actually own the apartment or house i suppose it 's allowed . 
  do n't quote me on it , i 'm not sure . 
  what i do know is that there are n't enough apartments . 
  again , that would mean that something somewhere has got to give . 
  maybe you go a little their way and they come a little your way and at the end of the day we have a standardized european - a dallas or a miami . 
  i already told you that i do n't like that idea . 
  i like the differences , but i assume that is where we will just have to agree to disagree . 
  too many people applying for too few apartments so you have to get in line . 
  the average amount of people in line for an apartment here is about 250 . 
  out of those 250 whoever has the longest amount of time in the `` queue '' ( you sign up online ) gets the apartment . 
  fair enough - problem is there just are n't enough apartments to go around . 
  of course if you have the money to actually buy an apartment you can circumvent everything and just place a high bid - but most young people do n't have the financial capabilities . 
  this has led to numerous problems like a massive housing bubble and the imf and eu has warned sweden on numerous occasions for the amount of debt that the people hold - most of which is held in housing . 
  take myself as an example . 
  i 'm 28 , i 'm an engineer , i make pretty good money but i have to rent my apartment through the black market because i ca n't afford to buy one and i do n't have enough time in the queue system . 
   umm , we did n't even have a german ( in my case ) identity for a long time long after that . 
  we were germanic tribes fighting each others to the death . 
  after that we became nations ( read unions of tribes ) , but then those unions started to fight each other to the death . 
  same shit , different level . 
  so the next logical step is to form even bigger unions , which we are currently witnessing . 
  nono certainly not . 
  i did n't wan na get bogged down here but suffice it to say that the fanks , germans and greeks all tried to carry the crown of `` heir of rome '' immediately after the fall - i view it as a sort of pre-cursor to a european identity but let 's just leave it at that - it 's not really crucial to the argument . 
   so we will have to agree to disagree . 
  while you seem to have a rather pessimistic view , i choose to believe that we as humans are able to learn from our past and work together to make our future better . 
  i am not saying that the concept of nations will die in the next few years , but they will become just some smaller entities within a bigger union . 
  what i might agree on is that the eu is too big right now . 
  we should work towards further integration with nations that share the same vision , basically what is was suggested under the `` two speed europe '' . 
  germany and france come to mind . 
  i disagree with the fact that you think it 's pessimistic . 
  i think it 's a very positive vision . 
  why would we have to be in a political union to work together and create a better future ? 
  the world is full of nation states that are peaceful and are working with each other without being in political union . 
  you could argue that a political union is creating more division than unity . 
  i do n't think it will ever be possible to reconcile a political union between countries as different as germany and greece . 
  either the greeks will have to become german or vice versa - i 'd rather not see that happen . 
  i love the diversity of cultures in europe . 
  in my view the eu is like the boring financial districts of major european cities . 
  they look just like dallas or miami - glass and concrete with no personality . 
  everything needs to be standardized and made the same everywhere . 
  i prefer the old town in prague - which symbolizes the nation state in this analogy . 
  it 's an entity that has historical ties back in time and connects the present with the past and the future .
