  well , that sucks . 
  no replacement for natural gas in sight , although this  germany decided to develop its gas storages already after the ukrainian gas crisis in 2009 . will help reduce the effects for the first few months . 
  at least the coal part is covered . 
  edit : formatting, 
  i 'd like a few numbers to be able to put that in context . 
  * how important are these products for the energy market as a whole ? 
  * how important are they for other industry branches , e.g. 
  plastic industry ? 
  * how easily can other countries step up their production to replace the supply of these goods ? 
  if someone could help , i would be grateful . 
  just another heilclist . 
  hah thanks , had to leave out an apostrophe to fit the k . you seem to be a few letters short yourself , if i may add . 
  i 'm stealing this . 
  i do n't think it 'd be possible to sentence someone based on a reddit comment . 
  facebook 's different , though . 
  in germany , we 've got `` volksverhetzung '' , means `` getting people riled up and ready for violence against a certain group '' . 
  it 's very useful in reigning in dickheads like nazis and radical islamists . 
  i would n't want it any other way . 
  in this case , the elements of that crime probably would n't be fulfilled , since he did n't call for violence directly . 
  i think it is weird . 
  football 's a sport , a competition , a hobby ( one i do n't have any interest in , to be honest ) . 
  using it to make a political point seems completely inane , if you ask me . 
  it 's like if i started political discussions at a dnd group ( another hobby i do n't take part in ) . 
  i think germans are slow to adopt change , yea . 
  that is sometimes annoying . 
  for example how you ca n't do many things via internet . 
  but in other cases , that 's pretty good . 
  let the others go first and watch whether they fall flat on their asses . 
  for example the whole `` buying stuff on credit card '' nonsense . 
  have a look at / r/personalfinance to see what a mess it is to micromanage . 
  and on case , i think it is reasonable to tell the us government as well as the european one what we think about their plans and their way of negotiating ttip . 
  i never would have guessed , / u/yolo _ swagovic2, 
  * french croissant * irish butter * italian nutella that 's what i call a european breakfast . 
  always nice when someone with actual knowledge joins the thread . 
  newspapers provide a lot of coverage , but not as much as when the nsa relevations shocked the country last year . 
  maybe it 's because people have become resigned , maybe it 's because we 're the bad guys this time around . 
  good point . 
  coming to think of it , it 's probably more about noone ever being punished for the bvs 's wrongdoings . 
  i can accept failures . 
  i can not accept violation of our laws . 
  yea , that celler loch article really only scratches the surface . 
  a few years ago the zeit compiled all the known fuckups of our bvs , calling for its immediate disbanding . 
  and they were fucking right . 
  yea , but then again we already should have dissolved the bundesverfassungsschutz a [ loooong ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/celler_loch ) while ago ... that would leave us with only the milit\u00e4rischer abschirmdienst ... and i 'm not sure how much i trust an agency whose acronym is mad . 
  i sometimes try to put myself into the mindset of the people in power back then . 
  what kind of * ideology * , what kind of ** lunacy ** makes one think `` those people would be better off if we forced them away from where their ancestors are buried , and moved them to a place they 've never seen before '' ? 
  you 're saying they 're tourists beating up tourists for being tourists ? 
  i kinda hope it 'll bring prices for electronics down to us level . 
  of course it 'll bring chlorined chickens etc. 
  you 'd think people anywhere would go throught the absurd clusterfuck of changing eu regulations for the sole purpose of being able to watch their streaming service ? 
  that seems like a little much effort . 
  it worked for me from the article . 
  foreign students are the ones it hits worst . 
  they come here , never watch a second of tagesschau or tatort , and then get a letter from a bureau with a name hardly any german can be bothered to remember , asking them to pay 20 $ for each month they live here . 
  confuses the hell outta almost all of them . 
  these are some poorly taxidermied foxes ... 
  not op , but if anybody ever attacked germany , there 'd be two options for me : get back to the red cross and do what little i can to help patching people up , or fleeing . 
  i do n't think i 'd do any good on a frontline . 
  honestly , i do not have the time to become an expert on every single topic ranging from gmo over reeducation of criminals vs imprisonment , over food regulation standards , to nuclear reactor safety . 
  i generally look for people who seem to have a similar mindset , and then i vote for them and hope they make the right decisions . 
  if those people vote differently than i thought they would , i try to educate myself on why they did so . 
  if the reason is `` money from a third party '' i wo n't vote for them next time around , but sometimes i also learn something new . 
  just wait for the influx of pansexual otherkin with pagan believes . 
  overrun by muslims ? 
  i met a few girls travelling on their own there , and they said someone filmed them on the subway . 
  that was the only thing i 've heard in that regard . 
  that 's because one of our sea kings crashed on top of it . 
  i 'm trying not to sound too harsh . 
  but if you have to ask about fundamental principles , it is a clear sign that you are not equippes to deal with the clusterfuck of red tape called transcontinental trade . 
  can only speak for germany : our `` dynamo dresden '' team apparently used to be made up of hobby players from a dynamo station ( = electricity plant ) . 
  not even sure if that 's true , but i remember a teacher talking about it . 
  i ca n't really compare the situation here to the us , since i have n't been there . 
  however , there is plenty of political discussion taking place at most schools , universities and such . 
  a few people might have heard that aussies have a rather laid-back attitude and think this would influence your work ethics . 
  should n't happen more than once in a hundred people though . 
  i think germans have a very positive image of australians , probably one of the best of all non-europeans . 
  do n't walk into shady alleys , do n't do drugs with strangers and your chances of being assaulted are no bigger than at home . 
  pretty much the same as in the us it seems . 
  people who do have tattoos mostly hide them when doing business . 
   most big mmos have servers specifically for german . 
  how comes ? 
  i 've never been one for online gaming ( too bad internet connection while that stuff was still fun ) , but i 've noticed that too . 
  `` alternativlos '' , no real contest here . 
  narrow-minded idiots will call you out for not `` deciding on one country as your fatherland '' ... 
  but that 's about it !, 
  glad for you !, 
  can confirm what / u/jahmez said : germany does n't tax your income in another country . 
  the consolidation of europe is an ongoing process , and i doubt we 'll live to see the end of it . 
  too many outside factors , e.g. 
  russia 's behaviour forcing the different nations to work together more closely , or maybe russian influence driving some members out of the union . 
  that being said i hope that eventually europe will grow together as a federal state whose government is elected directly by the people . 
  thank you for the book suggestions , i bookmarked them . 
  germany : plenty of cities trying to incorporate cycling lanes , but not close to everywhere . 
  on the countryside , the network is still being developed and far from ubiquitous . 
  traditionally , germany belongs to cars . 
  i actually agree . 
  but i also understand why it 's been implemented differently when they wrote up the grundgesetzt . 
  it goes back to the 1920 's , when hitler made several household plan fail by popular demand . 
  to prevent that from happening , they put the power of doing things like that into a smaller group of people and hoped the general populace would take caution when electing that smaller group . 
  i 'd argue that the german representative democracy is still a little more open than eu .
