  so it 'd be logical to merge the european states ... slowly . 
  give 'em time to recognize each other as `` human '' , not as `` dutch '' , `` french '' or whatever . 
  hell , i 'd surely like me some university loan from the ecb ... 
  please do n't force a german identity upon me . 
  i am , in fact , a bavarian . 
  except that i 'm from the swabia part of bavaria , and am therefore not a * proper * bavarian . 
  so , what exactly am i ? 
  i really never quite understood the concept of `` national identity '' . 
  nations have existed for a few hundred years at most , humanity 's been around for 150k years . 
  bavarians do , sometimes . 
  i think there is at least one bavarian monarchist in this forum . 
  well he had something like a man-crush on hitler and thought the leader system is better than democracy ... that 's close enough to nazi for me . 
  but when we do , i want swabia to be with baden-w\u00fcrttemberg !, 
  i do n't want to be stuck with all those \u7530\u820e\u8005 who 'll probably form a kingdom of bavaria under king seehofer i !, 
  we need higher resolution for it to be believeable . 
  you 'd be surprised , i met a gay nazi in australia ... 
  he was completely serious when he said that hitler `` has n't killed enough jews '' and that the aryans indeed are a superior race . 
  guy also grows his own weed and used to do some crazy drugs in his youth , before suffering a horrible diving accident , so i 'm not sure how far his brain damages are to blame, 
  you 're asking in a sub called / r/europe . 
  i 'd wager the response you 're getting from here is not 100 % representative . 
  fair enough then . 
  ok , that sounds decidedly less worrisome . 
  still , he called the is 's actions `` mistakes '' . 
  that 's an euphemism if i 've ever heard one . 
  also the article quotes a police officer saying that people who visit that mosque are more likely to join isis . 
  syra and irak are n't really up that alley ... 
  whereas saudi-arabia is stinking rich . 
  defending each other once one is attacked , that 's the point . 
  you could argue that people crossing the border to abduct a person is an attack , but even then an invasion is n't really part of the proper response . 
  once russia faces extinction , they 'll launch the nukes . 
  germans generally do n't know how to smalltalk . 
   since early 2013 , russia has forcibly registered some of its most prominent nongovernmental agencies as `` foreign agents '' -- branding them as spies and traitors -- in part because they received foreign funding . 
  i can still remember a few idiots defending this move ... 
  of course . 
  i guess that 's pretty much the effect of living in such an environment without any outsiders coming in . 
  sorry , i replied to the wrong post of yours . 
  actually wanted to respond to [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fg19w/uk_and_germany_main_beneficiaries_of_spains_brain/ck91ulb ) . 
  that would have made what i meant a little clearer . 
  i was n't talking about the brain drain ( which , i agree , is a catastrophy for spain ) but about the possibly positive effect of a policy of austerity . 
  kind of , for example minimum wages and pensions in the east are different from those in the west . 
  still , it does n't do the realities justice . 
  and the banks are n't really taking part in that at all . 
  their rates seem to be the same everywhere . 
  i think it 's important to notice that the ecb is n't controlled by the european government . 
  so i 'm not really sure if it 'd be that easy to change their mandate , which mainly consists of keeping inflation in check . 
  man , if i read the reports of how former eastern germany 's state-owned companies were sold out after reunification ... 
  i could cry . 
  so much value down the drain , just so the western germany companies would n't have to face competition from the east . 
  i guess they 're talking about the lack of a `` point-based '' system such as australia ? 
  where a desired qualification makes it easier to immigrate ? 
  * shrugs *, 
  i also * really * hope that willing , well-educated workers from mediterranean countries will help change the mindset of many a german backwater-town villager . 
  the things i 've heard some people say about spainards , italians or greeks ... 
  without ever having had contact with one ... 
  not only that , but eastern germany also need a lower rate of interest than the south ... and rural areas also need more investment , whereas in the cities property investments made the price of living skyrocket . 
  it 's a flaw in the banking system which is not necessarily europe-specific . 
  i agree on the feedback loop . 
  but please keep in mind that after the reunification until well into the 2000 's germany was stuck in the same recession loop . 
  and what helped recover were indeed reforms which are deemed `` neo-liberal '' today . 
  future research will have to determine how vital these reforms were , but the fact that they helped german to break that circle remains . 
  yea , look at 1930 's cars ... my corsa can drive a week with what they need to start up ... 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.hr-online.de/website/rubriken/nachrichten/indexhessen34938.jsp?rubrik=36082&amp;key=standard_document_52488277 ) a german article about how driving for uber could very well be your financial downfall . 
  let me try to sum it up : they had the contract for uber drivers reviewed by a professor for insurance laws , a car-insurance-salesman , an attorney specializing in traffic law and an attorney for work laws ( if anyone knows better translation for any of these please let me know ) . 
  these people agree that those contracts are very dangerous , as liability lies entirely with the driver . 
  additionally , your normal german causualty insurance is n't enough , since you 're earning money . 
  you 'd need a commercial insurance . 
  also , if your car insurance company finds out you 're driving for uber , they might terminate the insurance . 
  that 's something i do n't understand . 
  in germany , anti-immigrant sentiment is strongest in those parts with the lowest rates of immigrants . 
  is that really different for uk/scotland ? 
  and then bavaria , right ? 
  actually , at this point , i do n't even care anymore . 
  just let me move to baw\u00fc before you close the border . 
  til translating a statement into scottish turns it into a question . 
  lol because you have n't seen my face yet :d, 
  we had to fire up ( real wood heating ) our stove yesterday because my mother was freezing . 
  germany : i 'm glad my cousin 's italian husband has so far refrained from that kind of stuff . 
  hands on , that 's true . 
  nope , and i 'd like to keep it that way . 
  seeing how it can change people after even brief times is kinda creepy . 
  nooo , do n't write in german !, 
  it 's known to creep out people !, 
  god ... how long has this been a war ? 
  five months , at max ? 
  ** and already now people are turning into animals . 
  ** i never would have thought we are so quick to shed the thin layer of civilization . 
  i 've never been one to live by the saying `` rather suffer injustice than inflict injustice upon others '' , but if i have to choose between living under someone 's boot and ** bombing schools and killing children ** , i 'd always choose the former . 
  i 'd pin that on either land not being used , or not being fertilized . 
  is that correct ? 
  sadly , that only goes to show how much of a badass you got ta be to ( successfully ) use one ... 
  that 's what you and i see . 
  but it is n't necessarily what most other people see . 
  have a look at / u/ama _ deo 's reply to your post . 
  already now people do n't like the eu because they think germany is dominating it economically . 
  if we now start to dominate in terms of military , that really wo n't help building trust at all . 
  brings back memories of civ campaigns ... 
  the ai will be stupid enough to charge tanks with spearmen ... 
  this discussion has long since left its starting point . 
  i wo n't answer here anymore . 
  i 'm not familiar with russian military , but would n't those mistrals be among the most up-to-date pieces of equipment in the russian army ?
