  nevamind . 
  as long as they get their loans from german banks and use the money to buy german weapons , everything 's gon na work out just fine , 
  in this case we 've clearly left the point of our discussion behind , since it was about who is more likely to be responsible for this red cross worker 's death . 
  so you 're saying because ukrainian forces ca n't aim that well they 're more likely to accidently hit the red cross building ? 
  mate , i 'd maybe even believe you if it were n't for that passenger jet which was shot down by rebels ( = russian troops ) . 
  this ragtag band of nationalists has done a damn fine job at blowing up russian soldiers with their `` holiday equipment '' of tanks and machine guns . 
  i never blamed any side in my post . 
  the red cross treats all victims of war . 
  but for the record : i do think that it 's the separatists/russian army . 
  ukrainians would have a greater incentive to stay their hand , since they want the eastern part to reconcile with the western part , which is made more difficult by incidents where civilians are hurt . 
  i 'm not saying that this is clear to every soldier out there , just that russian troops are less likely to avoid collateral damage . 
  russian government does n't specify mortar shell targets , though . 
  that 's probably the officer 's job . 
  edit : spelling . 
  you got ta be a special kind of asshole to target red cross buildings . 
  we treat your troops as well , dammit !, 
  the first ones to pick up weapons and fight ukrainian government forces were probably `` real '' rebels though . 
  while russia definitely sent troops , the bigger part of the separatist armies consists of ukrainians . 
  serious question : does the chinese government 's plan injure any clauses of the `` one country two systems '' treaty the eu has sworn to safeguard ? 
  if not , i do n't see why it should do anything . 
  as of now , no human rights violations have been committed against the protesters . 
  fantastic photos !, 
  / r/castleporn would probably like some of those , especially https://i.imgur.com/8m07ctd.jpg and https://i.imgur.com/fz6dkth.jpg, 
  last month you would have been correct - it was ratified and corresponding laws were passed , they 're effective ( is that how to call it in english ? ), 
  since september 1st . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.abgeordnetenwatch.de/blog/2014-09-29/bundestag-ratifiziert-un-konvention-gegen-korruption-nach-elf-jahren ) ( german ), 
  yea , luckily the german state did n't financially back up hochtief despite all the outrage about `` selling off '' a company with such a long tradition . 
  you 're somewhat right there . 
  even if russia attacked , i would n't think of lifting a weapon . 
  sorry mate , best i can do is driving ambulance and maybe push myself and work in a hospital . 
  no shooting and being shot for me . 
  we 'd of course have to initiate diplomatic relationships and start selling them weapons so they can keep peace in their area and keep the immigrants from getting into europe ... not all that bad a dea . 
  ^ ( go figure for yourself whether this was sarcasm or not ), 
  i 'll back nuclear power the day they have to get an insurance . 
  you 're reading the wrong new sites . 
  tagesschau.de was ( afaik ) one of the first news sites to report about alleged human rights violations of the ( new ) ukrainian government . 
  seems like most people are actually quite ok with belonging to russia . 
  i 'd have liked to see a gay person 's reaction , though . 
  at least in that case the culprit was found right away . 
  with drones it 'll be a helluva lot more difficult . 
  yea , but we also want this whole war business to be over with . 
  once russia 's army has been crushed by us forces we can go back to trading with them , buy their gas , rebuild their army ... you know the deal . 
  really ? 
  from what i 've seen , in germany it 's the lefties who 're all up putin 's backside . 
  y' know , the whole `` western imperialist pigs are at fault for russia invading ukraine '' routine . 
  very fucking relevant username , i suppose . 
  i 'd argue their behaviour is clearly aimed at intimidating citizens . 
  that 'd pretty much make it a legal problem . 
  of course it does n't stop them , but provides norway with an accurate tool to measure the success of their plan . 
  satellites have been proven quite efficient in tracking deforestation , iirc . 
  it takes a special kind of asshole to ruin everyone 's livelihood to save some money . 
  now i 'm not anything like an expert on bees , pesticides or farming in general , but i was always under the impression that farmers fucking need bees for pollination ? 
  then it would be very very stupid of them to use stuff that potentially hurts the bee population . 
  same with bild . 
  who 're those million people allegedly reading it ? 
  if i had n't seen my grandparents with that pamphlet i 'd assume everyone uses it to wipe their asses . 
  you do n't like punctuation ? 
  i fully support bavarian independence ... as long as they let me become a baden-w\u00fcrttemberger before pulling up the wall . 
  that being said , bavaria is one of the major contributing states tax-wise . 
  count me in . 
  most do n't . 
  i think only 0.3 % of asylum seekers from there were granted asylum in germany , which is probably whitin the margin of error due to corruption , spontaneous outbreak of human compassion and what not . 
  age of `` anything-goes-neoliberalism '' is over , mate . 
  time to start being conservative again . 
  ^ ( disclaimer : i have never , do not and probably will never vote conservative myself ), 
  ^ ( dafuq is wrong with your username ? ), 
  this would make me very broke very soon . 
  drunk decisions are expensive decisions . 
  i see where this is going . 
  next thing you know , we 're building a wall [ about 50 km north of where i live ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:limes_germanicus_2nd_c.png ) to shut out the barbarians from rest-germany . 
  in sovjet russia , russia lets itself in !, 
  ... that did n't roll off as smoothly as i though it would . 
  fair point . 
  still , that 's not exactly voting fraud , as claimed by the guy . 
  even after all these years , it fills me with some kind of satisfaction to know that the nazis did n't succeed at covering up their crimes . 
  i 'm a little worried about merkel , though . 
  will she say no to a gas deal in 2020 giving germany access to all the natural gas it needs to pull off the atomausstieg ? 
   afshin rattansi , the presenter of rt 's going underground show , said there were `` international considerations '' , such as the uk 's nuclear deterrent , which had affected the outcome . 
  what the fucking fuck ? 
  is he saying scottish voters were afraid britain would nuke them if they went independent ? 
  these folks must be fucking stupid if they believe that . 
  just look at the scales . 
  one nuke to scotland would also contamine the rest of gb . 
  providing a social network is quite a big thing to ask of a state , is n't it ? 
  language courses can be provided , of course . 
  classes teaching you how german bureaucracy works should be available not only for immigrants , but for everyone , because sometimes all the forms to fill out can be a bit much . 
  but what else can the german state ( or german ngos ) do ? 
  please note that this is an honest question to which i 'd like an answer . 
  most germans would identify immigrants from islamic countries as muslims , regardless of their actual beliefs . 
  if you look `` turkish '' ( most germans , including me , could n't tell an iranian from a turk ) , you run a high risk of being thrown in with the lot . 
  ah , well , if worse comes to worst i can still simply faint like a girl :d, 
  wow . 
  -57 karma in an account that was created one week ago . 
  that 's a downvote troll if i 've ever seen one . 
  imagine if they charged license payments on democracy . 
  they 'd be rich in no time . 
  not everyone here will agree with this step ( i do ) , but everyone 's got ta admit : they did n't cling to power over principles . 
  not for full-sized pictures . 
  but if you compress . jpg 's to fit desktop size , it 'll be around 50kb per picture . 
  even with hostel internet , you can get plenty of those backed up remotely .
