would you ? 
  i know i would n't . 
  actually , i was only referring to the situation in the ukraine . 
  was open war really the only option ? 
  of course , it was russia who started open aggression . 
  but would n't it have been possible to not even let the conflict escalate to that point ? 
  ukraine 's options nine months back were going west , towards a rather unwelcoming and sceptical european union , or submit to putin 's demands and join his sphere of influence . 
  while i personally , as an european , am relieved that the second scenario did n't happen , i wonder how the people would have decided back then , if they had known how badly shit would hit the fan ? 
  scary thing is what they 'll demand afterwards . 
  like how right-wing groups felt entitled to massive influence in the parliament , since they helped on maidan . 
  i need you to elaborate on that one . 
  people on this subreddit do n't seem to , however . 
  the readiness to call for ~ ~ material ~ ~ martial action on / r/europe is sometimes a little unsettling . 
  to clarify : not `` this subreddit in comparison to other subreddits '' , i do n't visit / r/russia often enough to be able to compare the two , but rather `` this subreddit in comparison to me '', 
  rekt ^ ( bet that 's an ikea article name too ), 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=i_23u047qta#t=26 ), 
  the polite version would be `` lol '' . 
  both of them :d, 
  i 'd say you better not sink it , the people aboard might be dumbfucks for joining the russian military , but they had orders to follow . 
  if somehow humanly possible , do n't kill them . 
   the attractive of women twice the age and the weight but 1,000 times richer and well connected is known , it 's nothing strange see them with young men in social gatherings . 
  where can i sign up for that ? 
  so people at the european parliament liked reading about how the entire internet thinks they 're useless ? 
  `` our torpedo got lost due to wrong maps , and because of a malfunctioning warhead it exploded when colliding with this unidentified submarine vehicle ... but that would n't be of any concern to you , russia , * would it * ? '', 
  i never watch tv , but on the internet i like the `` switch '' show . 
  parodies of all bigger german tv shows . 
  out of curiousity : what happens if they catch it ? 
  so without isds we would have some nuclear plants less ? 
  man that isds stuff sounds worse and worse by the hour . 
  thanks for answering my questions . 
  i do n't think there is much of a `` common sense '' ground on which vattenvall can sue . 
  the original phase out was agreed on in ~ 2002 , and most ( if not all ) big energy companies agreed to it then . 
  so the only assets they could sue for were the assets they invested into between 2009 ( when merkel was showing signs of abandoning the nuclear phase out ) or even 2010 , when the government agreed on a `` laufzeitverl\u00e4ngerung '' ( could n't find an accurate translation ) . 
  as i see it , they failed to prepare for the energiewende and are now trying to minimize their losses at germany 's expense . 
  you 're raising an interesting point . 
  can you tell me whether she could have declined joining that delegation ? 
  or would she have missed out on a raise in wage or esteem if she had done so ? 
  if not joining that delegation would n't have had any repercussions , she probably was n't all too committed to farage 's project . 
  you bring on a good example , but there 's also the other side : vattenfall is suing germany for 4.7 billion $ because of our nuclear phaseout ( is that term recognized in anglosaxian countries ? ) . 
  that 's because of the 2011 decision , which came only a year after german government decided to delay the phaseout deadline set in 2002 ( not too sure about that date ) . 
  regarding that example : that 's really fucked , did any of the scientists get fired for publishing misleading data ? 
   governments will have to make laws because they are good laws good for corporations , that is . 
  that 's not necessarily the same as good for the people , although you 're right that many european nations desperately need growth . 
  so `` my plot of land is better than yours '' - guys ca n't work with other `` my plot of land is better than yours '' - people ? 
  color me surprised . 
  how can i , as a consumer , recognize what mozzarella has been bought from farmers who mistreat their animals ? 
  that label they mention , i 've never seen it used . 
   i think isds is one that will make politicians more accountable i get how companies are more willing to invest where their assets are protected , but that one ? 
  how would that work ? 
  also , not everything that increases investments is better for the public . 
  running a million sweatshops sure as hell did n't increase living conditions in bangladesh . 
  important to mention that vattenfall did n't sue when the atomausstieg was declared for the first time . 
  i really do n't see the advantage to me , as a citizen . 
  and that 's what my government 's first and foremost concern should be , right ? 
   moreover , while the eurozone crisis has created more substantial problems in southern europe , the trade benefits derived from the single currency have been disproportionately larger in eurozone periphery states . 
  thank fucking god for that . 
  hope all the `` right '' people there ( and here ) see this . 
  i 'm a vegatarian and i could n't care less for the moral/nutritional implications of eating gelatine . 
  the way i see it is i help tidy up what is n't being used anyway . 
  no animal is being killed only to create gelatine . 
  do n't cry , come over with a ute and pick up some cases !, 
  ^ ( we need the tax money ), 
  k got any numbers on islamists ? 
  breivik killed almost 70 people by himself . 
  let 's research and fund energy storing options , then go heavy on renewables . 
  [ geneva conventions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geneva_conventions ), 
  from 2000 to 2011 , a [ german group of neonazis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) killed ten people , most of them immgrants who ran small businesses . 
  going by # of crimes committed ? 
  great . 
  now let 's talk about how much it 'll cost to get rid of the remnants . 
  i recently learned that there is n't even a real sop for tearing down old nuclear plants . 
  not even talking about getting rid of all the highly contaminated waste , just the tearing down . 
  nuclear 's gon na cause costs in centuries to come . 
  but the sun never sets in the british empire ... !, 
   edf gets 17 billion of loan guarantees , at near commercial rates ( blame the eu for that ) . 
  ie , they have to pay back said money , and the uk might actually make a profit of it as governments typically have very low rates . 
  i 'll make a guess here and say that half of those loans wo n't have to be paid back since the enterprise will run into some difficulties down the road , which will warrant a tax cut or deal . 
   energy prices are projected to rise significantly above this number . 
  in germany , prices at the market have actually been steadily declining . 
  it 's only consumers whose bills have been rising . 
  no idea about the uk 's market though . 
   austria has threatened to sue . 
  so far , it 's just hot air . 
  in addition , they do n't have much of a case . 
    literally , their argument is that nuclear is n't green energy . 
  actually , their argument is that you are n't allowed to help some specific company/plant . 
  there are examples for something like that being illegal , for example several cases of governments helping airports . 
   as of july 2014 , feed-in tariffs range from 3.33 ct/kwh ( 4.4 cents / kwh ) for hydropower facilities over 50 mw to 12.88 ct/kwh ( 17.3 cents / kwh ) for solar installations on buildings up to 30 kw and 19 ct/kwh ( 25.5 cents / kwh ) for offshore wind these are 1 ) not inflation compensated and 2 ) only guaranteed for 20 years . 
  plus , large amounts of that money goes to people rather than companies ( got no numbers on that ) . 
  i know as a matter of fact that none of the german nuclear power plants are able to withstand the impact of an airplane . 
  she can transform into a [ bagger 288 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azevfd4c6ow ) . 
  secret communist weapon developed in the ddr . 
  i 'd like to make a joke about bowmans having improved city defense , but then i realised that even in civ they would n't help against planes . 
   the eu can not have the same size cultural focal points as the us , because eu culture is more diverse by an order of magnitude , and there are significant cultural barriers to moving between eu countries . 
  was n't the us also a melting pot of dozens of nations in the beginning ? 
  i 'd like someone from the us to explain what made the difference there . 
  nice example of `` stuff that works because the rest of your economical environment is capitalist , but would fail miserably on a large scale '' . 
  there 's a joke about ukrainian forces probably being shit at shooting due to empire training methods , but i 'm too lazy to dig it out . 
  i totally read a book where a guy sniped grenades out of the sky . 
  a nuke 's a big grenade , right ?
