  yes , they still can . 
  however , i trust our journalists to make such a huge ruckus that it 'd be virtually impossible to do so * quietly * . 
  not saying germany is doing all it could do , but at least our government stopped a multi-million dollar deal . 
  russia tried to purchase a military training facility from rheinmetall ( the deal was sealed a few years back ) , and now ( beginning of august ) the government revoked permission for that deal . 
  if you want , i can try to find an english source . 
  ... which , of course , should exclude their citzens from travelling abroad . 
  i 'm not too fond of israel 's government - frankly , i think most of the un 's resolutions against israel are justified - but his way of talking about israeli people scares me . 
   french president francois hollande stressed that a failure by russia to reverse a flow of weapons and troops into eastern ukraine would force the bloc to impose new economic measures . 
  maybe even * gasp * stop selling them carriers ? 
  so he is n't being antisemitic , he 's only hating on israel . 
   and your analogy falls to pieces because the crimes of the state of israel is not the crimes of all jews . 
  i was n't talking about any crimes israel might or might not have committed . 
  i merely pointed out how much that guy sounds like a nazi . 
   `` we do n't want any israeli goods ; we do n't want any israeli services ; we do n't want any israeli academics coming to the university or the college ; we do n't even want any israeli tourists to come to bradford , even if any of them had thought of doing so . '', 
  replace bradford with berlin , and it could be a sentence from a 1936 german politician . 
  that 's actually an equally good point for destroying them ... 
  apparently most people involved in raping those girls were immigrants from mostly muslim countries . 
  / u/berberianlens seems to think this provides us with enough reason to take action against muslims . 
  although he does n't propose a course of action , i 'd be willing to bet his favourites would involve concentration camps for muslims and those who support them . 
  relavant username . 
  very good . 
  keep up that optimism , soldier !, 
  aw , sucks , sorry for blowing your cover . 
  imma do my patriotic duty and wo n't watch the 2018 wc in russia !, 
  ^ ( not like i was gon na watch it anyway ), 
  serious question : the russian forces are n't in the ukraine officially , what would have happened to those two had they been taken pow ? 
  i ca n't really imagine the russians would bring them to a detention camp in russia . 
  there 's no such thing as a `` right to secede '' . 
  so , basically , if we manage to make it too expensive for russia to occupy ukraine , they 'll drop that plan ? 
  as in , `` russia will lose material and soldiers worth billions of dollars on top of the billions of dollars they lose because of boycots '' ? 
  exactly . 
  show these violent primitive zealots how a developed , civilized country deals with its enemies !, 
  yea , i met my fair share of young greeks/italians/spanish people when i visited australia . 
  what about you ? 
  still holding out ? 
  getting lunatics like these off the streets is always a good thing . 
  imagine ... a world without borders . 
  no , a world where the borders are however far we can push our spaceships !, 
  they remind me of some recent book covers . 
  is that intentional ? 
   they will do everything they can to get ~ ~ whatever is left of their savings ~ ~ out of the country . 
  i 'm fairly certain this would trigger an exodus of greece 's youth . 
  even now , many young people with good education flee to countries with ( perceivedly ) better job opportunities . 
  that would be the last straw . 
   [ the russian ambassador ] mr churkin said he wanted to `` send a message to washington : stop interfering in the internal affairs of sovereign states . '' i broke down laughing/crying . 
  this translates to `` will you already stop critizising me raping ukraine !, 
  this interferes with my rights as a sovereign state ! '', 
  if you consume lactose/gluten-free products this goes to show your degenerate set of mind and you pose a threat on children . 
  you 're probably trying to turn them into lactose-intolerant weaklings !, 
   [ ... ] the feeling that europe is in a bubble , disconnected from the rest of the world , from the conflicts around it [ ... ] so what are we supposed to do ? 
  claim a sphere of influence , like russia ? 
  intervene in countries when a government emerges which is not in accordance with our goals ? 
  i do understand and support europe 's need to become a more active actor , but we should be careful when going down that road . 
  so , as long as nato limits the war to pushing russian forces back behind their borders , everything 's fine ? 
  neat analysis . 
  of course , noone in general wants to start an open war with russia . 
  i 'm not sure how many nuclear weapons were destroyed so far , but last time i checked , we still could flatten our earth about one and a half times . 
  what i 've always wondered : why did we spend a few million euros on stuff like the [ sar-lupe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sar-lupe ) , and now can not get clear aerial images of the russian troos ? 
  as in , numbers , types , supply lines and destination ? 
  have n't they started that yet ? 
  i thought i had read something along those lines . 
  but it * is * the eu 's job to assure all members of the eu abide by our common standards of democracy and freedom . 
  uh ... afraid so , yea . 
  still , you would choose a form of government for yourself , would you ? 
  how 's that not democracy on a meta-level ? 
  technocracy ? 
  that would n't end well . 
  first , on short term , the tech-savy would approach any problem with a technical solution , completely forgoing the social issues underlying . 
  on the long run , exactly the same people who would pursue a political career today would go into technology to gain power . 
  soon petty rivalries and intrigues would hinder the progress of science . 
  mixing politics and science does n't make politics better , it only makes science worse . 
  still , not in my neighborhood . 
  there 's plenty of african countries with one strong man at the top of the foodchain , censorship in the media , sealed-off economy and racial as well as sexual discrimination . 
  we do n't really need another one of those in europe . 
  out of interest , on what base do you justify authority ? 
  i personally subject myself willingly to the authority of a government i have elected , as long as it does n't overstep the borders set by the grundgesetz . 
  it 's practically common knowledge that while autoritarian forms of government come to decisions quickly , it 's usually democratically agreed on procedures that gain long-term acceptance . 
  for example , while germany does n't manage to push through any bigger projects , china took away the homes of thousands people to build their dam . 
  on the other hand , germans are quite content with the plan for the energiewende ( just not the costs ) , while the deported chinese people would probably like to slit the next government official 's throat . 
  problem is that orb\u00e1n is n't the only guy with a thing for ~ ~ totaliarism ~ ~ totalitarianism ( i 'll admit i had to look it up ) . 
  the `` hive-mind '' , as you call the eu , is the exact goal of franche 's fn , erdogan 's turkey , and putin 's russia . 
  autoritarian regimes are on the raise again , and there 's no telling what happens to this continent if we do n't stop it early . 
  edit : fixed totaliarism , but what 's wrong about orb\u00e1n ? 
  yea , but we do n't mine that stuff in germany . 
  but as this article says , there 's plenty of countries delivering it . 
  now that 's news . 
  i was referring to a petition to build a grid which was dejected in , iirc , 2011 . 
  but good to hear they 're pushing through with these projects instead !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  wait , let me try to wrap my head around that . 
  these people claim to be in the tradition of anti-communist fighters ( `` the white guard '' ) . 
  yet they fight what they perceive as a `` fascist dictatorship '' in kiev ( which , as it happens , has announced national elections in a few months time ) . 
  this also complies with the agenda of putin , an ex-kgb man who more or less openly tries to restore the sovjet union . 
  these guys really need to lay off the drugs . 
  i was so angry when our government chancelled the plans for a submarine power lane to norway . 
  if you 're sitting on a very small batch of land , which will become even smaller due to rising water levels , you want to avoid ** any ** kind of earth movements . 
  where do we get our uranium from ? 
  i did a quick search , but it only said that most of the world 's uranium is from canada , kazakhstand and australia . 
  nothing about germany 's supplier . 
  not yet but once russia pulls the leash tighter , it 'll be .
