  they 're actually going to benefit from it this time around !, 
  wo n't matter when we get the fuck out of europe anyway, 
  because our use of roads is paid for by our car tax , once a year per car . 
  rather than pay as you go , you pay and use as much as you like . 
  also , why is it a silly system ? 
  it is just another way of doing it . 
  what we should do is introduce a daily rate that foreign motors can pay on arrival . 
  job done . 
  i think another fact is that countries like france have toll roads ? 
  ( i could be wrong here so please correct me if i am ) . 
  uk roads have no such thing ( except the m6 toll , which is a private road ) all vehicle tax is paid for by individual car so where as our lorry drivers have to pay french toll roads , french drivers do n't have to pay anything here . 
  i have a huge head , so i infact welcome zika in an attempt to shrink it . 
  that 's because it was sold to the uk as the common market and not a political union . 
  if it was sold to the uk as a political union with the objective being a federal state - we would n't have joined . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i said it highlights the problems of the euro . 
  slowed it down a little ? 
  we basically have schengen but with the added advantage of not allowing any illegals in . 
  we also know where everyone is who comes in or out . 
  all you have to do is look at the problems of greece to see the problems of the euro . 
  a country needs full control of their currency , which they do not . 
  why has it not been extremely beneficial ? 
  the euro has been a load of crap in recent times and not having schengen stops us having the europe immigrant problem ... 
  i was in timisoara last week on a business trip i thought it was great . 
  i 'm not sure how it is compared to the rest of the country but i do n't think it 's as poor as some people expect . 
  really ? 
  i 'd expect them to progress more without us to be honest . 
  what will bring the eu down is the refugee crisis if anything . 
  or if we leave and prosper as a result , more countries will follow . 
  not that large of a hit ? 
  the uk economy is the 5th largest in the world and the fastest growing developing economy . 
  the eu is currently the biggest economy in the world and it would n't be without the uk . 
  no probably not . 
  but at least i do n't tweet responses at a later date like corbyn . 
  he is an embarrassment . 
  what a fantastic way of killing the joke . 
  no i would n't . 
  all he had to do is laugh and make a joke back . 
  `` i 'm sorry , i do n't get the chance to meet people as many people as i would like because do n't get invited to the annual spitroast . '', 
  would have shut them all up . 
  the sooner labour get rid of him and become a proper opposition the better . 
  it was n't just the joke . 
  it was the fact corbyn looked like a rabbit in the headlights . 
  the bloke is a buffoon . 
  i 'm not speaking for myself . 
  i 'm speaking for the working public . 
  but personally , them having the family here would be better than the example i gave due to them settling here . 
  their child will become uk citizen and contribute in the future etc, 
  when you work in the uk you can get a child benefit . 
  this is a payment from the government to every family with a child . 
  this is intended to be spent solely on the child - such as if they need a new pair of shoes for school for instance . 
  what annoys us in the uk is that when the child is still a resident in the works home country they still receive this benefit . 
  if the child was here in the uk too it would n't be so much of a problem - but it 's this sort of loopholes that annoy the british public . 
  i 'm starting to think leaving the eu but becoming a part of efta is the way to go . 
  we get the single market the majority want and the eu does n't have a bad tenant anymore . 
  we can be a good neighbour and hopefully shut everyone up . 
  if we stay in the eu we wo n't jump in 2 feet first like we should . 
  6 months ago i was extremely pro eu but as time goes on i 'm finding myself going the other way . 
  what gets me is europe 's inability to do anything once something happens - the refugees still storming the place should have been sorted long long ago . 
  but europe is still squabbling , it will destroy the union from the inside if it gets left much longer . 
  but they will have to pay for infrastructure such as cell towers for their service . 
  as roaming uses other providers towers they wo n't have the high costs of establishing themselves into a new market . 
  you 're really getting on my tits.how will i have less choice ?!, 
  you have n't explained this to me . 
  the eu will lift the barrier of networks charging for usage in different countries . 
  this will allow me to choose a different provider for my service because they ca n't charge me more for using their service when i am not in the country they are registered in . 
  the more expensive countries will have to reduce their prices to compete with others !, 
  i ca n't make it any more plainer than this !, 
  and i 'll have more choice from mid 2017 . 
  why are you so fixated on people travelling abroad ?!, 
  look , you 're really eating into my time by going around in circles and i 'm just repeating myself now . 
  single market = more competition which = lower prices for consumers . 
  come back when you have a valid argument . 
  i could theoretically make my supermarket bill cheaper if i went to a country with lower prices . 
  but i ca n't do this as flying out there outweighs the saving benefits . 
  you never answered my question . 
  where is this cheaper sim card that i can buy which competes over here in the uk ? 
  i do n't ? 
  right for arguments sake these sim cards offer unlimited minutes , texts and data . 
  in he uk this is # 30 p/m . 
  in estonia for # 10 p/m ( i 'm plucking prices out of thin air here ) . 
  in the current situation i will be charged for usage outside my country . 
  i can not take advantage of the estonian sim card because their allowances do n't apply abroad and vice-versa . 
  in mid 2017 this all changes . 
  i will then be able to buy the estonian sim card and bring it back home taking advantage of the unlimited texts/calls/data without any extra charge and i save # 20 p/m compared to my domestic deal . . 
  this can not happen at the moment . 
  please show me this competition that will work out cheaper than i can get at home because i 'll sign up to it tonight . 
  i 'm really trying refrain from any personal attacks here but we are now going around in circles and i 'm beginning to think you 're stupid . 
  i 'm not talking about going abroad . 
  i 'm talking about in a few years time taking a sim card from another country to use domestically as they are cheaper than the networks we have at home . 
  the networks at home will have to reduce their prices to compete as there is more competition . 
  this measure enlarges the consumers choice and the networks available customers they can sell to . 
  you 've just proven me correct ? 
  how the bloody hell does it do that - enlighten me ? 
  it gives me more choice by choosing other telecoms providers in other eu countries . 
  but they will be required to not charge for roaming , thus creating a single market for mobile telecoms . 
  the single market is all that the uk truly wants form europe anyway so i do n't see why you 're arguing . 
  i 'm going to assume you 're missing the point i 'm making purpose as you do n't have a valid argument . 
  but if i sign up for that sim card in austria i will have to pay extra and will not be able to use my inclusive data/minutes/texts . 
  having the one market means i would .
