  how can you not see this ?!, 
  a quick search in estonia for example offers $ 12 for 20gb for a month on a payg plan . 
  where in the uk can i get this amount of data for # 10 ? 
  how is there a single market for mobile phones ?!, 
  i ca n't just call up a network in lets say austria and sign up to a sim only deal !, 
  networks will tie up with others abroad and share their infrastructure . 
  instead of the 4 ( soon to be 3 ) networks i can choose in the uk i will get the choice of the whole eu . 
  more competition = lesser prices . 
  it 's not just about travelling though . 
  it 's about getting a single mobile market for the europe . 
  so instead of getting a uk market , german market , italy market etc there will be just one - an eu market . 
  the only negative issue i can see from the article is from a ukip mp . 
  what this does for the eu provide a pathway to setup a single market , providing more competition and deals between the mobile networks . 
  you 'll be able to get a sim card from countries where prices are much cheaper which in turn will bring uk prices down . 
  they are making roaming charges free completely . 
  read the article - it comes into force mid 2017 . 
  and apart of that being the best in the world is because we have free travel within the eu . 
  also , i do n't need a visa to buy a property in germany or go and work in italy - i love that we have that freedom without any paperwork . 
  the eu has made mobile charges cheaper ... http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/oct/27/europe-abolishes-mobile-phone-roaming-charges if you used your mobile a week abroad it used to cost hundreds !, 
  also , the government wants to cancel the european rights to introduce a `` british bill of rights '' because they ca n't change the law to their own agenda . 
  i think you 've just made my mind up to stay in kind sir . 
  just for the absolute bollocks your spouting . 
  nope , but it will mean me filling a fuck ton of paperwork out . 
  everyone moans about the eu making laws that we do n't have a say in but the way i see it - human rights , cheap mobile phone internet ( compared to the old charges ) and work laws etc are all because of the eu . 
  i 'm not on a bad wage and i looked at my tax form this year . 
  out of all the taxes i paid # 48 went to the eu - a well worthwhile price for me being able travel to any country . 
  the only thing that pisses me off about the eu is the indecisiveness of solving problems . 
  russia is a regional power . 
  i had always considered a blue water navy to have global power projection but it turns out there are multiple ranks of this according to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue-water_navy * usa is rank 1 as they can do multiple global operations . 
  * france and the uk are rank 2 as they have the capability of one global operation . 
  * india , russia , italy , spain & brazil can project power into regions next to their own . 
  it wo n't be long before china joins the uk and france either . 
  there are 3 military powers in the world which can project power over the entire world with a blue water navy . 
  of which britain and france are 2 . 
  obviously not or every country would try and make themselves self sufficient . 
  i always read that we ca n't do trade deals on our own terms but i do n't understand it . 
  like recently when china came over and we were doing deals with them - why were we allowed to do that if we could n't do our own deals ? 
  salaries are only high in london . 
  the rest of the country is much lower . 
  or just burn it to the ground !, 
  i 've copied and pasted this from the bbc website - economic governance : securing an explicit recognition that the euro is not the only currency of the european union , to ensure countries outside the eurozone are not materially disadvantaged . 
  the uk wants safeguards that steps to further financial union can not be imposed on non-eurozone members and the uk will not have to contribute to eurozone bailouts . 
  ** i would think this is fair enough and a realistic goal . 
  ** competitiveness : setting a target for the reduction of the `` burden '' of excessive regulation and extending the single market ** not too bothered which way this goes to be honest . 
  ** immigration : restricting access to in-work and out-of-work benefits to eu migrants . 
  specifically , ministers want to stop those coming to the uk from claiming certain benefits until they have been resident for four years . 
  minsters have reportedly been warned by the uk 's top civil servant this could be discriminatory and any limits may be reduced to less than a year ** 4 years is a bit too much to be fair . 
  eu migrants come here to work , i do n't think hardly any come to claim benefits ( although admittedly i do n't know the numbers ) . 
  this seems to be the biggest thing cameron is going for and i think as long as he can claim some sort of victory here ( even if nothing changes ! ), 
  that 'll be enough to keep us in the eu . 
  ** sovereignty : allowing britain to opt out from the eu 's founding ambition to forge an `` ever closer union '' of the peoples of europe so it will not be drawn into further political integration . 
  giving greater powers to national parliaments to block eu legislation . 
  ** another biggy for cameron . 
  the problem is here , is that the uk does not want to be a part of the eu project . 
  if the uk could just access the single market ( and be a key decision maker in this area ) and not be involved in anything else the eu does ( and also not get any of the benefits ) then that would be perfect for us . 
  to be fair i do n't even care what the change is !, 
  but the ability of the wider eu to negotiate with a particular nation 's concerns . 
  the eu does a hell of a lot of good for our country , but i 'd rather it do a bit worse than being forced to do things we do n't want to do . 
  i was always pro eu but even i recently have been pondering voting to leave . 
  i think if cameron gets a good compromise i 'll vote to stay but if nothing changes i 'll vote no due to the unwillingness to negotiate . 
  most likely the vehicles are anpr cameras for number plates and not cctv vehicles . 
  the odd time i 've seen a cctv vehicle is on a police van when drinking on a nighttime . 
  it says on the side it has cctv and it is there to stop any anti social behaviour . 
  i would probably do this you know !, 
  or pay an extra tax to retain my citizenship if it was offered . 
  i would gladly pay an extra fee or tax to retain my eu citizenship . 
  i would n't want to freeload for the extra benefits i get . 
  i absolutely love boris . 
  he 's purposely trolling and it 's beautiful . 
  it 's called negotiation . 
  start high , finish lower . 
  have you ever been to netherlands ? 
  trance music is everywhere !, 
  oh yes !, 
  still probably the most popular trance dj . 
  tiesto left the genre a while ago . 
  because he has the personality of a wet lettuce . 
  that and the whole diana thing . 
  or maybe the scots should have got off their arse and voted ? 
  i was in favour of staying in the eu but having an eu army ? 
  no thank you . 
  and in the end the uk could just veto it could n't we ? 
  too low my arse . 
  bet you 're a corbyn follower an all . 
  maybe if they did everything legally they 'd get a bit more sympathy from me . 
  why ? 
  be better for everyone involved . 
  they do n't get their shit lives anymore and they are no longer ours or france 's problem . 
  agreed . 
  solitary confinement will soon getting them yelping . 
  just what the illegal rats deserve . 
  it probably hurt the remain campaign than helped to be fair !, 
  agreed . 
  i think you 'll see the uk getting closer to the us , canada , new zealand and australia . 
  he was n't on about murdoch . 
  he was on about the general population . 
  i was pro-eu and voted remain but obama coming in and telling us how to vote did annoy me . 
  if you 're going to tell a brit to do something , we 're going to do the opposite . 
  it 's why merkel and juncker did n't get involved at the request of cameron . 
  so much salt in this thread .
