cheap beer !, 
  i also had one of the best steaks i 've ever had for about 16 lev . 
  that was an absolute bargain !, 
  1 step back to take 2 forward . 
  we now have the freedom to spend because of the cuts . 
  good point ... 
  guess i do n't know the first thing about actually living there !, 
  i 'll swap you my uk citizenship for your dutch citizenship ? 
  i love your country !, 
  we are doing well because we cut spending and are now seeing the fruits of that labour . 
  france could have been the same position as us if they cut . 
  but they did n't - thus going the other way and are seeing a reward for it because they 're doing shite . 
  if killing the puppies resulted in me getting more money back in a rebate but charged you more for not killing puppies ... would that matter ? 
  the way this is being portrayed in the media is that we 've suddenly got a demand for # 1.7 billion no other than the reason `` you 're doing better then everybody else '' . 
  especially when france have constantly ignored budget rules , kept their spending high and are basically getting `` rewarded '' for it . 
  we will never be apart of the great eu experiment or federal eu . 
  so we should do everyone a favour ( including ourselves ) to walk out the exit door . 
  what about france 's constant ignorance of the budget rules set in place ? 
  and in turn getting this rebate because of it when our country has tightened it 's belt buckle ? 
  yes . 
  yes i would . 
  this bill seems to have suddenly changed due to the gdp calculations recently . 
  i 'd tell the eu no fuck off and stick that 1.7 billion into our nhs . 
  today is the day the uk set on it 's path to leaving the eu . 
  i 'm pro eu but jesus christ , this is making me think i was very wrong . 
  if there was a referendum today - i 'd vote out !, 
  i just wish we were either in and a helpful member or out and we can carry on our own merry way . 
  the current situation of us pulling the other way ca n't keep going on . 
  unfortunately not !, 
  basic german , but that 's about it !, 
  my job title is `` it consultant '' , working within a small company i do a bit of everything - java/android development , database ( oracle ) admin , linux server admin and 2nd line it support while dabbling in a bit of php/javascript !, 
  i also hold a computer science degree . 
   they story is about to change : it is about to become the terrible impact that such a massive braindrain will have on the spanish economy for many years to come i 'd gladly move down to spain if the opportunity arose !, 
  i thought it was so you did n't have to stick a sticker on the back of your car when you 're driving within a different country . 
  but the eu law was judged to be illegal and was against our rights was it not ? 
  why is it being rushed through ? 
  i do n't see any sort of emergency ... 
  impossible as they do n't have enough candidates to even form a government . 
  we do n't even get a say at the moment . 
  who do we vote for ?!, 
  the big 3 are all for this !, 
  read further up , it 's been bought i 'm because the eu removed the obligation of companies to keep the data . 
  sadly our people just do n't care . 
  and deputy pm nick clegg should be standing against this . 
  spineless scumbag . 
  and we 've basically made this law to get around it . 
  it 's an absolute joke and should n't be allowed . 
  stuff like this is why i 'd love to be apart of a federal europe . 
  no retarded shit like this, 
  the uk and france could easily do the jobs you mentioned if you come to it ... 
  thank you mate !, 
  thanks buddy !, 
  i 'm coming on holiday on sunday - i was just going to use my card in the cash machines but would i be better getting cash here ? 
  i 'd much prefer to be apart of europe if i am perfectly honest . 
  london is one of 3 main financial centres - the other 2 being new york and shanghai . 
  it became one because of europe , not because of london/uk - if we leave , so will they . 
  same goes for car factories etc - toyota in derby & nissan in sunderland for example - they 'll simply relocate into mainland europe . 
  we are a tiny island . 
  we get favourable trade deals because of europe and its size . 
  countries will not care about doing deals with the tiny island next to europe . 
  they 'd rather make good deals with the big fuckoff continent next door . 
  if the unimaginable happens and we leave the eu - i just hope i can somehow become a eu citizen . 
  i best get learning german ... 
  far from it buddy . 
  ... seriously ? 
  we 're going to be the fastest growing western economy . 
  the growth will get rid of the debt . 
  we are one of the safest countries to put money into at the moment and this wo n't be changing for the foreseeable future . 
  cameron has shot himself in the foot though ... 
  i would n't have even heard of juncker if he did n't start crying about him . 
  it 's obvious juncker is going to be president , but now cameron is going to look foolish after losing a fight he did n't need to be in . 
  we 're americas bridge to europe so to speak so that 's why they 'd prefer us in there . 
  but that was n't my argument . 
  i never mentioned what america would want ... 
  i 'd prefer to be within the `` united states of europe '' but i 'm sick of going into everything half arsed . 
  we 'll either become a big player within europe or americas bitch . 
  i 'd much prefer the former . 
  back in 94 i think ? 
  ukraine , russia , uk and us signed a treaty in exchange for them giving up their nuclear weapons . 
  `` italian pm matteo renzi said greek pm alexis tsipras was acting in good faith to provide sensible proposals to stave off the debt crisis . '', 
  from - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-33437797 the noises coming out after today are starting to become positive . 
  after the last couple of days of greece looking a certainty to leave i no longer think that 's the case . 
  i actually trust the eu politicians rather than he ones back home . 
  i 'd be on the first flight to germany if we ever decide to leave . 
  if that 's how it gets put across to britain , we 'll end up leaving - which the eu would really not want to happen . 
  cameron has basically backed down on closing the borders as it is n't possible . 
  instead he 's going for the out of work benefits etc immigrants can claim by increasing time frames that migrants can claim on etc. 
  in my book out of work benefits etc should be paid for by the source nation rather than the nation that person currently resides in - it would solve all these issues a lot of british have . 
  australia did it and it seemed to work for them . 
  fully agree with you !, 
  the anti-eu side has a louder voice . 
  for a start , cameron only promised a referendum if he got a majority - which wo n't happen . 
  we 'll be in the eu for a long time to come , so no point in worrying about it . 
  i reckon it will . 
  the eu have set out their stall everyone knows that freedom of movement wo n't change . 
  we 'll have our referendum ( or not if labour get in ) and we 'll end up staying . 
  i do n't blame him for wanting us to leave . 
  sometimes i think myself if we should stop being a bad tenant and start being only a good neighbour . 
  i 'd hate us to leave but sometimes i think we hold the eu back quite a bit . 
  well luckily for the lib dems the fptp vote did n't go their way .
