  * just ( as in righteous or equitable ) russia . 
  left-centric social democrats . 
  tried to merge with communists , but got rejected . 
  by most accounts if communists got their shit together and made and executed a coherent program - just russia would become obsolete stop existing . 
  none . 
  he is supported by the united russia party , but he 's not a member . 
   russia change its name for `` russian empire '' thanks but no thanks . 
  our liberal democratic party already wants to restore monarchy and they are all total lunatics . 
  next us elections will be decided by a katana-based battle royale . 
  do eeeeeet !!, 
  [ and now merkel blames the russians too ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/08/russian-cyber-attacks-could-influence-german-election-says-merkel ) . 
  what did he do ? 
  do n't forget , russia is a regional power with crumbling economy that is also manipulating governments in every single country on the planet - from us to uk to montenegro to georgia . 
  practically every day he 's posting about evil russia and ukraina stronk . 
  do n't bother . 
  oh , so the current government of ukraine is a corrupt mess after all ? 
  it 's not russian lies ? 
  i do n't think it 's even about saakashvili failing at his job . 
  he 's publically spoken out against poroshenko multiple times , so now he 's being pushed out . 
   `` we do n't have any evidence that the state of russia is involved in any sense ... but we have evidence that two nationalists from russia were organizers , '' katnic told reporters . 
  i mean , germany could have built some nuclear reactors , perhaps even together with russia . 
  but it decided not to . 
  so they only have themselves to blame for trying to abuse the system . 
   thus i 'd have to ponder whether i want to go vote and lose or avoid voting and win . 
  low voting turnout bar is needed precisely to stop that kind of system abuse , where the losing side decides to flip the table instead of voting and losing . 
  russian embassy in uk twitter account is embarrassing ... 
  clearly russia should have let ukraine steal more gas , amirite ? 
  it had 300k view in a year . 
  if this is n't a failure for a 15 year old millionaire - i do n't know what is . 
   i would say that his weekly videos and photos they are not weekly . 
  hyperbole does n't help your case . 
   not to mention that memes about him are illegal in russia . 
  the only case of someone being arrested for offending putin [ happened in poland ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/6498297.stm ) . 
  believe it or not , but most countries in the world have laws against offending the government members , and unlike russia - some of them even used those laws . 
   oh and how about numerous songs about how great and strong is putin ? 
  most of those are from the very early 2000s . 
  the only popular one i 'm aware of is `` the one like putin '' is literally from 2000 . 
  i would say that `` putin = russia '' meme is pushed by the western media much more than by russian internal media . 
  eeeh , the merits of leviathan are questionable , considering the story it 's based on actually happened in the us . 
  people mostly say `` hollywood is producing a superhero movie '' , but since europe lacks hollywood equialent ... 
  authentic grassroots movement that 's being funded by a foreign country ? 
  the actual article is horrifying . 
  forget about russia and re-read the last paragraph and everything said about un . 
  it 's a literal call to turn un into an echo chamber that only listens to one faction - us and its allies . 
   russia also poisons the international system in small ways . 
  it continues to support kirsan ilyumzhinov as head of the international chess federation , * despite his chummy visits to rogue states like north korea and iran * . 
  what ?? 
  [ unian has already backtracked on that message ] ( http://economics.unian.net/agro/1566646-v-oon-utochnili-svoe-soobschenie-ukraina-ne-lider-po-eksportu-muki.html ) . 
  my guess would be that there is no desire to renew the agreement . 
   first part - citation needed . 
  sure , just open the article . 
   in april , mr putin said the us was failing to fulfil its obligations to destroy plutonium . 
  instead , he argued , the us reprocessing method allowed plutonium to be extracted and used again in nuclear weapons . 
  the sanctions have a beneficial effect , as the cut-off from the foreign market forces a development of internal suppliers . 
  that 's good . 
  but that does n't mean the economy does n't take damage in the process . 
  why do you expect russian duma bills to be in something other than russian ? 
   this is all just an escalation of the syrian conflict . 
  read the article again , it 's a continuation * from april *  in april , mr putin said the us was failing to fulfil its obligations to destroy plutonium . 
  instead , he argued , the us reprocessing method allowed plutonium to be extracted and used again in nuclear weapons . 
  so , russia and us have an agreement to dispose of 34 tons of weapons-grade plutonium each , and russia claims us is cheating :  in april , mr putin said the us was failing to fulfil its obligations to destroy plutonium . 
  instead , he argued , the us reprocessing method allowed plutonium to be extracted and used again in nuclear weapons . 
  this is a power play how ? 
  also why does this article stop talking about 2000 deal to give two paragraphs on syria and get back to 2000 deal again ? 
  things can be beneficial and still cause damage , you know ? 
   in europe as opposed to narnia where those issues have already been solved ? 
  to be fair , if i was 13 i 'd probably think that a `` tank bed '' is rad as hell . 
  well geeze , i guess everyone needs to party exclusively with tea and orchestra music . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  adidas brought sports clothing to ussr by snagging a partnership with the regime for moscow olympics , and sports clothing is pretty damn comfortable . 
  but german factories were n't making anywhere near enough adidas clothes to cover the entirety of ussr , so business-minded people began making knock-offs and selling them for lower price than the real adidas , making them both comfortable and accessible . 
  `` abibas '' became a coloquialism for brand knock-offs . 
  putin has stated publically that whoever does n't miss ussr has no heart , whoever wants it back has no mind . 
  that does n't quite gel with your narrative . 
  do n't we have a rule against title editorialization here ? 
  to catch the jet if it falls , comrade !, 
  because we care !, 
  observers have the right to be present during the ballot processing . 
  this is parliamentary elections , not presidential . 
   what kind of transparence does your current voting system have ? 
  web cameras on every voting station plus party affiliated and independent observers . 
   on these elections most of them were removed . 
  source ? 
  no , i believe there 'll be a repeat voting . 
   they hired him in the first place not quite . 
  he was a freelance journalist and rt was buying his reports . 
  if wikipedia is saying the truth , then phillips has n't been employed by rt since march 2015 . 
  it 's worth noting that the original article by kommersant does not mention kgb anywhere in its text . 
  saying that reorganisation of various government agencies into a ministry is `` basically kgb '' is your standard themoscowtimes sensationalism . 
   banning foreigners , foreigner related groups and anything suspected to be potentially connected to foreigners or anyone else who does n't slavisly toes the party line of the people in power none of which is part of the russian law on foreign agents . 
  it looks like people on reddit would piss themselves with joy if their countries had the foreign agents law like russia does . 
  well before that communism was brutally suppressed and [ criminalised ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_control_act_of_1954 ) . 
   it 's almost threatening russia to not leak more files or else no shit . 
  ria novosty right now is a brand which passed to ria 's successor , international news agency `` rossiya segodnia '' , while tv channel rt ( aka russia today ) separated and is now its own independent entity . 
   anyway , in russia if something big and public is private-owned , it does n't mean that it is n't de-facto controlled by the government . 
  which still would n't make it state-owned . 
  sputnik is state-owned . 
  russia today is n't . 
  and yeah , mediaholding ria novosti and news agency ria novosty are not the same thing . 
  `` ria novosti '' right now is a brand owned by the international news agency `` rossiya segodnia '' ( russia today ) which is not the same thing as the tv channel russia today ( which is technically called just rt and not russia today ) .
