  the resolution is just the start of the process . 
  you know russia is not the only country in the world ? 
  i was talking about eu using its economy as a tool , not about eu using its economy against russia specifically . 
   but they are just rumours , there are no proofs , and even if there are , then fsb does n't disclose them for some reason . 
  usaid 's ban had vague words like `` suspicious activity in caucasus '' included . 
   how much influence did the us government have in influencing the region ? 
  http://www.infowars.com/tamerlan-tsarnaevs-links-to-cia-operations-in-caucasus/ usaid is banned in russia because they were funding terrorists . 
   did eu do that before ukraine ? 
  yes . 
  eu applied sanctions against iran , sudan , zimbabwe , for example . 
  yes . 
  iran is not currently under sanctions and is still connected to swift . 
  good guy yurop would never think about using its economy to pressure countries . 
   first and foremost , a country 's politicians and services are designed to serve for that country and its interests . 
  this is the problem . 
  if ambassador john knows that minister of economy johan bones children on sundays , or even that johan has a secret pension stash in zurich , john can put pressure on johan and force decisions that favor john 's country at the expense of johan 's country . 
  meaning that minister johan is no longer acting in the interests of his country . 
  because this means that us had a major leverage in its international relationships with germany . 
  of course !, 
  the nsa was a russian job !, 
  how could we have been so blind ?!, 
  le sigh ... 
  so , where are the big headlines `` german spies caught in us '' , `` netherlands caught tapping barak obama 's phone '' ? 
  are german spies just that good ? 
  and europe was n't using trade as a political tool against russia . 
  no one but russia ever ever uses trade as a political tool . 
  nope . 
  [ original article at the times is behind the paywall . 
  ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/world/europe/article4501610.ece ), 
  i know what twarog is , but i refuse to accept it as cheese . 
  it 's nothing like cheese !, 
  they promised to do it when they are finished , in autumn , no ? 
   twar\u00f3g that 's not a real cheese  _ < but it is produced in russia . 
  twarog is pretty popular . 
   indeed , aleksandr solzhenitsyn , the literary giant who wrote harrowingly about the soviet gulag system , claimed the true number of stalin 's victims might have been as high as 60 million . 
  they are giving solzhenitsyn as a credible source . 
  solzhenitsyn is a fiction writer who hated communism and left the country as soon as he could . 
  solzhenitsyn claimed that there were more than 15 million people forcibly relocated during the collectivization . 
  he was caught using wehrmacht 's propaganda as a source . 
  all of the nope to solzhenitsyn . 
   medevedev 's grim bookkeeping included the following tragic episodes : 1 million imprisoned or exiled between 1927 to 1929 ; 9 to 11 million peasants forced off their lands and another 2 to 3 million peasants arrested or exiled in the mass collectivization program ; 6 to 7 million killed by an artificial famine in 1932-1934 ; 1 million exiled from moscow and leningrad in 1935 ; 1 million executed during the '' great terror '' of 1937-1938 ; 4 to 6 million dispatched to forced labor camps ; 10 to 12 million people forcibly relocated during world war ii ; and at least 1 million arrested for various `` political crimes '' from 1946 to 1953 . 
  so , every single one of those people died ? 
  all the displaced and arrested ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  gaidar 's daughter is now a ukrainian politician :p, 
  you might as well say `` french revolution was a bloody affair and made everything worse . '', 
   killed tens of millions of people facepalm.jpg population of ussr was 147 mil in 1926 , 209 mil in 1959 , 287 mil in 1989 . 
  between 1921 and 1954 642.980 people were sentenced to death ( although not all of them were actually executed , some were given life sentence in prison ) , 2.369.220 were sentenced to prison , 765.180 were sentenced to exile to siberia and other fun places . 
  that 's by official documents made under khrustchev . 
  this can be cross-referenced with other existing information , like gulag 's populations . 
  so , unless the bloody communists after stalin managed to kill tens of millions of people , what you are saying is an anti-communist bullshit . 
   granted things only get worse with each one . 
  like when russia had a communist revolution and suddenly became a world power once again and modernised its industry . 
  or when russia had an anti-communist revolution and managed to fix its economy . 
  you 'd think that her being a former deputy governor in kirov oblast , as well as her being under investigation for a hit-and-run and theft ( while working in navalny 's company ) would be more important than her being an ex-pm 's daughter . 
  but apparently it is n't . 
  not really , because of the whole `` ussr fell apart '' thing . 
  well , it is pretty close to the middle of europe . 
  that title could use some work , bloomberg . 
  sooooo , italians hate russia because of the sanctions italians put on russia ? 
  advocating murder . 
  what a guy !, 
  because you need a large open area to summon the spirit bomb . 
  in like an actual moscow . 
   tajikistan , uzbekistan ~ ~ both of those are separate countries , not part of russia  ~ ~ russia 's biggest muslim regions are chechnia and ichkeria . 
  edit : i misread . 
  the problem is with killing animals out in the open , not with eating them . 
  [ argumenti i facti sheds some light on the issue ] ( http://www.aif.ru/society/history/boynya_pri_gryunvalde_ishod_bitvy_polyakov_i_nemcev_reshila_stoykost_russkih ) . 
  the article is long and includes history of the conflict , so i 'll only translate the part about russians . 
   at the end of may 1410 in grodno began the gathering of polish-lithuanian troops . 
  the army consisted of 91 `` horugv ' '' ( regiment ) , out of which 51 were polish and 40 lithuanian . 
   7 polish and 36 lithuanian regiments were comming from russian areas - in modern understanding , territories of russia , ukraine and belorus . 
   there is no precise data about troop composition . 
  the estimate of polish-lithuanian army varies from 16 to 39 thousand men . 
  teutonic order - from 11 to 27 thousand . 
  however , the order 's troops were considered more capable . 
  ah , of course , the protest was a fsb job !, 
  how did i not realise that . 
   before being incorporated into lithuania . 
  i agree that the wording is retarded . 
  not counting atheists , muslims are the second largest religious group in russia , about 12 million of them . 
   had to check the bags to make sure no one hid in them to cushion the fall . 
  it 's pretty clear from the video that they are looking for ids , asshole . 
  both poland and lithuania are mentioned on that page . 
  in 15th century smolensk was ruled by moscow , before being incorporated into lithuania . 
   a ) do you know the reaction of non-muslim russians ? 
  i do n't , personally . 
  mostly an annoyance at the complication of the traffic . 
  moscow 's traffic is already terrible , and this makes it worse . 
  a few years ago there was a dispute over muslims killing live sheep during a celebration , but i do n't remember how it ended . 
   donbas and crimea `` and '' ? 
  one is part of russia , one is part of ukraine . 
  if those nationalists were advocating that all germans should gtfo to germany , then probably yes . 
   now , when i only see igor , svetlana and yelena flying russian/soviet flags there , wearing those colorado beetle ribbons and putting red carnations ( by far the most popular soviet flower ) , it 's really not about us , now is it ? 
  it 's about foreigners celebrating foreign stuff in foreign language . 
  i do n't want this in my country , not only is this foreign but also very negative to baltics . 
  in such case , i really would want to see that disappear . 
  and here we come to the crux of the issue - * you are a nationalist and you do n't like ` those other people ' * . 
  most likely because soviet government also did many positive things , but you should really ask the people who are upset , not me . 
  that 's like saying `` russian gays can move to us if they have a problem with russia . '',
