   but why bring a dog to a meeting between the two country leaders in the first place ? 
  because putin just really loves his dogs apparently . 
  he brings a dog to most meetings . 
  relevance ? 
  inflation in 2016 was the lowest ever , at 5.4 % . 
  and this is how propaganda works . 
  yes , there are sanctions against private individuals . 
  but there are also sanctions against russian banks , crude resource companies , military production companies . 
  except when you go to the new york times page and learn that there were more words after `` institutional conspiracy '' :  `` it was an institutional conspiracy , '' anna antseliovich , the acting director general of russia 's national antidoping agency , said of years ' worth of cheating schemes , while emphasizing that the government 's top officials were not involved . 
  fun fact : more people died during maitenance of ` green ' energy plants ( i.e. 
  wind turbines and solar panels ) than in nuclear accidents . 
  except of course it 's not * real * and bubeev has a huge number of aggravating circumstances that contributed to him being imprisoned . 
  https://shorensteincenter.org/news-coverage-2016-general-election/?platform=hootsuite  when asked to explain their focus on trump , journalists say that he made himself readily available to the press . 
  but availability has never been the standard of candidate coverage . 
  if that were so , third-party candidates and also-rans would dominate coverage . 
  they hunger for news exposure . 
  trump 's dominant presence in the news stemmed from the fact that his words and actions were ideally suited to journalists ' story needs . 
  the news is not about what 's ordinary or expected . 
  it 's about what 's new and different , better yet when laced with conflict and outrage . 
  trump delivered that type of material by the cart load . 
  both nominees tweeted heavily during the campaign but journalists monitored his tweets more closely . 
  both nominees delivered speech after speech on the campaign trail but journalists followed his speeches more intently . 
  trump met journalists ' story needs as no other presidential nominee in modern times . 
  so your response to eu comission saying that georgia started the war is `` nuh uh , it was russia ! '', 
  you keep defeating those strawmen , they sure are a formidable foe . 
  when did the `` ethnic russians '' in south ossetia rebel ? 
  apparently this still needs to be repeated , but [ * georgia * started the war with russia ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/georgia/6247620/eu-blames-georgia-for-starting-war-with-russia.html ), 
  the point is that if you start silencing people you do n't like , you 'll be left in the echo chamber where the only voices are comming from you and your supporters . 
  you can slam the media that publishes fake news , but you ca n't shut up rt for holding a position you do n't like . 
  that 's part of the democracy - people you do n't like sometimes win . 
  and being a widely popular president of a democratic country , putin is of course a part of a democracy . 
  so what is a reliable source ? 
  because i talk to my liberal us friends , and they are quite vocal about murdoch 's media being biased pro-trump shitweasels . 
   we allow others to have a voice here whereas putin would never allow that in russia . 
  none of the western media companies are forbidden from broadcasting in russia . 
  navalny , the former figurehead of the opposition , is running for presidency . 
  but that runs into a problem of suppression . 
  democracy becomes power of the democrats , and if you do n't fall into the party line ( which can be bent and moved over years ) , then you ca n't participate in politics . 
  next president will be putin . 
  now the president after that is the question . 
  navalny has no chance at becoming anything in russia , but not because of the state suppression . 
  navalny has a history in russian politics now , and it 's a history of failure and inconsistency . 
  he screwed up every political alliance he ever tried to forge . 
  he changed his stance on the elections from `` for anyone but putin '' to `` ignore the voting '' to `` be sure to vote '' and back to `` for anyone but putin '' from year to year . 
  there 's just nothing navalny can work with now , except for trying to make an alliance with hardcore nationalists , and good luck with that . 
   to win anything meaningful , navanly would need an alliance not going to happen . 
  navalny has consistently screwed up every single alliance he ever managed to forge . 
  max katz hates him , parnas hate him . 
  navalny 's chance was to unite the opposition , and he failed to do it again and again and again . 
  so op is russian and this was all a double bluff ? 
  what internal discontent ? 
  have you seen putin 's popularity ratings ? 
  the * lowest * he has been in the last eight years was 44 % . 
  most of the country is perfectly happy with the president they elected . 
  the latest case which led to the question is the supposed ban of `` jesus christ - superstar '' in omsk state theater . 
  st.petersburg 's musical theater who are producing the show claim that it 's due to a request from orthodox activists from social movement `` love , community , motherland '' . 
  but !, 
  but this whole situation is kind of weird because omsk 's ministry of culture claims that no one banned anything and that the show was canned by the theater due to low number of sold tickets ( 42 tickets sold ) . 
  it should also be noted that `` jesus christ - superstar '' has already been shown in omsk in the past . 
  rock group sabaton had some conflicts with the government who claimed that their songs glorify nazism ( they do n't ) . 
  this got resolved peacefully and sabaton had a successful tour . 
  in 2014 there was a controversy over timofey kuliabin 's version of `` tannh\u00e4user '' in novosibirsk , which featured jesus as the protagonist . 
  these things only show up in local news , so you do n't really hear about them . 
  this is n't some new law being passed . 
  local government already has the power to ban art performances , and it had it since forever . 
  this is about implementation of guidelines on what should and should n't be banned , instead of leaving it to the local statesmen 's will . 
  you seem to be missing some crucial context . 
  in russia various local governors ban this or that theater performance or movie or concert for various reasons . 
  that 's not cool . 
  which is why putin , during a meeting with the cultural committee , when asked about those bans , suggested they develop a set of guidelines that would allow government to determine what is art and what is provocation . 
  is that worse than just having absolute freedom of art ? 
  possibly . 
  is that better than what we have now ? 
  absolutely . 
  which is exactly why putin asked the art comission to develop guidelines on distinguishing between art and provocation instead of dragging politicians into it . 
  wait ... 
  considering that there is virtually no information about the proposal other than the name - people are losing their shit way too early . 
  personal opinion : a president/chancelor/prime minister/elected god-emperor having multiple terms is fine and even good . 
  country-wide affairs are slow , and projects take a long time to complete . 
  having twelve or sixteen or twenty years at the helm allows for consistent policy . 
  of course , there is a danger . 
  a malicious leader can consolidate power and then refuse to give it up when he is not elected . 
  but i thinnk the positives outweight the potential negatives . 
  look who 's discovered the `` circle of enemies '' rhetoric . 
   plus she has n't done anything particularly horrible . 
  because `` montenegro media '' is not a credible enough source for nato to start pointing fingers . 
   but people tend to get really fed up with wars after a couple years no matter how gung ho they were initially . 
  while definitely true , syria will have to last a lot longer to become russian vietnam or afghanistan 2 : oil boogaloo . 
  there are virtually no ground troops involved , and the losses from other branches are minimal . 
  right now syria is , for all intents and purposes , an advanced war game training for russia . 
   they need a fast win in syria we do ? 
  it seems like russia is milking syria for all its got to get real war experience and testing for every single piece of tech we 've got . 
  please , tell me more about the incredible haven of truth , justice and citizens ' honor that is france . 
  russian analogue is `` when a crayfish whistles from the mountain '', 
  yandex does have a linkedin-like social network attached to it , but i 'm not sure how popular it is . 
   of course he [ saakashvili ] failed because entire system resisted to changes including poroshenko who supported him only in words / u/mimo _ shel - [ 10 days ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5bm1g0/georgian_saakashvili_quits_as_ukraine_odessa/d9ptkra/ ), 
  you missed the joke . 
  `` russia is europe '' implies that all of europe is a part of russia . 
  what you wanted to say is `` russia is in europe '' or `` russia is a european country '' . 
  while that would be nice , so far russia is only * in * europe .
