  as the article says , the submarine was built by a company in hamburg called `` blohm & voss '' . 
  i always check out of curiosity if they still exist and voila ... http://www.blohmvoss.com/en/, 
  awesome, 
  im curious what that means for the general elections in spain this year . 
  makes sense . 
  norway is n't doing bad either with oil exports and the populations of scotland and norway are quite equal . 
  why do they want to be independent in the first place ? 
  what are the reasons for it ? 
  for me its either copenhagen or hamburg , but i havent visited too many countries in europe so far . 
  while taking a dump, 
  damn , imagine you are sitting in that house . 
  i think nokia tries to reinvent itself . 
  only time will tell how this will turn out . 
  good move . 
  in germany there is cnbc europe , cnn ( do n't know if that is europe only ) , al-jazeera and bbc on free tv . 
  for youtube check out ruptly . 
  maybe i missed some , because i did n't check all channels yet . 
  a city in germany , its like a joke !, 
  i rarely take the train , but db ( deutsche bahn ) was always known in germany for being late . 
  do n't know if that is still the case . 
  why are so many people saying london ? 
  i have not been there yet , but honestly are you guys for real now ? 
  ok but do n't take the train in germany . 
  its always late !!!, 
  the efficient and on time argument about germany is so cliche seriously :d, 
  kinda . 
  germany is a federalist country . 
  lots of small kingdoms in the past were competing against each other . 
  like bavaria with munich against brandenburg berlin and so on . 
  france and the uk are both centralized with everything focused on london and paris . 
  munich is the biggest village on earth . 
  thats how we call it . 
  never used public transportation there or looking for a flat so i have no idea . 
  the schnitzel and beer is good tho . 
  hamburg is like the munich of the north , yet not even in top 40 . 
  also paris , london , rome are incredibly low ? 
  good old imes, 
  really ? 
  eu and action in one sentence . 
  nope , but i will vote for them out of protest . 
  the cdu today is basically a spd 2.0 . if you never put pressure on them , nothing will change . 
  or are you statisfied with their politics at the moment ? 
  no , never liked him but at the moment our government is a total failure and it only can get better . 
  this time afd got my vote . 
  i will give them a chance , they have a good program . 
  well done and good choice of music, 
  gigawatt and gigawatt per hour, 
  i do n't have anything against other cultures if that answers your question . 
  for everyone who wants to live in germany i have to say this : speak like a german , eat like german , behave like a german , work like a german and you are welcome . 
  yup joyless confirmed, 
  jagertee best tee, 
  since we do n't have huge amounts of ressources like russia to produce energy , we need to come by with renewable energy . 
  in the future we wo n't so dependent on other countries , it 's good . 
  well no . 
  they did n't . 
  2nd that . 
  got a fake name from the beginning but barely using facebook anymore . 
  stay in the us, 
  good old poland jokes : why is it illegal to sell viagra in poland ? 
  because everything that stands longer than 5 minutes will be taken away . 
  / / why do russians always steal two cars ? 
  because they have to cross poland on the way home . 
  / / is a pole and a russian sitting in a car . 
  who drives ? 
  the police . 
  yeah do n't know what the corporate tax rate is in the netherlands but surely lower than in germany and france . 
  hope they keep the name leopard . 
  it fits with the helicopter `` tiger '' from airbus aswell . 
  i agree , but what about other tank manufacturers like the british with challenger ? 
  and why do they want their headquarters in the netherlands ? 
  where will they pay taxes ? 
  questions over questions . 
  i do n't know if that is a good idea . 
  https://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.welt.de%2fpolitik%2fdeutschland%2farticle144532223%2fbonner-islamist-soll-anschlag-in-somalia-veruebt-haben.html&amp;edit-text=  b. had been living for some time in bonn . 
  he had both the libyan and somali citizenship . 
  sad actually , because we are one of many countries looting africa . 
  google it . 
  was reading that he held lybian and somali citizenship but not german . 
  and that came from german sources . 
  i thought the same when i saw the map , but the german one was black white red . 
  spotted 3 black dudes there . 
  dat multiculturalism . 
  he lived in germany for a couple of years but had no german passport . 
  she wants to abolish israel and moves to the country which is supporting israel the most in europe ? 
  you can do a lot of things in germany and get away with it , but hating on jews is not one . 
  i wonder when they will close the borders and stop the boats . 
  not if ... the question is when ? 
  otherwise we will never get this under control . 
  simply volkswagen, 
  the states do n't even get enough money to support all the immigrants . 
  this will end bad . 
  those polls are not realistic . 
  most people do n't got asked how they will vote . 
  me neither . 
  you are right , but you got what i was trying to say ? 
  we also got cultural ties with russia for many centuries . 
  ca n't say the same about china for example . 
  did i say anything wrong ? 
  even if only 1/8th of russia would be in europe , russia would still be a part of europe . 
  meanwhile there are anti immigration marches everyday in germany now .
