  im so sick of the whole immigrant debate already . 
  like there is n't anything else we can talk about . 
  as long as they learn the language , work like a german , eat like a german and behave like a german means respect our laws , i wo n't care why they are coming . 
  people who come here only to claim benefits should fuck right off . 
  that 's all i have to say . 
  misleading headline . 
  most of europe do n't even take refugees . 
  something is wrong here . 
  from wikipedia : 99 percent of all german companies belong to the german `` mittelstand , '' small and medium-sized enterprises , which are mostly family-owned . 
  of the world 's 500 largest publicly-listed companies measured by revenue , the fortune global 500 , ** 50 ** are headquartered in germany , with the top 10 being volkswagen , allianz , daimler , bmw , siemens , basf , munich re , e.on , bayer , and rwe . 
  i think you messed the german one up , but nice idea . 
  something for / r/mapporn . 
  was there 10 years ago and it was like going back in time . 
  it felt untouched from the modern world . 
  i saw this video yesterday or two days ago and people said they did not accept any food out of protest , because the military do n't let them go . 
  [ schloss johannisburg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schloss_johannisburg ) well , not much to say about it really . 
  [ partly destroyed ] ( http://www.schlossbogen.de/bilder/zerstoerung1945_gros.png?phpsessid=usduvqos52jtflppc53sb0roo0 ) in ww2 and rebuilt . 
  i have n't seen much of europe until now . 
  what a clown . 
  or just you go ? 
  easier . 
  `` i 'm a detective , a damn good detective . '', 
  the question is why are there somalis in the first place ? 
  fuck the eu, 
  if you know some german , there was a very good article two days ago about a afghan family fleeing to hamburg , germany . 
  lol , those people will never accept them . 
  never . 
  proper friends of the f\u00fchrer . 
  are canadians even allowed to come here ? 
  i 've never seen something similar by muslims when a terrorist attack happened . 
  you are free to prove me wrong . 
  macedonia is doing everything right . 
  nonetheless good news . 
  a single european country could never support such a company alone . 
  well done airbus . 
  is n't airbus a european company ?? 
  ah nevermind lol, 
  nope not in the slightest , but i think there is a certain connection to it . 
  and i was wrong about the number of immigrants . 
  im surprised we got even more lol . 
  ofc , but the largest group of immigrants are indians in britain . 
  guess why , 
  the new calais, 
  yet you guys got still more immigrants . 
  but thats basically because of your past . 
  enjoy . 
  well done !, 
  if this study is true , then it will mean that descendants of those who had been through slavery and colonialism would also carry modified genes . 
  they take a look at the middle east , think all muslims are terrorists and therefore do n't want any in their country . 
  thats not my opinion . 
  france and britain recieved more money from the marshall plan . 
  some people think that this was only for germany , but no it was for whole europe . 
  we let us drive . 
  nah , most germans drive normal german cars . 
  pls . 
  you need those people at home to make balkan stronk . 
  balkan power . 
  its extremely difficult to live in germany as an illegal . 
  you do n't get a house , no healthcare , money , nothing . 
  people living on streets is unusual in germany . 
  you basically ca n't hide . 
  we are already sending them back , whats your problem ? 
  they dont get asked , they will get kicked out anyway . 
  they are declaring all balkan countries as `` safe '' now and that will make it just easier . 
  they come here because we give them money . 
  that will stop now and i wonder why they would come again if they dont get anything here ? 
  sorry , but that 's just bollocks . 
  end of discussion for me here . 
  my dear friend , there is no reason to defend your country . 
  other countries are simply hypocrites and do nothing . 
  they pity the migrant crisis but do n't want them . 
  good job macedonia, 
   do you agree with the third bailout package for greece ? 
  that was the question and i do n't know how to give a source of something i saw on tv 2 days ago . 
  nothing to do with luck , they will be forced to leave . 
  i remember a phone poll yesterday on ntv where 96 % said they do n't want to give more money to greece . 
  see , those polls are not very accurate . 
  polls are often not very transparent . 
  i mean even at spiegel and zeit they are overwhelmingly against massimmigration . 
  the comment sections of all major german newspapers suggest otherwise . 
  i do n't trust polls . 
  we do ? 
  lol , eastern europe is part of the problem since half of all `` refugees '' in germany come from there . 
  because we are so nice . 
  no seriously , i always think that americans are sometimes * too * nice if you know what i mean . 
  the frenchies are just afraid that we will invade again, 
  hmm let me think about it . 
  hmm , yes probably wwi & wwii . 
  yodeling level asian, 
  like ? 
  i do n't use anything like facebook at the moment . 
  when facebook came out i was chatting with friends , but nowadays most of my friendslist is offline anyway when i check . 
  there are people who still use facebook ? 
  seems legit, 
  you are 38.0 % european , and you scored closest to italy , with a similarity of 55.8 % !, 
  you are all full of shit, 
  they come from india to serbia ? 
  you do n't need your own people ? 
  meanwhile serbs are seeking asylum in germany, 
  lol,
