  if we like it or not . 
  i do n't know , maybe he is just realistic ? 
  imo he should stop talking about a grexit though , because it is up to the people of greece to decide what they want . 
  maybe of the super rich in greece . 
  the oligarchs . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  this poll has to be highly inaccurate . 
  maybe sponsored by brussels . 
  yes with the eu , but otherwise we are not in any union . 
  britain is a union for example , but not germany . 
  as i said below ... germany would maybe go into a union with switzerland and austria but that 's it . 
  those polls are highly inaccurate and looking at the current state of the eu i 'm afraid but most would want to get out now . 
  for good or bad , europeans can be happy that there is no referendum in germany , because most politicians know the harsh reality . 
  i do n't think that germany actually needs to be in any union . 
  bad idea . 
  i 'd agree to a union with austria and switzerland but thats it . 
  france , germany and uk in one union . 
  sound like fun !, 
  still not much, 
  agreed . 
  forgot italy , sweden , austria , malta , greece and turkey ( not in the eu but still ) who are taking in the same amount of refugees or even more . 
  sorry to them and thanks for showing some solidarity . 
  germany is not saving greece . 
  greece can only save itself . 
  it is clear . 
  germany wants the mark back !, 
  our big trade surplus comes from outside the eu . 
  at the moment the eu does n't work . 
  who takes in most refugees ? 
  germany . 
  who pays the most ? 
  germany . 
  that 's not my understanding of the `` european spirit '' . 
  not really . 
  germany was export world champion with the mark . 
  because we need to import most of the ressources needed to build those factories and a weak euro makes it more expensive ? 
  already is . 
  we are not exporting olive oil or handbags . 
  we are exporting luxury goods , cars , even whole factorys . 
  germany needs a hard currency . 
  of course not . 
  germany is powerful on its own . 
  at the moment i want less europe , more germany . 
  what is happening with greece should never be our problem in the first place . 
  asking for debt relief and at the same time wants more loans . 
  that makes sense . 
  haha shits getting real, 
  we are trying to be optimistic after all, 
  is there anyone who does n't like kebab ? 
  same with frankfurt, 
  so tsipras = hitler ? 
  i hope that too . 
  i always thought tsipras tries everything for the greek people , but now it looks like he is doing everything for his own career . 
  a grexit ca n't be in the interest of the greek people and the people of europe . 
  well , we also have our fair share of fucked up history . 
  guess everyone fucks up sometimes : /, 
  i know , free money is n't right sorry . 
  also the taxpayers so far do n't had to pay anything . 
  that will happen if greece leaves the eu . 
  only then we will have to pay . 
  anyway , hoping for a good outcome on sunday . 
  a shame really . 
  another question , how do you think will the referendum turn out on sunday ? 
  no biggie , but sometimes the truth has to be told . 
  i 'm sick of `` germans are responsible for everything '' . 
  keep in mind that it 's not only us germans who decided the programs , there are 17 other countries involved plus greece . 
  nice read , but the greeks love to blame everything on us . 
  too `` proud '' to accept their own failures . 
  ofc they do , because no more free money and now they have to work for it and not let others work for them . 
  i know not the majority of the greeks think like that , but some do especially the ones in syriza . 
  that 's a lot of furries down here, 
  not that bad . 
  cheaper exports and i 'll go to italy on holidays anyway next week . 
  sad for every honest greek . 
  err if you leave the ez you also have to leave the eu . 
  google translate alert ( im lazy sorry ) telephone conversation between obama and merkel to greece us president barack obama and german chancellor angela merkel spoke on the phone to us sources on the developments in greece . 
  it was agreed that it was important to make an effort that led to greece could return to reforms and growth within the euro zone . 
  i was joking , you had a typo there . 
  it 's july !, 
  not sure , maybe they know most greeks would vote `` yes '' and that will cost them their job . 
  still do n't see a grexit happen . 
  greeks do n't want to leave the eu and it 's up to them . 
  anyway , a grexit wo n't happen . 
  that 's what i learned now . 
  before that happens greece will have a new election . 
  june 6th , wow that 's long . 
  greek leftist government is asking for extension of eu loan program in order to be able to reject it in referendum . 
  logic used to be greek . 
  so the ones from the washington post are not american ? 
  america is not a topic for people here anyway , unless its about school shootings or nsa spying . 
  hello poland, 
  most muslims in germany are turks and they are here for decades already and integrated well . 
  no suprise . 
  they are not hardcore religious . 
  no , the eurogroup pulled back their offer to greece and there is no basis to hold a referendum now . 
  true, 
  haha called their bluff . 
  too late now fakis . 
  because it would be a slap in the face of other countries like portugal who made massive efforts to balance their budget . 
  grexit i think .
