  do you really think that the italian navy has to rescue them there ? 
  the only sensible solution here is a refugee camp in africa and not in europe . 
  the eu is a joke , they ca n't handle anything . 
  waste of time and money . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  those `` poor '' people paid thousands of dollars to get on those boats and i also saw pictures of them with iphones and expensive clothes . 
  why should we take them ? 
  after world war 2 , nobody gave asylum to germans and what did we do ? 
  roll up our sleeves and rebuild this country with hard work !!!, 
  now we are forced to let them in and work our asses off for them !, 
  enough is enough, 
  yeah or building a bridge to africa . 
  are we really that dumb ? 
  the more we rescue the more will come . 
  i think the french can take it for what it is , a joke . 
  sorry those submarines were the french model . 
  sweet is n't it ... empty autobahns for all the wohnwagens !, 
  incredible , thanks for that . 
  never thought germany would be 3rd on that list . 
  uk and italy not far behind . 
  france and spain battling it out for the top spot was clear . 
  maybe that 's why they are still wonderful . 
  not much litter without much tourists . 
  so more disgusting it looks , the better it tastes . 
  i like salty . 
  would be interesting to see how much the nominal revenues are . 
  gdps are varying big time between some countries . 
  that 's true , we even have a word for it ... `` feierabend '', 
  all about efficiency , 
  suprise suprise, 
  not good ... ban condoms, 
  you do n't work out a new proposal for several month and then completely discard it the last minute . 
  cameron is not talking nonsense . 
  many migrants are just exploiting the countries welfare systems for too long already . 
  time to get more efficient in europe . 
  well done, 
  someone posted that link in the guardian comment section and i doubt that i will find it again . 
  i mean it 's clear that the uk ( also the eu ) would suffer if it leaves the biggest trading block in the world . 
  should n't be a suprise really . 
  i saw a chart the other day where you could see it falling . 
  it is just logical , because any kind of uncertainty is poison for big companies . 
  yes , another reason is that it is an english speaking country within the eu . 
  international investments are already falling in the uk and i do n't mind a few more banks in frankfurt or car companies such as mini , rolls royce and bentley providing jobs in germany instead of the uk . 
  they are owned by bmw and vw . 
  i 'm also in favor of britain leaving . 
  our companies can come back to germany again and not sit in tax havens like london . 
  going to greece in september and i admire them for their help they offer to those in need . 
  blatter could n't watch all of them classic, 
  is this the same party who is also denying the holocaust ? 
  how we see the uk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_jogmxpe5i, 
  sorry had to edit my post , no not a problem at all from what i 've heard . 
  just do n't go to protests in athens if you are german !, 
   even there i do n't think it would be a problem ... the normal greek has as much to do with the political situation as the normal german . 
  inside my country let 's see ... if you want to go swimming than either go north to the islands of sylt and r\u00fcgen or south at the bodensee . 
  other than that hamburg is a nice city and munich in summer for beergardens with alp panorama . 
  it 's only a forbes ranking . 
  do n't get sad about it !, 
  just take a look at the right side of your screen . 
  the same question could be , what is germany ? 
  who drew the borders in europe ? 
  the biggest part of russia is in europe . 
  germany , austria and switzerland are considered to be central europe and britain , ireland are considered to be part of western europe . 
  interesting thanks . 
  had the allied forces something like the big bertha by any chance ? 
  that bomb is huge . 
  online courses are good . 
  had to pay for the one i used , but it was n't much . 
  just change the language to english and select german as your course . 
  hi , maybe try http://www.immobilienscout24.de/ also take a look here ... a list with more websites http://www.immobilienportale.com/uebersicht-immobilienportale/, 
  thanks , i 'm always looking for realistic war movies . 
  what is nostradamus saying ? 
  i 've never been to russia but i can tell you what i like the most about russians ... it is that they are not so vindictive and their lax temper . 
  juncker is a massive troll . 
  yup i 'm one of them in september . 
  brilliant , 
  if it just would n't always be about brexit or cameron ... yes that would be great . 
  what has gb to do with it ? 
  they are not in the eurozone and therefore are not excluded from anything . 
  many different cultures , nationalities . 
  i just have that feel he does n't like europeans . 
  `` i 'm neither white nor non white '' tough to call , are you a chameleon ? 
  sounds like toothpaste, 
  important voting . 
  10pm exit polls . 
  i hope he will achieve something for all of us . 
  for every country within the eu or at least for the ones who also want reforms . 
  i can see germany and britain having similar views and several issues ... the only question is what is france going to do . 
  if all three countries can push together for reforms , chances are high something will change . 
  nill points , not suprised . 
  our song was worse than tinnitus . 
  i 'll be watching eurovision for the first time and never heard of graham norton , but just get a uk proxy server and you can watch it via bbc iplayer . 
  works for me . 
  haha, 
  exactly, 
  a us politician called orban a dictator and juncker is obviously joking about it . 
  quite unreal . 
  they also found a couple of other famous statues . 
  damn austerity, 
  hilarious , i loved top gear . 
  sad they put it down .
