  sorry guys , we are living under leftwing dictatorship here . 
  pathetic article . 
  russia economically is a dwarf . 
  they would collapse again if they would try to create another soviet union . 
  the question is when ? 
  thanks !, 
  happy birthday to you too . 
  some led bulps would do . 
  they last longer and consume less energy . 
  dat efficiency . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't blame them , but is it really worth trying when your chances of getting asylum are so low ? 
  interesting read . 
  in europe it 's all a bit more difficult and we are not used to something like that . 
  hope a solution can be found quickly . 
  also keep in mind that 85 % of immigrants to germany are from other eu countries . 
  interesting, 
  honestly , there wo n't be a grexit . 
  how would such a grexit even work out ? 
  foreign countries ca n't decide if greece should leave or not . 
  the greek people have to decide if they want to remain in the eu or not . 
  a grexit would be a desaster for both sides . 
  i expect them to do everything to prevent such a scenario . 
  hey thanks , 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  today is my birthday, 
  must be lefty nazis than . 
  if we had real nazis in charge we would not take the vast amount of refugees in . 
  damn right . 
  most migrants coming to germany are from the balkans and only 0.1 % -1 % of them get asylum . 
  pinky : gee , brain , what do you want to do tonight ? 
  brain : the same thing we do every night , pinky - try to take over the world !, 
  when in rome ... 
  you are free to move to any english speaking country to be honest . 
  in germany we value our culture . 
  #bavarianforworldlanguage :d, 
  maybe i 'd had the same attitude if english would be my mother tongue . 
  not really something you should be ashamed of or anything . 
  but let me tell you ... those poor germans are not named after the beans , it 's the other way around !, 
  english is only relevant for me when surfing the internet and when watching several tv programs . 
  otherwise not much influence here except in bigger cities maybe . 
  frankfurt is n't far away and when i go there for shopping you meet a lot of tourists from japan , china and english speaking countries . 
  completely different influence there and only a 20 mins drive away from where i live . 
  so it really depends where you are in germany . 
  poorly written article, 
  if we would , bigger car companies would invest more into electric vehicles . 
  tesla is selling such a tiny number of cars it 's not even worth talking about it . 
  even nissan is doing way better and they do n't invest much into it . 
  what about buses , taxis , trucks , emergency vehicles and everyone else who wants to drive more than 200-300km without low speed ? 
  a electric car can be good and relatively practical for some people who do n't drive much but for the rest of world it just is n't . 
  does n't convince me in the slightest . 
  i still see more problems for electric cars . 
  they are already around for over 100 years and never worked on a large scale . 
  i doubt they ever will . 
  most people who bought a electric car use it as a second or third car . 
  it 's more a toy for the rich . 
  not sure about that one , nissan sees the future in hydrogen not electric cars . 
  again , electric cars already failed . 
  the future will be about more efficient synthetic fuels who can already be produced on a large scale . 
  ever thought why big car companies do n't invest much into electric cars ? 
  ever heard about synthetic fuels ? 
  those will be the future , not electric where you do n't even have the infrastructure for . 
  most people do n't live in homes with superchargers or whatever it is called . 
  they live in apartments homes with many other people . 
  by the way you ca n't support a electric car sorely on solar panels . 
  that 's a myth . 
  and if we are at it , where do you think do solar panels come from ? 
  and ever thought about the rare materials you need to produce batteries ? 
  where do they come from on the long term if you want to produce them on mass ? 
  questions over questions unanswered . 
  all about politics and subsidies . 
  since when is it american innovation ? 
  there are electric cars , but mostly from japanese or german manufacturers . 
  electric cars in germany only got a market share of 0.2 % . 
  nissan is selling the most electric cars around the world followed by bmw . 
  i do n't believe the hype about them really . 
  also , where do you think does the electricity come from ? 
  from dirty coal-fired power plants . 
  imagine everyone would drive a electric car ... should we build nuclear plants on mass now just to get that feel to do something for our environment ? 
  norways population is 5 million . 
  not really a big market . 
  the future is china , india and co. 
  they even produce their own batteries for electric cars with samsung , lg etc. 
  tesla is buying theirs from panasonic . 
  i 've never seen a tesla car in germany so far . 
  fyi the uk recieved the most money from the marshall plan followed by france . 
  germany only came 3rd . 
  i can recommend hamburg - fish market and in berlin all sorts of street food ... just explore the city , you will find something on every corner, 
  stop the boats !, 
  also in austria now . 
  the tide is turning . 
  good on you danes . 
  hope the same is happening here . 
  wake up people and smell the coffee . 
  it 's people like you , `` gutmenschen '' who are the most dangerous ones to our society . 
  exactly , we are going down comarade . 
  unbelievable . 
  yes they should, 
  they getting rescued at the coast of lybia .
