  i blame the politicians to not adress this issue enough . 
  they will pay the price in the next elections . 
  afd will be in the parliament 100 % . 
  russia is part of europe . 
  sooner or later we have to get along with each other . 
  interesting thanks !, 
  interesting . 
  did n't know even porsche built tanks . 
  and now many of us are driving cars from those manufacturers . 
  pretty crazy is n't it . 
  perhaps you noticed the outrage after the nsa scandal . 
  germans are very sensible with their privacy , maybe the aftermath of the nazi and stasi era where spying on the population was normal . 
  i named ford and asian car brands because they just do n't appeal to me , which does n't mean that i would not buy a rolls-royce or a bentley if i had the money . 
  i 'm that type of person that rather buys one good jeans than 5 cheap ones . 
  you can give me all statistics in the world and i wo n't buy a ricer or a ford . 
  even if they would never ever break down . 
  you want a contradictory statistic ? 
  look at the car sales . 
  now compare volkswagen with ford . 
  i do n't think volkswagen will lose any sleep about that uk poll with their new record turnover last year . 
  my second car , old mercedes with 230.000 km and so far no major problems . 
  statistics do n't mean anything especially if they are held in britain by a british media with only 50k people taking part in it . 
  im not surprised german cars do n't come out well . 
  do n't expect anything else to be honest . 
  those damn krauts !, 
  there is actually nothing that speaks against a french car . 
  looking at the current state of our military the tank and the flak should be brought back into service asap !, 
  the new popemobile is a hyundai, 
  nazis drove mercedes, 
  i 'd still rather sit in a conked out porsche than a mazda . 
  no thanks, 
  communism was n't better and stalin killed more people than adi h . they had the choice between pest and cholera . 
  can we stop calling them refugees when the majority are illegal immigrants ? 
  we need border controls again and we need them fast !, 
  i do n't know what you mean with `` worth to travel to '' , what are your preferences ?? 
  anyway , i 'd suggest driving down the scenic `` atlantic highway '' in ireland . 
  its a great place for a trip with a van . 
  baltic navy too stronk [ german navy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib43gpktxjs ), 
  i agree . 
  germany is not better , but what i tried to say is that countries like china who export lots of cheaper goods are more dependent on a low currency than lets say germany , usa , scandinavian countries etc. 
  germany was export world champion with the dm . 
  just found out iphones are also made in china . 
  that 's the point . 
  germany is usually selling quality over quantity and that 's why they do n't have to compete against countries like china on price . 
  germany is exporting whole factories . 
  made in the us is not very popular except iphones or so . 
  greece does not even pay any of that debt back until 2023 so that would not help anyone at the moment . 
  what greece wants is a debt relief to get their hands on fresh money from the banks . 
  we would be at the same point again in 5 years with the same amount of unsubstainable debt we have now with a administrative system that is not working , with a overbloated public sector , with tax dodging , nepotism and everything else that got greece in this mess . 
  the writer of this article does not even know the difference between debt restucturing and debt relief . 
  the latter means simply cutting debt by a certain amount of % which happened in 2010 by 53 % but with private debt ( big difference ) and debt restructuring happened 2012 where the period of the loan was extended to 2050 or so with lower interest rates than germanys . 
  a debt relief from loans of the esm is not possible and schauble is 100 % right . 
  thats not what he said . 
  sch\u00e4uble said that a classic haircut is not possible within the eurozone . 
  debt restructuring is something different . 
  im also collapsing when i think about her politics . 
  there is no war . 
  i 've read several times in german newspapers that the police stopped a van with a smuggler and immigrants . 
  looks like they extended their business . 
  http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article144445263/staedtetag-nrw-will-grenzkontrollen-gegen-fluechtlinge.html thank god there are still some politicians left with a functioning brain . 
  hungary  austria  germany  denmark  sweden ? 
  many can just travel through by car/train without being detected because no border controls . 
  people are angry because of illegal immigrants not refugees . 
   is no longer seen as a good place to seek refuge economic migrants that is . 
  real refugees fleeing from war should be happy in any safe country they reach which can never be sweden in the first place , because they cross many safe countries before reaching sweden . 
  in my opinion america has its own culture but immigration is a part of it . 
  europe as a whole is diverse , but each country has its own culture and is normally not diverse . 
  that 's why i think europe does not need immigrants from countries outside of europe . 
  unlike europe , america is based on immigration . 
  i think thats the difference . 
  a genuine question , do you believe that america has its own culture ? 
  are the leftists waiting for another pogrom to sort it out or what is their plan ? 
  we nearly reached that point . 
  why would anyone want to stay in the eu nowadays ? 
  as soon as there is a bigger problem , they look totally out of depth . 
  we need king orban to rule europe . 
  the majority are not refugees , they are illegal immigrants . 
  give them a bit time, 
  there are . 
  refugees they say, 
  if anything is a dictatorship , it 's the eu . 
  every country in europe needs a orban now , else we are lost . 
  spot on , germany needs to leave before its too late . 
  orban looks like the only sane politician in europe at the moment . 
  love this man . 
  one more reason to vote afd . 
  we dont sell handbags or feta cheese . 
  a hard currency is needed and the euro is n't . 
  look at the uk elections this year and how accurate those polls were . 
  no way they are at 3 % with the current mood in our society . 
  and there are still 2 years left to sort everything out . 
  17-24 \u00b0 c today . 
  bit cloudy and thunderstorms in the evening/night . 
  ca n't complain , but there were days this summer with temperatures nearly 40 \u00b0 c which was way too hot . 
  thanks . 
  the npd are neo-nazis . 
  the afd are eurosceptics ( or lets say they want to get rid of it ) , anti-immigrantion and for better ties with russia . 
  like the npd in germany ? 
  for example , a overburdened social system through uncontrolled mass immigration . 
  i agree .
