  we should do it like the aussies and tow all the boats back to refugee centers from the un as you said . 
  and more importanly close our borders for now . 
  the next general elections in germany are in 2017 , but there is a growing discontent here aswell . 
  idiotic immigration and eu policies are the main factors . 
  i do n't know if it will be too late in 2017 or 2018 already ... atleast sweden is smelling the coffee now . 
  when are the next general elections in sweden ? 
  i will vote far right in the next election . 
  immigration in europe is way out of control . 
  the further you pull the pendulum to the left , the further it will hit out to the right . 
  crazy . 
  we got 700.000 immigrants from eu countries last year and still unemployment under 5 % , best in europe . 
  most of them are just looking for work and i do n't see it as a problem . 
  win-win situation for everyone involved . 
  [ handk\u00e4se ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/handk%c3%a4se ) is a german cheese . 
  it does not taste like normal cheese , it 's different but i like it . 
  you eat it with caraway and onions . 
  called `` handk\u00e4se mit musik '' ( literally : hand cheese with music ) . 
  round them up and send them to east germany . 
  there is a reichskristallnacht nearly every day where those muslims are lodged . 
  most people come from the balkans and have no right of asylum anyway . 
  thats why people are angry . 
  now they will be send back within two weeks . 
  happy national holiday across the border !, 
  yeah the problem are the trucks from whole europe driving through germany . 
  2.7 billion looks like peanuts compared with the greek crisis, 
  well written , but read the english version , the german is horrible . 
  no offense . 
  written by someone who understands more about europe and germany than that krugman guy . 
  i meant sigmar `` speckie '' gabriel , not the plane, 
  it just took a while to take off, 
  and who will pay for berlin and other east german cities ? 
  yes , but i expect this wo n't happen unless we are confronted with a problem so big that we are forced to merge militaries into one . 
  that too , but keep in mind that eu and nato are two different things . 
  there are countries in europe who are not in the eu but in nato and there are countries who are not in nato but in the eu or switzerland who is in neither . 
  indeed , fucked up idea . 
  the idea behind the european union was/is that every country whatever size , has the same weight as everyone else . 
  `` the nordic reich '' ( forgot to add `` reich '' is \u00a9 by germany sorry ), 
  yeah at the moment we get all the flak from the greek crisis , right left and center lol, 
  just looked up irelands unemployment rate and it is 9.8 % now . 
  looks more realistic in my opinion . 
  spain has always been a fairly neutral country . 
  suprised too , but do n't think this poll is credible for the whole nation . 
  1 ) britain is a net contributer to the eu / / 2 ) britain can veto in the un security council / / 3 ) germany invests more in britain than anywhere else in europe / / 4 ) europe/eu without britain is unthinkable in terms of culture and standing on the world stage, 
  one reason could be that a chancellor usually lasts longer than a president or prime minister . 
  we only had three different chancellors since 1982 !, 
  some countries ( germany ) are more selfish than others , so you should exclude those points . 
  damn german cheaters again . 
  `` i may have overestimated my own competence '', 
  there is a saying - tell someone the truth , lend him/her money and they will become your enemies . 
  the difference is simple . 
  the uk does n't give a rats ass about what others think about them . 
  the typical british gentleman if you will . 
  germany is just starting to grow a half backbone again it seems . 
  do i see a gummy frog in there ? 
  yeah to get all the flak lol, 
  no , atleast not alone . 
  why are you only talking about germany here when finland , the baltics , netherlands , belgium , slovakia , slovenia and several other countries were even tougher on greece ? 
  getting boring boys . 
  in bavaria it 's sinnflut ... ... from now on !, 
  germany is for a grexit with debt relief and not further delayed filing of insolvency . 
  selfish would be if germany leaves the eu and says `` nach mir die sinnflut '' . 
  since we do n't get a referendum about the eu anytime soon , our hope lies with the uk that they leave and we follow . 
  lucky bastard, 
  i 'd say go . 
  the european union is no peace project . 
  we had better relations with other countries before the euro/eu . 
  now it 's only trouble . 
  and if it goes wrong he can blame everything on us again lol . 
  in most cases switzerland itself is the `` product '' by being a tax haven . 
  that 's right , but switzerlands economy is heavily dependent on services ( 75 % ) . 
  so that ca n't be the case . 
  and who is in a stronger position in negotiations of trade deals , 28 eu countries or switzerland ? 
  switzerland would still be irrelevant without the eu , so what is your point ? 
  i wonder when the stockmarket will reopen ? 
  did n't know the vatican has own euro coins !, 
  keep also in mind that the cdu ( christian democratic union ) is the biggest party with currently 41 % of votes in germany . 
  they will most likely not change anything . 
  as sch\u00e4uble said , there are exisiting contracts between countries and not governments . 
  else those contracts would be meaningless with several elections each year in europe . 
  i hope not , stay strong wolfie edit : this rumor got already denied . 
  opinions from american economists should always be treated with caution . 
  they do n't know as much about the eu/ez as they think they do . 
  it 's more complicated than handling the economy in the usa , because there are 19 democracys in the eurozone not 1 . 
  either we make a union of all countries or no union at all . 
  i do n't buy the `` southern countries '' are just too different . 
  what kind of signal would that send out to the world if we say , hey you got your finances in order now for lets say 10 years you can come and those who do n't ca n't ? 
  i find it incredible how spain and portugal for example took huge burdens on them for reforms . 
  they needed less money for it than originally thought . 
  any motives so far why they were doing this ? 
  they will, 
  good interview, 
  the sooner they run out of oil the better, 
  wow arson ? 
  ok thank you, 
  what 's the current situation ? 
  anyone ? 
   poland -  germany  austria -  germany holy mother of anschluss, 
  we survived two world wars , we will also survive the euro . 
  well , not if you are chancellor of the conservative party . 
  the problem of asylum seekers is a hot topic and i do n't expect her to lose any votes on that .
