  let he who has not ( twice ) submitted the wrong document to his creditors while trying to avoid a catastrophic default cast the first stone . 
  big support and love to greece . 
  let 's all hope a solution can be found next week !, 
  great result for the danes . 
  wow , i have my difficulties with spanish already . 
  chinese would kill me . 
  illegal immigrants will be shipped back . 
  the ultimate solution for the moment is in my opinion one car for long distances and one for the city and short distances . 
  would love to have a smart fortwo electric but they still cost around 25k . 
  cheap for leasing tho ... 140 bucks a month . 
  i can only speak for myself and i do n't feel threatened , but muslims need to speak out louder against radical islam . 
  when shit hits the fan count on zee germans, 
  good . 
  its shameful those idiots are doing this . 
  i can only shake my head in disbelief about the current situation . 
  we are in a real mess here . 
  i 'd say high five to our dutch and danish neighbors, 
  the people in bavaria are very traditional and our political parties are christian . 
  not without reason in germany they say munich is the biggest village on earth . 
  18000 of those 40000 are in greece . 
  another week of debt crisis ?? 
  ohhhh, 
  i love the americans , but that usa usa usa chant is somewhat silly to be honest, 
  prost, 
  it 's ramadan guys . 
  religion of peace again, 
  especially poland who recieve so much funds from the eu with so many poles who are migrating to other eu countries . 
  shame on them . 
  oh wow , keep calm and have another summit i guess ? 
  germany has a historical responsibility for israel , but they should not take everything for granted . 
  the ones who really care about the holocaust today would not try to exploit it for their own good . 
  we pay billions each year to our jewish friends that they can live a unconcerned life and we do it gladly . 
  no , i drink it right from the udder . 
  they are right . 
  uber should be banned from europe . 
  clearly the good economical situation in the uk at the moment is helping . 
  do n't see anything wrong with that, 
  rip holland, 
  lol , never :p, 
  yes , mid 20s, 
  burger bread , minced meat , leaf salad , pickles , cheddar , mini tomatoes and a good sauce ( not ketchup ) . 
  simple but good . 
  nobody mentioned london yet ? 
  ok , london . 
  dublin was also nice . 
  was touring uk & ireland last year . 
  in summer i prefer weissbier !, 
   beer is not food god damn, 
  there are a lot of euro sceptics in the csu , unlike the cdu . 
  the cdu can be considered the siamese twin of the spd ( and everything else left of it ) nowadays . 
  i 'll be voting csu or afd like many other people in germany . 
  fed up with the eu . 
  hope it 's gone till 2025 . 
  down with that capitalist system . 
  do n't know , but europe is different from america . 
  some would say in a good way and some in a bad way . 
  it depends on someones preferences . 
  is this source reliable ? 
  merkel is the chancellor of germany and not emperor of europe who gives a thumbs up or down on issues concerning all countries involved . 
  varoufakis should give her a call rather than talking to the media . 
  thanks for the tip , it looks very nice . 
  was in portugal several times now ( algarve ) . 
  could n't ask for a better place for summer holidays . 
  well , it looks nice and is full of nature . 
  would like to go there someday . 
  saw something about the azores on tv so it came to my mind  by the way . . bavaria hei\u00dft auf deutsch bayern :p, 
  how about the azores ? 
  should be a colder climate ? 
  do n't worry , those in luxembourg will be in germany too after a few days . 
  that 's the problem . 
  they go there where they get the most and that 's why this system is not realistic . 
  why should germany take the most again ? 
  we already did . 
  the drachma would devalue against the euro massively . 
  therefore imports would be too expensive , poverty rising and the debt would need to be repaid in drachma . 
  greeks would go into the streets rioting etc etc. 
  i hope they can find a sensitive solution with an eye on the greek people . 
  they need help . 
  a deal with some kind of debt relief to get iwf back into the boat . 
  hoping for a deal on monday . 
  quantitive easing lowered the value of the euro , therefore exports are cheaper and more competitive worldwide . 
  add to that the low oil price and there is potential for real growth yes . 
  too much austerity . 
  investments are needed now . 
  immigration is a big winner in elections across europe at the moment . 
  not surprised really . 
  germany is investing in britain more than in any other country of the eu . 
  do n't know what will happen if you leave , but brexit would be bad news for us anyway . 
  possibly for both of us , like children in a divorce , 
  it 's tactic . 
  why not . 
  good job from tsipras to be honest . 
  i watch all this drama closely and what happened and is still happening in greece is dramatic . 
  we are always talking about numbers , payments and other debt , but the small people who got hit the hardest during the crisis are getting ignored . 
  that 's not the europe we wanted . 
  a so called `` grexit '' ( god i ca n't hear that word anymore to be honest ) is in no ones interest . 
  for the people of greece i hope syriza is acting responsibly the next days and gets a good deal everyone can live with . 
  i really feel for the greeks and hope they can find a solution on monday . 
  what a drama . 
  it really is a humanitarian crisis .
