  but i have a distinct memory of bertie saying that the naysayers should kill themselves . 
  if finne fail get into power then i a have lost all faith in my fellow countrymen and women . 
  i am also hoping for fine gael to remain in power and would vote for them my second preference vote even though i am more to the left than they are . 
  if we had started with foreign languages at five then we would come out with the same level as we do with irish . 
  shite basically . 
  ireland had at 32 % budget deficit in 2010 . 
  insane . 
  people talk about it pretty openly in my office and in my experience generally . 
  because we are better than them . 
  when we say that our values and our freedoms are better , our morals are better , then we have to act better than them . 
  acting like them is not the answer . 
  it remains unanswered because people do n't know if it was a deliberate plant or not . 
  that 's just how berlin is though . 
  i encourage the purchasing of argentinian wine just to fuck with you guys . 
  that 's the wrong way of looking at it . 
  the idea is that you invest in a country so that it becomes wealthier and they then buy more of your stuff making your wealthier in turn . 
  ah , you are being facetious . 
  southern irish province ? 
   the political management is bad , too many refugees , also from safe countries , not enough space etc this is the crux of the issue imo opinion . 
  additionally , i think germany has essentially failed to integrate the gastarbeiters and i have little confidence that they will do a better job with the refugees . 
  as you are german with a turkish flair perhaps you can weigh in more on this . 
  and ireland . 
  i always felt there was joke to be made somewhere with the name naoise . 
  something along the lines of sea ? 
  ( sea no ni shea ), 
  the name iarflaith springs to mind . 
  i do n't mean that leftist crime is more prevalent than right-wing crime . 
  simply that where i live , i am more likely to meet ultra-left than ultra-right . 
  i basically never come across right-wingers . 
  in most walks of life it goes without saying that you despise the ultra-right . 
  i forgot that i am on reddit and that this needs to be declared . 
  my experience of the ultra-right in germany is exactly 0 . 
  i live in berlin though , i see lots of ultra-left stuff [ here ] ( http://www.bz-berlin.de/berlin/friedrichshain-kreuzberg/friedrichshain-seit-der-wende-ist-der-kiez-ein-brennpunkt ) and i come across the demos and doucey attitudes . 
  when i say lack of leadership i mean that she never stood up ( to her own people ) and honesty said `` this is the problem , it is structural and this is what it will take to fix . 
  it wo n't be easy and it wo n't be palatable at times but without these overhauls this will keep happening . 
  additonally , you do n't need to be a `` strong '' leader to show leadership . 
  she is showing leadership with the refugee crisis ( whatever your opinion on that is ) . 
  no , its not . 
  but they are really doucey and self-righteous and they are far more prevalent than the ultra-right . 
  i love germany and i love living here . 
  the language is an eternal pain in the backside , but i am getting to grips with it nicely . 
  i hate the german ultra-left , the ones that riot , burn cars , and generally take a black and white view of the world . 
  i dislike merkel , i think her handling of the eurozone crisis was poor and made things worse . 
  additionally it showed a total lack of leadership imo . 
  i also disagree with the way she is handling the refugee crisis . 
  not that disagree with helping refugees , but a policy of `` risk your life in a boat , walk through the balkans , pay thousands to smugglers , and then we will help you '' is not a good policy . 
  do n't waste your time on ignorant trolls . 
  wwi seems like a pretty substantial thing to just leave out . 
  shit , we even did some of the poetry in my english class . 
  i live here and you do n't notice them . 
   `` it 's been raining non-stop in ireland now since 1995 '' what a line . 
  the jury is still out on belgium though ... 
  quite recently . 
  it almost caused the collapse of the power sharing government in belfast . 
   this woman is not `` crazy '' . 
  she is smart i do n't know , she says it took her six months to realize she was walking in the bike path . 
  we have a way with words . 
  no , she is not . 
  there has been absolutely no reason for her to incur the hassle and cost of becoming a citizen when she is guaranteed equal treatment under the law . 
  my aunt has lived in the uk since she was 18 , she is now retired . 
  should she not be allowed a say in the future of the country ? 
  that sounds like a reason not to let them have it then . 
  ah the good old days where all we talked about was greece ... 
  you may have noticed that they 're not managing . 
  the article explains everything . 
  it 's not that people do n't think the us has mandatory schooling , it 's that they the think the average is bad . 
  i had some shockingly stupid things said to me when i was in the us , the likes of which i have not experienced elsewhere . 
  i guess that is what they are getting at . 
  no it does n't  s\u00e4belrasseln und kriegsgeheul means sabre rattling and war cries . 
  sabre rattling is defined as the `` display or threat of military force '' . 
  threats are different to displays of force . 
  an even more fascist organisation : gema, 
  what difference will it make to the rest of the eu if britain were to leave ? 
  many e.u. 
  economies are only starting to get back on their feet and the uncertainty that it would inject in the global markets would be very damaging in my opinion . 
  why do you have a stake in this ? 
  what do you have to gain or lose by britain leaving the union ? 
  potentially my job as i work for the uk department and my company may decide to reallocate resources . 
  i think it would be very bad for ireland and would unnecessarily complicate things in northern ireland . 
  why do you care if we leave ? 
  i see it very much as a case of cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  also the level of discourse about it has been an affront to anyone who does n't have a used nappy for a brain . 
  not available in germany , 
  '' but russian mp igor lebedev criticised french police and called on russian football fans to `` keep up the good work '' . 
  `` i see nothing wrong with football fans fighting . 
  on the contrary , well done to our boys !, 
  keep up the good work ! '', 
  he tweeted . '', 
  what a twat, 
  [ lots of love for the poles in the irish times this week . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/editorial/poles-in-ireland-witamy-was-na-zdrowie-1.2655086 ), 
  spending less on borrowing is n't the same as making money . 
  got any tips ? 
  i am visiting next weekend . 
  written in 1992 http://www.nber.org/feldstein/fa1197.html written in 1997 http://www.nber.org/feldstein/economistmf.pdf i 'm at work at the moment so that 's the best i can do for now, 
  actually there was a high degree of skepticism amongst economists before the euro was introduced and a lot of these problems were forecast . 
  mundell propose the idea of optimum currency area 's in 1961 and the idea has been debated since then . 
  it 's a cultural thing i think , people grow up around people from big families are often from big families themselves . 
  three or four children is just seen as the norm . 
  irish women are ugly and when you are irish yourself their accent does little to redeem them .
