  yes . 
  things might be bad in ireland but i 'm awfully thankful i 'm not a greek , i can 's see anything other than two decades of misery for the average greek . 
  an example of this would be how there 's free public transport for pensioners but not for students . 
  berlin for 11 months , i plan on moving back . 
  i 'm fairly sure nothing has happened in south america since the arrival of the conquistadors . 
  best year of my life . 
  welcome to the party . 
  hardly surprising given the open nature of our economy and the poor performance of our trading partners in the e.u. 
  very very limited access to abortion . 
  we are still talking about abortion and people on both side of the political spectrum are really pissed off with the proposed bill . 
  i 'm unsure but i think something was said about retrospective bank recapitalisation ? 
  not sure if that 's the right but people we getting excited about some movement on this issue . 
  perhaps `` european countries with negligible muslims populations '' might be a better title . 
  not a chance in hell the u.s would even consider such a huge shift in immigration policy . 
  i turned to it in a time of need when the only other option was that weird continental butter that 's whiter than my sun deprived skin . 
  i 'm not living in germany at the moment so my salted butter needs are being met but i plan on moving back so i 'll keep this in mind , cheers . 
  that 's all well and good for baking a cake but i want it on my toast with a fry , adding the salt is n't the same as the salt is added as part of the process . 
  did you now , in anyways ? 
  watch their talaghtfornia swipes they 're brilliant . 
  tallaghtfornia is the irish equivalent to jersey shore . 
  but it 's unsalted goddammit , it does n't taste the same !, 
  what german papers can i read online then ? 
  preferably with a section in english . 
  the u.s always points the finger at china for its human right 's abuses and for being an authoritative state . 
  china takes pleasure in seeing the u.s 's hypocrisy exposed . 
  a case of schadenfreude really . 
  knowing that you will be protected in china might encourage more american whistleblowers to come forward with their information if they can be confidant they wo n't be extradited . 
  they want to trust you but they 've been hurt in the past . 
  yep i 'm in a similar boat . 
  i did my erasmus in berlin two years ago and i will be moving back in august . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/blogs/generationemigration/2012/03/19/where-have-irelands-emigrants-gone/where-have-irelands-emigrants-gone-1-2/ ) graph here which is compiled with data from the [ central statistics office ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/index.html ) states that australia , the u.k and canada are the top three destinations . 
  however you are right to point out that the u.s is also a popular destination i simply forgot about it . 
  the most popular destinations for irish emigrants are canada , the u.k , australia and n.z and the u.s. only a handful go to countries like germany or other well performing non-english speaking e.u countries . 
  edit : forgot the u.s edit 2 : to give this figure some perspective the number of unemployed in ireland is [ 417,000 ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/media/csoie/releasespublications/documents/latestheadlinefigures/lreg_apr2013.pdf ) or 14 % as of april 2013 . 
  compared to ireland it is still cheap but you 're right it is getting more expensive . 
  berlin is cheap and a fantastic city . 
  it 's the flights home and trips to see friends in other cities that jack up the cost . 
  i went to berlin and i can honestly say it was the best year of my life . 
  you meet so many new people and have so many new and different experiences . 
  i fell in love with berlin and started learning german , i plan to move back in august . 
  my advice is do everything that the college offers , museum tour , boat tour , trip away , whatever it does n't matter i regret not doing more . 
  word to the wise though , i was there for a full year and it cost in the region of $ 10,000-12 ,000, 
  a little `` und '' slipped in there . 
  i 'll be moving to germany in 3 months . 
   it has rained ceaselessly for the past two days that must be awful . 
  i 've never really understood the american system , like in the movie superbad why are they still going to school of they have already been accepted to college ? 
  here ( ireland ) everyone takes the exact same test on the same day at the same time . 
  this goes on for 2-4 weeks depending on your subject choices . 
  then you get you results and then colleges offer you a place . 
  edit : i should add that public and private schools both have the same curriculum . 
  different exam system here , you would never have to write a paper to graduate it 's entirely exam based . 
  you 're probably right . 
  although thesis would never be used in reference to a high school paper , at least not in ireland . 
  i do n't speak serbian but thesis and dissertation are often used interchangeably . 
  pretty embarrassed i forgot about the gaelteacht regions . 
  it can be quite beneficial for the countries concerned though as the emigration acts as a release valve . 
  rather than having these people remaining in spain and portugal not working and claiming unemployment benefits they are going to germany to work and gain experience which they will then take home to their own nation if/when they decide to leave . 
  i personally plan on moving to germany in august and i ca n't wait . 
  we speak [ hiberno-english ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hiberno-english ) which came about when our ancestors made the switch from irish to english . 
  so the english we speak is a dialect in and of itself . 
  an example of this would be the fact the we have a word for `` you '' in the plural which , depending on where you are from , is either yous , yiz or ye . 
  this is a very well written response . 
  cost of living here is pretty damn high . 
  leitrim is the forgotten county though . 
  productivity is also distorted by what it is that you are producing . 
  take pharmaceuticals for example , one person ( in a nordic country ) can oversee the production of thousands of pills ( units ) a day . 
  where as a bulgarian worker may be extremely productive but engaged in a less high end industry such as textiles . 
  thus the number of units they produce is considerably less than their nordic counterpart and therefore the nordic worker appears more `` productive '' . 
  [ this ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/12/19/irish-competitiveness-wonkish/ ) article by paul krugman explains better what i mean . 
  so gracious we payback unsecured bond holders . 
  i was expecting loriot and i was n't disappointed . 
  `` the english went off and conquered the world and then got pissed off when everyone followed them home '' - some comedian i ca n't remember, 
  i suspect the fact that sanctions against russia will have to be renewed shortly was mentioned . 
  politically more palatable perhaps , but the uk economy is more closely intertwined . 
  also there is the convenience with the north . 
  the euro is n't going anywhere since greece caved . 
  since the euro benefits germany it is not going to shoot itself in the foot for the greater good either . 
  additionally , ireland would never leave the euro . 
  in some crazy world where ireland did then i can only assume it would be to adopt the pound sterling . 
  had some mett today . 
  it was great . 
  germany leaving the euro would cripple exports . 
  expected not proposed . 
  there 's a difference . 
  private housing is in short supply in pretty much every major german and european city . 
  ireland would like to keep our poles . 
  you 're better looking than us and our gene pool needs a stir . 
  so it was n't intentional ? 
  did you play for your school ? 
  jealous of coming second to ireland again ? 
  you misinterpret me . 
  france is protecting your border when it 's not in their interest to do so . 
  recently the uk has done more to assist , but i remember a few months ago where the mayor of calais was in the uk and she said , i am paraphrasing , `` unless the uk gives us help we wo n't police the border anymore '' . 
  well , except for d\u00f6ner . 
  they seem to keep to themselves . 
  i see few mixed couples or even mixed groups of friends . 
  just my observations though . 
  fair play though in fairness . 
   we do take our fair share of refugees relative to our size and wealth . 
  eh , what ?
