  previously perhaps , but not this time . 
  britain is a fine eu member but i think they could do more to help the french in calais . 
  i can see the ads now `` just two euro can by a starving german an augustiner '' . 
  infamous perhaps . 
  love that song . 
  heard it being blasted out of an apartment in a turkish neighborhood in berlin . 
  made me homesick . 
  pity ireland ca n't do for the uk what the uk does for ireland . 
  edit : since people seem to be taking offenece . 
  i meant that as the uk is such a significant trading partner , if it is doing well it bouys the irish economy . 
  the same ca n't be said the other way round . 
  is ireland not the eurozones star performer ? 
  watch the guard then as well . 
  if you like dead man 's shoes you should watch 71 . 
  i think it 's called 71 . 
  the other cunts had been getting all the attention recently . 
  needed to get back in the headlines . 
  my sister ( irish ) and my brother-in-law ( english ) went up the other year on the 12th of all days and they said they were n't lynched even once . 
  why would a country want to puts itself in the same position as greece just to get a haircut . 
  that 's like shooting yourself in the foot because they have nice food at the hospital . 
  i agree . 
  when we look at the things that stopped the crisis becoming a catastrophe they were done at the last minute against german will , the bailouts and the big bazooka speech immediately come to mind . 
  also qe . 
  not true . 
  mention that you do n't think german bread is particularly good and you will envoke a nationalistic furore . 
  i do n't think he can run . 
  do n't waste your breath on them . 
  it 's quite helpful for people learning languages . 
  at least for anyway . 
  a what ? 
  is that the swedish way of saying `` making a mountain out of a molehill '' ? 
  jesus christ , thank you . 
  i could n't believe that article when i read it . 
  ye , the language is at a crossroads in my opinion . 
  they either need to let it die or completely revolutionise the way it is taught . 
  the current status quo is just a slow painful death . 
  yet to meet a tourist who can pronounce d\u00fan laoghaire correctly . 
  also ireland . 
  accent was n't that bad really . 
  ireland does . 
  i merely masquerade as a german , but i accept you love anyway . 
  prussians hate you too . 
  also the schwabs . 
  hopefully it 's the same today . 
  there 's been a bit of talk about the difference between rugby and football supporters . 
  i 'll give it a gander so . 
  i heard it kind of peters of towards the end . 
  is that so ? 
  perhaps you might like gegen die wand or wir kinder vom bahnhof zoo . 
  both are quite dark i believe . 
  looks like a kitchen utensil imo . 
  [ live updates here ] ( http://m.rte.ie/news/2015/0523/703207-live-count/ ), 
  i think it will be carried by a small majority similar to the divorce referendum . 
  ireland is a very young society though in comparison to other e.u. 
  countries . 
  thank you . 
  same to you . 
   not something you can say about any other countries ireland perhaps, 
  lots of black , black nikes with black skinny jeans and a black top . 
  which ties into the second part of my comment in that you are paying for the network . 
  do n't private schools consistently occupy the top ranks of feeder schools in the irish times ? 
  i we went to private school , you are paying to be part of the network rather than for the quality of the education . 
  right , apologies . 
  right , but ops link is for 2014 which is what we are talking about . 
  i did n't down vote you anyway . 
  gnp is even higher if i recall correctly . 
  [ ireland 's central statistic office puts it at 4.8 % ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/index.html ), 
  all aboard !, 
  4.5 % last year . 
  ireland stronger though . 
  not with the e.u immigrants anyway . 
  africans or middle eastern or just generally `` muslim '' looking immigrants might come in for more schtick . 
  there 's no irish equivilant to the edl as far as i 'm aware . 
  ca n't imagine someone proclaiming irish people to be racially superior with a straight face !, 
  source : irish edit : forgot edl, 
  no no its fine , poland is perfectly safe . 
  they would point at the ecb in frankfurt . 
  have you seen the one that bemoans the fact that irish people blab about everything and thus covert operations are almost impossible ? 
  might be from the first world war . 
  95 % if memory serves . 
  bread in berlin is shit unless you buy the more expensive stuff and if you buy the more expensive stuff in most european countries you get good bread . 
  cheap good bread is hard to find . 
  it will have you pulling your hair out . 
  when i was looking for a place i sent around 30-40 emails for every 1 response that i got . 
  ireland is voting on marriage equality in may and if it passes it will be enshrined in the constitution . 
  my german teacher in ireland was volga deutsch . 
  she was born in k\u00f6ln , her grandparents were back in germany doing business when the first world war broke out and got stuck there . 
  and there are still nazis in germany today , they just are n't in power . 
  the idea has not been eradicated . 
  their numbers ebb and flow and they are combated with ideas , enfranchisement , discourse , and by just generally offering an alternative to the narrative . 
  but you 're not speaking latin when you say decimate you 're speaking english , which is a living language . 
  german words which have entered the english language have also had their meanings changed or altered . 
  ersatz for example means replacement in both languages , but in english it carries negative connotations . 
  english is n't a stationary language , it is constantly evolving and always has been . 
  what you 're describing is pedantry . 
  we decided we did n't like e-voting after spending 54 $ million on the machines . 
  so , you know ... 
  i 'm not a fine gael fundamentalist but i know what you mean . 
  fine fail have just always seemed more corrupt to me , but then again i am from a fine gael family . 
  you are probably right in that they could be interchangeable .
