presumably because the irish taxpayers should n't be responsible for the reckless lending of private banks or the ecb . 
  just proves there is a bottom to the abyss . 
  it sure ai n't . 
  humility is a big thing in ireland . 
  in my opinion though germans are just very surprised that a native english speaking person would learn german and are just overly nice about it . 
  learnt in school but i was shite at it then did my erasmus in berlin . 
  learnt conversational german there and went to the goethe institute when i came back . 
  it 's a daily struggle . 
  in my school it was only about 10 % of the people who did german for their leaving certificate , the irish equivalent of the abi . 
  none of us spoke particularly good german by the end of it . 
  ireland 's not in schengen and i do n't think that would change . 
  i really ca n't imagine that parties on either side would put up a border . 
  if britain were to leave e.u. 
  there would not be a border between the republic and the north . 
  it would be pollitically impossible . 
  the ira carried out huge bombing campaigns . 
  i am an irish emigrant / advancing ireland imperialist agenda . 
  bertie said something similar back in the day . 
   ( and rent i think too ) do you mean pension ? 
  as in , rente ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the bike insurance is just in the states . 
  they are syrian refugees not economic migrants . 
  in fairness a more fitting send off for bod could n't have been scripted . 
  beating france in france for only the second time in 40 years * , the time before that being the game that announced his presence on the world stage . 
  and denying england in the process !, 
  * open to correction on this . 
  where ? 
  i never paid anything near this in zurich . 
  why a sternly worded letter of course !, 
  to be honest i do n't know . 
  someone ( i think de grauwe ) suggested a fine that was a % of gdp . 
  60 % of debt turned into eurobonds everything after issued in the countries own name . 
  ecb as lender of last resort with strings attached . 
  actual consequences when a country breeches the terms of the maastricht treaty . 
  there 's a fuck ton of them in berlin, 
  prostpone should be a word . 
  some of us emmigrants went to germany . 
  fine gael is a centre right party that does centre right things . 
  also there is massive emigration . 
  i object to the americanization of european racism !, 
  we should use our own racist flags . 
  they 're giving a lot of schtick to the poles as well . 
   imagine a man being punched in the face really hard . 
  imagine a woman being punched in the face really hard . 
  you 've got it the wrong way round . 
  since there man or women is committing the crime it should be , * imagine a women punching you in the face * imagine a man punching you in the face . 
   the focus should be on health , housing and treatment for drug addiction to reduce reoffending , its report said . 
  seems reasonable enough . 
  why hate the queen ? 
  what has she ever done , shes just a powerless figurehead . 
  i meant that the kerrygold that is sold in ireland is different to the kerrygold sold in germany , even the salted one . 
  it 's not the same as the butter in ireland though . 
  they taste different , i 'm not sure why . 
  i think the butter sold in germany has a lower salt content . 
  lack of evidence against him . 
  the article talks about the boston tapes , in it [ brendan hughes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brendan_hughes ) talks about the murder and says that gerry adams had to have known about it . 
  [ here is the documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysb_xhn2l6s ) , it is definitely worth watching . 
  he most likely had knowledge of it or was part of the `` leaders '' who orchestrated it . 
  185 subway 's across the uk and ireland adapt their menu to meet local demands . 
  the first one . 
  is there no bastards in latvia ? 
  hey , some of us are n't that insanely white !, 
  more of a sickly grey . 
  the e.u ca n't / wo n't do anything for the same reason the u.s has done nothing in syria because if they openly push russia here then russia push back somewhere else . 
  i think it holds true in some places but it will naturally vary school to school and teacher to teacher . 
  my entire schooling was in a catholic ( marist ) school . 
  i received sex ed three times as far as i can recall . 
  the first time i was around 11/12 and it covered some basic stuff . 
  in secondary school ( 13-18 ) we covered it in biology for a state exam we take at 15 . 
  the last time was when i was 17/18 and it was more in depth , talking about std 's and homosexuality . 
  the ethos of the school was quite catholic with mass once a month and confession every now and then but i do n't think the teachers i had we overly religious . 
  i do remember being told that abstinence was the only guarantee against stds and pregnancy but also in the same breath that if we do have sex to wear a condom . 
  london and paris are light years ahead of berlin in this regard . 
   there 's nothing that unites europeans ( other than maybe antisemitism , antiziganism and the will to keep the blacks south of the mediterranean sea ) . 
  while this may untie the racists and xenophobes there are other things that unite europeans . 
  you need only go to any major music festival to see something less distasteful bringing europeans together . 
  do you agree with the restrictions that countries like the u.k put on you then ? 
  would things be any different if you were still outside the e.u , in the russian bloc perhaps ? 
   pretty much the only institution that truly worked was the truly european ecb , which almost single-handedly saved the euro . 
  i disagree with you here , the ecb should have stepped in immediately as the lender of last resort . 
  their procrastinating seriously exacerbated the crisis . 
  admittedly the ecb is n't allowed intervene in the bond markets but they managed to circumnavigate that anyway . 
  i doubt it , anyone that actually wants an abortion goes to england . 
  we have the highest birth rate in europe so it 's obviously an effective method . 
  the germans could do with adopting it . 
  same here . 
  passing out drunk open mouthed in each others arms . 
  [ this is fairytale of ny in irish ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvdsd_mlqio ) . 
  probably a language people rarely get to hear even if they come to ireland . 
  [ alternatively this is the weather forecast . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5w47eqmbso ), 
  those cliff shitters are ones to talk . 
  i 'd choose [ these ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnffdirbe6w ) lads . 
  the same ones who brought you [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljpfzrrd3j8 ) gem awhile back, 
  it 's our president who is making the state visit not our taoiseach unless he too is making a visit . 
  ahgrandyeyourself ? 
  the [ central statistics office ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/releasesandpublications/er/pme/populationandmigrationestimatesapril2013/#.unjwjvncu1i ) puts the number of non-irish born at around 11 % or 500,000 , 110,000 of these are british people . 
  do n't try make it sound like there is going to be race riots in dublin , our problems with integration are negligible compared to those on the continent . 
   noting that this is northern ireland  controlled detonation on a bomb found in county meath did you cheeky fuckers nick another county when we were n't looking ? 
  why is it some countries figureheads and other countries prime ministers ?
