education has been on a downwards spiral for the past 10 years . 
  just look at bac ( our sat ) results . 
  thank you !, 
  follow-up question : how hard is it for a fresh graduate to find a job in nuclear nowadays ? 
  do you see many interns , young engineers ? 
  hello . 
  thank you for taking time to answer some of our questions . 
  olkiluoto has been delayed for quite some time . 
  do you expect any such delays with this project ? 
  are there any supplementary safety features implemented post-fukushima besides the aac diesel generators ? 
  what is your opinion regarding the core catcher ? 
  it seems rather complex and requires an active system to cool the corium in case of an accident . 
  power uprates and plant life extensions . 
  they are possible , yet mishaps can happen , like at crystal river 3 in the us , that can terminate the project . 
  you mentioned reparation works in the cracks . 
  what do you think is a safe point where you can say that repairing a structure is no longer possible ? 
  edit : grammar . 
  still not perfect . 
  well , it 's either them or russia . 
  not really much of a choice now . 
  highly competitive market , at least that 's how it was when the infrastructure was first installed . 
  well we have a very crude but effective probing method popularized by a cultural and historical figure . 
  unfortunately , it would be a waste of natural resources to do so . 
  poor trees deserve better . 
  agreed . 
  this is all just wishful thinking . 
  even if let 's say we become an energy exporter , it will take at least a decade before any of this plans come to fruition . 
  second issue is the rapid depletion of our own resources if we start exporting . 
  we could be able to cover moldova 's gas requirements and export some electricity , but that 's about it . 
  right now we are barely self-sufficient in matters of coal , gas , uranium and we only cover 40 % of domestic oil consumption . 
  my honest concern as a romanian is the whole `` teasing nato '' approach putin has been taking lately . 
  kidnapping an estonian agent after obama 's speech seems like only the beginning . 
  i agree with what you said . 
  this is sensationalistic reporting . 
  still , for discussion sake , let 's say transnistria invades tomorrow . 
  what do you think will happen ? 
  will ukraine help you ? 
  will we help you a second time ? 
  what will nato 's stance be in this case ? 
  i 'm not trying to stir negative discussion . 
  i 'm just curious as to how all of this will end . 
  they can not keep this state indefinitely . 
  do you think transnistria will collapse from the inside before an armed conflict starts ? 
  or do you think a war with moldova and its potential allies will solve everything ? 
  to the moon !, 
  putin should sponsor dogecoin . 
  ok , seriously now . 
  football 2 . 
  handball 3 . 
  tennis edit : in case of no 2 and 3 we achieved results in womens division . 
  perhaps thats why he forgot to mention them . 
  european  trade  romanian . 
  it has nothing to do with the lack national pride , but with the wish to avoid being judged according to a certain stereotype . 
  edit : a word . 
  it 's an old [ stigma ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ) . 
  basically we 've always been skeptical of so called aid from the west since the end of wwii . 
  not only us , but the poles as well . 
  edit : do n't get me wrong . 
  i know the situation is different now , but things like this tend to stay engraved in peoples minds , especially since it 's taught to our children in schools . 
  some say that if aid from the west came wwii would have never started , since germans would n't have had enough oil to carry out a prolonged war . 
   soare soare cu dinti = sun with teeth = bright sun and clear skies during cold weather . 
  air france and china eastern are [ partners ] ( http://www.airfrance.com/sk/en/common/guidevoyageur/reseau/reseau_partenaire.htm ) . 
  i do n't know the exact details but when traveling from paris to shanghai , i flew with china eastern twice . 
  i 'm not sure how and if this ban will affect them at all . 
  remove kebab ... nah , but in all seriousness you guys are ok !, 
  and your country is beautiful and rich in history . 
  i grew up on the coast of the black sea so i got to hang out with turks sine i was a kid and went to istanbul and bursa a couple of times . 
  nice people , always helpful and your sweets are awesome . 
  three things i like most are : baclava , narghila and kebab of course . 
  not going to happen in the foreseeable future . 
  need to get rid of erdogan and then spend at least a decade fixing the damage he has done . 
  why is n't he in prison yet ? 
  sadly , do n't know that much about him . 
  will read more . 
  orban 's recent speeches remind me of [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian\u2013romanian_war_of_1919 ) . 
  add to that the recent situation in ukraine and well ... 
  guess it 's time to dust off the old ak , feed the horses and prepare for the worst . 
   some historical reasons maybe ? 
  i do n't think many people in the present day take all of that into account . 
  if they did , the fact that uk and france screwed us over in both world wars would lessen their present day popularity by a lot . 
  anyways , that 's all in the past and it 's the present that matters . 
  i think most of it has to do with the press and their lack of coverage . 
  whenever i hear about serbia it has to do with either things like flooding or kosovo . 
  it 's a shame really , but i blame our media for this . 
  yes , we always had a great economic and diplomatic relationship . 
  we share two hydroelectric power plants on the danube river among other things . 
  i still think that you are our friendliest neighbor . 
  hold your horses !, 
  we need them for the mounted cavalry of ` volunteers ' we 're going to send to moldova in case this conflict reaches transnistria . 
  that 's if they end up in prison . 
  [ history ] ( http://www.stripes.com/news/vangoethem-cleared-of-major-charges-in-romanian-s-death-1.44302 ) has proven otherwise . 
  nothing will happen even if we try . 
  this is n't the first case either . 
  they got away with only an official warning for murder , so it would n't surprise me if that happened this time as well . 
  heh , it does sound a bit weird does n't it ? 
  still , 20 % of our language is of slavic origin so it 's not that uncommon . 
  if anything , the plan to finally finish construction of the two remaining npps at cernavoda will help even more . 
  the question is , what will we do from now on ? 
  will we ever reach a point where we have gas surplus and are able to sell it to our neighbors ? 
  notice a pattern ?
