  as a swede , any kind of concession - even in a mutually beneficial union - to * dansken * is an instinctively ridiculous idea . 
  * however * , if i make an effort i can shut down that part of my brain and then i ca n't help but agree that a nordic union sounds utterly lovely . 
  you 're not helping . 
  reasonable !, 
  what 's the reasoning behind ignoring this rule for this particular post and `` a few others '' ? 
  seems pretty arbitrary . 
  have we no shame ? 
  order some [ djungelvr\u00e5l ] ( https://www.torebrings.se/bilder/artikelbilder/911293.jpg ) as well next time !, 
  you will thank me when you offer it to an innocent friend and watch the subsequent reaction as their taste buds register the presence of the devil in their mouths . 
  i do n't know where he 's getting that from . 
  our coffee is n't more expensive than in most other western countries . 
  we drink a ton of it though . 
  only finland is ahead of us in coffee consumption , if i recall correctly . 
  i 'm happy for your sake , because that 's the only way to do it , really . 
  additionally , most swedes open it under water in a bucket . 
  only youtubers open that monstrosity indoors . 
  suicidal savages . 
  also , daim is the fucking bomb . 
  we send a couple of cans to youtubers now and then and have a few people in the north eat it once a year just to perpetuate the stereotype . 
  it keeps the danes away . 
  i would n't be so quick to give up on sk\u00e5ne . 
  sk\u00e5ne is the region of sweden that stands for most of the country 's agricultural produce . 
  as a result of losing this important region to sweden back in the day , the lack of proper vegetables and nutrition in the danish diet is what today makes them the least intellectually rich people in europe and are by modern scientists classified as merely one or two generations of dna decay away from being able to successfully mate with the common chimpanzee . 
  better luck next time, 
  actually i * was * at ikea today !, 
  no regrets . 
  it 's important to understand that sk\u00e5ne is the region of sweden that stands for most of the country 's agricultural produce . 
  as a result of losing this important region to sweden , the lack of proper vegetables and nutrition in the danish diet is what today makes them the least intellectually rich people in europe and are by modern scientists classified as merely one or two generations of dna decay away from being able to successfully mate with the common chimpanzee . 
  you can never trust danish `` research '' . 
  we all know this . 
  [ aahhh ] ( https://i.redd.it/6bp3e01uikwx.png ), 
  well then you obviously have a medical reason for performing the procedure . 
  no one is claiming that the procedure itself should be banned , only the tradition of doing it to little boys without a medical need for it . 
  #i want to believe, 
  this is such a strange conversation . 
  i do n't think it 's self-hatred . 
  we like to `` hate '' on ourselves but thats really just an emotional outlet and for comedy . 
  we do n't hate ourselves . 
  why the fuck would we ? 
  that would be like , counter-evolutionary or something . 
  we like to complain for sport . 
  just let us invade you like in the good ol' days and your citizenship will be granted promptly . 
  yeah , i suppose . 
  the subtext is an important part . 
  swedish humour and communication in general is ripe with subtext . 
  the traditional warmongering concepts of glory and honor are pretty blatant , so you wo n't see much of that here . 
  i think this is an aspect of swedish culture that makes us feel close to the uk . 
  i feel like both cultures embrace irony and sarcasm in a way that can confuse outsiders . 
  those `` warrior philosophers '' are more like war romantics . 
  the romance of war runs deep in society . 
  the patriotism actually runs pretty deep . 
  we just do n't feel the need to constantly vocalize it . 
  we know that we love our country , we do n't need to shout about it all the time . 
  yeah , comment op does n't really convey the context . 
  it 's a joke that does n't really translate . 
  uh oh , looks like someone 's been friendly with the russian mob lately . 
  i think this would be appreciated in r/mapporn, 
  santy !, 
  you guys are so cuuuuute < 3, 
  no annexation , no friendship . 
  you ca n't put yourself in the shoes of a common soldier from those days . 
  unlike today where we have the internet and effortless communication and knowledge exchange , people at the time were very confined by the intellectual environment they happened to be born into . 
  this is not an apologist 's attempt to justify the gruesomeness of ww2 , but to emphasize the impossible difficulty of retroactively determining the different levels of moral responsibility in these tragic events . 
  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  find `` jamie does stockholm '' on youtube . 
  jamie oliver shows how to make traditional swedish food , including gravlax . 
  and surstr\u00f6mming as well if i remember correctly . 
  your heart was in the right place though < 3 but our friends to the west are bros. 
  pretty poor joke . 
  you should 've used denmark instead , 
  since when is sweden communist ? 
  nah they 've looked like this since the 70s . 
  our subway is actually very clean . 
  i would guess that these are taken late at night , which is when they clean it and also the time there 's the least amount of people around :, 
  i 've done exactly that but not because i wanted to haha . 
  i was looking for my friend who had gotten lost . 
  it was his first trip and we freaked out a bit . 
  he wandered around stockholm aimlessly for 3 hours and we never found him . 
  might 've been the stress , but i do n't recommend the busy subway as a setting for acid , hehe . 
  it was n't pleasant . 
  it 's been like this since the 70s , actually . 
  or to be more precise , it 's been an ongoing art project * since * the 70s . 
  but the stations pictured were designed and opened in the 70s . 
  you probably picked the absolutely most boring of all the stations . 
  most of them out on the farthest end of the lines . 
  to compare you need to show pictures of the same stations as the op . 
  of course not all stations look great , but your comparison is unfair . 
  one might even say that that 's how language works . 
  `` traditionally '' is just a very inaccurate and misleading word in this case . 
  it 's a thing , yes , but it 's not a goddamn * tradition * . 
  `` traditionally '' is a very inaccurate and misleading word here . 
  it 's a known thing , but it 's not a goddamn tradition . 
  dang , i just outed my lacklustre knowledge of the difference between different women 's clothing . 
  and in swedish . 
  * scandinavian linguistics high-five *, 
  ^ it 's a boring joke, 
  nice save . 
  the national day is a celebration of a country 's successes , though . 
  if it had been a post about historicity then of course he should be included . 
  his face should just not be placed in a context of celebration .
