map of honesty . 
  well we would n't really learn english efficiently either just by seeing subtitled movies in english for entertainment . 
  it 's more that it helps maintain and expand your proficiency if you already know the language , which is something we learn in school . 
  lol wtf is happening . 
  care to explain ? 
  seriously , is this a thing ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i laughed out loud at your comment but you generalize so broadly with the `` dutch urban kids '' that it makes it hard to believe you 're not exaggerating a ton here . 
  or are you still only talking about the smaller demographic of sexually desperate religious kids ? 
  so cool , so edgy . 
  `` thanks brexit '' is the new , european `` thanks obama '', 
  thanks . 
  i am too . 
  we called it `` the blanket of scars '' and it was amazing . 
  i might have made a joke about guantanamo bay as part of dirty talk and i guess she decided i could n't satisfy her . 
  i really miss that girl . 
  i once knew a girl who was sexually attracted to barbed wire fences . 
  like , for real . 
  so waiting in line , why not ? 
  fun fact : both in the proto-germanic religious origins and the subsequent religions known as norse and germanic paganism , thunder and thor were not separate things . 
  thor was thunder , donar was donner . 
  the linguistic split between the god and the weather phenomenon happened after these religions started to fade out . 
  then , while thunder was still something `` real '' whether you believed it was thor or not and something they still needed a word for , thor/donar was not . 
  hence the slightly different spelling we have today . 
  i do n't see why the two would be mutually exclusive . 
  in this case we 're not even talking about ideals . 
  we 're talking about aesthetics . 
  aesthetics have always flirted with the past , incorporating bits of it in the progressive present . 
  personally i love what you call `` rustic '' aesthetics , but i embrace novel and progressive problem solving wholeheartedly all the same . 
  could n't one argue that the idea of incorporating certain rustic aesthetics into modern progressive solutions is a very novel thing to do in itself ? 
  you seem to be a very bitter man . 
  absolutely !, 
  i 'm not at all claiming that modern architecture in inherently ugly . 
  while i * personally * consider most of the examples you linked to be quite ugly , i appreciate both way of thinking equally for different purposes . 
  i merely argue that claiming that one school of thought about architecture ( or art in general ) is `` obviously '' superior to the other is not possible since it all boils down to subjective appreciation rooted in deeply seated personal values and outlook . 
  the reason why i wrote so lengthily about it is because it fascinates me how things like this can be boiled down to ways of thinking about the world that have irked and inspired thought for thousands and thousands of years . 
  well , that 's a matter of philosophical perspective , really . 
  it can - with some imagination - be boiled down to a plato vs aristotle dichotomy , or even a romance vs rationality dichotomy . 
  plato argued that the non-material world of * experience * is just as real as the material , measurable world . 
  more real , even . 
  while aristotle was more scientific and dismissed these ideas as `` imagined '' and championed a more materialistic , measurable appreciation of the world ( scientific ) . 
  to relate that to architecture , one could argue that the appreciation of `` gingerbread houses '' originates in the rather platonic notion that the aesthetic experience of these so-called gingerbread houses create a more charismatic and romantic environment that far outshines the cold and boring experience of scientific , modern architecture simply because they leave an emotional impression . 
  no one can argue against the fact that modern architecture is superior in a practical sense ( = aristotle school of thought ) but it all boils down to personal world view : would you rather live in a maybe-not-so-practical-but-full-of-surprises apartment full of unique character , or a clean , functional apartment that makes things easier practically ? 
  how ? 
  manually in paint or something ? 
  ai n't nobody got time for that . 
  well played , danish propaganda worker . 
  i would n't be so quick to give up on sk\u00e5ne . 
  sk\u00e5ne is the region of sweden that stands for most of the country 's agricultural produce . 
  as a result of losing this important region to sweden back in the day , the lack of proper vegetables and nutrition in the danish diet is what today makes them the least intellectually rich people in europe and are by modern scientists classified as merely one or two generations of dna decay away from being able to successfully mate with the common chimpanzee . 
  pardon my ignorance , but what are you referencing specifically ? 
  someone disagreeing with you is not `` trash talk '' . 
  trash talk is when someone starts insulting the person making the argument instead of focusing on the argument itself . 
  for example , if this comment of mine had been something like `` i hope you enjoy that shrivelled putin dick , son '' instead of focusing on it was you wrote , then i 'd be trash talking . 
  if you ca n't handle that people are disagreeing with you without resorting to insulting strangers you know nothing about , reddit is probably not the place for you . 
  you are a * terrible * conversationalist . 
  u hvot m8, 
  i hope you like potato . 
  i would 've loved to contribute more if i had the time . 
  but yes i do see the inherent hypocrisy in my comment , which you accurately point out . 
  we do n't particularly like your kind here . 
  it 's known as the douche ban . 
  it was introduced by the great bert karlsson as an important measure for protecting our borders and keeping bad hombres out of our beautiful nation . 
  it 's a bigly , important ban resulted from an accumulation of data . 
  we have the best data . 
  the absolute best data . 
  not really . 
  i have n't read a swedish newspaper in 7 years . 
  they 're pretty shit . 
  you 're not providing any actual arguments against what that other guy is saying , making it very hard to take you seriously . 
  you 're essentially just saying things like `` stay ignorant , sheeple lol lmao '' like some 13 year old on 4chan . 
  that makes a discussion with you pretty futile . 
  i think you 've misunderstood that subreddit . 
  or , you 're just here to annoy europeans with mock , wilful ignorance , in which case you 're succeeding !, 
  the best way to annoy the danes is to point out that whenever people talk or think about them , sweden has to be used as a default point of reference in order to get any meaning across : `` it 's like swedish but with a potato in your mouth '' , `` it 's like sweden but with more bikes '' , `` it 's stupid sweden '' , and on and on . 
  naww , you provinces are so cute when you 're upset . 
  well , ragnar lodbrok never * actually * existed . 
  much like danish relevancy . 
  haha yes . 
  `` balle '' is one of several words for the swedish penis . 
  `` ballen '' is definitive form , so it 's `` the dick '' . 
  so `` bitterballen '' literally means `` the bitter dick '' :d, 
  i will always upvote bitterballen . 
  literally means `` bitter dick '' in swedish . 
  nederlands can into nordic !, 
  i honestly want the netherlands to join the nordics in a magnificent , super gay union . 
  we would become an enormous superpower . 
  we could rule the world in glorious gayness . 
  after days of hiding it from the world , the soviet union was forced to acknowledge the chernobyl disaster after an engineer at the forsmark nuclear power plant in sweden , 1000 miles away , noticed the radiation detectors go off as he walked into the plant . 
  this was obviously a surprise because usually this should only happen as the workers were * leaving * the plant . 
  upon further inspection , it turned out that the radioactive contamination was located on his shoes , meaning he had picked it up from the ground on his way into work . 
  swedish meteorologists immediately began studying the wind patterns of the previous few days in order to find the source of the contamination . 
  they found that the only place it could 've come from was in modern day ukraine . 
  they promptly reported the location of the source to the swedish government who in turn sent out an international notice . 
  this forced the ussr to acknowledge the event , and the disaster became an indisputable fact . 
  [ cnn editorial from 1996 ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/world/9604/26/chernobyl/230pm/index2.html ) -- source for the gif is the fantastic 2010 documentary * into eternity * . 
  it explores the nuclear waste storage facility `` onkalo '' currently being built deep into the bedrock in northern finland which is designed to store nuclear waste for the next 100,000 years . 
  the documentary explores the philosophical questions and inherent issues in designing something that is supposed to communicate its dangers to whatever sentient creatures will populate the earth 100,000 years from now . 
  will they heed our warnings or will they treat it the same way we treat archeological finds today ? 
  it 's a terrific documentary . 
  [ it 's available in low quality on youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuq-mhb4ovo ) but i recommend finding it by other means in order to enjoy the beautiful cinematography .
