well they do sink the boats themselves once they are near land or see a coast guard ship of the nation they try to reach . 
  the only sure way they wo n't be forced to turn around . 
  i like the way you use ad hominem arguments to prove something you believe . 
  how about you go ahead and believe what you wish about what kurdish people have been saying around europe . 
  and we the people who do n't know sociology , and `` have met a few kurds '' believe what the large communities of kurds around europe ( and in turkey ) are saying . 
  it 's a perspective you would like not to be true , but it is . 
  or maybe you should take a look at history and see that the pattern of characterizing the movements of people that disagree with an established governments as terrorists . 
  and my definition of terrorism is much better than yours . 
  terrorists are the people ( groups of people ) that use terror as a tool to impose their views and demands on the public . 
  pretty much what every turkish government has done since the foundation of the turkish state . 
  a few kurds heh . 
  there has been a constant conflict for about 40 years in southeastern turkey and no matter how hard turkey has tried to hide this truth , it 's out there . 
  kurds have a very different view than you . 
  and when you deploy troops and terrorise villages , bomb sites that are on a different country and jail mps and journalists of kurdish descent for expressing a different view than the government , i say that it 's a war . 
  so i 'm taking your comment with a huge dose of salt . 
  well there is already a `` civil war '' in turkey that goes on for at least 30 years . 
  and i 'm talking about the conflicts with the kurd population on the southeastern part of turkey . 
  turkey 's greatest fear right now is the possible materialization of a kurdish state on their southern borders . 
  that would really escalate the situation within their borders . 
  yes no one . 
  you probably do n't realize that there is a big difference in the depth of the sea on hollands reclamation of earth ( swallow sea ) to the aegean . 
  no one can build a fence on the sea . 
  to what ? 
  i guess you are from sweden ? 
  i partially understand your worries and train of thought , i simply believe that there are more humane and mutually beneficial ways to do that . 
  less people on earth can mean more people elsewere , which is something i 'm willing to discuss and realize.on the same time we could always get a partial solution on resolving the issues , that make those people come into your country looking for a life out of a war . 
  do n't always focus on the `` let them die '' solution . 
  your way of dealing with crimes is either tyrannical or bigoted . 
  if a local steals a loaf of bread he pays a fine , a legal immigrant gets deported ? 
  that is a double standard and goes against the principles most modern states are build upon ( namely egalitarianism ) . 
  everyone is equal against the law and if you want deportation for someone then you have to have it as a punishment for everyone . 
  a very dangerous belief you have . 
  because once you open that door , it wo n't take long to see your society being thrown back into a caste system of the old days , or even a totalitarian regime . 
  unless of course you prefer to become a serf again . 
  what i see is people that live in harsh conditions , with many health risks and even in germany or netherlands or anywhere they are being exploited by traffickers and dubious locals that see opportunities for exploitation . 
  they are not given everything . 
  the economic support applies only to refugees of war . 
  afghans are not refugees . 
  they are illegal immigrants looking for a new land of opportunity . 
  they do n't get any kind of help from any nation . 
  in any case i 'm not against deporting serious or repeating offenders . 
  i 'm against blind hate and extreme retaliation measures . 
  rape or murder are n't the only actions that break the law . 
  how about stealing a loaf of bread ? 
  how about any other minor crime that does n't justify the smallest amount of time in jail ? 
  you really need to look at the broader picture and not at the extremes only . 
  sadly similar cases have happened in greece too more than once . 
  and we are talking about the strict definition of rape . 
  it really does n't helps the immigrants as a whole , when this kind of news come out . 
  that is way too harsh . 
  there should be a logical barrier where a second opportunity is given . 
  it was never a free pass ( i do n't know where you are getting your info ) . 
  it was a proposition that came into play in 2016 not 2015 ( when tsipras and his companions thought they could blackmail eu ) , and was n't quite a formal proposal too . 
  also the decent thing is n't bowing out . 
  it 's paying up and taking the steps not to let this happen again . 
  and i do n't see uk acting on their word , when they demand that they will continue having a free access to eu market ( and not only ) , while they can restrict the access to their market . 
  i 'm pretty sure that neither you nor most redditors have knowledge on what really happened during the negotiations between affected parties , so blaming only troika for a not satisfactory solution is pretty much a search for a scapegoat . 
  greek governments have persistently denied the restructure of the state ( which is the main theme on every mou from 2010 until today ) , choosing instead to overtax the population . 
  that number might not be quite true . 
  many youngsters do work , but do it off the books ( thus stealing themselves and the state ) . 
  consider the fact that usa is/was ( no one knows yet what the current administration thinks ) very friendly with the idea of a kurdish state being formed . 
  a state that turkey does n't want to see forming , because it would mean that a considerable chunk of their southeastern territory will be disputed . 
  i call bullshit on everything over 50 % . 
  i 'm greek and the statement includes my country too . 
  considering that europe is interested in keeping at least the current eu borders , we know you will if things get there . 
  for the sake of everyone though let 's hope this war will never happen . 
  because it will escalate very quickly and very badly , especially now that trump is holding the reins of usa . 
  lol sorry dude , did n't realized it was a poem . 
  as a teenager in the 90 's i can assure you that you are gravely mistaken . 
  there was enough information going around about the kurdish issue . 
  as to what happened with ocalan , it 's another story , and it has to do with the fact , that he was leader of a group being characterized as terrorists by the usa . 
  who are the ones who put the right amount of pressure to make the events unfold . 
  do n't mind him he is overreacting a little bit . 
  truth is that there were a couple of times where diplomatic help would be useful with turkey , but as far as military is concerned , so far there has been no need thankfully . 
  well the real reason is that in this sensitive area it 's best to keep your 2 dogs pseudo fighting each other for petty causes , than having a big bully and a weak one . 
  it 's not the same alliance reason , that the war has n't happened so far . 
  for both countries the war will be devastating whichever way it plays out , and the western bloc in general prefer to keep both countries in a shape , that will be helpful should shit ( eg russia , iraq , a unified fundamentalist middle east ) happen . 
  you do know that no country will ever manage to pay off all their debts and greece even more so , right ? 
  very nice fort . 
  as far as i remember uk has been excluded from all negotiations within eurogroup regarding eu stance towards brexit negotiations ( between eu and uk ) . 
  i also remember that boris johnson has been publicly reprimanded for his statements that uk will help turkey get a place in the eu , after the referendum and while turkeys membership was one of the arguments brexit supporters used to their advantage . 
  is there any other exclusion that i 'm not aware of ? 
  well i 'm pretty sure that if aliens come on earth in peace , there will be many people that will side with them . 
  if they come here guns blazing , i 'm pretty sure they wo n't have a need for collaborators . 
  and after the first couple deaths of willing collaborators by the aliens , no one will be interested in siding with aliens, 
  an alien invasion would kickstart the global unification process , not just europe . 
  i do n't mind that tbh . 
  in case i 'm not mistaken plans are something that can be formed by anyone , either in government or not . 
  so i 'm pretty sure that the brexit supporters with parliamentary experience could have formulated plans for that . 
  because your main issue right now is that you have no plans at all ( the somewhat realistic ones at least ) . 
  which begs the question of what the politicians who supported the brexit really did have in their minds . 
  the one who was opposing brexit ? 
  that 's the guy who should have planned for the brexit ? 
  i 'm under the impression that the median rent price for athens is n't accurate . 
  it may be accurate for a 50 m ^ 2 apartment ( 1 bedroom ) , but it surely sounds a bit high right now for a 25 m ^ 2 apartment . 
  i live in a relatively expensive suburb in athens , in a 55m ^ 2 apartment andi pay 330 $ . 
  the smaller ones right now can go as low as 200 $ and surely not above 270 $ in this suburb . 
  i guess the info is slightly outdated . 
  russia did n't threat eu countries . 
  ukraine is not part of the eu , although certain nations did scheme for this to happen ( i do n't say they should n't , in fact i believe that the whole continent should become one nation , with many cultures ) .
