  russia was and still tries to find a new pack of influenced nations ( just like ussr ) , and that is a hard process . 
  their imperialism was the reason eu chose to act like that . 
  the hard cold truth is that no one is innocent in this mess . 
  the guilt is not equally shared , but no one can claim a higher ground . 
  because the real issue in greece is n't the economy , it 's the mentality of the people . 
  we as a nation have to solve our issues ( and by that i mean that on every level ) , to be able to solve our issues as a nation . 
  and that does n't happen as long as people tend to hide behind an ideology to purify their actions , while blaming the rest for every shortcoming . 
  right now there is no easy way out . 
  this answer would be different at 2009 - 2011 , but right now the answer is not an easy one . 
  first of all the public sector is in a need of a major restructure ( that was always the case ) , which now does n't mean firing people , but means modernizing the way it works and moving people around according to the demands of the state affairs . 
  greece is a nation that seriously lacks in efficiency due to ridiculous amounts of red tape , and denial of the public servants to reap the benefits of technology . 
  we also need to take a bold step in cutting down the state monopolies and unnecessary state agencies that produce nothing and function as a prize the politician hand out to their select few for electioneering . 
  what is most important is that the greek economy must somehow find a niche and exploit it , creating jobs and income for it 's people and the state . 
  this is a highly controversial matter , since the current state of global economy requires that businesses have to find a way to produce as cheaply as possible , which usually translates to cheap labor . 
  that is something the previous and current administrations are trying to do , by cutting down the basic wage . 
  of course this ca n't really work in an economic and regulation wise unstable environment , like greece is for 30 years now . 
  so we need a long term economic plan that all the governments will serve without deviation , and a clear and easy to understand and follow regulation scheme . 
  we also need to seriously cut down on the corruption , uninsured work , tax avoidance ( which is huge ) , dismiss the status quo of public workers ( they ca n't be fired , thus most tend to work as little as possible ) , and find new ventures for production . 
  [ greece ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greece#geography_and_climate ) is a country with only 11 million residents , and has an enormous amount of islands and mountainous terrain . 
  this drives the logistic costs way up , and makes the creation of a business here , less profitable than in countries of central europe . 
  a controversial proposal for greece right now , could be the legalization of cannabis . 
  this would lead to an increased number of tourists throughout the year ( greece is already a country that bases a lot of the economy on tourism ) . 
  greece has a climate that really helps with the cultivation of the plant ( greece was one of the major exporters for industrial hemp back in the day cannabis was legal in greece ) . 
  it would greatly help reduce the overpopulation of the jails , provide many people an opportunity to find a job ( many people own lands that produce nothing , because being a farmer right now is not that profitable ) , and would possibly provide the opportunity for pharmaceutical companies to invest in r&d units within greece , maybe even production at a reduced cost . 
  of course there a lot more that can be said and done , but it would require a thread of it 's own . 
  well i 'm pretty sure your professor has his own agenda , and skewed view according to his political views . 
  i bet he is a leftist too . 
  in reality though the german submarines ( which have been bought relatively cheaply and now their issues have been fixed ) , as well as the german tanks and whatever other military equipment you may think of , are not even one quarter of the debt owned by the greek state . 
  the real reason for the majority of the debt is , that the greek governments have misused the massive investments of eu for infrastructure , and they have been forced to massive loans to finish them and support a nepotistic system . 
  a system that did n't award your abilities but your connections with political figures . 
  and as someone who has seen these workings from the inside as a young boy , i find laughable that people still try to put the blame on a few corrupted politicians , when everyone ( and i ca n't stress this enough ) was trying to twist the arm of any political figure he/she knew , just to make sure that he got his favor ( which mostly included his children to get a spot in the public sector , where they could n't be fired unless they participated in a crime ) . 
  and we are talking about a public sector that overshadowed everything else , did produce almost nothing , and more often than not was being exploited for personal gain by the employees . 
  i will only put a quick example here . 
  in an economical audit for a municipality of attica ( and this is coming from the person that did the audit ) , it was proven ( via receipts ) that the child care station budget of the municipality was consistently being used by the employees , for their personal needs . 
  whiskeys ( from low end to high end ) , cigars , you name it , that had no reason to exist within a daycare station were found for years in the super market receipts ( last 5 years of course , they did n't keep a record beyond five years ) . 
  that audit took place at 2012 . 
  3 years into the greek crisis . 
  and i have a vast number of similar examples to boot . 
  so you will excuse me while i laugh with the ignorance of your professor on what was/is going on in the greek economy . 
  dude i believe you do n't even realize what you are talking about . 
  the albanians ( who crossed that border two decades ago , and still do to some extent ) were natives to this area , and knew the passages through and over the mountains . 
  the various illegal immigrants and refugees that end up on the greek isles , know nothing about the area and ca n't find those paths . 
  all of them had tried to go to germany via transportation ( either by road or by sea ) , when the transit routes closed . 
  many also have been left stranding around greece , denying themselves the opportunity to ask for asylum in greece ( they want to do that in germany ) , and becoming prey to the illegal networks . 
  really ? 
  are you a greek ? 
  sadly it is . 
  have n't done this before , but i 'm willing to help you out with this . 
  i 'll give you a fair warning though . 
  with the current prices in greece , 20 $ wo n't do that much . 
  we can discuss it via pm if you want . 
  ps do n't mind the whiny bollocks who try to place the blame on everyone except the greeks . 
  well i can surely give you some other examples . 
  being a crafty wee bastard does n't mean you are clever . 
  it means you can be manipulative and discern your personal interest from the rubble . 
  not the same thing as intelligent or wise . 
  his statements as foreign minister of the uk tend to prove that he is stupid and quite threatening . 
  another possible reason might be on the isp end . 
  the lns might face a bigger load than before , the path has been modified and added a few extra ms , the upstream provider is facing similar issues etc. 
  it might be server side with similar issues . 
  i can assure you though ( and that i ca n't stress that enough ) , that there is no way you are being punished for delaying a payment . 
  if you did n't pay you would n't have internet and that 's it . 
  there are no other penalties . 
  that is simply not true . 
  as a person who works for an isp ( part of dt extended family ) , i can assure you that there is no such policy for `` punishing '' people who fail to pay in time . 
  if your rttd is higher than usual , it 's due to other issues ( hardware degradation , cables failure etc ) . 
  the uniqueness of mona lisa is n't the woman that dominates the front line of the painting , but the background . 
  it 's the first painting that the background was painted with the purpose to give the impression of depth to the viewer , to make him feel that he is watching a 3d image . 
  of course you and me ca n't see that anymore , since the distance from the painting and the glass and the dimensions of the painting are prohibiting factors . 
  but that is the unique gem this painting offers ( and leonardo da vinci in extension ) . 
  not the image of a woman , but the first ( and successful at that ) attempt to recreate the impression of distance on a painting . 
  i would like to remind you that the ionian coasts were not invaded by greeks but colonized . 
  these colonies which were held at gunpoint ( at that time sword ) by the persian empire . 
  and were forced to contribute with men and whatever else needed during the invasion of the persian empire in greece . 
  turkish independence war from the ottoman oppression ? 
  really ?? 
  what kind of propaganda are you feeding upon ? 
  it was a turkish revolution the one ataturk started . 
  and furthermore the [ zone of smyrna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_smyrna ) was n't a part of this war , because at that time it was an independent state more or less under the protection of the great powers to protect the greek population that was living there . 
  what happened was the greeks due to the increased aggression of the tnm decided that they would deploy troops within the zone to protect the greeks ( who have been threatened in and out of the zone , as well as the pontic and armenian populations of the ottoman empire ) and make sure that the outcome of the referendum would favor greece . 
  it 's a very long story on why the greek troops violated the agreement and reached beyond the zone of smyrna . 
  the exact same argument ( protect the population that interests the nation ) was used by the turks to invade cyprus ( and cleverly enough avoid occupying the whole island , but only half of it , in order to avoid the same mistakes ) . 
  there were and still are a couple of military equipment industries in greece . 
  sadly all of them were victims of the general corrupted mindset that prevailed in greece during the late 20 years of the 20th century . 
  they did n't do any significant r&d , and whenever they did it was always way over budget and produced weapon systems that were plagued by a variety of issues . 
  the most notorious is an aa weapons system called artemis 30 ( the wikipedia article is severely lacking info on this one ) . 
  artemis 30 is a aa twin barrel gun which was designed to work in pairs and together with a radar and aa missiles . 
  but when the project reached it 's final stages it was shown that the interfaces for the radar and the aa missiles batteries were not compatible with any existing radar and aa missile system ( pretty much like apple ) . 
  they changed that , but at the end the whole r&d project costed way more than the original budget ( i think about 3 or 4 times more , but i do n't remember the exact numbers ) causing a huge scandal and basically killing the reputation of the project . 
  of course these companies were undermined by foreign interests , but that was n't the only and main reason they lost their credibility . 
  you can go and read the already available sources on the internet on the issue . 
  if you want someone to feed you , you want find him in me . 
  as i told you there was no independence issue . 
  google zone of smyrna and read away . 
  i was and am at work , with no time to do your work . 
  forgot the / s man . 
  i 'm surely not what you are claiming i am . 
  so my comment on you not having read about the whole situation remains true . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  the generalization was pretty bad .
