sure . 
  i can easily point out tibet , taiwan , beijing , hong kong , shenzhen , and shanghai because they are semi-autonomous provinces or famous areas . 
  like ukraine . 
  or quebec . 
  the question is , if an area is in the news , should people be able to identify where it is depending on whether it 's an internal geographic area or an independent nation . 
  louisiana is a significant us state with a unique culture and not a county of 100,000 people , that was all over the news for a year . 
  do you really think people should n't know where quebec is just because it 's an internal province ? 
  is it okay if a canadian does n't know where alaska is because it 's just a us state ? 
  i agree , but there is a huge difference between knowing the counties in ireland and knowing whether there is a difference between scotland and wales ( even though the uk operates as one unit for foreign affairs ) . 
  i 'm arguing the second point . 
  also , the ukraine was a region of the ussr when i was in school , so by that definition nobody should be expected to know where it is . 
  honestly i agree , we both have points . 
  obviously a country is easier to learn about than its individual states , but in the us our states are n't the same as provinces of eu countries , for the reasons i mentioned , but also for a long time they have been treated very independently . 
  more like the parts of the uk or former ussr . 
  shanghai is like one tenth the us economy . 
  and that is sort of my point - we know where shanghai and beijing and hong kong are because of their influence and significance . 
  because states or regions can be just as important as nations in world events , and also are covered by the news media more often . 
  for example most people do n't know the countries in south america and africa as well as in wealthier regions because there are n't as many cultural exports . 
  i do n't think most adults remember the details of their geography lessons as children , i think their knowledge is more recent ( also we are talking about news coverage ) . 
  because we all like to joke about others to feel better about ourselves . 
  americans like to joke that europeans are pussies . 
  europeans like to joke that americans are idiots . 
  and as much as we all want to think we 're smarter than this , most of us believe the stereotypes about foreign places at least a small amount . 
  us state = european country in population , economy and size . 
  please point out all the counties in pennsylvania . 
  edit : the us was never designed to be a sovereign nation in the european model . 
  it was more similar to , say , states in the former ussr . 
  for example , the ukraine , when i learned geography in school , was still a part of the soviet bloc . 
  edit 2 : obviously we do n't expect people to know the details of each internal region of a country as well as differences between countries . 
  i 'm saying that a small county and a semi-autonomous state with a large population and unique culture are very different things . 
  i love foreign policy like this , a very clear message but with a vague form of delivery . 
  also , european products will cost more , so european companies will make less , so investors will take money out of european companies and put it into other countries . 
  this movie makes me feel like we deserved 9/11, 
  we do have a fairly high gini , but i think a factor that buffers that is that our median income is pretty high . 
  generally i think our attitude is that we are more accepting of disparity as long as the average person is making enough . 
  i 'm not really sure what that says about the democratic process . 
   coming from a guy in the us maybe he thinks the us has problems too ? 
  i think that the physical and population size , * combined * with such wide diversity , has the effect that americans do n't relate to each other as much as those in a small european country do . 
  the results are subtle ; many feel as though their government is a faceless bureaucracy rather than a representation of themselves , so they do n't want to obey it , or pay their taxes , etc. 
  americans do n't care about the specifics of your nationality/ethnicity . 
  you do . 
  hm , i never knew that . 
  i thought that the mujahedeen was like the taliban and that the soviets invaded to overthrow them . 
  the bay of pigs was n't a proxy war , it was an invasion . 
  vietnam and korea were proxy wars . 
  the idea that the us invaded more places than the ussr is nonsense . 
  i think it 's logical to say that the us ( as well as other major european powers , due to former colonial control ) projected its power farther and into more areas , got more involved in more conflicts/arms sales/meddled in foreign regimes . 
  but the soviets just annexed countries that they wanted . 
  the idea that they were somehow more benevolent is ridiculous , they did n't have the good coastal areas to develop a big enough navy to invade anyone else . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  during the cold war the us invaded cuba , extremely half-assedly . 
  there were the proxy wars of vietnam and korea , but neither the us nor ussr invaded them . 
  the ussr at least invaded afghanistan and the eastern bloc . 
  the us had a lot of military involvement in south america , but none of it was invasions , it was almost all selling arms and covert actions . 
  imho america has been assimilating so many people for so long , that `` fitting in and getting along '' is considered far more important than your particular culture being respected . 
  one of the most important aspects of getting along is doing business with each other . 
  my ancestors changed their name to sound less german out of shame , and they started speaking only english , and i could n't care less about my german heritage . 
  they had to do what they had to do in order to sell their fruit and milk to the english and irish and italians that lived nearby . 
  so if someone else tries to say `` you have to change your behavior to respect our culture '' , we tell them to fuck off because i do n't even care that much about the culture of my own ancestors , much less theirs . 
  the downside is that your culture is a watered-down mix of everyone else 's . 
  the upside is people getting along and business getting done . 
   why do you guys not document germans , italians , brits , french , chinese , japanese , hawaiian , turk , greek , arab , persian , armenian , russian , swedish , norwegian because almost every american is a mix of these . 
  we 'd have to list literally thousands of potential combinations . 
  i personally am 7/8 german , 1/8 irish . 
  my girlfriend is german , welsh , and scottish . 
  my roommate in college was 1/4 japanese , 1/4 scottish and 1/2 sri lankan . 
   he considers himself japanese-american most of us just ignore people like this . 
  dude 's just a white guy . 
   i read they always saw carriers as implements of oppression that sounds just a smidgen like propaganda , more likely they would just rather invade other countries by land because they can . 
  most of their coastline is impassable 9 months of the year so lots of aircraft carriers would be stupid . 
  just to nitpick , i do n't think ron paul says that dictators are ok , but he 's just anti-intervention in most conflicts . 
  we 're just pulling all that dangerous radioactive uranium out of the ground and safely storing it in little metal packages . 
  this is our commitment to improving the environment . 
  i apologize , i was overly offensive , i took the above posters at face value . 
  but after looking at it i do n't see much in your post history that 's overly critical of your new country . 
  having said that , i defend the ( main ) point i was making , which was simply that you ca n't claim to be critical of america as an `` insider '' because you still identify as serbian . 
  btw , after looking at your post history , it seems you 're into linux . 
  i 've never used it but have an old pc i wanted to install it on . 
  is it pretty easy to download/burn a boot/install cd ? 
  when thinking about us politics , always bear in mind the size and population of the country . 
  i live near washington dc and know many people who work managing records and legal issues for our federal government , you ca n't even imagine the amount of bureaucracy when you implement a complex plan for 300 + million people . 
  similar to the struggles that the eu has when trying to coordinate monetary policy over such a large area . 
  that 's so much worse . 
  i 'm not going to move to serbia and complain about the serbians , then claim i can because `` i 'm a serbian citizen now '' . 
  if anything you are worse than the people who your post is complaining about . 
  they stereotype serbia because of recent atrocities and they do n't live there/know any better . 
  you stereotype america because ~ ~ you 're a dick and ~ ~ you want upvotes . 
  edited 'cause i was unnecessarily rude . 
  it 's true , i ca n't really think of any hungarian stereotypes , but i think if people want to they would just use the stereotype for eastern europe . 
  the simple answer is that most countries only started thinking about this in the 1950s or so . 
  at that time , the us had begun having a system in which companies would buy insurance for their employees . 
  due to the complexity and size of the country , most people thought it made more sense to keep this program going than try to implement a national plan . 
  this worked great for a while when our economy was doing well . 
  then we started regulating it bit-by-bit until , decades later , it became a huge , costly mess . 
  now we have to start fresh somehow but it 's an enormous task to take on . 
  also , as problematic as our system is , it 's not nearly as bad as the news makes it seem . 
  most poor people have healthcare . 
  we just hear about the disaster stories . 
  i like the flags because i thought they were supposed to give us context for someone 's comments .
