  like if someone from portugal and someone from belarus were arguing about what life is like in the shadow of russia , we would know who has more relevant experience . 
  my only problem is that when i do n't recognize a lesser-known flag i feel like i 'm fulfilling a stereotype about my own country . 
  first sanctions , then more sanctions , then america and nato arm eastern europe very heavily and hope that invading would then be too costly for putin . 
  i think no matter what it would be a proxy war again , to avoid nuclear conflict . 
  it seems to me that european nations keep sending each other the message , `` we do n't care how this policy will effect you '' . 
  the opinion of hungary should be at least as important to germans as the opinion of the immigrants . 
  we do this too much in the us as well , but we do n't have the crisis to bring it to the surface . 
  we all seem to put the needs and feelings of our own countrymen below our desire to be morally superior . 
  here in the us there are 3 simple restrictions on speech : - public obscenity ( i.e. , nudity , profanity able to be seen by anyone ) - enabling law breaking ( e.g. , publishing a map on where to buy crack cocaine ) . 
  - false speech that shows a `` clear and present danger '' to the public ( e.g. , shouting `` fire '' in a crowded theatre , causing a panic ) . 
  so in terms of * criminal prosecution * , the us has very strong free-speech protections . 
  the biggest problem we have ( in my opinion ) is that it 's also fairly easy to sue people here . 
  so you can say that you hate some group of people , but sometimes that group can sue you for money by claiming `` defamation of character '' . 
  even if it does n't succeed , it still cost you money to hire the lawyers , etc. 
  he also hopes the refugees have not read the book * the most dangerous game * . 
  also our entire system of numbers ( which i hear are pretty important in science ) . 
  you cheating bastard !, 
  1.3 is not even close to pi, 
  thomas jefferson protected your right to memes when he wrote the following in the first amendment : `` congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of memes , or prohibiting the dankness thereof ; or abridging the freedom of pepes , or of clickbait ; or the right of the people to switch to voat.co , and to petition the pao for a redress of grievances . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  i 've never been to any former soviet countries , i 'd really like to see them sometime . 
  they should gather up all the giant soviet statues and put them in one park . 
  this preserves the statues , while taking them out of their original `` glorifying '' context , also makes them a tourist destination . 
  your wikipedia link does n't support you , it supports the person you are arguing with . 
  it says nothing about work , and says that refugees need only to be in fear of their lives and be registered with the host country . 
  `` refugee '' is a temporary status . 
  so the idea that people are specifically seeking out the host countries they want to live in goes directly against this definition . 
  it 's just a silly word choice difference . 
  `` abnormal '' is usually associated with a defect or problem , therefore it has a negative connotation , even though the word itself does n't actually mean anything bad . 
  celtic already sounds like you 're trying to speak english with someone 's genitals in your mouth . 
  well , we also played golf and drove a car around . 
  you should definitely declare some descendant of king james v to be the rightful heir to the throne . 
  then you can settle disputes by having your royal families joust each other !, 
  it 's hilarious when countries plant their flags in remote places . 
  like the world is a giant board game . 
  both of your last two links were to completely wrong articles, 
  the washington post is only serious for the quality of its investigative journalism . 
  all of its lifestyle , opinion or other pieces are tabloid-style clickbait . 
  i had to look up the quote , i thought that you were sarcastically quoting a movie villain . 
  this is a great business idea . 
  protest tours : a bus that goes to beautiful , scenic places and protests things . 
  also , each day can have a different activity : sign-making , rock-throwing , lighting a car on fire , etc. 
  true , but i believe they 're a lot wealthier than the others . 
  it seems closely correlated with former states of the habsburg empire . 
  i guess they just had a lot more power and money when they were unified . 
  i guess what i 'm saying is that when the us moves some of its military away , then the eu will need to form its own armies , and that will likely increase eu political power . 
  personally i think it would help eu cooperation if we shut down most bases , because if there is a little bit more fear of russia it might make countries set aside their economic differences for security puposes . 
  bernie 's not going to win , but more importantly we 're not going to have the money or the political will to keep running the ~ 30 us military bases in the euro area . 
   rebuttals appeared in reports to congress and from the state department saying that it was impossible at the time to build a virus as complex as aids ; medical research had only gotten so far as to clone simple viruses . 
  i like that the defense was not that we * would n't * have invented aids ; it 's that we just were n't that advanced yet . 
  well , farage brought a sign as if he was a sports fan . 
  next they should all have vuvuzelas !, 
  i 'm from belgium , where there ai n't shit to do but cook ... delicious frites, 
  do you think it 's possible that the eu will use the grexit to strengthen its power over individual states ? 
  i 'm comparing the way that people of the same nation relate to , or vilify , each other . 
  the issues are obviously very different , but the anger and disgust expressed towards `` the other group '' seems similar . 
  i think it 's good to hear detailed voices of greeks on this , since we seem to hear so much from other european media , usually that share a similar viewpoint . 
  as an outsider , i 'm very surprised at the anger level in europe lately , and i really , really hope that people can channel their anger at each other into positive things , instead of bitterness and division . 
  it 's so incredibly pointless for nations to just throw our anger at each other , but that 's what centralized power does to you . 
  look at the recent confederate flag debate in the united states . 
  people get so angry , calling each other `` traitors '' or `` tyrants '' . 
  the war was 150 fucking years ago , but it still causes such strong reactions in people . 
  when you have a huge , centralized government , there is always one omnipresent conflict : `` should we give more or less power to the central government '' . 
  this causes constant separation and infighting . 
  autonomy or oppression , whether perceived or real , are some of the most emotional things nations fight about . 
  it 's a trap ... 
  i think we just discovered how the greeks plan on solving this crisis . 
  as an outsider , ireland in the past 2 decades seems to have been doing a good job making decisions and sticking to its plans . 
  sometimes the decisions are n't great - like the degree to which your banking system was leveraged - but the plan that you just mentioned , and the way you handled austerity , in general seems to work well , because it looks like you 1 . have an actual plan , and 2 . actually see it through . 
  even if bernie sanders and rand paul had mainstream politics , they are both too damn goofy looking to win the presidency . 
  all over the world , since elections have been televised , the most smooth-talking and agreeable candidates usually win . 
  for decades we were not obsessed with fiscal conservatism , but instead with preventing tax increases . 
  it 's very easy to increase debt when you spend money but do n't collect it . 
  this is possibly the dumbest way to be a `` consumer activist '' , but i stopped buying dart brand cups for my business because of kenneth dart and what he did to argentina . 
  have other countries seen an influx of greek young people looking for work ? 
  in the us i 've seen a lot of eastern european people with summer jobs , but almost no greeks . 
  ireland 's gdp is now on the upswing and , thanks to austerity , the interest rate it pays on its bonds has been decreasing for a few years now . 
  all i 'm saying is that he wanted to be neutral and krugman , as everyone knows , is not at all neutral . 
  so if he discusses those points then he 'd have to discuss a million other points as well . 
  he does n't have time to post every bit of context , he would then have to mention how austerity helped put ireland in a better fiscal position today , showing how the keynesians were wrong , etc , etc. 
  it 's exempt from state tax laws , it 's a state tax haven . 
  you should learn more about state corporate taxes if you 're interested in the subject . 
  this is stupid , us companies just do n't often use panamanian banks , especially the one that was breached . 
  we just use delaware , bermuda and the caymans to launder our money , their banks are much more well-established for this . 
  it 's like most europeans use switzerland , not nigeria . 
  also , panama accepts accounts from despots and mafia types that other places wo n't , so american companies do n't trust them as much . 
   and not even speaking about terrorist attacks in iraq or afghanistan against us structures/soliders . 
  that was actually one of the justifications given for the occupations . 
  it 's called the `` flypaper theory '' - you attract the terrorists to a conflict away from home . 
  we will defeat terrorism by any memes necessary, 
  i 'll never forget the looks of shock and relief on faces of adults when i heard that the berlin wall came down ( i was 12 years old at the time ) . 
  my teachers and parents - they were all so happy and somewhat surprised that it did not collapse into a big bloody mess . 
  well you are one salty fella, 
  yeah this is what i do all the time . 
  nice tvs are inexpensive here , we have 4 in our house ( of 2 people ) . 
  most times that we are doing a boring activity ( cooking , cleaning , working ) there is the news or a comedy on in the background . 
  even last night when we were sitting by the christmas tree reading , my fiancee put the tv on one of those `` fireplace '' netflix programs so that it felt more cozy in the living room . 
   the mass-shooting in the us sadly , you have to be more specific . 
  if you were talking about the recent shooter in virginia , he did everything ( recording and tweeting about it ) with the intention of spreading it online/via the media afterwards . 
  i 'm not talking about petty crime ; i 'm talking about poverty and murder/violent crime .
