works the same on the other side . 
  do you accept that overthrowing the president was illegal ? 
  if you could be absolutely sure who is and who is n't a russian troll , then yeah , that would be great . 
  but seriously , people like me , whose opinion is a bit different , get called trolls every single day . 
  i do know downvoting is meant for bad content , but let 's be honest : you will get downvoted whenever somebody disagrees with you . 
  i personally downvote very rarely , but yeah , it still happens . 
  no , anarchists are our biggest enemies . 
  by anti-government , i mean anti civic union , anti sld , anti psl , anti pis , anti tr and so on . 
  so i can like hitler because he kicked russian asses for quite some time ? 
  it is organized right from the top to be anti-government . 
  i participated in it last year , and the leaders screaming `` fuck the government '' does n't really feel like it is n't anti government . 
  lol . 
  there were no fights between antifa and all-polish youth this year . 
  i am a member of the mw , and i can tell you that we do n't treat antifa as any danger , rather - as idiots who do funny stuff . 
  the march is purely anti government . 
  the indepence day is n't anti government . 
  the independence march organized by the national movement is . 
  there is for example the presidential march too . 
  that one is purely about independence . 
  you really think they would kill 50k people ? 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  poland has 100k strong anti-government marches every year , so that 's nothing . 
  lol . 
  up to this point i did n't realize that these `` russian trolls '' everyone is talking about actually do exist , even less that they are on r/europe . 
  that 's funny because of how many times i 've been called a russian troll , lol ( lol ) to the trolls : plz contact me if you are real , i want to get paid too, 
  no , i do n't . 
  apology accepted, 
  wait a second ... are you a right wing troll or legit ? 
  i mean that nickname + that post ... 
  * where can i sign up ? 
  i already knew that last year , but finally it 's official : eurovision became a contest for retarded people !, 
  when i was in grade school i remember our english teacher teaching us that `` thief '' in english is `` gypsy '' i did n't realize gypsy means gypsy for at least a few years . 
  i do n't know why she taught us that , but i think she may have disliked gypsies . 
  well , if they did n't try to steal anything they most likely were n't gypsies, 
  that 's what i said , it has nothing to do with ethnicity . 
  the genetic differences are way to small to say they are n't equal . 
  yes , there are people with for example down syndrome , and they ca n't be treated like equals , but when it comes to ethnicities there are very small differences . 
  at least that 's what i read somewhere . 
  anyway . 
  i think it has nothing to do with the level of intelligence . 
  let 's say some families come to europe five hundred years ago from am undeveloped part of the world . 
  they want to live like other people do , but they soon realize that without knowing the language , they wo n't get any money . 
  out of hunger , they start stealing . 
  more and more . 
  people start hating them , they become even more isolated . 
  and their children have to steal too . 
  and so on . 
  we end up with them all over europe in the xxi century with stealing being so deep in their culture you ca n't fix it . 
  i explained carefully that being gypsy , to me , is not your ethnicity but the way you act towards other humans . 
  to cry about how ruined it became ;(, 
  better but i 'm pretty radical with my words, 
  stop spamming , you made your nonsense point . 
  gtfo . 
  i 'll ask you something and expect an honest answer : have you ever dealt with gypsies ? 
  google keyboard seems a bit russophobic . 
  you ... agree ... with me ?!, 
  this will be a neckbeard fest, 
  though i think gypsies are n't the most problematic minority in your country :p, 
  and now whole europe is called racist by americans who never met any gypsies . 
  i thought he said that she was pregnant so many times her belly was very loose and she was putin things into there through ... what is wrong with me, 
  and your point is ? 
  yes , i am no racist . 
  but of course somebody as brainwashed as you are wo n't understand it . 
  try going to a gypsy - only village at day ... or even better , at night . 
  you wo n't get out of there with all the stuff you had with you . 
  hell , i do n't know if you will get out of there at all . 
  `` culture serves man , not man culture '' i love this . 
  also , i just made this up : `` humans are equal ; cultures are not '', 
  [ this is how polish village war\u0119\u017c looks today after 70 years of ukrainian occupation ] ( http://www.wuja.republika.pl/foto1/kresy1/025.jpg ), 
  same in polen . 
  same in romania . 
  but you got ta agree these are hilarious, 
  sorry but socialism ca n't work . 
  like , i actually was a socialist a few years ago , for quite a long time . 
  seriously . 
  i was convincing people to vote for sld and tr . 
  then i started living in the real world and realized that only capitalism can cause growth . 
  socialism ca n't fix any economy , it can only destroy it . 
  hitler made giant debt , he had to start a war . 
  i do n't know man . 
  yes , russia is doing significantly worse now , but are these sanctions enough for it to go bancrupt ? 
  dictatorships do n't fall because they are evil . 
  they fall because they go bancrupt . 
  i tried searching for your old posts too but it was impossible due to how much you post . 
  you spend a little to much time on reddit . 
  are you really a socialist now ? 
  also , how can you tell if i am stupid only from my reddit posts if the vast majority of them is me trolling you guys and doing my stupid joke ? 
  yeah im wonderful, 
  no it absolutely makes you cool, 
  polan stronk this was so satisfying to read sorry, 
  why not ? 
  yeah , that 's me . 
  edit : well i actually vote for rn not because i agree with them but because i 'm a member . 
  and i 'm a member because that makes you cool . 
  korwin is mainly supported by young people because they use the internet which is free , and do not watch tv . 
  i never had an account there . 
  are you trying to tell me i am wrong ? 
  they do not like him . 
  the main tv channels ( government owned ) make it seem like there are only two parties in poland - po and pis . 
  people just try to choose the lesser evil .
