  so you agree with the implied assumption that eastern europe by default sucks , therefore the czech republic is a part of it because it sucks as well ? 
   there is no shame in that and no pride in being central european . 
  you got half of that right . 
  would be useful if central europe got a dose as well . 
  the obstructionism displayed by our world-renowned pen stealer at the time the legal battle for legalizing registered partnerships was waged exhausted our deputies to such a degree that the current mood for dealing with the issue of gay marriage is pretty much `` meh , we can still coast on this for a decade longer . '', 
  at least the adoption issue is moving forward . 
   gypsies , from all eu countries , are eu citizens as well and have a right to the freedom of movement do n't be silly , they 're another lifeform pushed upon the civilized folk by our alien overlords to punish us for our sins . 
   to make it appear worse i was n't aware that a culturally accepted practice of cutting into baby penises could possibly be made to appear worse . 
   it really helps hygiene every time i see this argument , all i can think about is how challenged in the hygiene department are you that a couple of extra seconds with a bar of soap is so unthinkable that the idea of taking a knife to your dick seems preferable ? 
  and yeah , a few seconds with soap is all it takes to keep the evil smegma jinn at bay . 
  step aside , [ we got this ] ( http://imgur.com/414rv6n ), 
  let 's hope . 
  maybe then this stultifying whining will finally be over and the actual issues can be debated on their merits once the extortion card is played . 
  exactly . 
  neither kevin dahlgren , nor pavel peca needed to be gun owners in order to go total psycho on their respective families . 
   ( maybe never ) fingers crossed . 
  it 's not about giving an incentive to czech gun owners to just go out and shoot whomever . 
  it 's a preventative measure to have a legal out in cases if such a situation ( i.e. 
  intervening against a terrorist ) were to arrise . 
  up until now , you could only shoot your gun in self-defense ( and whether or not your particular case qualifies as self-defense is then examined by the police and courts ) . 
  so technically , if you were to potentially shoot a violent criminal on a murderous rampage , you 'd have committed a criminal act yourself . 
  the polish do n't need guns , just let them drive . 
   czechia has made it legal to just give people a guns no . 
  the process of obtaining a license and then registering your gun ( which is anything but `` yeah , just take it , brah , whatever '' ) stays in place . 
  what changed is that using your weapon in situations other than strictly defined self-defense , that is in situations when you 're trying to stop an ogoing criminal act which is not necessarily directed against you ( i.e. 
  shooting a terrorist ) , will now be legal . 
  not every single corner in the world is a miniature version of the us where the same rules apply , nor is the us some primordial society from which everything else everywhere else is derived like it 's some kind of a natural law . 
  i can understand how americans might not understand this but seeing europeans turn around and wave the same `` look at murica '' non-argument genuinely confuses me . 
   it 's not like babis will start giving out guns instead of doughnuts . 
  the guns would probably be totally useless anyway if the quality of his doughnuts is anything to go by . 
  how in the everloving fuck is tweaking our gun laws showing a lack of solidarity with the eu ? 
  ( and since i see the whole united states of europe debate coming , let 's first acknowledge that while integration and unification of course definitely will mean losing some of our sovereignty , it 's utterly nonsensical to expect that every single law across the continent will be completely identical ), 
   the whole culture  `` we want all the cookies we can get but none of the responsibilities '' yeah , nope . 
  this can be easily turned around to ask why the hell do some people in the eu utterly lose their shit whenever the slightest resistance is encountered , and equate disagreement with a complete shirking of responsibilities . 
  furthermore , czechs have been very cooperative with the eu since the moment they joined . 
  it 's only recently that we raised perfectly valid complaints about a couple of issues , and suddenly we 're horrible moochers who really should reconsider why they 're in the eu if they hate it so much ? 
  yeah , that 's nothing but hysterical drivel . 
  oh come off it . 
  the czech republic has very little gun crime and almost none of it is committed with legally owned weapons . 
  additionally , the process of actually obtaining a license and then a gun is very well balanced and reasonable . 
  it 's not like all you need to do is have a pulse in order to get it . 
  how would you know ? 
  the sex is better . 
   no worries about non-muslims being radicalized what planet have you been living on ? 
  is it the same one where the first reaction after a terrorist attack is `` islamophobia is a serious problem , guys '' and where governments are losing their shit about the possibility of non-muslim radicalization to the point that they 're cracking down on internet hate speech ? 
  it 's been a routine complaint that authorities are more interested in addressing the issue of non-muslim radicalization than actually doing anything worthwhile about the terrorist threat itself . 
  that 's not how these things start . 
  ever heard the boiled frog metaphor ? 
  cultists do n't approach new members with their agenda fully revealed . 
  rather they utilize people 's feelings of loneliness , of being rejected and not wanted by those around them . 
  they listen to them , engage with them , and in the process emotionally manipulate them . 
  and before you know it , you 're making bigger and bigger concessions to the group in order to keep its favour , things that are getting more and more objectionable in and of themselves , but are really nothing special when compared to the compromises you 've already made and to what would happen if you were to say no . 
  and all the while you 're being fed a constant diet of `` we 're your family , we 're the ones who actually care about you while those outside the group are out to get you '' , something which is actually supported by genuine cases of hatred committed against you and people like you . 
  and from there it 's only a step to pointing to some holy book or other and going : `` show how devoted you are to us by doing exactly what it says . '', 
  we 're talking cults and brainwashing , not going `` hey , brah , wan na help me kill some faggy infidels ? '', 
  right off the bat . 
  so what , the teacher should have gone full game of thrones , always walking in front of the group with a huge-ass bell and loudly proclaiming `` these muslim students do not condone terrorism , these muslims students do not condone terrorism '' in order to prevent some poor triggered rednecks from getting their knickers in a twist ? 
   you should be tolerant of a bunch of people worshipping some imaginary figure in some book written thousands of years ago yeah , i believe the polish are overdoing it a bit , too . ^ muhedge, 
   multi-ethnic european countries have always been multi-ethnic to a varying degree . 
  there 's always been migrants and communities from other places in europe , and people have always made fuss about it . 
  the notion that european nation states were at some point purely mono ethnic is ahistorical unadulterated bullshit . 
   as much as polish looking so basically it 's not about values of a particular community , but about how dem darkies will stand out among all that white ? 
  [ very western ] ( https://9455pdx.files.wordpress.com/2016/09/british-gentleman-blog.jpg?w=980 ) vs. [ very slavic ] ( http://cdn77.sadanduseless.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/slav1.jpg ) i assume . 
  otherwise there 's of course the slight chance that that distinction might be completely bullshit . 
  i 've always considered it the hallmark of a true patriot to call your country on its bullshit . 
  patriotism is a meaningless nonsense if one does n't look for ways to make their country an overall better place on earth . 
  good thing to know that i no longer need to give a fuck when the polish in uk get collectively shat on because a few braindead chavs got their change back wrong . 
  that will really free up my time . 
  if your first thought after reading a story about how a bunch of young muslims kids got abused for no reason whatsoever is `` meh , muslims do n't get shit nearly often enough '' , you might be a part of the problem . 
  got ta admit , did n't see that one coming :-), 
  this is anything but `` banal shit '' . 
  this is naked unmitigated abuse with the sole purpose of displaying your utter and total rejection of the other party . 
  what do you think all those saudi hate preachers prey on ? 
  the feelings of muslims that not only are they foreigners in their european countries ( a common sentiment among many second-generation migrants ) , but that their european countries actively do n't want them . 
  or do you believe that muslims are just naturally predisposed to getting hooked up on all the crazy shit contained in a book written in a language they do n't know and which they for the most part never really read ? 
  this is exactly how dangerous cults are made - by throwing vulnerable young people to the wolves . 
   finally europe getting back to the `` traditional values '' europeans practiced for centuries . 
  what values are those , exactly ? 
  yeah , this treatment wo n't lead to hard feelings of alienation and rejection , ultimately making the young muslim community ripe for radicalization , i 'm sure . 
  on a sidenote , the selfridges building in birmingham was designed by the czech architect jan kaplick\u00fd who later went on to `` win '' the tender for a new national library building that was supposed to look like [ this ] ( http://i.lidovky.cz/10/012/lngal/mev30751d_119004_original1_ob6i9.jpg ) . 
  and as if it was n't enough , the building was supposed to compete for attention on the [ famous skyline ] ( http://www.ceskatelevize.cz/ct24/sites/default/files/styles/scale_1180/public/images/1333058-198191.jpg?itok=9gxl-ntw ) with nothing less than the prague castle itself . 
  after a major public outcry and some criticism from the architecture community ( a study was published that tore the design apart on the most basic construction level ) , the entire project was scrapped . 
  tldr , there are worse architectural abominations than a couple of tall buildings and if it comes out that kaplick\u00fd had major performance problems during his life i would n't be surprised one bit . 
  it 's always either that gay parents are going to abuse their children , especially if they 're men because we all know how hard it is for those sex-obsessed perverts in general to keep it in their pants , that sexual orientation can be transferred because kids naturally want to imitate their parents , or that the kid is going to grow up all damaged and confused by not seeing the typical parenting duo of `` man + woman '' , more specifically `` man + woman fulfilling the stereotypical gender roles because that 's how god intended it '' . 
  it 's just a long way to say `` i 'm a really stupid bigot . '', 
  in this case , it 's more or less about making lemonade out of lemons . 
  some of the high-rises at that particular spot have been there since long before the velvet revolution , all ridiculously spread out , fucking up the skyline and calling attention to themselves . 
  nobody 's going to tear them down as they 've become a rather important business centre , so the obvious solution is to fill the plot up with more high-rises to make it appear at least somewhat less conspicuous and feed the developers . 
  plus the older centre of prague is separated from pankr\u00e1c by the nusle bridge anyway , so it 's not like you 've got a [ hypermodern department store ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/birmingham_churches_and_selfridges.jpg ) stuck right next to a gothic church . 
  and let 's do it in the middle of winter . 
   china is buying half of czech republic is that eu faults as well ? 
  well , china is n't buying half the czech republic while calling us useless moochers who never did nutin for them , so you might see how the tendency to fly off the handle at every jab would be somewhat limited in that case . 
  exactly . 
  for a while , news in cz was dominated by stories of how socialist ministers have to come beg babi\u0161 for additional funds from his stringent budget . 
  look , i hate the guy with the power of thousand blazing grills , but going all `` har har typical ee money leach , unplug it now , reeeeee ! '', 
  is exceptionally retarded . 
  and yet another 400 + comments discussion on the ungrateful ee gibs who really should just stfu or get out in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  great linguist , too , this inventor of the czechoslovak language - is n't czech , is n't slovak , is n't really anything , but can be perfectly understood anyway for the measly price of only slight mental retardation . 
  actual eastern europe , i.e. 
  the specific countries characterized by a particular geographical location , proximity , and shared religious , cultural , and political influences , is a completely neutral term that bears no negative connotations at all - it simply designates one of the many european flavours that is more or less typical of a defined region .
