it 's not basically marriage as the two are n't legally equal . 
  there are things married people get ( widow 's pension , joint adoption rights , and joint property ) that merely registered partners do n't . 
  it 's not just about naming the relationship differently to point out that `` here be gayz '' . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` freedom '' - the process of entering or dissolving a partnership is the same as with marriage . 
  oh yeah , they 're [ hawtness ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-r84uf9ay438/uuujnzteuni/aaaaaaaaaac/fye8xbugrjg/s1600/spek04_ok.png ) personified . 
  that 's the thing : cz * does * have a race ( mainly roma ) problem , so it 's reasonable to expect us not to do particularly great on that front . 
  that being said , the results shown were utterly ridiculous and made little sense especially when put into context with other cee countries . 
  there 's absolutely no reason why one of the most pro-israeli nations in europe would be so much against jews , why we should score so abhorently with black people when compared to our neighbours , or why we would be so virulently anti-asian when the vietnamese are the one community that we openly praise to high heavens . 
  i sounds like such an awesome hipster commune when you put it like that . 
  so what , eurobarometer somehow magically picked us as the most racist country in all of europe when , by your logic , it would have paid off much more to exaggerate racism everywhere ? 
  what 's more likely , that there 's a targetted conspiracy because somebody has a hateboner for cz , or that there 's an incompetent hack working at a position where they have no place being ? 
  bad translators are fairly common , dude , and this looks like a typical case . 
  it 's the whole `` never ascribe to malice what you can plausibly ascribe to stupidity '' thing . 
  i bet you anything that your average czech understands `` dark faces '' as the roma , not black people , and non-eu migration as muslims - which , along with the pro-white thing , are the only of the eurostat maps that did n't scream `` utter bullshit '' to me . 
  does n't make it ok , of course , but it once again raises the question about how comparable the results are and how well the survey was formulated . 
  well that 's a deal-breaking blunder . 
  it 's the difference between `` would you mind '' and `` would you actively cheer for this '' . 
  most of the country is somewhere between irreligious and atheist and our birth rates are rising , so no . 
  while i do have some serious doubts about the accuracy of the data , it 's to a degree true that czechs do n't give a damn about many issues regarding diversity - until they start concerning them personally . 
  i can very well imagine that a typical czech person would n't care in the slightest about a full equalization of gay people as it 's a societal issue that has no impact on his personal life , yet at the same time might need some adjusting to finding out that his own kid is gay . 
  while a clear majority of people is favour of it , a lot of our ruling parties have a surprisingly socially conservative streak when it comes to lgbt issues . 
  just legalizing registered partnerships was a pain , and the parliament has only recently at least somewhat corrected the blatantly discriminatory approach to adoption rights . 
  the fact that lgbt issues are not seen by voters as a chief thing to base a voting decision on , rather a nice , optional supplement to a party 's economic policy , also does n't help . 
  overall , though , it 's only a matter of time . 
  if anything , our politicians generally hate appearing backwards in comparison to the west , so there 's that . 
  here 's to the privilege of living in a country too far removed to experience nazi rule first-hand , i guess . 
  if they 're on the street that means they 're definitely grass-fed which means ho boi , that must be some fine milk they 're producing = civilization confirmed . 
  wait wait wait , so czechs , one of the most if not the most atheist nations of europe , are supposedly not only less fine with atheists than some of the more religious countries , but simultaneously not that gung-ho about christians in comparison while , according to that other set of maps , being anti-muslim as hell ? 
  who are we for , then , the amish ? 
  that sneaking suspicion i had is becoming more and more pronounced : there 's something seriously iffy about this data . 
  either they asked some piss-drunk 60 year-old in some forgotten village in 3 a.m. , or we just once again confused the researchers with our `` seriously , fuck everybody and twice '' attitude . 
  wait wait wait , so czechs , one of the most if not the most atheist nations of europe , are supposedly not only less fine with atheists than some of the more religious countries , but simultaneously less ok with christians than with atheists while , according to that other set of maps , being anti-muslim as hell ? 
  who are we for , then , the amish ? 
  that sneaking suspicion i had is becoming more and more pronounced : there 's something seriously iffy about this data . 
  or we just once again confused the researchers with our `` seriously , fuck everybody '' attitude . 
  true , one might make the argument that the only way to experience a genuine cheese culture is to take a piece of skim edam , dunk it into a deep fryer , and cover it with tartar sauce . 
  well i am a simple gal with simple tastes . 
  consider it a step-up from sma\u017e\u00e1k . 
  good ol' [ bla\u0165\u00e1k ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/bla%c5%a5%c3%a1ck%c3%a9_zlato ), 
   greece is ( insanely ) western europe nah , we easterpoors are taking greece as a tax for people artificially keeping the cold war divide alive . 
  it 's the only thing that helps us deal . 
  so ... is the video trying to make a point that the english are really really provincial , unoriginal in their choice of names , and most likely heavily inbred ? 
  can you say `` oy none of you are grateful fuck off !, 
   it can act as a policy counter balance no , it can not . 
  v4 is successful as a regional framework dealing with regional issues that concern its members on regional level . 
  but when it comes to eu-wide policy , foreign interests , and acting as a unified group on the broader international stage ? 
  forget it . 
  there are only two things in this regard that v4 can actually agree on - nato yay , refugee quotas boo . 
  slovakia is already caving in on the latter and it 's expected that cz is soon going to start distancing itself more and more from v4 as we really do n't want to be lumped in together with what 's currently going on in poland and hungary . 
   in general , the `` elite '' politicians of slovakia and the czech republic consider any pan-slavic ideas or ideas of slavic unification and unity as a sign of extremism . 
  not to mention an invitation to russia to just assume that they 're naturally would be the leader in such a tree-house . 
  taking points off for inaccuracy as zeman stands straight and is n't slobbering drunk . 
  it 's very comforting , thinking that one can find the truth by just flipping the plus sign and declare what 's previously been considered unreservedly good unreservedly bad . 
  however , reality is rarely that nice and simple and history never is . 
  both sides are off : the ones who claim hussites to be peachy clean unproblematic heroes , and those who measure them up to what 's now viewed as acceptable through our modern optics , with predictably unflattering results . 
  my guess would be that western europe has , in the past , squandered any and all good will when it comes to being considered a reliable partner in the matters of cee security , and has so far done precious little to rebuild it . 
  mind you , i have no illusions about the bleeding heart of usa and personally am somewhat wary about their , let 's say , warmongering tendencies , but i can perfectly understand that when faced with a choice as to who to place a greater trust in , a lot of people go with the party that has yet to cynically fuck them over . 
  yes , it was very shameful of our government not to allow the thousands of ordinary men who voluntarily enlisted and demanded we fight to mount a suicidal last hurrah that we could n't have won and that would n't have achieved anything but bring brutal reprisals against general population , as well as brand us as aggressors because the international community lost its fucking mind . 
  very different situations . 
  honestly , man , what the hell are you even on . 
  the casual oppressive appropriation of halu\u0161ky , gawd , never forget !, 
  also by that token , how the hell is n't the czech date at the very least 1989 ? 
  you 're going about it the rational way . 
  that 's not what this is about . 
  there 's a pretty general * feeling * that we should have fought no matter what , that the resistance should have been more widespread , that the very existence of the protectorate is an evidence and condemnation of our innate cowardice - simply put , victim blaming and a survivor 's guilt . 
  it has nothing to do with a rational evaluation of what a small nation without allies could have reasonably done against an invading enemy . 
  the ever-present national self-loathing on full display , ladies and gentlemen . 
  who gives a damn about historical accuracy , just bring on the flagellation . 
  `` european '' is way too broad a description . 
  the fact of the matter is , we do n't share a common identity because we do n't share common historical experiences , common cultures , sometimes even common core values . 
  like , what the hell does being a `` european '' mean at this point outside of living on a specific continent ? 
  and why should one be proud of that ? 
  ask this a few hundred years down the line if the federalization happens and an actual european identity takes hold . 
  right now , we 're still just past the 13 colonies stage . 
  pretty much . 
  though to be perfectly honest , i would n't put leaving the eu to vote in the current situation , not with every secret agency in the country furiously sounding the alarm that russia is doing their damnest to flood the public space with fake bullshit . 
  it 's a knee-jerk reaction to a supranational entity telling us what to do . 
  that 's literary it . 
  after 400 years of that shit , it does n't matter that this time we actually voluntarily joined this particular supranational entity - it will take a very long time before even the least consequential regulations stop triggering the fuck out of us . 
  yeah , no . 
  as germany 's unofficial seventeenth bundesland , we could kiss any dreams of having an economy goodbye and everybody knows it . 
  plus not even the staunchest eurosceptics are under any dellusion that our politicians could ever do a decent job outside the eu , let alone a better one - the general population may hate the eu to an obsessive degree , but they hate the czech political class even more . 
  and the fear of the glorious mati\u010dka in the east is still very much real despite the russian propaganda machine working overtime . 
   if you look to all objective indicators , russia today is a fake imperial pseudo-power . 
  outside of nuclear weapons and size of its territory , it is a doping , drinking , abortion and corruption superpower . 
  it has similar gdp to italy and lower average wages than romania . 
  that is how it shall be treated . 
  well damn , son , do n't sugarcoat it . 
  * m\u00e1m t\u011b r\u00e1d * would be more accurate in czech , or * i like you * . 
  the meaning is equal in the right context , but saying * i love you * is seen as overwrought theatrics and overdoing it . 
  `` from a septic truck to formula 1 '' ? 
  now that 's why you buy a newspaper !, 
  well we did have a guy who attempted to get off his ass to join isis and blow up some fire so i guess we 're not totally useless . 
  i 'll proudly take the submissive surrendering svejks over this shit any day . 
  i like how we 're basically the incessant probing dick of the empire . 
  better training montage than rocky . 
  i 'm not being completely serious , but can we even be called eurosceptic with these results ? 
  all i 'm saying is that if we 'd compare the divide between how much european countries hate their own governments vs. how much they hate eu , i 'd be surprised if we did n't turn out relatively europhilic . 
  after all , we do seem to be pining something fierce for the times when defenestrations were still a thing . 
  well , to put it very simply , we 're electing our very own mini-trump in a few months , complete with disdain for the democratic process , some very shady financial dealings , political past , and shaky grasp of the language .
