  it becomes a loaded term only when applied to the entirety of the former eastern bloc because : * in order to lump all countries in the former eastern bloc under the same umbrella , you need to completely ignore their particular characteristics , issues , histories , advantages , disadvantages , even the specifics of their cold war legacy . 
  central europe is n't the same as the baltics as eastern europe as balkans as southeastern europe , yet calling all of them `` eastern europe '' forces you to discount all of that . 
  * it revives a chapter in history that most people in the former eastern bloc really want to distance themselves from , and keeps it alive by pretending it 's still somehow relevant . 
  * sadly , when the media , politicians , and then regular citizens in the west try to keep the iron curtain erect and maintain the cold war linguistic difference between `` us here '' and `` them over there '' , it supports a lot of ingrained stereotypes , prejudices , and outright hateful rhetoric . 
  problems with a particular group from a particular country stop being an individual issue with that particular group from a particular country and become indicative of the entire eastern bloc , of how much `` they '' are different/backwards/uncivilized as opposed to us and how much `` they '' still have to learn . 
  lastly , there really is no point in differentiating between particular regions of the `` west '' if we 're simply pointlessly chucking the other half of the continent under a shared moniker . 
  the very term `` east '' ( as in eastern bloc ) directly invokes the cold war dichotomy of west vs. east . 
  either we 're dispensing with the umbrella term of ee and then we can talk about scandinavia , benelux , southern europe , the isles , or we 're simply staying firmly planted in the cold war terminology . 
  only when we want to bemoan what horrible beasts we are . 
  do n't worry , 's ok , not shitty and detestable at all . 
  / nods wisely /, 
  he managed to coast on reforms done by the previous government , as well as on the general economic growth that had nothing to do with him , and sell it as his own work , achieved by him `` running the state as a business '' . 
  he 's also riding the trump-wave of `` let 's sweep away the corrupt politicians of yesteryear '' , as well as on the baffling conviction of many voters that since he 's already rich there 's no reason for him to dip into corruption and continue the proud trend of fucking the tax payer up the ass . 
  you 're much more optimistic about him than i am . 
  when i look at this media influencing , parliamentary discussion despising , porajmos denying , most likely eu funds stealing ex-commie oligarch who would really like to curb various checks and balances in order to push as much of his self-serving programme as quickly as possible , all i can think of is `` well , we truly fukd . '', 
  there 's also this little thing called expansion and creating demand . 
  once again , perpetually focusing on the same target group you know will buy your product as long as it 's liquid does n't seem like a particularly ingenious business plan . 
   could you give an example ? 
  would you insist on calling a gay person a homo or treat `` people of colour '' and `` coloureds '' as if those descriptions are one and the same , even after you 're asked not to do that ? 
  and before anyone brings it up , no , i 'm not trying to equate those things or suggest that the ee issue is anywhere near the same ballpark in terms of seriousness and importance . 
  but the underlying principle is the same - a person gets called a thing , asks not to be called that , supplies a preferred term , what 's so hard about using the preferred term ? 
   and it 's not about geography . 
  in that case , that 's even betterer , because now it 's not about a simple factual mistake , but about a loaded term that enables viewing a huge , diverse region as a homogenous monolith and treating people from that region according to a pre-conceived ( and let 's face it , mostly bullshit ) idea of what being from there means . 
  it completely ignores particulars in order to have a nicely wrapped package of conveniently stereotyped , interchangeably backwards europoors . 
  it 's like if sargon of akkad , paul joseph watson , steven crowder , and gavin mcinnes merged into one perfect bot to spout random lines . 
  well fortunately , none of it 's up to you ( i honestly wonder if you 'd apply the same reasoning to any other term that a particular group of people has a problem with ) . 
  most czechs happen to think it 's a very big deal and i for one am determined to repeat it till i 'm either blue in the face , or people in the west finally get it through their skull that a short period of political history does n't determine geography . 
  because we have never considered ourselves and historically never have been a part of the east - it 's an artificial distinction that exists solely because people in the west are determined to keep it alive . 
  we 'd had our own turf in the central europe and had way more dealings with the west than with the east in terms of history , politics , and culture . 
  measly forty years behind the iron curtain do n't change that . 
  i do n't get it - nobody talks about how croatia is in yugoslavia , people never mention ukraine and the soviet union in one breath , but somehow , mysteriously , the ex-communist countries of central europe are still being referred to as eastern europe because it 's convenient for westerners . 
  well fuck your convenience , good sirs . 
   1000 years as central european power < 40 years of being artificially annexed to the now non-existent soviet behemoth in the east i suppose we should be glad that we 're not called the protectorate anymore with this kind of logic . 
  and that the importance of math proficiency keeps being stressed more and more . 
  also that would put the czech republic somewhere between east and north-west off germany . 
  we 're basically poking them in the gut as is . 
  these discussions make me understand why the occupation happened in the first place . 
  anything but dealing with this space-defying conundrum . 
  i 'd understand it if you went `` czechs do n't have a sexism problem , not at all . '', 
  ( still somewhat far-fetched and exaggerated , but whatever ) but how does one particular dumb beauty peagant that got blown to bits by the people of the hosting country reflect on such a vast region as a whole ? 
  do i get to go `` well , prague is perpetually covered with british vomit , so clearly the west has a drinking problem ? '', 
  i do n't see how romanians/bulgarians/ukrainians are responsible for czech fuckups , and find this attitude that one specific country in ce is of course somehow representative of ee unbearably narcissistic . 
  do n't know about you but when i see a beautiful half-naked big-titted woman standing next to a lawnmower , it 's not exactly the lawnmower i 'm looking at ( and later remember when i 'm looking for something to cut grass with for some strange reason ) . 
  kinda shortsighted way to advertise anything , if you ask me . 
  plus i 'm pretty sure that the czech position as the largest consumers of beer per capita in the world is n't maintained solely by the dedicated male patriots hell bent on keeping it that way . 
  so what happened to the female-centric beer ad where magic mike serves me a cold lager using only his wonderfully toned buttcheaks ? 
  dad , is that you ? 
  let 's keep it purely geographic , muh dude , and not get into the ridiculous mea culpas about how ee like totally sucks , man , and therefore we must be a part of it because we 're the undisputed world heavyweight champions at sucking . 
  throw in something about german beer being better and you have a surefire brawl on your hands . 
  it [ is ] ( https://prasatecko.cz/ ) . 
  and it 's usually boring as all hell because surprise , surprise , sleazes are n't known for their originality and creative spirit . 
  at least the winner of the annual sexist pig contest wo n't be some clueless middle-aged tyre seller from the asshole of cz for once . 
  you need to forgive us , we never did get to enjoy having our very own saucy daddy in a sharp uniform who 'd let us vent our everpresent hateboner for minorities . 
  ( also what in the actual fuk ), 
  cool story , bro . 
  sure am looking forward to the legions of confirmed virgins who 'll dutifully delay their completely natural urges till they 're thirty - and then stop fucking altogether after their stable job stops being enough to support more than two kids . 
  edit : potato spelling and grammar . 
  oh , sure , getting married to the first person you fooled around with at the ripe age of 16 - what could possibly go wrong ? 
  the countries who are in no way members or associates of the political organization known as v4 need to loudly distance themselves from it in order not to be mistaken for participants in something that never concerned them in the first place ? 
  what kind of fresh fuckery is this ? 
  i know it 's fashionable to view cee as something homogenous akin to the borg and the individual countries as completely interchangeable , but it 's been almost thirty years since the fall of the iron curtain , please do keep up . 
  fundamental human rights of individuals , among other things , ca n't be subject to the decisions of others - that 's why little somethings called constitutional limits , like e.g. 
  charters of human rights , exist . 
  under no circumstances does a democratic order mean that you get to collectively decide to take something like a right to bodily integrity away and pretend that you 're still a good boy because after all , you took a vote on it . 
   we just want to have our own home where we can live as we like i have an inkling that there are polish women who might have a little something to say about how much their right to live as they like in their own country is treasured by the current government . 
  we really do need to bridge the gap by promoting the everloving shit out of irish coffee . 
  pretending that pis and orban are the mouthpieces of the whole cee makes it easier to extend the worst aspects of polish/hungarian politics to the entirety of central/eastern europe in order to paint it as a bunch of backwards schoolchildren who have just soo much to learn before their specific concerns can be taken even remotely seriously . 
  the cold war legacy is politically very profitable to some and simply ca n't be allowed to fucking die already . 
  yet it 's apparently cee exclusively that 's utterly dominated by populism . 
  this is quickly becoming my otp . 
  well if this has n't been enlightening . 
  if any central/eastern european posted something like this but changed the nationalities to middle eastern ones , it would have been immediately and justifiably used as an illustration of how hateful , prejudiced , xenophobic , and yeah , racist he/she is - and of course how typical this attitude is of those filthy squatting eastern europeans . 
  if anyone still keeps wondering why cee is quicker and quicker to scream about being treated like a third tier colony ? 
  this is why . 
  and this attitude is sadly prevalent as all hell . 
  but sure , my dude , you 're the civilized one . 
  you mean [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/central-europe/news/eu-suspends-funding-to-hungary-over-weak-controls/ ) or [ this ? 
  ] ( http://budapestbeacon.com/economics/eu-suspends-payment-of-usd-2-6-billion-of-development-funds-to-hungary/21879 ) i 'd venture to say that people on the ground theoretically might possibly care about the migrant crisis a teeny bit more and have their politicians ' balls in a somewhat firmer grasp over it . 
  every single word of this . 
  twice . 
  it genuinely shocks me that the enlightened position is supposed to be `` well , we 're too stupid and barbaric to know what 's good for us and demand to be treated like equal partners - better exchange being the involuntary buttboi of the east for being the voluntarily silent , obedient buttboi of the west . 
  that will show how civilized we are ! '', 
  assertivity ? 
  self-respect ? 
  independent thinking ? 
  not constantly looking for the perfect daddy ? 
  what even are those things ? 
   yeah , sure , let greece and italy deal with the influx of refugees all by themselves , so that devout christian eastern europeans can live their comfy lives with no foreigners speaking foreign tongues while at the same time immigrating in we . 
  this is not a choice between `` fuck greece and italy '' or `` get fucked yourself as a show of solidarity '' . 
  this is a choice between a conceptually flawed scheme that 's been dead on arrival or any of the other propositions that have been made by v4 and other member states which have been completely ignored . 
  i wonder why . 
   letting refugees in is not a problem , as long as you are white and christian how about actually wanting to be in poland , being able to easily integrate due to the similar languages , and posing zero security risks ? 
  plus this can be easily turned around to slam the west for its abominable treatment of ukrainian refugees so it 's a little bit surprising that you 'd be willing to open that particular can of worms . 
  but hey , the infantile version of events is easier to grasp , i 'm sure . 
   but everybody knows that some/many/most ( ? ), 
  of these people will try to move back towards germany & co. . do they , though ? 
  i do n't see the quota system presented from your pragmatic point of view , rather it seems to be accepted as a foregone conclusion that the relocated people are and will be staying where they 're placed and that everything would be honky dory if only cee solved its uneuropean lack of solidarity . 
   please do n't tell me that any of the v4 governments ( or people ... ) are trying to , what , save germany from itself ? 
  i do n't believe so , but it does genuinely surprise me that cee is expected to show its solidarity with we by just getting in line and not mentioning that `` no , guys , this will not actually help '' in order to keep the sweet moneyz flowing in .
