  you do realize that eu does n't take on hopeless charity projects to help those poor lost souls finally stand on their own legs and that a country actually has to have fulfilled certain standards all on its own before it 's accepted , not to mention that it , among other things , must contribute to the eu budget , right ? 
  of all the borderline retarded things that keep getting thrown in the migrant debate , the fact that we now tries to take credit for the initial pre-eu reconstruction of cee as if the millions upon millions of people just spent a decade sitting on their asses and expecting handouts takes the fucking cake in the `` insulting as all shit '' competition . 
   which means that they 'll stop being a problem for ee well , no , the human and financial resources will still have been pointlessly spent , new people will still keep being pointlessly relocated ( see point 1 ) , and the entire issue will still be as unsolved as it 's today . 
  i can think of few things less in line with the mission of solidarity than to simply nod our heads , stop mentioning that the current plan has no chance of actually solving anything , and just go with it knowing that in the end it most likely wo n't be us who 'll bear the harshest consequences of this scheme . 
   eastern european politicians can leave the eu to `` stick it to brussels '' i 'm afraid you 're missing a few steps there , my friend . 
  while certain eu policies are unpopular among the electorate , v4 people for the most part have no intention to leave as eu itself is rather liked , or at least deemed necessary for their safety and economy . 
  so what you end up with is a massively divided union with a shitton of angry people on both sides and a crippled ability to discuss anything , not the wet dream of cee taking their ball all offended and letting the pure eu , unhampered by those eastern untermenschen , be reborn . 
   most of them will close their mouth you seem to be underestimating the degree to which renegading would be a political suicide for the v4 representatives . 
  when it comes to losing the eu money or tucking tail , most of them would be mad not to risk the former and use it for political gain back home . 
  the fact that he 's taken a semi-firm stance on anything is shocking enough . 
  still waiting for what happens after the 2008 obama effect wears off . 
  simultaneously trolling trump/putin and screeching about poland is n't really much to work with . 
  not very kind of you , urging the nice sir to blow his vacation on trying to locate prague in eastern europe . 
  what cracks me up is the assumption that somehow , importing entire villages would make integration , specifically , easier . 
  why are n't families enough ? 
  like i see how having an established community in a country might make you more willing to go there , but it seems that this would result in anything but smoother integration if the western problem with self-segregation is anything to go by ( screw it , even native english speakers are infamous for not interacting with the host culture if there 's an expat community around . 
  six , ten years in prague , guy still ca n't order a damn beer in czech . ), 
   say goodbye to eu money one can only hope . 
  i do sometimes wonder whose idea it was , attempting to have an equal partnership where one party is the beneficiary of the other . 
  it just skews the whole thing and dooms it to failure from the start . 
  maybe if cee finally stops getting eu subsidies , we can actually start talking to each other like partners and finally dispense with the tedious discussions about whether or not the eastern whore will suck it . 
  it 's actually very simple . 
  cee could very well follow the baltic lead , obediently nod their heads , and accept whomever greece and italy decide to bus over here . 
  guess what : those people are n't going to stay here . 
  they do not want what they view as third rate shitholes , they did n't come into europe to start a new life in a third rate shithole , they have nothing and nobody in these third rate shitholes , nothing 's going to keep them in the third rate shitholes . 
  they want the west and risked their lives to get there . 
  do you honestly believe that after traversing hundreds of miles on foot or a rockety boat , they 'll be deterred by a piece of paper telling them to have solidarity with the overflowing west , especially when the `` real '' europe , in case of cz , is right accross the damn hill ? 
  this is no conjecture , no what if . 
  the people who have been placed in cee are mostly gone . 
  you can take three guesses as to where they went . 
  the issue is n't some damning lack of solidarity on the part of cee . 
  the issue is that the proposed plan simply does n't work . 
  it will generate illusory results and the same countries as ever will still be bursting at the seams . 
  edit : i ca n't into spellings . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the slovenia blue is half a shade lighter than slovakia 's . 
  totally different . 
  yeah , that one 's unfortunately completely on us . 
  i 'm starting to think that maybe it 's time we just gave the presidency indefinitely to j\u00e1ra cimrman . 
  or lord buckethead . 
  the `` beer vs. wine vs. slivovitz '' holy war sure is getting out of hand . 
  in a way , we really have n't . 
  both havel and klaus were elected indirectly by the czech parliament , with klaus only barely getting in both terms . 
  the thinking was mainly `` well , we need another distinct personality after havel , and klaus was one of the chief statesmen in the 90s . 
  plus czech presidency is only a formal position - i mean , how much could he possibly fuck up ? '', 
  shows you what they knew . 
  if this is n't tantamount to a declaration of war , i do n't know what is . 
   when you write about the sudetendeutsche being nazis what a good thing , then , that i did n't write anything like that , right ? 
  and he 's one crackpot in a country of over 10 millions who mostly despise him for one reason or another . 
  not really an example of a beloved public figure that 's reflective of general attitudes , if you ask me . 
  yeah , let 's not get into the differences in political orientation , views on lgbt and women 's rights , lifestyles , or religious values , all of which are the basis of cultures ( dat virulent czech anti-clericalism and hedonism sure is compatible with polish sanctimoniousness ) - v4 and ukraine are now the same culture because they 're all huwite , christian and atheists ( lol wut ) , and into dumplings . 
  but i 'm sure it 's czechs who are the ignorant biggots around here . 
  btw are you certain about the vietnamese being that much of `` a different culture '' ? 
  they sure do seem to jibe with the czech `` live and let live '' chill that dictates everything around here . 
  i 'd go with homogenous biggotry right off the bat , add some `` never seen a black person , what do you expect '' , `` know nutin ' about european values '' , and the unwarranted western condescension package is complete . 
   the issue is not about `` welcoming country '' actually , yes , those two things were tied together by op as one necessitating the other ( apparently , germans are now different culture to czechs despite being huwite , christian , and into dumplings . 
  i guess it depends on what 's useful to the `` biggoted czechs '' narrative at the moment ) . 
   as `` punishment '' for what ** actual ** germans did . 
  weeeeeellll ... while there definitely was a lot of collective guilting and post-war atrocities going on , let 's not pretend that sudeten germans were just sitting around , twiddling their thumbs and duin nufin ' while being peacefully pro-czechoslovakia and anti-hitler . 
  it 's possible to denounce this czech dipping in ethnic cleansing without making it seem like the situation occurred completely out of the blue just because czechs had a sudden inexplicable urge to punch something , anything . 
  as for the not welcoming country : * 115 000 ukrainians * 79 000 slovaks * 39 000 poles * 60 000 vietnamese yeah , i 'm calling bullshit on that one , man . 
  no it 's not , it 's senile ramblings of an irrelevant old man who used to hold a position that gives its holder no actual power to initiate something like czexit and which rarely reflects the view of czech government officials , i.e. 
  those who actually do important stuff . 
  czech presidents like to talk big game and give grandiose speeches . 
  they 're allowed to do so by the actual people in power because everybody knows they 're just figureheads whose job for the most part is to look pretty , shake the hands of foreign officials , and act as a moderator when a crisis occurs . 
  that 's about it . 
  the system a ) does nothing to answer the root causes of the migration wave , therefore does n't slow it down and works on the assumption of a permanent refugee influx . 
  europe is supposed to relocate 160k people now . 
  it was crystal clear as soon as 2015 when that figure was approved that it is a drop in the bucket and in no way represents anything approximating a final number . 
  b ) completely ignores that the people coming in europe have no intention to settle for what they view as second or third rate countries . 
  they want germany , sweden , france , uk - they sure as hell did n't risk dying on the way across the mediterranean to end up in slovakia , romania or bulgaria . 
  this is n't some kind of what if - the people who have been accepted by poland , baltics , or cz have either already upped and left for the west , are awol , or returned to their home countries . 
  the number of those who remained and can actually be located is negligible to the point of laughter . 
  all this system does is temporarily shuffle the problem around until the people get up and leave for the country they truly want to live in . 
  enforcing it will achieve nothing but wasting money - in the end , the issue will have been just as it 's always been , with some countries having more people than they can handle and other few if any . 
  it 's nothing but a giant potemkin village to lul people into thinking that something 's actually being done . 
  how does throwing a bitchfit because the sanctions imposed on behalf of an invaded european country stay in place qualify as `` europeans standing together '' ? 
   you have been surrounding russia in the name of freedom and tralala . 
  yeah , we in the eastern bloc are very sorry and sincerely apologize that we dared to look into our recent history and correctly deduced that mother russia really likes having poor defenseless bitches to smack around and might want them back one day , whether they like it or not . 
  freely joining a defensive alliance that 's supposed to deter military aggressions was an unforgivable act of betrayal on our part . 
  how will we ever make up for it ? 
  well , it beats being called `` eastern europe '' , that 's for sure . 
  the good thing is , there is actually a decent chance that this is it for him . 
  the bad thing is , it wo n't be because he 's putin 's perpetually pissed lapdog who 's been using the office to settle the score with those who 've opposed him over the course of his political career and who 's been blatantly trying to bend the constitution to wriggle as much out of his limited powers as possible ; it will be because his age and atrocious lifestyle are finally catching up to him and his hardline voters are starting to perceive him as too weak to continue what he 's been doing so far - none of which they have a problem with in and of itself . 
  not too optimistic , if you ask me . 
  actually , nope : * 115 000 ukrainians * 79 000 slovaks * 39 000 poles * 60 000 vietnamese * 150 - 300 000 roma not to mention the western expat population of prague and the africans/middle easterners who decided to stay after the communist student/worker exchange programmes ran their course . 
  unless of course you decide to discount the first three groups because , well , they 're white so no ethnicity and no cultural differences obviously apply . 
  so usa purposefully destabilizes huge sections of the world to solidify its empire , declares wars left and right for that frivolent reason or another , uses syria as a playground to continue its endless dicking contest with russia , and drags nato members into the mess it created , but then it 's europe who should clean up the heaped garbage because after all , the stench does n't carry over to the other side of the atlantic ? 
  yeah , what a wonderful way to approach this . 
  we 're not your goddamn maids and usa sure as hell is n't in syria for europe 's benefit . 
  so much of the shit europe 's dealing with would immediately ease up if you simply stopped using middle east as a testing ground for your shiny killing toys . 
  as a member of nato , czechs took part in kfor , sent their forces to afghanistan as a part of isaf , were involved in iraq , and host a u.s. 
  interests section in damascus . 
  but i get it , learning facts before opening one 's mouth is n't the ` murican way of doing things - that would be going `` murica fuck yeah . '', 
  it 's a very fun experience , watching americans perform a nonstop fellatio on their troops for being involved in pointless bloody wars , yet constantly ignore and devalue the sacrifices made by soldiers from literally anywhere else . 
  and since the lisbon treaty abolished the necessity for unanimous approval , this has been as useful to the `` less important countries '' as condoms to the pope . 
  i as a czech citizen have no way to affect the direction eu is taking with regards to the migrant crisis because it 's not the czech representatives who are taking the `` pro-quota , anti-every other solution '' line . 
  i as a voter can not express my displeasure with the french or german eu policy yet my country is expected to do as it 's told while every alternative solution we proposed has been flat out rejected under the banner of `` just shut the fuck up and toe the line '' . 
  it 's not like poland and the czech republic have been one of the most enthusiastic and actively involved us and nato cheerleaders since they joined the alliance . 
   whitout europe and the money of `` imperialism '' you would still be on the development level of ukraine .
