  do you even realize how absurdly incorrect and insulting this is ? 
  no , v4 would n't have been on the level of ukraine if it were n't for the eu offering its tit . 
  the economic reconstruction of v4 countries started immediatelly after the dissolution of ussr , wih no input on the part of eu whatsoever . 
  it 's the very fact that we were n't doing like ukraine that allowed us to join eu in the first place , ffs . 
  do n't get me wrong , we have benefited greatly from being in the eu , but that 's not due to subsidies , but thanks to the access to the single market . 
  which goes both ways , btw . 
  the opening of the cee market to the rest of eu has been a massive benefit to the west . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the vetting process is , at least in the case of cz , the responsibility of the potential host country . 
  we get a list of names and then do the vetting . 
  what proved to be a major problem , however , is that the people being vetted were unwilling to stay in greece or italy for the 2 months it would take to finish the whole thing , thus making the entire process pretty much impossible . 
  that 's the main reason given as to why it was stopped . 
  they kinda already pretty much did . 
  also `` czech right winged government '' ? 
  you 're hilarious . 
  doubt it . 
  low approval does n't necessarily translate to wanting to leave . 
  in case of cz specifically , it 's more along the lines of `` we may be stuck with you , but be aware that you 're utter cunts '' . 
   death seemed like just a transition to the divine world and reunion with the god you 're making it seem like placing little value on an individual life is a good thing . 
  absolutely . 
  hypothetically , if the situation in baltics escalates as seems less and less out of the question , we as a nato member would find ourselves in an open conflict - unless the assumption that nato would n't bother in case of such small states checks out , in which case we 're also getting militarily fucked sometime in the future . 
  more importantly to what 's going on now , russia has been shown to be very much active in cz via their ( disproportionately numbered ) diplomats and intelligence servicemen , spreading propaganda and fake news and trying to sway the public opinion in its favour . 
  the upcoming presidential elections especially are shaping up to be quite a doozy as our current president is already a shill installed by russian money . 
  he was not wrong , though . 
  which is why the blanket term `` eastern europe '' is utterly impractical horseshit . 
   we 're not worse . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  but in the view of the beaten traumatized dog with little sense of dignity or self-worth which , let 's be honest , really should replace the lion on our national emblem , every step to self-improvement we have n't yet taken justifies handwaving everything we did do and did achieve on our own as a self-congratulatory trifle , and makes it a matter of course to rule out having any kind of asertivity in the western direction . 
  nothing is ever good enough to just finally stop with the self-hating crap , and after being mired in it for 30 years , i 'm really starting to get sick of it . 
  so unless czechs are keenly aware of our unworthiness all the time and do n't automatically take the word of countries who chanced to be on the more peaceful side of history as gospel of the highest order , we 're uncritical fart sniffers who are only all too happy to stew in our own filth to actively assess our weaknesses and try improving ourselves . 
  got it . 
  honestly , this kind of self-flagellation is so typical it 's kind of adorable that you 're trying to dress it up as something rare and special . 
  as the old saying goes : if you can make it on a czech road , you can make it anywhere . 
  ehm ... are n't the new members taking part in the eu political institutions ? 
  is n't there a free movement of people that facilitated the much loathed influx of cee migrants and their culture ? 
  are n't there countless programmes aimed at supporting projects of cultural exchange both at personal and regional level in which cee countries participate ? 
  one has to love the narrative that cee countries just take the gibs and then are n't present for anything else ever at all . 
  imo what many of those who endlessly quetch about the enlargement seem to be wanting is not a diverse union , but a borg-like hivemind with no opposing views or disagreements . 
  picks up a phone and says they 're going to exchange you for a nicer , better-behaved baby . 
  trump never had that kind of unconditional support he enjoyed from his voters , but he did appeal to some sections of the czech electorate who like their politicians to be authoritative strong he-men who toughly talk tough . 
  it 's ... complicated . 
  as a nato member , usa is indeed often seen as a safeguard to make sure the cee countries are n't once again sacrificied to the pragmatic interests of western europe , and passing military convoys are greeted by citizens in the streets as a blatant `` fuck you '' to russia . 
  it 's mostly pragmatic , though - no loving looking up to our glorious guardians . 
  it 's one dangerous idiot with nukes and a he-man image going against another dangerous idiot with nukes and a he-man image . 
  i say further escalation is n't out of the question , based on stupidity and testosterone-fuelled ego alone . 
  medicinal marihuana is legal when a doctor prescribes it , and while you can be fined for possessing a small amount of any drug for your personal recreational use , it 's very unlikely to get you in serious trouble unless you produce it yourself . 
  in general , no . 
  most are baffled how come you as a wealthy , supposedly first-world country that should by all accounts be so much ahead of us in every aspect imaginable did n't figure out a lot of the really obvious shit , like universal healthcare , police brutality , social nets , the obsession with religion , or that living in peace without constantly waging wars is n't a pussy move . 
  juvy . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  yup . 
  the subtitles even tone some of the more colourful language down a bit . 
  oh , you 're right , i completely forgot about him !, 
  very happy with that , indeed :-), 
  i do n't think czechs have much of a presence in foreign cinema , let alone enough to be parodied , though i would n't be surprised to learn that the polish have an entire channel dedicated to how funny czech sounds to them ; they just wo n't shut up about it . 
  that being said , [ this little bit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qn338kypvw ) warmed my cold , weird language speaking heart . 
  do n't know about any single historical event , but the emancipation of africa and after-effects of colonization were literary terra incognita in my education . 
  unfortunately , most history classes start to get really short on time in the middle of wwi and the teachers enter a full-on panic mode right about the time wwii ends so anything but cliff notes version of communism in czechoslovakia is often shafted . 
  he 's the embodiment of a deeply insecure attention whore who has the misfortune of having already played all his tricks as he 's the antithesis of original - just say the opposite of what you think the other side wants to hear and wait for the morons in your audience to seal clap like you 've just delivered them the word of god . 
  we had a fairly booming movie industry in the 30 's and 40 's - after all , the famous barrandov studios were founded in 1921 . 
  most of the production that managed to remain popular is conversational comedies , though [ ecstasy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecstasy_ ( film ) ) has an audience as well . 
  i 'm not that well-versed in the czech silent period - many of the movies from that time seem to have been lost . 
  most movies have subtitles . 
  when it 's a blockbuster or a children 's movie , subtitles are an option in multiplexes while the dubbed version is the norm in smaller towns . 
  no , we had laws against the nomadic lifestyle ( with a special focus on the roma ) as soon as 1927 . 
  how terribly cuck of you . 
  i bet you even put the suspiciously sperm-resembling garlic sauce on just to rub it in . 
  sheltered hysterical racists who mistakenly believe the mere colour of their skin gives them some kind of automatic connection to europe and her values they supposedly adore , yet in fact do not understand or relate to in the slightest . 
  on a personal note , their vision of `` eastern europe '' as an unspoiled traditionalist huwite christian promise land that 's going to save the continent from sjw feminist multiculturalist degeneracy gets my blood boiling every time i encounter it . 
  [ hilsner affair ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hilsner_affair ) -- an anti-semitic witch hunt dating all the way back to austria-hungary . 
  a mentally deficient jewish man was accused and convicted of murdering a young catholic girl . 
  soon , accusations of blood libel started flying around as the victim died of bleeding out , yet little blood was found at the crime scene . 
  the case is also interesting for the public intervention by the future czechoslovak president tom\u00e1\u0161 masaryk on hilsner 's behalf . 
  [ orl\u00edk murders ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/orli%c4%8dt%c3%ad_vrazi ) -- the crowning jewel of the wild 90s . 
  a gang of criminals , one of them a former member of the czech swat unit , murdered altogether five businessmen for their money and property . 
  then , they put the bodies in barrels , filled them up with lye , and threw the sealed barrels into the orl\u00edk dam . 
  [ ji\u0159\u00ed kaj\u00ednek ] ( https://steemit.com/politics/@pondeli/jiri-kajinek-the-most-famous-czech-hitman ) -- the most famous czech hitman , convicted of a double murder . 
  he 's probably the only one to ever have escaped from the highest security prison where he was held , causing a highly publicized manhunt . 
  a lot of people consider him the czech steven avery because a prominent investigative journalist cast a doubt as to whether the official version of events of which kaj\u00ednek was convicted is entirely accurate ( after having spoken with a recluse key eye-witness , the journalist then changed his position ) . 
  nevertheless , kaj\u00ednek 's popularity among a certain part of the electorate inspired our president to boost his failing ratings by granting kaj\u00ednek a pardon . 
  not being very important globally has never kept me up at night . 
  being a hot piece of ass that has a reputation for getting swallowed by larger powers with no international consequences , though ... 
  a lot of people disagree with a lot of obvious facts , what else is new . 
  not even of foreigners specifically . 
  every czech is born with an extreme resting bitch face already built in their software , and we throw it around everywhere and at everybody like there 's no tomorrow . 
   i have seen topless women in public beaches here but it 's not that common huh . 
  may be a prague thing , but from what i 've seen it 's pretty widespread . 
  even better , it 's not that rare to encounter an adult woman by one of those natural swimming pools who decides to forego a cubicle , change right there among the people on the beach , and take her sweet time doing it - without anybody , including the lifeguard , saying anything . 
  the general opinion is that it 'd absolutely fantastic if we too would be able to pull off that whole `` filthy rich and neutral in mountains '' thing and tell everybody around and their mother 's dog to kindly go fuck themselves and leave us alone . 
  some even officially have this unrealistic nonsense as a political strategy . 
   she got it mixed up with `` nasrat '' ok , we absolutely have to get that one rolling as a real alternative . 
  in moravia , it 's pretty common to hear the traditional [ cimbalom music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rz_zscw4hii ) in the many local wine cellars . 
  however , the most popular band is definitely [ \u010cechomor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c4%8cechomor ) with their interpretations of lesser known [ folk songs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5poe8gt6xi ) . 
  [ the witchhammer ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064546/ ) as i 've never warmed up to [ marketa lazarova ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0063278/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) . 
  personally , it 's always amused me that the story hits many plot points similar to the crucible , but thematically is about the 1950s communist rampage . 
  [ well that 's embarrassing . 
  if they 're slavs , it does n't register at all . 
  [ anyone else , though ? 
  ] ( https://media.tenor.com/images/8da01190e364f3bc99e803f9ab2eb2d8/tenor.gif ) yeah , you take that rare precious gem of a person for a keg or two to minutely discuss all the life choices that brought them to learn czech . 
  i mean , you ca n't salvage the czech beer gut by giving it a shave .
