   gap just hatched hehe , that was good . 
  i was laughting much louder than i should hehe . 
  at a time when i will get my own kids i could use some internet filters ... that i would probably set on my own computer as i do know actually how to use my computer for the love of god . 
  it is like goddamn tv . 
  you just do n't put your child in front of it to double as babysitter ... 
  i prefer the ones where you are driving on the road and oh , no road anymore . 
  hehe . 
  what ? 
  you do n't like surprises ? 
  where is your adventurer spirit ? 
  haha , this is hilarious . 
  i wonder how much it will take them to ban whole family of plants , just to be sure . 
  well , yeah , but when they are caught it 's a different story . 
  i think you are not aware of difference in experience and freedom of thought between a child and an adult person . 
  this is big missconception . 
  empathy is n't inborn quaility , you have to learn it , someone have to teach you about it . 
  the biggest , hidden error of parenting these days is when kid is conditioned to behave , to not hurt another person and animal not because it feel it is bad , but because it knows it and knows what punishment this will bring . 
  lol , these are children . 
  children are molded by their parents . 
  they might straight up in few years , but now what they think , say and do is n't theirs . 
  why islamists can have their culture based on their religion and dumb slavs ca n't ? 
  i do n't say we should bash people 's brains inwards , but what is wrong with `` manly '' picture of males ? 
  the moon ? 
  oh dang , too late ... 
  aww man , we have lot of gay people ... sometimes ... on tv ... heh, 
  hehehe , this is very good joke . 
  it is n't german joke , is it ? 
  boys boys , let 's stop calling names here , both of you . 
  yes , we all know islam was great in in middle ages and christians were cutting people down on left and right ... like , some-many-hundreds-years-ago ? 
  and then everything was fine , nobody was killing anybody anymore , christians evolved , muslims evolved . 
  but now something is broken again , and you can see rise of extremist ready to butcher some poor soldier in the middle of the street . 
  that is european problem right now to face . 
  yes , many of them come from poor countries , but there is a lot of poor countries in europe too , states tore apart by war etc. 
  i did n't see raise of christian extremists there . 
  edit : but that said , i do understand there are many muslims that are against this kind of behavior and are also hurt by extremists actions . 
  what is scarry is how fast and strong can extremists infuence grow . 
  i think it would be good , for muslims and christians , if goverment would just say bye bye to extremist immigrants and simply jail extremists citizen . 
  so sad, 
  that was epic show ... 
  i was watching it on ... whas it `` rai uno '' or some other foreign channel , not understanding tiny bit of its language but still it was awsome . 
  our taxes are so bloody insane that anyone with half brain will try to avoid them ... 
  i think it is something between `` we honour our grandfathers '' and `` fuck you , that 's why '' . 
  no , seriously . 
  removement of crown was enforced by outside force to show dependency and overthrown of monarchy . 
  so what common people did was to slap a crown over an eagle where they could and that you can translate into `` fuck you , government '' . 
  i had nice pictures of crown stamped over eagle on coins but i ca n't find them anymore ; < . 
  i have other example of similar manipulations : http://www.katalogmonet.pl/images/proby_niklowe/banknot20.jpg it says on yellow stamp `` crown wo n't beat the eagle '' . 
  history changes meaning of symbols and crown did start as a symbol of monarchy , but now it is symbol of independent rule for poland and crown belongs not to people or government , but to the eagle exclusively . 
  ** edit : ** after some reserch i did find it again : http://www.freewebs.com/grosze1949/zlotowki_solidarnosc.jpg, 
  you mean native speaker of english or native speaker of polish that shows polish grammar shows in my english writing ? 
  funny how it does have this special charm to it , is n't so ? 
  i 'm '89 so i ca n't remember how it was at the worst point , but i do remember that everything was getting better and better with time . 
  yes , it is because technology was moving forward , but also because * things * started to be * available * , started to appear in stores like different kind of food , cleaning products and small gadgets that were making your home little less dull . 
  my father was for 20-something years in polish army and that special somethingis probably still lingering in that institution for this day . 
  you can sesne aesthetics of this period in every structure , in that yellow waxy paint and hexagonal concentrate floor titles in place of parking lot , russian letters on old equipment and catch a glipse of prl 's coat of arms with eagle without its crown ( i remember being scolded in school for drawing eagle without crown lol ) . 
  it was so awsome and strange . 
  soviet union was also based on appealing ideas , simple and clean ones , with these big red stars and strong-hardworking people in every poster , represented in its system and technology , but also getting another , grotesque vibe when you lern that it is all lined with lot of horrible and unpleasant things . 
  ah , so romantic . 
  but if someone told me that tommorow we all gon na switch back to socialist state , i would pack all i can into car and gtfo from that clusterfuck as far as i can . 
  just kike `` kowalski '' was stamp name here , hehe . 
  i liked that twist about polish home army . 
  yep , good stuff . 
  mr porat was ok with that i assume , soooo , what 's the problem ? 
  i could live with that with some cheap nuclear power and cheese . 
  well , lets stay with some extra cheese . 
  ahh yes , the good old marsh - wait , what ? 
  north here ... well , lets say we have two winerts in price of one . 
  we have hitler . 
  ooooh boy , and yet again everybody here will get so agitated by this topic . 
  long time ago i felt so bad for laughting about something . 
  that is the problem . 
  nobody will care about your 400 euros you need to pay . 
  just one tip : do n't mistake warsaw with the rest of poland . 
  i do n't know his exact quotes , but i think it is logical to point out a questions based on inaccurate facts . 
  one brand of thug against another brand of thug , ai n't that ? 
  yay , poland is on top of . . oh wait ... 
  it is clear that banks are necessary , yeah , like any other part of our economy , including taxes and workforce . 
  and as laws concerning one and the other one are changed on a whim that laws concerning banks are handled like hedgehog near baloon . 
  first problem is the mindset of banks and bigger players associated with banks , where they find their actions meet with impunity . 
  they should be afraid of punishment for any abuse , and to that a severe one , just like any other business . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  i will give you a cow , you will give me your son . 
  it is on * the paper * !, 
  heh ... but seriously , there is no sin that ca n't be cut down with other sin . 
  i wonder how it all will go down ... 
  whatever that might be , the country should be over the bank , not the other way around . 
  we have seen enought manipulation and actions in wrong faith from the banking sector . 
  we should cut short our leanient treatment and stop taking responsibilities for * their * wrong decisions . 
  playing game with all the gain and no risks is n't fair or just . 
  sometimes , homeless people do petty shit just to break law to get thrown into the jail . 
  did n't you know ? 
  oh my god !, 
  kkk is catholic sect !, 
  poland did not exist but polish people did . 
  the problem was that noone asked them what nationals they were , poles were just counted as nationals of nation that was holding part of ex-polish territory . 
  that is why it is hard to find poles among first european settlers in us . 
  i would like to see wwii chart . 
  or poland !, 
  wait ... 
  they did n't care then .
