  why to recruit someone that is far away from the target and might not reach it if you can wait for them at the end and then put all that brainwashing into working . 
  sharing is caring my friend, 
  thank you for this post . 
  dude , you are french and france is doing as far as i know exactly as you said and still the third , fourth generation of islamists is somehow the worst one , most problematic . 
  or do you call for even more of affirmative action toward islamists so they will feel super happy here ? 
  treating them like spoiled children and handling them candy everytime they go outside to riot ? 
  yeah , i think i can convert to islam , seriously , why not . 
  dunno if i should say `` as long as you like it '' or `` i 'm sorry '' , depends on your personal preferences . 
  what i was referring to mostly was the kanzlerin , it just needs to go throught their heads that it was bad idea . 
  if you are in the minority of germans that are unhappy with this outcome and was n't heard by your leaders , i 'm * really * sorry . 
  easy : local european nazi groups , d'oh . 
  i would say it is nice to be all chariable from behind that wall . 
  i think they just should form bigger group and rush the border . 
  if we are at that why not to catch a ride and get straight to germany for better life ? 
  they deserve that . 
  i can even take my car and pick up few people from the border , why not , i 'm that nice . 
  i have been reading an article that now , after change of the lead , the presidential office is in a mess that was left on purpose by the previous cabinet . 
  what a bunch of responsible adults . 
  i still miss crime cities ... 
  this is sad . 
  if they only could realise that sooner it would save us , and them , all that hassle . 
  the best and the brightest are allready drained , hand-picked from offshore refugee camps . 
  i could n't say it better ... 
  it was in context of deletet comments and without them my comment is quite pointless . 
  but still you are wrong - there are differences between men and women caused by upbringing in given culture and as men and women are originally , for example , have the same potential to shoot as well as each other we are later shaped in other or another way . 
  so if you would like to train all women in your country to be active soldiers you can do so , but if you would want them to be trained in one weeks time you gon na have bad time . 
  my father was a professional soldier so for me go guess , as for her she is afraid to sit behind a wheel of turned off car so beside teaching her how to use and maintain a gun you would have to change her whole mindset . 
  so , is that sexism or right evaluation of someones aptitude ? 
  to be honest , i would rather go shooting myself rather than give my girlfriend something as dangerous as a gun without some lenghty , hard training . 
  reporting should be about * reporting * what you * see * , not about selling your agenda written on piece of paper . 
  but what do i know . 
  no , i 'm only referring to warmongers and deathbringers blended between their own victims . 
  my first line was related to our actions and sytuation , my second was related to the message send by the movie . 
  beside that brazil has little to do with our situation , but if you really want to , well , feed your projection then go ahead , bash me little more my artstically and politically enlightened friend . 
  beside , in brazil it was reaction of common people that were desensitized to cruelity and tragedy of others and that was what that scene was showing , i 'm surprised that film connoisseur as yours have missed that in your criticism , you could easilly have turned this around to show how we , the backwarded bastards are ignorant towards others suffering . 
  such occasion wasted , * what a shame * . . 
  we do n't need fear , we need right actionsg and doing nothing and pretending everything is allright . 
  i know about what is brazil , the state was the enemy that has seen fault in everyone and everything but not itself . 
  i find that funny , sorry for others :(, 
  i am stilfurious how previous referendum that we had this year went straight to the gutter because people did n't want to move their arses ... 
  poland still has its currency , it is pln and we have that pretty little eagle on the back . 
  i like it , it is pretty . 
  sooo ... having a pln is a good thing ? 
  i like my eagle . 
  just like in hogwarts staircase !, 
  that is the fun part : i need my car but i do n't need these people . 
  [ we just need to achieve right , rational state of mind . 
  fear is irrational , what happens-happens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4kfnhxibec ), 
  depends on the angle , circular motion makes its harder to lose all that kinetic energy . 
  we should grand asylum for people that are running from danger , not for the people that are the danger . 
  if two guys wants to kill each other what difference does it make to take them both in and put them uder the same roof ? 
  go on liveleak and see for yourself . 
  like , one blade or whole army of them ? 
  as i remember it is allready kinky process to make * one * . 
  to be honest , does n't group of people living in similar , quite xenophobic region , tends to have similar dna ? 
  add it to another tools to determine someones origin and it starts to look feasible . 
  sift them on the borders , that 's the only way to be sure . 
  sooo ... who guards the border during the day ? 
  they can alwasy send them in baloons . 
  but seriously , what these refugees have to do now ? 
  settle in the middle of the border like rabbit \u00e0 la berlin ? 
  i do n't want refugees and migrants from these regions , i expect major shitstorm on cultural and religious planes but ffs they * are * people and you ca n't expect them to just sink uderground . 
  every one of us , as nations and countries , fucked up handling this case and it is time to clean up somehow , without turning ourselfs into fools * or * monsters . 
  it seems that merkel builds too complicated sentences for a common journalist . 
  she does it by mistake or she is aware of that . 
  or . . what is much more likely is that journalist undestand her pretty well , they just want to write down clickbaits . 
  lets be honest , how much time a day we have time to read articles as a whole ? 
  8h job +2 h afterhours , 1,5 h work passage , cooking , cleaning , washing , reading a book ? 
  doing groceries ? 
  * self development * ? 
  lol . 
  and then we have serious issue that we would have to spend hours to educate ourselfes on , read tons of opinions and * then * build our own opinions . 
  for the love of god , if not for few slow days in company i would n't even have * time * to care about all that ... and i thought that jurnalists had a * mission * as a * fourth power * but as the years goes , rather than scholars i see interns playing chinese whispers , copying copies of copied , google translated articles . 
  i was born on the wrong continent ... ... imma gon na go now * hug * my girlfriend for comfort and to heal my broken heart . 
  i do n't think that us president can launch a nuke in the peace time without someone handling him * the * case . 
  i would just buy [ shit load of these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mine_flail ) and then remodel them into tractors . 
  i will stab myself unless you give me your wife you heartless nazi !, 
  here is the problem : they would n't want to go to the polish jail ... 
  but they might not be aware of the consequences . 
  anyway , it is to give them chance and make * sure * they are aware , the choice is theirs . 
  then we should act accordingly to their choices . 
  is n't it how our society has been working all this time ? 
  we set rules and give people choice to follow them or not . 
  lol , yes . 
  also i do n't see my own culture as the pinnacle of evolution but who cares . 
  they should abandon only parts of their culture that are against our laws . 
  i am dead serious . 
  and no , it would n't be brainwashing , they can wear what they want , pray when they want , eat what they want , sing , dance , whatever , but there are things , important things that these people should learn . 
  in every tourist handbooks you are reminded to respect culture and customs of people that are living in the country you are going to visit , what 's wrong with that ? 
  lot of these people are here to stay and it would be much , much easier for them ( and us ) to learn as soon as possible that , for example , rape ca n't be used as a penalty for immodesty or that rock throwing is n't appropriate response to show that you feel offended . 
  unless you have army of caseworker i think that my idea is better . 
  they have traveled hald of europe but they have enought energy to sexually assult someone ? 
  these are mostly grown-up people , not children . 
  `` force them to watch something 24/7 '' i lol-ed . 
  hang it on the wall in the canteen or hallway and set it on half mute , oh the horrors !, 
  these are underwater prehistorical monsters ... d'oh . 
  get your facts straight you godzilla shill . 
  we should hang tv screens in these camps with looping video of our customs and rules ... and the way we enforce them . 
  24/7 educational channel of how we expect them to behave and why . 
  i prefer our [ bydgoszcz ] ( http://culture.pl/sites/default/files/images/imported/architektura/galerie/gl%20marina%20bydgoszcz/galeria/marina%203_6890431.jpg ) or thorn .
