  rest ... oh well , bad luck i guess ? 
  i wish best for them . 
  it might be * mooooore * , kek kek . 
  is there law that forces them to do that ? 
  if not , you ca n't do anything . 
  as germans tend to say during nordstream talks : business is business . 
  ^ ^ ^ are_they_saying_that ? 
  as for gaming/internet culture specialist that was rather a huge fcukup ... naaah , it was publicity stunt . 
  i had comment with link about her ( probably ) sending herself threats but r/europe removed it by automod : (, 
  try to read from feminism perspective and you will see world on fire . 
   fbi assassinated errrr ... the hell ? 
  at least i can hear good news from time to time now . 
  well , i could , if i had a tv . 
  but my parents have one and they publish now little snippets of good things happening in poland , little rural museum here , little invisible hand there . 
  i 'm sure these little acts of goodnes had place for all this time but now i can see ... little bit more of them . 
  i 'm tired of tv that reports only children-murder-rape , when our gov changes ( if ) i hope some of that will be left . 
  but studio yayo should burn . 
  i found it horrible , then amusing and then yet again i ca n't just even ... 
  i wonder whrom where this comes ? 
  is it about how vocal a minority is ? 
  i wonder what numvers would be if asked for any other minority . 
  you , and your money , are welcome . 
  this perfectly illustrates my point but my lack of knowledge put it outside of my reach . 
  thank you . 
  germans , brits , poles , greeks , turks , everyone , as a nation , has their own way of doing things and we choose our representatives accordingly . 
  it is like marriage , it is put down on the piece of paper , yes , but there is something more behind it . 
  if you marry without love then you are going to have bad time . 
  it is not about having good masters that will allow you to have warm water in the tap and full fridge , it is much more : in what way my country would react to foreign affairs , what my children will learn in school , what holydays we should celebrate , how we should care for our nature and many , many other things . 
  if you are thinking that countries are bound only by pirce of paper think again and look at the africa . 
  there are countries with lines drawn on the sand , with people , is same country hating each other , killing each other . 
  simple question ( assumption ) but hard answer . 
  how important is given identity is how strongly and how many people are believing in that . 
  there is no point of vreating country of `` me '' with only me and there is no point in creating empire that is bound by nothing more than a piece of paper . 
  then there are going restrictions of space , natural resources and other things . 
  for example you ca n't let separatists just landlock you or take over mines that whole country was working to support , can you ? 
  but when country is divided there is no reason for it to not split . 
  also , when countries are close enought there is no reason for them to not merge . 
  so it is not finite set , it can change and evolve . 
  aim for the stars , brother . 
  let them fall down and burn this world . 
  i did n't say it does n't exist , i said it is a gimmigck . 
  like i 'm an earthian or euro-asian , these are true identities but their common denominator is ... weak . 
  building identity on career profession ( doctors , teachers , woodworkers ) is more binding for people than being something as nebulous as european . 
  also  insert mandatory attack helicopter joke here . 
  i have made once a siggestion based on that assumption ... the pain ... is haunting ... 
  what would you say about mingling polish and hungarian into new esperanto ? 
  and made it all written in ideograms !, 
  she was n't homosexual last time i checked that . 
  discrimination is working against someone , we are , as a country , indifferent toward sexual preferences of marginal minority . 
  of course you can send us all gay people from over europe . 
  we will take them and do absolutely nothing , because we are indifferent to them basing on their sexuality but if you would like , murder them ... well , you would have bad time here because we would judge you and imprison you for trying to kill a person , gay or not gay . 
  so your believes are wrong . 
  ... [ maar ] ( http://www.universetoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/holeintheground.jpg ), 
  i 'm afraid that german people of that time were much more simmilar to each other than people between different countries in todays europe . 
  there was german identity but no german state , that 's why people wanted one . 
  we do n't hate gays , we just do n't care . 
  shower ? 
  soviets were making people afraid of leaving their union using guns and bombs , if eu is going to make people afraid using economic pressure it only shows it in bad light . 
  want to join eu ? 
  better think twice !, 
  they will give you flowers on the welcome and black eye on the leave . 
  it is right . 
  it 's a divorce , not a war . 
  maybe britain wo n't be our lovers anymore , but we can still be friends , no need to make ourself new enemy . 
  i think our politics want to whack britain hard enought so anyone willing to leave eu would be afraid . 
   national governments and electorates so in short : people ? 
  i do n't know how you went from militarising border to reopening deathcamp with focus on homosexuals ... 
  i 'm afraid i do not follow . 
  there is no european nation . 
  that identity , at least now , is no more than a gimmick . 
  the one at the discount . 
  yes yes , we will be the richest maar in the world !, 
  lets make it polish then . 
  yes , i hate you all . 
  when i said * invest in eastern poland * i did n't mean guns ffs !, 
  jesus , i even gave you a list !, 
  ca n't argue here , you are right . 
  we in poland have little problem with that and i partially blame us but also partially the fact that from time to time someone tries to turn us from victims into torturers and , you know , the first line of defense is pointing out what really happend and who really was a victim ... 
  ** edit : ** user has written in his answer that he is n't playing blame game , please do n't outright downvote him : ) i think less than poles who are children and grandchildren of people murdered by germans but let 's not dwell in such far past , because , you know , you have no arguments here . 
  over 100 years of germanisation , forced to fight for foreign sides during wwi , genocided during wwii and then given away to cccp * and * on top of that it was soviets idea and order to form ethically homogeneous countries under their influence ... you really ca n't blame us and play victim here . 
  so how many ? 
  a lot . 
  does it matter in this case ? 
  aunt of my girlfriend moved to germany in the beginning or even before 1990 ( something about having german grandfather ) . 
  stones and spit were flying at the first notion of polish language being used . 
  considering that we , as poland , are few decades behind west i would expect some slack given from germany but nope , so i sometimes like to point racism in modern germany . 
  hell , your deutsche demokratische republik had hard time catching to the rest of germany and it was in the same border after reunification !, 
  edit : fixed few typos ... 
  i like this law very much . 
  we need it here . 
  errrr . . some of these topics are genuinely important and fear natural and logical reaction to them . 
  like , for serious , we are sharing fekkin ' border with russia !, 
  you were absolutely sounding like one . 
  first , i would like a source on that , but if you are correct : i just would n't hire muslim men to secure women ... woops , that would be racist , would n't it ? 
  oppression olympics are hard ... 
  ultimately a country that was leading in rape prevention and sexual education is considering implementing measures that would be unthinkable even in countries like ... horrible poland ? 
  it is a aid-band slaped on compound fracture . 
  it is not just you , it is feminism overall , but there is nothing wrong with that . 
  and yes you are right , prevention of rape is most important part here , so i propose safe space far away from the crowd , in the back , for * extra * safety . 
  no , i 'm asking my mom to read and type for me .
