  please , stop making me angry . 
  you can always spit . 
  well , after that i would have to make one of these bags for my personal use . 
  i understand helping people commit suicide , but making business from suicide would drive me crazy . 
  he can always bite off his own tongue . 
  you ca n't stop someone from commiting suicide without getting too close to torturing methods . 
  restrain his body , restrain his face , never turn off lights , remove every stimuli from surrounding that * could * be used to harm him . 
  well , i 'm a handyman , i like to make stuff and , well ... most of the stuff that i would need is back at my home : bags , fasteners , bunch of one-way aquarium valves with tubings . 
  i could make really handy suicide bag and that 's the really disturbing part . 
  i also know where to get over 95 % pure helium canisters , the 80 % kinds will only give you brain damage . 
  fuck it , i would rather hug the concrete . 
   helium exit bag well , that looks ... easy . 
  `` suffering ennobles '' lol . 
  +10 to agility . 
  oh come on , he just wants to be nice so everyone can live better life . 
  are you hungry ? 
  want a piece of my leg ? 
  please dig in , it 's already cooked . 
  now i 'm sad . 
  darn italians , stealin ' er welfare !!, 
  it 's a head of cute * rave * robot . 
  quick , we need a truck full of funny drugs !, 
  now i know . 
  i really struggle to pretend that i know how to spell : ( . 
  well , someone last time gilded me for that and it felt nice and i had a good laught hehehe . . but it did n't fix my residues of dyslexia . . or my persistent headache ;( and on top of that i hate self pity hahaha . 
  i. . . oh god . 
  it was my phone , yeah , let 's stick with that . 
  or fat fingers ... no , wait , `` l '' is n't even close to `` r '' ... second time this week i make a fool out of myself ; (, 
  well , i mean border guards but i 'm sure there were some paper pushers above them . 
  this is golden . 
  i have a story to !, 
  my father was in army ( and before that he was literal punk with spiky hairs , a story of its own hehe ) and the breakup was like that : there was group of `` polityczni '' , fuckers that believed in the system and managed stuff like `` shame wall '' where names of soldiers who baptised their children were presented on a corkboard , rest of people who just were doing their work and `` idiots '' easy to manipulate choosen to do work of politicals without their own agenda . 
  some from the `` rest of people '' were using system of political control for their own gain by means of denunciation , some were playing along to be left alone ... my father has married my mother in a church wearing his military uniform hehehehe , an offence to the uniform by the the standards of communists . 
  people were calling him a hero , priest was screaming at the red menance from the pulpit and how we all should be brave but he was just oblivious of what he actually did hahahaha . 
  maybe in next 4 or 5 years someone would use it against him but then '89 came bwahaha . 
  the best thing would be to pay them off under pretense of smuggling something mundane like a foodstuf or other crap ( i think goldern jewelery was illegal to move outside the border ) so they would n't look too deep while hidding better , more `` anti-estabilishment '' stuff . 
  because you never knew when an officer was trying to sack one of hos own men out of spite . 
  or you could just have some connections , that also would help . 
  i think there were few books written about smuggling stuff during prl . 
  oh man , border control would definitely check * there * if they only had reason to . 
  better idea would be to cut film into stripes , slip these stripes between pages of a book and then glue these pages together to create little pocket . 
  some fancy name like * marks * on the cover and it 's all nice and dandy . 
  bordel control officials did n't know how to use books anyway . 
  that 's a bunch of immigrants i 'm ready to welcome here . 
   michael of kent well , that 's a beard i can respect . 
  lol thing is , we have name for * many * colours . 
  some people are fine with only 6 but that 's kinda dull . 
  and what colour are oranges ? 
  red ? 
  yellow ? 
  or maybe * orange * ? 
  errr ... that is not green , it 's lime . 
  oh my god ... it is ... beautiful ... 
  i see oreo . 
  that deal was golden in the current state of affairs . 
  our choppa assets are in shitty state but that deal would help us start an industry here . 
  dress me in fancy pants and call whatever pottery piece you want . 
  i can volunteer . 
  well , why the hell not ? 
  that would be * fun * . 
  let 's add kaliningrad oblast , i 've heard about polish minority there that has strong will to fight for their independence against ~ ~ homo fascists ~ ~ err ... something . 
  i think that belarus is a lost cause , their love interest in toward womewhere else, 
  we would kinda need lithuania to join us so we could use this one . 
  oh , and ukraine too . 
  and we would need a king on top od that . 
  ... well , i * can * find us a king tho . 
  and poland is blood on the snow . 
  or pana cocta, 
  well , that 's one shitty monday for me allright . 
  no need to take whole motherland . 
  just a trip to moscow and back , like at the old days . 
  do n't be sad , we can ~ ~ invade ~ ~ visit you from time to time !, 
  that ai should also be compassionate and follow asimov 's laws . 
  what should be done and what can be done are 2 different things . 
  if you want ai to learn you can make it `` fear '' , condition it to behave it the way you want from both sides . 
  in short , an ai wars on stock haha ... hilarious . . not : (, 
  that just sounds like ai wars just like in that sf story and we do n't want ai wars . 
  beside that it is like with operating system , you can find a loophole or place it yourself . . the thing is that such actions are creating another layer of needless complications ripe for abuse . 
  not in such degree . 
  humans you can manipulate once , if you crack how ai works then you can abuse it hundred times . 
  and with new streamlining of trade you can abuse it 100 times per second . 
  there is short sf polish novel `` aguerre at dawn '' . 
   in a post-technological singularity setting ( ... ) humans have spread through the stars , thanks to ` gleiotic 's -- humans who gained the power to manipulate space-time at times they do n't even use their godlike powers themselfes . 
  at one point there is a duel between two gleiotics and all they do is launching a script written down by bunch of their armorial coders . 
  their consciousness is fading away and space and time is shredded around them . 
  and as far as i remember it is fun and games until someone gets hacked lol . 
  yes . . 
  yes !, 
  yes we can !, 
  yes we will !, 
  it 's happening , people ... ** it is happening !, 
  hahaha , this is awsome . 
  messiah complex maybe ? 
  so let 's murder the cow when noone is looking ... yeah !, 
  ... how are we going to do that ? 
  you can figure out how ai works tho . 
  and manipulate it . 
  oh yes baby !, 
  we are doing it again !, 
   quite representative though as it 's one of the most common cancers .
