  read about what macierewicz did before 1989 and be surprised . 
  as i said somewhere else , voters are choosing their representatives , * not * their masters . 
  if representatives do n't represent their people then there is some major error in need of correction . 
  we are civilized people , not civilized sheep , we wo n't follow just because someone rings a bell . 
  now go give these illegal economic agitators new houses , free monthly pension and throw some girls as extra , then your parallel will be complete . 
   copied from a different subreddit : what sub ? 
  why not ? 
  we are separating families on daily basis if the living conditions are n't good enought for the children , this is how we have been handling this in europe like ... for ever ? 
   little children so lets keep children : ), 
  breaking news : russias state duma urges reddit user astalano to remove his comment . 
  u/astalano nowhere to be found, 
  he implies that people in media are tasked , by someone or some organisation , with the job of desinformation and obscuration . 
  hence the '' '', 
  how do you close borders of an island ? 
  yeah , even if all of european leaders would pass laws to stop * any * emmision of greenhouse gasses we still gon na be hit by the effects of global warming , sans money to fight these effects  is n't that just plain sad ? 
  prisons do contradict human dignity , we just have good reason justify that . 
  human dignity is funny thing if you put it the way you did . 
  if we say that forcing people on the planes voilates their dignity all we need is biased court to make the judgement in favor of our actions . 
  same with prisons , you lock a person , strip it from freedom of movement , freedom to possess but you have a court to judge as right thing to do . 
  do you have any prisons in your country ? 
  yes , that 's the thing between shoving people into the plane and auschwitz in terms of stripping someone off their dignity and human rights . 
  get some black people to do this . 
  you have some black cops to manage them , do n't you ? 
  i 've heard in us they use black police force in cases of black crime to mitigate racially inducted tensions . 
  forestry can actually make lot of money and it can be managed like any field . 
  we are not afraid of cornfields and grains catching fire , are we ? 
  we allready had wooden-centered industries , we have little bit dusty but well developed technology . 
  nothing is easy if you thinking in grand scale , but what it counts if it is feasible . 
  i am sure they are white women libertarians with poor social skills . 
  if you need non-existing tech to fix something easy then that solution is n't easy at all . 
  let say it would be easy to turn co2 into c dust , how much energy would it need to consume ? 
  probably a lot . 
  i have seen enought `` plastic from air '' stuff where pumps alone that are moving air for cleaning consume so much energy that - considering national makeup of energy source - would produce more co2 than they removed . 
  with trees you plant them , grow them , cut them down to use the wood for eg . 
  houses and then plant new trees . 
  you remove carbon from the air * and * find use for it . 
  strange , i 've heard that we are actually growing more trees than we are cutting them down . 
  i just wonder from where we are going to get all that fuel for our nuclears . 
  or rare earth elements and industry to maintain these wind farms . 
  i would go for geothermal or hydropower . 
  they are also fancy but maintance cost is much more . . independent . 
  i wonder how wealth is calculated . 
  lets say we are making plastic spoon . 
  that same plastic spoon is worth much , much less in poland than it would be in germany , so the wealth judged by overall economy . 
  if it is straight calculation burning drop of oil in germany is worth much more than burning drop of oil in poland . 
  uhh ... grow trees maybe ? 
  is there any better carbon sink ? 
  now as far as i remember they were n't working on their own land , they were all doing work for a landowner . 
  i need to ask for details around family as she is . . well , dead : / . 
  she was born in 1916 so she was around her 20-ties durning war . 
  there was n't open resistance , yes , but he ca n't say there were n't any solidarity . 
  i ca n't say how it was in germany before and during the war , but in poland any open resistance ended with a train ride , any one who standed for jews in front of a german soldier got a bullet to bite . 
  * our * advanced society was purget from the face of the earth by chirurgical extermination of our intelligentsia . 
  our priests and leaders were purged to prevent any organised resistance . 
  or it was a rumor . 
  or these were that few left from `` almost none '' ? 
  i remember she said she was explicitly told in the face , by the jewish people she was working with that , in short , she and other poles are going to die and all that land around will be theirs . 
  and she was quite bitter every time . 
  still dunno why they would think so . 
  i can guess , but these would be just barren speculations . 
  so mr saul is simply wrong : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bbegota, 
  i was expecting something else . . 
  please remember these jews were also our citizens , many of which identified also as poles . 
  the holocaust is used almost exclusively to describe genocide of jewish people . 
  the thing is you have fancy name for one genocide and not for the other . 
  even dictionary says that . 
  jews that worked with my grandmother on the fields were happy that germans started invasion . 
  they were sure nazis would kill all poles and all the fields and homes would be given to them , as they were also part germans . 
  this is anegdotical story and i have never brought it up as i do n't find it nice to say anything that could be close to claiming jews have brought holocaust on themselves , but here you have it . 
  an interesting read for you . 
  ok , now i 'm interested . 
  * what * population tolerated it ? 
  read it up and see how many poles actually died . 
  jews had it worse as they were on the first line but we were just behind them , sometimes switching places . 
  err ... women ? 
  oh how many poles has burned in the same ovens and also were shoot in the back of the head on the barren fields , but holocaust is still only jewish thing . 
  aaaw , and now she deleted her comment ; ( you huwt hew feeeleeengs !, 
  in contrast to holocaust for example : ) do you even register words like `` in comparison '' `` in contrast '' `` in context '' ? 
  because they relocation in comparison to what was going on in the occupied lands is , on the scale of wwii , just minor inconvenience ? 
  how eloquent, 
  there are no pitchforks and burning stakes yet , so lets keep it at manhunt , shall we ? 
  i like this , paranoid unless proven right . 
  nah , i do n't want to redraw the borders again , but i want to know how and why they were put down as they are . 
  redrawing them then was bad , doing the same now would n't be better . 
  they were moved back to the lands occupied by their german brethren from the lands now occupied by their former enemy that would , with joy , hang them all down from the nearest tree . 
  also volksdeutscher selbstschutz happend and people did n't want for it to happen again . 
  also it was n't poland that was drawing the lines , mind that . 
  as i said in another comment it was rather gift for communist block rather than poland itself and we , in fact , lost our overall landmass : now 312 679 km \u00b2 to of that of iirp : 389 720 km \u00b2 i ca n't said i am sorry . 
  and hey , your germans were moved mostly back to germany , our poles were moved to the stratosphere or underground , so overall as a loosing nation you did fairly good . 
  edit : yeah , and i made that `` better '' typo . 
  whoops . 
  but that was subtle , i like it , 
  if you manage to give us back lwow then yeah , sure :d . if you can manage that that 's it . 
  and it is * exactly * your ( like , nation , not you personally ) fault that we had ended in this kind of situation , including removing germans from polish ground . 
  and our allies were n't better , mind that , ready to solve any problem by sacrificing poland . 
  it was rather soviet block that get extra land and i would n't be better * that * much if not for that hug from zssr : ) beside the fact that now our land : 312 679 km \u00b2 , is smaller than that of iirp : 389 720 km \u00b2 so thanks , but no thanks . 
  kill the stagnation with fire ? 
  witches ? 
  i was sure we were just burning women to kill some time . 
  i am not anti german but i am still bitter about all that war and * genocide * stuff when its brought up ,
