  i know they are increasing security , but the need for such plan b is a catastrophy in itself . 
  sorry for being white male trash , would you like for me to share my monthly patriarchal allowance with you ? 
  you should protect your dignity , bodily integrity and property and bail out at the first occasion * or * become 100 % brit and relinquish your polish heritage . 
  you are not welcomed anymore , this is their soil , you play by their rules or you do n't go to their playfield . 
  poles have luxary of chance of being naturalised . 
  you should criticize voilence , yes , but you are still only a guest . 
  ** edit : ** you also could still be living there as i to believe it is only marign of british society and rest of brits would hapilly help you in protecting you and your laws . 
  police did n't stop working on such cases , newspapers did n't omnited such events . 
  he is from `` razem '' and something tells me they are commies . 
  is this jolly-golly `` razem '' party way of thinking or it is only your major malfunction ? 
  i had that vibe that `` razem '' is nothing more than bunch of commies who turned red for violet . 
  puting `` razem '' on the side , you really would like to escalate conflict with native brits on their own soil for mistreating of your own nationales ? 
  you should bail out back to poland or become brit , any other option is n't better than `` fascism and racims '' you proclaim to fight against . 
  or you could just go through his post history and see for yourself . 
  it is there . 
  i , as a male , would also feel safer at the front of stage . 
  i , myself , would just hire 20 security officers and put them in crowd . 
  i know it is more expensive than a gender segregation ( which is n't bad in some cases ... like toilets ? 
  i know you were laughting at british . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  you are french , after all . 
  being poor is sometimes a choice , sometimes result of unforseen incidents you do n't have control over , sometimes result of being born in wrong place , at wrong time , with huge anchor tied to your leg . 
  we are not animals without will nor we are masters of our fate . 
  man is only a thinking reed . 
  how lovely ... 
  but still somehow i ca n't hate all brits for that . 
  it was clear to me and i was talkig about justification . 
  also there is no need for / s i think . 
  it is bad news for 20-actioneers because they are raists . 
  my girlfriend once passed out during intercouse and she * was n't * drunk . 
  i did stop when i noticed that but it leaves 2 or 5 minutes of unclear situation . 
  my ex had fetish besed on initiating sex during sleep and theoretically it is abuse . 
  yeaaaaahh . . awkward sex is awkward . 
  i just googled it . 
  pathetic . 
  i 've heard some nasty stuff but did n't really see any proof , no photos , movies , documents , recordings beside the fact that government is trying to subjugate bunch of people running with guns . 
  i 'm sorry , who is fascist there ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  only if you can provide certificate of kosher slaughter . 
  we are aiming to get into wider market . 
  your anger makes me want to involuntarily hide any gold object in my vicinity . 
  it must be natural selection in working ... see ? 
  we can laught at that :d . also germanization during partitions of poland was worse taking into account how long it taken . 
  [ citadel-ish vibe ] ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/half-life/images/0/0b/citadel_walls.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110331022005&amp;path-prefix=en ), 
  question : if i steal your car is it yours or mine car ? 
  i recognize something from third link . 
  http://www.zupagrafika.com/zupamarket.html i think you might enjoy that ; ), 
  we will take scrap but we wo n't take your sheep away from you . 
  we are n't monsters , my friend . 
  everything that has wheels and is n't bolted to the ground . 
  you know what ? 
  ignore the bolted part . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brutalist_architecture brutalism is so inhuman and yet i 'm so drawn to it ... 
  what donbas ? 
  ukrainian donbas or separatist donbas ? 
  do you have some one-out-of-two you are willing to offer ? 
  that 's what i would hope for , but what i fear is that it would only devaluate worth of human hour/work . 
  simple people with basic skills ca n't compete with machines and there is limited amount of specjalist you can have . 
  one toothbrush ( number pulled out of ass ) once was produced for 1 $ and sold for 1.5 $ , now it is sold for 1.5 $ but it cost only 0.10 $ to produce . 
  profit goes to owner of the machine but cost is the same . 
  like in a game of monopoly the ones that were before you have a cut in the system and little of that is left for rest of the people . 
  i expect something akin to french revolution or new communism/nationalism taking hold , because noone is willing to be reasonable . 
  i swear to god , if it were n't illegal corporations would be selling organs of they workers long ago . 
  i love fish and chips !, 
  edit : now i love it ** even more !, 
  we accept checks , cash , stock , precious stones , gold and body organs . 
  fuck them then . 
  system that is build on extortion and exhaustion of worker is no good at all . 
  in place of foreign companies that could n't manage normal level without outsorcing workforce will be replaced by companies that can . 
  we are living in a dream , in a temporar bubble made by `` wonders '' of cheap products from asia that are imposible to compete with on the large scale . 
  we have made a mistake by allowing such reality to unfold and it is time to fix it before it breaks down on its own . 
  tax robots , force minimal wage equal for everyone and let business fall if it ca n't manage . 
  naaah , they have to make money and if presented with no other option , they will . 
  great . 
  until data is collected for presentation let me just disregard your opinion . 
  so no source then ? 
  okay . 
  it is cheaper if you do n't have to pay people in avoiding border control . 
  i have solution : one way ticket vouchers . 
  it allows you , for half a year , use all of european public transportation for free but only in general direction of south . 
  from sweden to poland , from poland to serbia , from serbia to greece and from greece to turkey . 
  but not the other way around . 
   poles are some of the most vocals source please . 
  or is that a strawman ? 
  sorry , i ca n't just help myself . 
  i think you are right . 
  i think we wo n't be friends . 
  no it is not goddamn strawman . 
  you said we should discuss it without fearmongering , i asked for example even giving two . 
  if you think both are wrong then please find me right one . 
  nobody here declared themself intelligent too , you used it as some sort form of asteism . 
  if someone is making such declarations and disciplining others i would expect him/her assuming right position . 
  no matter which side will you turn this case there are some things you ca n't ignore even if it makes you uncomfortable . 
  syria was second world country and now it is third world country , these things happen . 
  they should . 
  it was our mistake to make business comfy in thinking that they can practically turn people into slaves as long as they import them from far away . 
  this system is sick . 
  it should n't be unreasonable expectation for business to hire native/local citizen for full payment for doing full job . 
  so please do so . 
  now you , you yourself diverted the argument meta-crying about comments here .
