  and no matter to what party they belong to , this is one case when they are united . 
  taking aside if they are rebels or terrorists that guy is one sick puppy . 
  i 'm sure he joined only to merry shoot at people while pumping up his supremacist ego . 
  i can only wonder what atrocities he committed during that chaos . . . . are n't rebels/terrorists to be pardoned for any crime they might have commited during these fights ? 
  oh god . . 
  i did n't downvote you but i see another point of his declaration : to point out situation of nadiya savchenko . 
  shame to say it is fisrt time i heard about her thanks to him . 
  too soon ... 
  what the hell is that ? 
  map of tribes before common era ? 
  i was always playing as dark elf ... 
  i like to act as an outsider . 
  maybe this ? 
  wow , that burns, 
  `` chrz\u0119\u015bci\u0107 '' is the sound of breaking things or crumbling leaves or aluminium foil . 
  we love you too . 
  hows economy these days in the antic land ? 
  just like they did in africa ' . 
  people are not aware that there is no point for local farmers to produce food as they ca n't compete with humanitarian freebies '' . 
  and humanitarian help ca n't be cut off just like that as agricultural system is inefficient . 
  squaring the circle ... ' not whole africa but whatever '' not really freebies but whatever, 
  no bydgoszcz no point ... 
  it 's just eloquence . 
  lots of people are thinking like him but they ca n't put it in such neat-o words , maybe because of emotional load . 
  also it is not about believing what ukrainian or russian media says as this comes out from separatists themselves . 
  if they are lying the question is why they do so and what they can gain from that . 
  we do n't have reason to love them , do we ? 
  and they are giving us even more reasons to be edgy about them . 
  it 's like someone kicked you in the balls the other day and today is boasting how shiny boots he has . 
  r/russia says that people do n't actually feel effects of embargo beside prices getting bit higher . 
  i am soooo full of aples right now . . no room for cheese ... 
  are you sure ? 
  i do n't know ... 
  i must say , that was harsh ... 
  unless poland . - . 
  i would put in right place one , huge , oil spitting leech . 
  if we want go back to `` glorious '' times of cccp, 
  hehehe ... wait , * what ? 
  that probably would work . 
  too bad none of the sides is willing to let go even an inch , otherwise it would be settled long ago . 
  what is sad is that i can see people on both sides having right . 
  many israelis are born on these grounds , generations already so this is their land , same as palestinians . 
  palestinians are repressed , israelis are harassed by terrorists , or as some calls them partisans ( during armistice , yeaa . . ) . 
  this is how things end when you let such conflicts drag on the span of decades . 
  i do n't know how it will end , but it should be lesson for everone . 
  pains of having thousands years worth of history ... 
  but some other country managed to fit in 200 years of history slavery and civil war . 
  anyway , technical question , how do you imagine stopping settlement construction ? 
  by force or by voice ? 
  one wo n't work , other one would end in bloody mess . 
  maybe israel-palestine conflict has such big coverage because europe wants to play ball and sing songs with israel . 
  i suppose israelis would n't be happy if their country and sphere of influence would be somewhere between congo and india heh ? 
  in chechnya , crushed by military force lol . 
  this war was slowly * bleeding out * both sides . 
  second war took 9 goddamn years , it was rather slowly squished rather than crushed . 
  some islamic insurgency fighters ( these are fuckheads of their own brand btw ) and controlled government is far better than what it was . 
  problem of israel and palestine ... with their back and forth dance it might not be enough . 
  people are tired of this but it looks like ruling parties have different goal in mind rather than well-being of * everyone * . 
  you are right , both sides are animals deserve nothing more than these bullets they are sending both ways ... ... wait , this does n't sound good , let 's try something crazy . 
  let israel pump lot of money into palestine to provide better living standards for these people rather than repressing them ... nah , it would n't work , it never works . 
  it did n't work in chechnya ... * oh wait , it did !, 
  what is `` white guilt complex '' anyway ? 
  i can google that , yeah , but how it really works there in us ? 
  nobody can choose in what family one is born into but feeling guilt for getting better start ? 
  wa . . whaat ? 
  these assholes . 
  there is n't worse thing that cutting someones tree . 
  it is like killing someones dog , these things wo n't come back in next year !, 
  no , it is n't that i do n't like dogs , i just love trees . 
  why would they do that ? 
  nah , i do n't say you ca n't be angry about this problem . 
  that conversation was interesting but the last part really did hurt your argument , that 's the only problem here . 
  aaand here it goes , yellow card for * reductio ad hitlerum *, 
  for poland in this year we have new rules concerning segregation of trash . 
  i expect that in this year we will go up in numbers to the rest of europe . 
  nobody is stealing my jobs ... nobody to blame ... 
   ( unfortunately , the same thing can not be said about the men ... ) okay , * sniff * , okay ... 
  bydgoszcz is quite clean now . 
  durning these years of modernisation lot of things changed . 
  10 years ago from now i can remember fields of plastic bags rolling on the wind and other trash in forests but now everthing is keept clean and shiny . 
  of course you will find some trash here and there , but just like everywhere . 
  yeah , `` a plaything '' is quite a light way to call a plan for exterminating poles and jews and all in between and lots and lots of other nationalities . 
  this is the worst part . 
  you ca n't say anything or you became one of them , one of them . . one of us . . one of us . . one of us . 
  but belarusians do n't likes us so much anymore , mostly because of us booting into their internal affairs , or it 's just propaganda , or politics ... 
  if we are at this well ... everybody loves poland but poles . 
  seriously , my friend was so happy with rome because it had a traffic jam at 3am . 
  frekkin traffic jam `` only in rome  . 
  for the love of god , if this would happen in warsaw she would be like `` fuck that city and all '' . 
  or this other girl saying `` i ca n't work in polish company anymore . 
  everyday looking at these sad , tired faces '' . 
  congratulations girl on your new job , now you will be the only sad and tired face in a company . 
  i do n't really judge where they want to live or what they enjoy but i ca n't stand when these people come back here and say that everything is so shitty here ( they call it literally `` shitty '' ) . 
  but we do have these kind of laws . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hate_speech_laws_in_poland what do you think is lacking there ? 
   explosives diarrhea hehe , too much binding of isaac for me ... 
  just as glados said : `` the best solution to a problem is usually the easiest one . 
  and i 'll be honest . 
  killing you ? 
  is hard . '',
