  few immigrants that were in poland had run away to germany , that tells something . 
  rule of the choosen should be such that rule of the mob does n't overthrow them . 
  cameron wanted referendum , he got referendum . 
  it shows that globalists and elites are disconected from their people and that is main problem . 
  our leaders were trying to fit square peg into round hole and now they have broken something . 
  i see you like to tell people what is better for them , maybe you should i do n't know start a party , be a dictator ? 
  you sound like having habits of a boss telling people what they should do , think , and even feel . 
  it is great to be so progressive when you are scooping for yourself the cream of globalism and multiculturalism while common person is unseen behind tall gate of your closed community . 
  but that 's my wild guess . 
  what happend now is that left was * encouraging * ongoing immigration from around the world and * native citizens * were n't ready for that , not in amount nor in form . 
  left tried to charm people that it all was allright , left was proposing actions that were disconnected from reality , that was gasoline left was pouring on . 
  right allowed to produce one extreme nationalist that killed innocent woman and everyone were losing their poo while left , by its ignorance , made countries valvrabre for mass shootings and killings . 
  brexit is consequence of all that . 
  you do n't throw ants into peoples pants and then be fussy because they do n't enjoy it as much as you do . 
  you ca n't make people happy by force and what makes you happy does n't have to make them happy . 
  if hundreds of tousand of my nationals have to come back to poland so millions of brits can be happy in their own country , so be it . 
  it is their own country . 
  i think you just gave meaning to my life . 
  you are right . 
   in the right wing universe , refugees occurred because of feelings and political correctness . 
  in reality , it was climate change and civil war . 
  in right wing universe it happend from the same reasons that in left wing universe , but left wings likes to ridicule right so they can keep on pouring gasoline on fire because reasons . 
  yes , leave would be devastating for them and that is one reason i do n't want brits to leave but i ca n't force brits to stay so we can welcome back our own nationals and this will be good for us too . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
   yay our feelings and emotions !, 
  for some people , it 's all that seems to matter in this universe . 
  * something something recent middle east immigration * but seriously , braindrain is real and it would give us second chance to do things right to our people . 
  or dunno , they can move to germany , the point is : i wo n't shame them for that . 
   eu migrants are significantly more likely to be younger , better qualified and economically active ; they pay far more into the country in work and taxes than they take out in public benefits or services . 
  yep , we would take them back and it will be good for us . 
  not that i want brits to leave , but i also wo n't force them to stay . 
  i think you should rather \uff30\uff49\uff43\uff4b - \uff55\uff50 - \uff54\uff48\uff41\uff54 - \uff43\uff41\uff4e, 
  to western for east , to eastern for west . 
  i think i understand you somehow . 
  \u210b ... . . to be honest hireroglyps are logograms but also chinese and japanese are using logograms . 
  and japanese and chinese in writting are daaaamn sexy, 
  emojis are nothing more but an abominations and degeneration of written language . 
  * and at todays evening , ladies and gentlemen , i present you : * #soros vs murdoch ** mma ** i would pay good money to watch that . 
  answer  obviously ignoring movement of people . 
  question  does that include polish brain drain ? 
  dear god, 
  and lets not forget , they tell us for what we spend that money * and * we have to chip for the other half of the budget for said roads . 
  my father is from rural poland , he has around what , 11 siblings ? 
  he was one of few to run further away from the farm ( he was a soldier ) . 
  kuyavian-pomeranian voivodeship so still poland a but i do know simple folks . 
  still never met one that would force his/her daughter to become a nun . 
  that on its own pisses me off . 
  are you in eu with * only one western country ? 
  edit * : omission, 
  okay , so what sane country gives away billions and has nothing in return ? 
  yes because , again , that was the deal for opening our market and leavin them say for what we spend that money . 
  if they stop sending money we can as well close market and tell their gov to fo , because that was the deal . 
  also , refugees are running away from poland too : ) edit : also that would make any other country in eu think twice about making a deal with germany . 
  she 's still part our authorities tho . 
  you ca n't send enought money to buy * that * from us . 
   the german swimming society said the row was the result of a mix-up , and the local council had sent out a standard set of rules it prepared for public swimming pools . 
  so . . a mistake ? 
  so what 's all that fuss about ? 
  on the other hand , you were allowed to swim naked at the public swimming pools ? 
  everyone here is trying to say that ulterior motive is to get british money . 
  maybe it is also a symbol that polish gov. 
  is n't as antieuropean/antiunion as people are thinking nowdays . 
  food for thought, 
   free-money as far as remember there was sort of a deal here , open borders , open market , open for exports from countries with overwhelmingly large leverage , money we are told how to spend . 
  but sure it is all free woho thanks dad for allowance !, 
  one was living near me and the other one said so himself . 
  i think . . thats enought ? 
  and all germans are wearing bavarian pants . 
  well , honestly ... 
  i 'm stumped . 
  i wonder from what parts of poland she is . 
  black poles exist too . 
  i think i saw 2 in my life . 
  it is like selling knifes on gun-control protest . 
  poles are usualy `` non-practicing christians '' . 
  i am baptized and i will probably baptize my kids too but i do not believe in god . 
  it is more of a tradition for me . 
  and i love sound of pipe organs . 
  also , what is wrong with racial homogenity ? 
  you do n't like poles ? 
  are you some kind of racist \u0ca0_\u0ca0 ? 
  yes , they used to but that was part of natural ages-spanning fluctuations with different atmospheric makeup . 
  do n't take me wrong , i know that half of the eco stuff is nothing but bussiness buuuut i also know we are fully capable of making this planet rather unplesant place to live on . 
  to a point where feedback loop of ocean heating-methane release kills us all , that is . 
   social-cohesion aaaaah . . nope . 
   maybe russia is bad but you are no better . 
  wow , now i 'm going to hear that we were nazis too ( again ) . 
  still , lower bodycount than russia , lower bodycount than germany , we are shitty at being so shitty it seems . 
  if you want to cry what will be after wwiii then do so after wwiii , if there is place on this planet left that is n't smoldering crater . 
  invasion force : united states : 192,000 troops united kingdom : 45,000 australia : 2,000 poland : 194 iraqi kurdistan peshmerga : 70,000 194 special force troopers to secure empty refineries so noone would blow them up into smitners oh wow . 
  i could even say that it was humanitarian/ecological action . 
  think about all that air pollution and seaguls !, 
  seriously , if you want to shame me you can find better things that that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_tolerance in short , we have choosen some actions in good faith but no the consequences . 
   me looking at poland are we in 1950s now or what ? 
  aaa , makulatura :d english has such word for these creations : pulp fiction . 
  cheap story on cheap paper . 
  you are allready invaded by poles heheheh . 
  i think it is time to liberate some minority !, 
  your honest lenghty answer deserves honest lenghty answer but sadly i have no time for it right now .
