  i. . . kinda ca n't stand people there ... 
  how should i vote to make you our supreme leader ? 
  i still miss him : (, 
  and we are pretty good in rebuilding especially that city . 
  moral contract . . hmm . . you bend your back to the way we live as we wo n't be bending our back to live the way you live . 
  taking into account on how we have quite loose rules on how every individual in europe can live his or her own life that is pretty good deal . 
  they will say they tried everything they could , but because rest of europe was so unwelcoming it is other peoples fault or something . 
  so heroes , i guess . 
  well , i would call them heroes too , stupid ones , but still . 
  well , if someone would like to move in and live with me i * would * ask these questions , i would just add `` are you smoking ? '', 
  i conside our white trash as a failure of our system , to be truely a trash you have to grow into one . 
  and we manage them , poorly . 
  also nobody is afraid to throw white trash into a jail for things like an assult or rape , but as we can see some european countries have problems with that . 
  yeah , what about that ? 
  nah , i was going at how our history is simillar . 
  not really , but you would have all these hard moral choices too . 
  is that person hungry ? 
  is that person in danger ? 
  is that person in danger * and * dangerous ? 
  how dangerous ? 
  are you alone ? 
  are you yourself hungry ? 
  do you have hungry neighbor ? 
  lol , as you said , feminazi swj are the problem , feminism at its base is allright , so no surprise we can sometimes share common values with these feminazis . 
  just as i can say fuck peta but srsly do n't kick that dog . 
  you see !, 
  i am also an idiot !, 
  my disability should earn my some more money . 
  maybe a car ? 
   seriously well , they 've got one serious beating , did n't they ? 
  you know , a fist with the same force can do no damage as well as kill you , the catch is where it lands . 
  it is better not to get in fights ... ... but i thing i should start from listening to my own advices . 
  just read the comments here and you will see . 
  it was n't hard choice . 
  oh , and we do n't hate muslims , we hate wife beatings ; ), 
  i just laughted so hard that everyone wonders now what 's so funny in my spreadsheets . 
  demonizing islam ? 
  its execution is the other thing . 
  who is brainwashed depends on which side of the fence you are standing . 
  if anyone would be pushing of my litteral , mortar and brick home ( well , more like a panel\u00e1k , but whatever ) i would just beat that anyone with a stick . 
  i live in poland and in this economy my future is also uncertain . 
  send me some more money plz ok thx ? 
  funny way to put it . 
  in the golfing allegory , while whole world is watering their golf courses during drought because old man in silly hat tells them so , * not * watering their grass . 
  someone says they do better by not burning carbon fuels , some says the same but use '' * renewable energy '' * as the key world . 
  heeey , i know that story from somewhere !, 
  i have seen enought of politicians saying one thing and doing another . 
  i am too poor to own a back yard t_t ... 
  i can burry it in my flower pot tho . 
  true and i 'm not surprised for two reasons . 
  first , this is only known by the poles that did travel to germany . 
  second , as i have said , we are lagging , russian hug-of-love makes us still , 10 , 15 years behind wester countries . 
  it is not an excuse but rather explanation , mind that . 
  but i still ca n't explanation these total sponge-brainers that are spewing shit like * `` oh how we could use hitler right now '' * . 
  bloody idiots . 
  people just should get their shit together and make their own history : /, 
  you know , 20 years ago poles were getting rocks thrown at them , in germany , for speaking in polish ... we are lagging socially and economically ( guess why ) but now when we barely started standing straight on our own feet everyone wants us to be somehow * enlightened * . 
  ha , this is awsome . 
  i was getting that vibe that people nowdays use history in place of god ... like once they would say * `` the god will judge you '' * but now it is * `` the history will make us right '' * . 
  this argument is no better than * `` i think that i am right so i must be right '' * and then you call for something bigger , more powerfull but abstract to validate your point . 
  and of course , as we all know , history is written by the winners ... 
  but still it would be much better if people would choose that ... it is getting , ahem , * problematic * when government does wrong , wrong things believing it does the right thing . 
  there is so much shit pilling from left and right , like these ugly minor things like the fact that that syrian boy that has drowned was moved from place to place to take more heartbreaking shots ( like a dead baby si n't enought in itself ) and how our own people are spewing shit no different from what nazists were saying and doing ... 
  god bless the queen , i guess . 
  if you bought your ticket but did n't sign in you could just play this as `` bought but forgotten '' . 
  you just take your fine-note to their office , show them you had a viable pass and pay paperwork-fine of 5pln . 
  that ... that is pretty neat idea !, 
  i had hard time to understand them , was that what they really said ? 
  i 'm not . 
  fuck them both . 
  first you had to lay down new railroad tracks ... 
  as i said before , i hope it is filled with toxic gas we we can share it with all the claimants . 
  ohh ... you know how to make my blood boil ... 
  successor state of ussr with all the pros and none of the cons !, 
  they did n't kill people , soviets did !, 
  but they will take care of all that might-be gold for you !, 
  i hope this train is filled with cans of toxic gas , i would * gladly * then share that with all these claimants from every side . 
  zyklon for you , and for you , and for you !, 
  probably , maybe , dunno , it was always there , i think so . 
  just the registration plate kinda fell off . . 
  nah maaan , these lynchings are n't * that * bad !, 
  you just have to endure them for like year or two and after that your free nerve endings are getting dull and it 's aaaw right . 
  btw , your nickname reminds me of one bombastic man . - . 
  oh ... by any chance , did you lost your car recently ? 
  dispersing responsibility i see . 
  this is so true ... when was the last time that you went to poland ? 
  props for song < 3, 
  and here is your mandatory golden pole !, 
  yes , i know , but averge salary is calculated in shitty way and it does n't represent in any way how much averge citizen is earning but still these numbers are used to show how `` good '' it is to live here now . 
  yaaaaaay ... you made my blood boil . 
  as a revenge , go read how national averge salary is calculated here : http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9arednia_krajowa, 
  us and sjw standards, 
  we love you too brah !, 
  btw there is something wrong with your flair flag . 
  it 's upside-down with strange spot in the middle . 
  you should call mods to get it fixed . 
  seriously , i ca n't see your nation as continuer of nazi ideology , not with all that self-flagellation over what ya grandpa did many years ago . 
  and nobody dresses as sharp as nazis did . 
  appearances of choice . 
  like we can refuse migrants * but * we have to pay mountain of mony for each .
