  when one price inflates you buy another one heh . 
  or we will be also banned from holding and trading gold after cash ? 
  you can barely now because whole idea of using cheap labor to boost economy is short-sighted , retarded and consumptive in terms of human resource . 
  union gave germany a nice boost , but it was mismanaged and it all went to shit . 
  and i like my memes like i like my whisky : older is better . 
  wan na some dancing_baby . gif ? 
  yeah , we should have started our own union with blackjack and hookers !, 
  but from where would you get your cheap workers and imports then ? 
  they bleed red like everyone else . 
  how convenient ... 
  our real democracy is choked by a tumor of past filth , but when you point that out here people get mad . 
  be it po , sld , psl laws were made under the table , under the smokescreen to accomodate needs of choosen ones . 
  hell , i beat that even pis did that too . 
  it is fucking suffocating , i 'm telling you . 
  old fuck telling you how you should be enterprising and hard working , grinning . 
  these people have build copmanies as big as these that were build by generations of americans ... and they did it in like what , 20 years ? 
  fucking how ? 
  how did they get resources needed to start such a thing ? 
  bigger fish got bigger slice and rest of the people were left on the ice . 
  i really , really would n't mind that , that people connected with some factories and companies before are now in chare of them , that would be expected . 
  but maddening are these underhanded methoods they used and underhanded methoods they are using today . 
  they say we are living in free country but on many cases , on many issues that needs solving there is layer of conveniently poured concrete . 
  just like it was with lech wa\u0142\u0119sa , it was dragged and dragged , everyone with half-wit could smell there was something wrong but with right misdirection evertyhing was fiiine . 
  now when lid blew off what people say now ? 
  `` it was so long ago , let it just go '' . 
  no , fucking no . 
  we did n't clean our dishes then we have to manage that pile now . 
  ** you ca n't let them make waiting until the thing blows over a feasible tactic to cover their abuse ** . 
  they have to be accountable for everything they did . 
  not only redditors but many poles too ... our todays * entrepreneurs * and * businessmen * are nothing more than high ranked operatives from previous system ... or their wifes are , or their friends are , working as a fence ... with right file folder and right person on the right place they had everything under remote control . 
  they believe that czes\u0142aw kiszczak had bunch of folders stashed somewhere because of historical sentiment ? 
  how many such kiszczaks do we have , hoarding such folders on secret collaborators of sb ? 
  ruining perfectly working company then buying it back in `` open auction '' for 1 pln and then selling what is left in warehouse for millions was common practice of * decommunization * and * privatization * . 
  we had a system change when we had because old communists found a way to milk that transition . 
  but yeah , we are the baddies now , ruining our wonderfull democration and what not : ( #edit : yeah , downvote me . 
  i know , truth hurts like a bitch . 
  and you did n't steal his identity ? 
  man , you need to be bit more enterprising !, 
  nah , i 'm too far from warsaw and there is no convenient bus to give me a lift for demonstration at a moment 's notice . 
  yeah , i 'm low on my daily dose of tvn . 
  oh no , i do n't have television set in home ... shit . 
  everyone looks cooler with edgy armband !, 
  old communists afraid of their rear ends : ), 
  naah , that would be putim , pis is few steps behind him on that matter . 
  and we allready have ( had ) cool military . 
  [ just look at that !, 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/18/94/8f/18948fa50d36ae2b551905af8696f9a1.jpg ) , elegant , proud and * without * hint of `` we will murder you all '' . 
  it just needs little trim at the edges . 
  it looks like a lathe chuck hahaha !, 
  i love it !, 
  but i feel bad for anyone who has to live in that thing . 
  i have made a lenghty answer but my explorer crashed and it all went to hell so bear with me while i keep it short ( ish ) now : * i would n't be surprised if this law would be out of use . 
  with that definition you could n't even do as much as mount an anchor plate to the wall and these towers were falling apart allready in 2013 . 
  * romanesque art ( architecture ) was all about volume and mass so this could work here and yes , it would n't work with baroque architecture because it was all about opulence , theatrum sacrum yadda yadda . 
  * to be honest , neolithic art would be easier to recreate . 
  * you say we have lot of data about how things looked and it is not true . 
  whole late middle ages and renaissance was period of hunting for ancient knowledge . 
  most greek works of art are , in fact , roman copies . 
  this is why nike of samothrace looks how she looks and that 's why laoco\u00f6n group went throught quite few changes in restoration because we were wrong . 
  * there are quite few nice text on this topic you can find : https://ceroart.revues.org/1127#text * you are not right or wrong , there is ongoing discussion in art world about shape and form of restoration but you probably should n't laught at `` art college '' and whatnot . 
  these are people who create and take care of art you seem to love so much . 
  restoration is not only making stuff to look like they looked before . 
  if you ca n't feasibly safe it while keeping it true to its previous look the next step is to conserve it so it wo n't deteriorate any further . 
  there is a reason why this field at uni is called * conservation and restoration * . 
  it is like when they put glass panes over over antique mosaic . 
  it was n't there but thanks to it you wo n't ruin the original . 
  so when boss is going to sew us these awsome uniforms ? 
  you are not alone . 
  i can see clearly an original picece and new , added part that does n't steal the spotlight but at the same time outlines overall mass and shape of original building . 
  in modern restoration there is also principle of reversibility . 
  even if you put best restorators with best skills to the work tere are always missing pieces in our knowledge of the past , so once restored object faced with new knowledge can be , in fact , fictitious . 
  there are problems with some works of art and architecture that were * allready * `` restored '' in the distant past and both , the oryginal and restored parts are historically accurate in some sense . 
  hush hush there . 
  pis is new hitler , you did n't know ? 
  i believe she only part of something deeper , nobody can single-handedly fuck up such big system . 
  and i would even understand if her motives would be as you described , but now while holding hands and pretending we are one big happy european family . 
  but any other action that was taken after that did n't help at all . 
   after all , for every person that gets smuggled into greece , turkey gets rid of 1 syrian hah , i would like to take all the syrians if these were only syrians . 
  actually all cultures of middle east before islam were awsome in its own way . 
  ehh . . now i 'm sad when i think about it . 
  i might not sound like that but i used to point out how cool can be an arab culture , with turkey as an example , when you take care of all the crazy ones . 
  #let them eat cake, 
  yeah , it turns bit too much middle-eastern for my taste . 
  too bad we are stuck in the middle of it lol . 
  if you want to get closer to european past i think a history book is fine enought . 
  strange , what i feel toward you is perfect indifference . 
  we have been learning from the masters . 
  remember when turkey wanted to get closer and closer to europe ? 
  i can faintly recall that . 
  https://muslimstatistics.wordpress.com/ some numbers to play with . 
  you do n't care ... ok . 
  well , now you have whole list of these to make up your mind . 
  honest question , were you unaware of these numbers ? 
  https://muslimstatistics.wordpress.com/ here , whole blog of these . 
  some better , some not so good . 
  1 minute of googling . 
  for being virtually removed from the map of the world hmm . . 
  expulsion of 11 million sounds ok for me , yeah . 
  11 million relocated is n't 11 million forcefully polonized so it 's nice . 
  about these lands after wwii maybe you do n't want to see it bot soviets did took it all !,
