some profanities ? 
  naaaw , it must be something else . 
  it is perfect . 
  it is perfection itself . 
  oh . . did know that before that you might be colourblind or it 's just the first time you had problem with that ? 
  yeah , and i was born in bromberg and now live in thon . 
  you can not argue how badass these names sound . 
  not much of opportunities for personal development i think ? 
  or that we do n't have much of places that would work as intercultural hub , maybe beside danzing and warsaw ( i do n't like warsaw . - . ), 
  hmm . . 
  i think i did . 
  yess yessss ... the grand plan for dominating old world is going well . 
  this will sound silly , but i needed light joke like that today . 
  have an upvote . 
  i 'm afraid we do n't have any tar drinks and beside smoked goods i have no idea how tar could taste . - . 
  in poland `` tar '' translates into `` smo\u0142a '' and `` dziegie\u0107 '' and the second one comes from bark and that one i can only find as a diluted solution for dermal disinfection ... we have saying that `` spoon of dziegie\u0107 will spoil barrel of honey '' ( where probably `` honey '' ( mi\u00f3d ) was meant for `` mead '' ( mi\u00f3d pitny ) ) : p, 
  and i was thinking that poland had lot of trees . 
  aaand birch bark is awsome !, 
  and birch tar has so many uses but you probably know that :p i wonder how terva leijona tastes . - . 
   hydroponics/aeroponics energy and resources needed for these methods , if implemented , would be would be much , much bigger than what you would need to build and run water treatment plants for normal use . 
  you see , even if you do replace water usage in growing plants , that water will be used anyway in production of infrastructure ( eg . 
  advanced materials ) and energy . 
  why everyone is saying that this is digital painting ? 
  for me it looks like oils . - . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disneyland_with_the_death_penalty hmm . . that 's not it . . maybe some baloons on the top ? 
  nnnnghhhh ... happy cake day . __ . 
  neo-nazis are not nazis . 
  nazis were products of their time , citizens of suffocating country , they wanted well-being of their people and state and lot of them did n't know about genocidal machinery behind their conquer ( rape , murder and plunder still happend ) and without historical experience of how ideology based on hatred is destructive for both sides and that is difference between then and now . 
  neo-nazis know exacly how it went and do n't mind doing it again . 
  if someone is openly supporting is it should fell under hate speech , they do have laws for that . 
  of course you wo n't deport some random dude for tweeting `` go go is '' but to just make up an example , an influental religious leader supporting is , using hate-speech and giving shelter for wanted terrorists and criminals would be a good candidate . 
  and then ? 
  well , maybe he will catch a schrapnel in one of the bombings . 
  that this is why i said deportation or detention is the option . 
  and about nazis/neo-nazis difference - one are manageable , others were not . 
  as far as i remember anyone who did n't fight nazis with bullets was feed bullets . 
  is is bad , it is very bad and everyone who is for creation of is is n't right in the head . 
  i do n't say you should shoot every theo-totalitarian prick in that head , but their punishment should be as harsh as law allows . 
  ha , i 'm getting lazier and lazier . 
  i should find some time to repeat basics and also get rid of that nasty habit of trasnlating some words litterally . 
  anyway , in polish it would be `` przepraszam pana , nie chcia\u0142em pana upokorzy\u0107 '' but i did understand it well  . 
  oh , and `` panna '' is young and not married girl ( unless she is old , then you would add `` stara '' ( old ) :p ), 
  they want to play war , does n't they ? 
  this is what people do on war , they die . 
  i am , myself , not interesting in playing war with anyone here so if they really , really want to make trouble in the name of is we should help them with that . 
  pack their shit and send them back to is , but not before spending their time in prison for cutting these protesters . 
  free ticked to `` paradise '' for mutilating random dude ? 
  why ? 
  free propaganda is free . 
  i 'm just waiting to see in rossiyskaya gazeta new headlines `` poles loses faith in their army '' . 
  i know , i highjacked that joke to complain about state of our military . 
  putin would be proud of me < 3, 
  protecting with what ? 
  unless all out old buses strolling in cities are camouflaged tanks , i do n't see what we can use for `` protecting '' . 
  weeeeell this is going to end soon . 
  they say that more and more people is gettig anti-semite these days but in fact they are fed up with israeli shit like dick-cutting holocaust-monetizing and * other * stuff . 
  once we were afraid of such labels but not anymore . 
  now it just makes people angry . 
  seriously , how the hell you can have third generation of holocaust survivors ? 
  as being polish it 's funny for me , really , as what the fuck i am ? 
  pawiak survivor ? 
  holocaust survivor ? 
  gulag survivor ? 
  my-grandfather-was-hit-by-a-horse survivor ? 
  what is sad is that stupid people with their hate will be mixing-up jewish state with every jewish person out there in the world , which is unfair for them but that 's why we have specyfic laws made to protect minorities . 
  we sall alcohol everywhere . 
  and when i say everywhere ... it 's everywhere . 
  it 's flag of pripyat . 
  see , that eagle has * two * heads , duh . 
  she will , but i do n't know if her new `` master '' will let her go back . 
  ehh . . serious answer for serious answer : none of them . 
  you ca n't hotwire an electric car , no matter if it is or * it is n't * on the market . 
  they are mad . 
  it looks like russias government really is just one big mafia . 
  i used to joke how funny is us two party system but i think russia could get some of that . 
  that 's different user , sweety . 
  and you are helping in that , yes ? 
  what a wonderfull ambasador of peace you are . 
  expect fbi at your door honey, 
  yeah we are modest people , stealing german cars is best we can do . 
  would you mind to give us tips on stealing some major land masses , like crimea ? 
  we could use them to build shiny new wind turbines . 
  oil and gas are just soooo pass\u00e9 . 
  edit : for anyone wondering , / u/throwaway75369 asked me if * `` is it easier to steal german cars when daydreaming like that ? 
  '' * also in the time of our little discission he/she had russian flair . 
  he might be poor troll or just lost young person but we all love him , do n't we ? 
  brick on the pedal and let it go on its merry way < 3 ps . 
  i was reading your nick as xavras :p, 
  lithuania should interrogate its own citizens on its own land . 
  they should send them letters of invitation , they should prepare some pretty palace , castle or even parlament with red carpet and every interrogated citizen should be handed piece of paper with question `` how do you feel about evading service in zsrr army '' with options * good * * very * good then everybody should take part in great party in capitol with songs and flags and parades while watching one white truck being send away to russia , loaded with buttload of `` evidence '' in their case . 
  was n't soviet union build around russia and was n't russia the leading state in said union ? 
  we are waiting for our reformation of government in poland . 
  for like ten years already everybody is pointing at bloated system with too many bureaucrats with too much power and too little responsibility for their actions ( a bureaucrat that by `` mistake '' ruins well performing small company is n't held responsible for that ) . 
  common people see need for change , scholars see need for change and hell , ever our politicans see that our insufficient system needs change but guess what ? 
  nothing changes and i do not know why , as everyone around is so concerned and so sure and willing to work for it to happend but stil it is n't happening . 
  i tell you why . 
  they are like a locotus now . 
  their mother just spawned them too many so she is n't able to control them anymore . 
  our bureaucrats are at the same time usually members of our political parties and every one of them is supporting each other so if you wa n't some change you need them to get to the top aaand if you want lets say ... make some reductions in bureaucracy ? 
  well , they will quicky take you down or make sure you wo n't be elected next time because yes this is how big influence they have over local elections .
