  i think he was being sarcastic . 
  yeah , if you need to go on a war i think this is quite failure allready . 
  so it is allready too late . 
  we are allready falling down . 
  the question is not if , but when we hit the ground . 
  if that is n't too late i do n't know what would be . 
  did you tried poland ? 
  yeah , they say lot of us are christians but most of us are `` meh '' in being so . 
  it is more of tradition than faith . 
  but we do appreciate christian values . 
  ok , do you expect people to be smarter given second chance ? 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  it would work both sides , you know . 
  remember how us was eager to invade iraq ? 
  and reasons behind that were hazy . 
  now imagine a solid enemy that you can fight against . 
  with donald as us president they wyld have 50/50 chance to get some moabs and daisycutters . 
  bad idea . 
  i wonder how many poles are members of isis . 
  i think it would be even hard to say * some * of us are . 
  every man is responsible for his actions and for society that he is building . 
  immigrants , not syrians in particular . 
  there are parts of their culture ( s ) , seen in their ghettos , that are making them ill-prepared to live in modern europe : their attitude toward women their attitude toward christian symbilism their attitude toward non-arab laws their attitude toward our culture i dare you to say that our cultural conflicts are one-sided fault of white man . 
  hmm . . nah , you are right . 
  everything was going clusterfuck but yeah , germany and france had better idea what to do at that time . 
  nah , this is n't different thing and beside that all was under nato lead . 
  is germany part of nato ? 
  yeah , that 's shitty part of being in nato . 
  but to be honest the difference btween 4th invasion force of australian 2,000 and polish invasion force of ** 194 ** is huge and i do n't even know why we did even bother . 
  yes , societal rules are dumb . 
  you are right , lets welcome all the immigrants and ban their culture at the same time because social rules are dumb . 
  people are just people you know . 
  wait , so why syrians and afghans bunch together and fight against each other in refugee centers ? 
  you need to go there and tell them that people are people !, 
  you are naive bleeding heart . 
  they will run away , build ghettos here ( because our integration policy and their will to integrate is shit ) and they will live in `` little middle east '' in middle of europe with the difference of getting extra welfare . 
  http://www.globalresearch.ca/germany-plans-to-expand-its-military-operations-in-the-middle-east/5410099 sending weapons is not taking part in me affairs ? 
  they are at fault for not going throught legal channels and we * allready * have laws against things they are doing . 
  they are at fault for enforcing their way of life in our homelands and they are partially at fault for what is happenind in mena because of their work ethics , prejudices and superstitions . 
  but this is first time i 'm saying that here , i just said `` yeah , that 's the part where you are wrong . '', 
   with no one at fault yeah , that 's the part where you are wrong . 
  if you start calling every citizen a nazi just for being reasonably worried people * will * start thinking that being a nazi is n't really that bad . 
  to be honest , did you even found girl like that ? 
  i did n't but the guy i know did and the trick is not in buing her a drink . 
  it 's about being charming juicy hunk while doing that . 
  well , i welcome our new overlords . 
  they moght be rought on the edges but i like it that way . 
  heh , i laughted a little bit . 
  no grudges ? 
  no need for power ? 
  i know what is idealistic idea of eu but it is n't really how eu works . 
  it was reachable . 
  with turkey even if they would do everything we want from them , after end someone could pull `` turkey is n't really in europe '' card . 
  so any * talks * are pointless as any naswer , for now , would be * `` no '' * . 
  if they have choice , to put a lot of money to try to have a slim chance in joining eu or to put a little bit of mony to immediately earn lot of money and influence by repressing media and reselling isis oil ... yeah ... motivating 101 targets has to be achievable otherwise the promise of reward is ineffective ... 
  i wo n't be nba player because i 'm allready 26 with annoying backpain . 
  some things are only reachable in theory . 
  if you would lure me into rising early and training with promise of becoming a star , i can tell you to give me all your money with promise to cure cancer . 
  it is as reachable like me becoming nba star . 
  if ban would be european wide they could still use swiss guns because switzerland would n't be bound by eu legistration . 
  did n't they said so about cccp ? 
  there was point where it was impossible to imagine its meltdown . 
  we can imagine ourselves reaching other stars and galaxies but we ca n't imagine dissolution of one international agreement ? 
  sorry , but you sound dense . 
  * `` money is nothing !, 
  it literally lies everywhere in my mansion !, 
  you are fucking in the forest during holidays ? 
  would you mind importing some poles ? 
  http://douglasemerson.blogs.com/.a/6a00d8341c12ab53ef0133f26b02f7970b-pi not `` carrot * and * stick '' but `` carrot * on * the stick '' . 
  it is about prize that you will never reach . 
  so we are going to bait them with a carrot on the stick so they will do what we want and never give the carrot . 
  this is how you antagonize whole nation in one move . 
  great . 
  switzerland is not part of eu . 
  companies are like animals , maximal profit over dead bodies . 
  they need to be tamed by laws otherwise they will consume us all . 
  there is something in how decisions are made that desensitizes people toward other people . 
  subject : bad idea , fw : e-mail , fw : e-mail , fw : e-mail , fw : e-mail , and then , over time someone will ask `` oh god how could this happend !, 
   the belgian police is as trustworthy as a mellon . 
  well , a mellon wo n't stab me in the back . 
  is `` literally trump '' the new `` literally hitler '' ? 
  to kill nationality and turn people into benign drones . 
   if you try the to come over the border in the thousands , the police can not stop you yes , and this is why we have such thing as an army . 
  what if somebody would consider him a collateral damage ? 
  to be honest , i would rather walk than drive any van . 
  i do n't like big cars : ), 
  fiat vans are infamous for all i know . 
  i 'm personally driving grande punto ( diesel ) and it is really nice car . 
  that is why i will wait some time before ( if ) buying lets say that tipo . 
  it will be cheaper and also any issues in deisgn will only get evident over time . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/angela-merkel/12177944/angela-merkel-closing-europes-borders-would-plunge-greece-into-crisis.html i do n't get it . 
  it looks like she is saying all these things at once . 
  kill all commies of course . 
  that 's probably why he is still fighting . 
  when the ship is going down rats are going to the prow . 
  his father , zdzis\u0142aw macierewicz in 1949 was found dead in his laboratory . 
  ub ( ministry of public security ) judged it to be suicide . 
  knowing ub one could really question if it was suicide and i think this is when his crusade started . 
  people can call him crazy but before 1989 he was true freedom fighter . 
  `` war is boring '' welp , that is one interesting webpage .
