   pfff , you 'll find the same if you compare a born infant to a dog . 
  or was it a horse ? 
  some animal anyway . 
  if you start advocating for infanticide based on that ... well that 's at least a more consistent position than that of most . 
  well , thank you . 
  as i said there is human body and there is a person . 
  a person is a human mind that is trapped in a body , a vesel . 
  there can be a vesel without a person , like a dead body , but also a fetus is such vesel . 
  the difference is one vesel is functioning , the other is not . 
  that why you can consider a fetus a thing worth more than a dead body . 
  i also do n't find one person equal to another so i think that newborn is worth more than a fetus and i would sacrifice a fetus for a newborn . 
  then again i think that newborn might be worth more than for example his brain-dead 8 year old sibling so i would sacrifice 8 year old kid for a newborn . 
  on the other hand i do n't think that women mental health means more than a newborn or lets say 7 monts old fetus , so i would n't terminate or kill a kid just because mother feels so . 
  but i would kill such kid if pregnancy would risk mothers life . 
  i also would terminate pregnancy even in later state if the vessel , the body , would be crippled so much that a person , whose is not yet aware of itself , would be trapped and sentenced for life in misery . 
  ** mind over body . 
  ** then again i would n't trade human newborn for a piglet because there is racial supremacy of humans over every other living being on this planet . 
  then again i think there are animals whose inteligence allows in achieving personhood . 
   preserving something that 's alive flesh . 
  a meatloaf . 
  while you are risking * persons * wellbeing . 
  a piglet has more of self-awareness and personality than a fetus . 
   off chance it can be resurrected in the 24th century what is 3 , 4 or 5 centuries where other option is being bound to eternal darkness ? 
  but i bet you would be happy if someone would freeze every aborted fetus on the off chance it can be artifically incubated in the 24th century by the federation . 
  when removed from the womb a fetus starts to decompose . 
  it is not independent . 
  there is theorethical possibility to restart dead brain with our assistance . 
  we are putting so much work int preserving something that does n't have mind on its own but we are willing to let * people * and their minds to slip into eternal darkness of nonbeing . 
  preserving flesh is worth more than preserving mind it seems . 
   why did the woman let a child into her uterus in the first place ? 
  why did n't she exercise self restraint and/or use more protection ? 
  rape not real . 
   would you kidnap a person , tie him up , leave him in your house and then kill him for not leaving your house ? 
  no , because it would make him afraid and i would make him suffer . 
  human is n't equal to person . 
  if it would be then every dead body would be a person . 
  this is no longer a person , this is dead body . 
  little cluster of cells can not be considered a person but if it can be then cluster of neurons trapped in the dead body should be also considered a person . 
  why we do not freeze every dead brain of every dead person with the hope of saving a person in the future ? 
  a fetus is not a person . 
  genetic makeup does n't make a person . 
  my foot is n't a person . 
  ** is fetus in fetu a person ? 
  you mean my * vessel * ? 
  because by this concept i am human being after i am dead ... but * me * as a person is long gone . 
  if we preserve every two cells because * unique human bullshit * why do n't we freeze every brain of every dead person ? 
  only if pole is finely polished and then covered in glamorous sparkling polish from top to bottom . 
  have you even polished a pole ? 
  you should try it . 
  that says you have made a mistake . 
  my baseless assumptions were there to teach you a lesson , you might have made a mistake but you do n't feel bit sorry about that or at least you did n't show that . 
  so i do n't have to believe you that you made a mistake . 
  on the other hand what you actually did is written up there in the comment chain . 
  so you can now say that you are sorry and that you made a mistake and i can say i needlessly teased you , how about that ? 
   riiiiight ... you , out of the blue , with no factual connection whatsoever , talk about nazis and anschluss and what not , and it 's me that is doing reductio ad hitlerium when i call you out on it . 
  i said `` lach on '' , like a dog that has bitten something . 
  you had to bite my reductio ad hitlerum because i did n't give you any other argument to use . 
  more popular idiom would be `` grasping at straws '' . 
  i know i know , it is complicated . 
   strange , we just love it when you compare us to nazis . 
  it 's always so nice . 
  because you * were * nazi and your post-nazi country was made by ex-nazi and ex-stazi . 
  i 'm sorry i hurt your fewleeeengs but guess what , here in poland we are joking about wwii all the time . 
  my girl says `` hey ziggy !, 
  there is gas bill on the fridge ! '', 
  and i say `` schei\u00dfe ! '', 
  and then we both laught !, 
  meaby if we were n't living in a shitty country that was turned into shit by your grandpap and then turned into red shit by his friends we would care more about your feelings . 
  poles do n't want to feel like a citizens of colony of its past invader . 
  these feelings are a fact . 
  so stop crying out loud how hurt you are and how wrong i am , i at least tried to debate your bullshit , you are screaming `` foul '' at the first occasion . 
  yeah , you know , we have been both spouting non-arguments for a while so you are not one to criticize me . 
  you want sharp insights into things ? 
  poles do n't like to feel they were bought by germany , because we were n't . 
  we also do n't like to be ordered by germany , because nazis . 
  that is sharp insights into things . 
  while you did n't adress the most important fact that * we did not break any eu laws * you had to lach on reductio ad hitlerum . 
  also polexit = smallest things . 
  i think your perception of the world is kinda crooked too . 
  now that 's the point , we have made a deal and we did n't broke it !, 
  that 's the problem !, 
  you ca n't do anything about that because no deal was broken , eu laws are made so that we can do what we do and deal is uphold . 
  or are you talking about these 10k immigrants our prev gov was talking about ? 
  was it an official deal with a signature or political declaration ? 
  because , you know , there are numbers of political declarations broken by maaaany member states . 
  was n't last one from germany , something about coal ? 
  ca n't remember ... we can polexit but we do n't have to and we wo n't . 
  and you just ca n't stand that we wo n't do what you want . 
  well ... you can gerexit  turning eu into visegrad mega group . 
  that would be funny . 
  sounds like headline of some german newspaper . 
  i wonder who would pay for it this time . 
  sorry , anschluss is just not our style . 
  yes , you did not tell it yourself just as i did not tell it myself . 
  making an assumption is not bad in itself . 
  but then you first criticized me for making an assumption . 
  i did not criticize you for making an assumption . 
  this does n't make any of us right , but it does make one of us a hypocrite . 
  i think you do n't know how hypocrisy works . 
  you hold some value dear , criticize others for breaking it but you break it yourself .
