  i think i 'm having a seizzzzure ... how do you like that one ? 
  `` there were two invaders '', 
  why is n't anything about cyprus on that list ? 
  you !, 
  i like you !, 
  like ? 
  i wonder about what you are talking about . 
  we did n't make that decision * and * it was n't bad decision . 
  the ones who shifted our borders made bad decision , after that removal of germans from these lands helped everyone , including germans . 
  after 100 years of occupation and wwi and then wwii you would end with another genocide . 
  do i look like a russian for you ? 
  you do n't know ? 
  investors ( and gov. 
  offices ) will pay hefty sum for new chairs , notepads , keychains , coaching . 
  but visual identification and webpages ? 
  they will go to fiverr . 
  now there is one question that we all have to ask ourselves ... who is worse ? 
  isis or hitler ? 
  it can change the arts of rhetorics for decades to come !, 
  what i have been reading is that , even if most of the trees would die they would build natural floor of the forest and that is how ancient forests worked , they would grow , they would thrive , they would die out and on its carcass it would regrow songer and bigger and more lush , just like wildfire is culling grass fields in a cycle . 
  i have been reading other scientists it seems , saying that there is major risk that this infestation wo n't die out in few years . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/75/map_of_poland_%281945%29.png they * shifted * us and removal of ethnic germans was 1 . 
  russian initiative 2 . 
  was justified so no more minority could be `` saved '' by germany and 3 . 
  to save their own skin . 
  i see you like to play victim . 
  bully got an ice cream while piotrek get locked with abusive uncle . 
  my level of salt is ten times over lethal dose ... for a whale . 
  that woman looks like nothing more than long dead corpse animated by some eldritch powers . 
  `` do as i say , not as i do '' and `` what was that 60 years of communism again ? '', 
  also should go . 
  i believe that as soon as we would close our coal mines , germany would open 10 new ones . 
  ah and who says that ? 
  you shuffle more coal than we do and we are only 27 years in freedom . 
  when you get rid of your coal we will be half way there . 
  cheers . 
  our constitution is broken and was made broken , and left broken on purpose for long time . 
  ghosts of communism still haunting us . 
  it will die anyway . 
  they say that catastrophe destroying whole forests is only natural and recurring event . 
  now , we have a choice : we do something that will work out for us or go full green , let nature destroy most of these trees and wait 150 + years before they regrow . 
  why did n't i study meteorology ? 
  when we do something ourselves whole european club goes down on us . 
  unless there is some silesian german minority to save . 
  we have great plan that will allow every one on this planet to go into space . 
  we will blow earth to smithereens . 
    germany   not much left please , tell us again how bad you had it after the war . 
  please , go on . 
  nah , we would get only nursing schools because anything else would be started in any other country . 
  i think we have the winner !, 
  remember times when you could work , support your wife , build a home and have free time and have a kid ? 
  me neither !, 
  but i 'm not greedy , let me just have 2 of these things on top of having work , thanks !, 
  well , you would . 
  you would start nursing school because eu will send subsidies to start nursing schools , or employment outsourcing agency . 
  west has factories , east can fill other holes :d, 
  yes . 
  i would n't move it if i were you . 
  that sounds surprisingly good . 
  back to the sea off we go , where it all started . 
  we have `` fiszka '' and its name comes from french but it is in use in poland . 
  ah , that one in the text going to daily mail ? 
  i never click these as they are mostly ads . 
  anyways , good for her , it looks like hers was special case and i 'm only speaking for myself . 
  i 'm not criticizing anyone but i think i will let doctor do the doctor things and pathologists do pathologists things . 
  what i would prefer is to blow my brains out but i would feel sorry for someone who would find me and then for someone who would have to scrap me of the walls . 
  have you tried parachuting ? 
  it is better than drugs . 
  i do n't know man . 
  there is something scary in that all , especially in this case . 
  i think if i would hit such lows i would n't go to bunch of wise men to dissect me mentally , i would just go and splatter myself on the nice piece of pavement . 
  something tells me that citizens of liechtenstein , when in need , just hoop the border to do what they need to do . 
  nope . 
  crashing together two bloated law systems , all in secrecy and directed by lobby under banner of `` maximum profit , what was human dignity again ? '' . 
  call me backwardish but any change offered by that brand of thinking is a no-no for me . 
  we are the mexico of europe !, 
  we welcome you with open arms !, 
  you know , it is n't really so . 
  people started voting right because right promises to take cares of the issues that people care about . 
  it is not that as soon as people step from ballot that they shave their heads and tatoo a hakenkreuz on their chest , pick up a b.b.bat and look out for some non-normatives to abuse them . 
   37 poland nothin ' new  38 liechtenstein oh ... 
   from greece til : there is the embodiment of hellenic republic here on reddit , with is own free will and ability to communicate . 
  there is nothing faux in the manliness of my stick . 
  just touch it . 
  wow , people say that i am racist but i yet have to stab someone out of hatred . 
  seriously , pretending these cases are n't anything special is hurting not only us , europeans , but also immigrants , unless tolerating honor killings and other murderous antics are allright or something , i do n't know anymore . 
  have a little bit of faith in people , mkay ? 
  you know that original story ? 
  so you had your fill allready . 
  it is not about fulfilling basic needs , it is about going beyond vegetation . 
  for that money you can send kids for camp or for extra-curricular activities , hire a nanny rather than throw kids outdoor and hang around teppichstange , pulling frogs by legs . 
  like there are no normal people in poland !, 
  i know ten fine families that will use these money well , two being lone mothers , including a widow . 
  i know none of all these pathological families you people are talking about and i have huge family at countryside . 
  there are lot of * dysfunctional * families at ex-pgrs , yes , but they are not pathological . 
  property taxes ... yeah . 
  how many times companies were threatening to fold their business ? 
  to move to china ? 
  to hide their money somewhere else ? 
  they are not willing and they are actively fighting it .
