  west has been burning their own home to make few strangers warm , allright . 
  do what you want . 
  but you need to know that even the most enlighted philosopher needs a backbone to hold him and if he does n't have one , he fells , he folds and he dies and his philosophy with him . 
  we signed to help you eat that cake we did n't order but it turned out to be filled with nails , do n't take us for fools . 
  if anything we will lick the icing and that will be it . 
  try this and you are going to split eu in half . 
  easy : people . 
  we have a fetish for `` freedom fighters '' yeah . . 
  on the same day when britain pledged her support of poland , lord halifax stated : `` we do not think this guarantee will be binding '' anglo-polish military alliance so , whatever . 
  ha , naaaah . 
  leave the international community hahah , good one . 
  more important deals with poland were broken , more unfulfilled promises than this one . 
  there is no leverage to enforce us to take these immigrants and if anyone is trying to do anything , it would create sh * tstorm too big for them to handle beside creating rift in * international community * , as half of it probably applauds us on our decision . 
  so , you can talk the talk but * nobody * can walk this walk . 
  i ' v heard swedish people saying so : ), 
  this is how volkswagen works . 
  when we have to ordersomething as a dealer of one of vw brand in many cases we have to import it from germany or-that-other-country associated with brand they have bought . 
  they spend as little money as possible in cheap country so the biggest slice will come back to home . 
  good one . 
  when we signed up to join eu we opend our borders to our fellow eu members . 
  not milions of mena people . 
  most of these people ca n't even acces karachan . 
  damn , i had boring childhood it seems  _ , 
  i call for czech-polish union . 
  our motto would be : * wip them till you wet them *, 
  i always thought that czech people were cool . 
  now i think you are awsome . 
  all we do on ester is making our women wet : (, 
  do n't say it out loud , or tvn will feature your comment and laught at you in tv . 
  used to , before the wwii , when everyone was living in poverty and poles and jews used to live in parallel , sometimes intermixing societies with different culture and cuisine . 
  http://research.calvin.edu/german-propaganda-archive/story3.htm edit :  the jew moves his hands when he talks . 
  he `` jabbers . '' his voice is often odd . 
  he talks through his nose . 
  jews often have an unpleasant sweetish odor . 
  if you have a good nose , you can smell the jews . ''  the teacher is satisfied . 
  and other cases ... 
  as i said somewhere else , aunt of my girlfriend moved to germany on the account of her grandfather being german ( i have forgotten the word for that ) . 
  as she remembers germans were welcoming them with spit and stones and other occasional assault . 
  being heard speaking in polish was the shortest way to get some whooping . 
  you know , poor people eat cheap food and onion is quite cheap and then you smell like onion . 
  so you are poor , you smell and probably your mindset is backwater-ish . 
  yes , our progressive part of society loves their classism . 
  just like people used to say that jews smell : ) ( jews used to say that poles smell too , one were eating cabbages the other ones onions but that 's different story ) . 
  no , he did not . 
  but many , many ( oh god how many ) poles love to deluge themselfes in such rhetoric toward their fellow nationales . 
  and it is n't that they aim it toward specific person they might be arguing with at the moment . 
  no , this is often used as broad generalisation , every * other * pole than them is a trash , a human trash ( just as korwin used to say kek ) . 
  i 'm not exaggerating . 
  `` fucking trash onion-poles poverty ridden idiots '' . 
  self awarness , yeah . . 
  germans, 
  aunt of my girlfriend were one of them . 
  she foundly recalls how you were welcoming them with spit and stones . 
  you did n't know ? 
  nobody can hate a pole like the next pole . 
  seriously , self-hatred toward your fellow nationals is some kind of substitute of racism and prejudice for some people here . 
  like , you know , you just * have to * hate someone but you ca n't be called a racist . 
  what do you do ? 
  go and hate people who are just like you !, 
  there is no malice in traffic accidents . 
  it is like saying you should n't be afraid of being murdered by some serial killer because , well , cars . 
  anarchists are impotent in thought and act . 
  our hooligans are more effective . 
  all they need is something to drink and too much free time . 
  roma communities are having hard time integrating anywhere . 
  i once was composing a gazette for roma community and talking with a guy responsible for it . 
  they really are in limbo and they are not making it easy to help them . 
  he told me , a sad thing , that when you do manage to help someone get out from poverty it is many times an equivalent of them leaving their community for good and forgetting about past . 
  bo god and his son jesus christ , you forgo to add . 
  oh god , everytime i hear that i throw up little bit in my mouth ... 
  uh , i am nationalistic but not supremacist , a nation is a treasure you should cherish , it is like a part of yourself that you can find in total stranger beside just blood , flesh and bones . 
  i do n't see these people as inferior because of their genes/blood . 
  their way of living is inferior because , and that is true , their culture encourages conquer , strict punishment and domination over women , over infidels and over anyone who does n't follow strict guidelines and that is irreconcilable difference between our cultures . 
  that is why i was okay with previous immigration managment , i would welcome many immigrants from mena that would , from his or her own will , work hard to be part of our country and society and * embrace * it , go throught paperwork , go throught the system , show will to do it . 
  and because of that , being ready to let go some parts of your culture was also important . 
  letting people build a ghettos and shanty towns helps noone . 
  and first you need to take care of your society and then you can play philanthropy . 
  healthly society is a backbone of everything that a nation do and , not surprisingly , similar nations build better societies . 
  hell , germans , french , british !, 
  come to poland and live with us , i welcome you !, 
  ( but the fact that we are poor and you do n't want to is another thing ) . 
  koreans , chinese , japaneese , there will be some adjusting to do but give it a shot !, 
  there are even lots of turks that would fit well here and many black people from america . 
  mexicans too , why not ? 
  but there are rules in the way you can apply and they are there for a reason . 
  and there are reasons why we might not let you in and you must undestand that too . 
  i 'm talking to everyone but as slovenian , you have our doors open 24/7 and there is a good reason for that . 
  well , i like it . 
  and everyone is catholic ? 
  haha , just like me !, 
  * only * on paper . 
  that is not true . 
  yes , people an nations can connect and mix but at the same time they can fell apart . 
  there are differences and interests between groups that can grow and grow . 
  it is called * industrial * . 
  maybe i was n't clear . 
  it is not about fight , it is about society . 
  society of peace and safety has fallen . 
  war ? 
  war is easy , having peace is hard .
