  so if i start a church with a * saint adolf * on the top of it is it a fair game ? 
  saint stalin ? 
  it is practical . 
  look at ukrainians . 
  they forgotten their own language and from the bush russia has come and claimed them minorities : ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cornish_language_revival it is like witch chairs . 
  you have brand new one from ikea and old , sturdy vintage from grandma . 
  it is n't about diversity or loss , it is history and roots . 
  you know ... many people are now working hard to turn others work into free work , chewing out people like a bubble gum . 
   a lot of employers are hesitant to employ you if you have n't worked in 6 + months and people are hesitant to work for someone who does n't pay . 
  in poland we have 3 month test period just for such people , they work minimal wage for 3 months and they prove themselves . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i know few companies who abuse free work , one for example every month hires someone for `` volunteer work '' with strong promise of permanent employment , where on their job offer there is now word about `` volunteering '' . 
  every single month new person , for free , because `` it is only picking phones '' . 
  month of work in cv is n't even worth much . 
  some companies would sell your kidney only if it would be legal . 
  [ and groups who are looking like this are flesh-driven immature hippies looking for sex and not interested in jobs and future ] ( http://www.bz-berlin.de/media/a-participant-of-the-techno-parade-zug-der-liebe-train-of-love-dances-in-a-street-in-berlin ) ... not . 
  wan na play bias game ? 
  the boundle of sticks . 
  http://unofficialnetworks.com/2016/07/5000-year-old-norwegian-ski-carving-vandalized damage is ... awkward . 
  deport her to germany !, 
  but but ... we have ** the pyramid !, 
  i think that our laws are lacking in this regard . 
  even if isis would swallow whole me and africa we * still * could n't be at war with it , because it would n't be sovereign state and without that your options are limited . 
  then again , calling is sovereign state would legitimate their reign . 
  i propose to form something like concept of ** war state ** , a states created by war , for war , with gross expansion in mind and whose structure of govern is outside of international community . 
  i 'm sure lawmakers would figure out the details . 
  as for deportation , international waters are good option . 
   you are coming from a land of prostitutes and drugs . 
  should i assume every polish person i meet is a prostitute or a slut or a drug dealer ? 
  depends . 
  is prostitution big problem for you ? 
  is drug dealing ? 
  you * do * , or at least your country , assume that we might be drug dealers , that 's why we are searched and controlled at the borders . 
  if prostitution would be lethal danger for you i would n't judge you for trying to avoid contact with poles . 
  if it would hurt you , and your people , unbearably on emotional level again , it is your country . 
  you set rules in your country . 
   that is saying that you are a superior race that is better at all of these things . 
  you are mixing things . 
  saying that someone would n't fit somewhere is ' t racism . 
  calling people animals basing on their race is ( again , islam and culture is n't race ) . 
  saying someone would n't fit here is n't superiority . 
  i would n't fit in middle east too . 
   btw not alot of egyptians commit terrorism that 's why i said land . 
  you see , we do n't see , at the first glimpse , difference between egyptians , syrians , iraqui and , to bad , people form isis tend to look like you * and * pretend to be you . 
  that 's why background check is important and that 's , for good and for bad , when you show me someone from japan and someone from iraq i will bet my money that japanese guy * is n't * from isis . 
  during wwii i would n't trust japanese guy . 
   also one of my closest friends is polish and was a drug dealer in poland . 
  i ai n't talking about weed but crazy illegal drugs like heroin , cocaine and so on . 
  when she told me that i was shocked but still got to know her and she opened to me about all the horrible things she saw and i did not reject her being my friend just because she grew up in a different culture or made some bad choices . 
  well , you are definitely a good person but i would n't let you in charge of national security . 
  i was open as you until i got burned hard . 
  i edited my comment in this context . 
  we tend to call people stupid , insane , but we at the same time does n't find them mentally ill . people are trying to find logical answer for things uninmaginable for them , like a mass shooting . 
  mental illnes seems more logical than a fact that people can be just evil . 
  also , about other post , there is that silly stigma that mental illnes = stupid . 
  depression or anorexia are first 2 examples against this . 
  `` mieszkanie dla m\u0142odych '' is polish homebuyer assistance program for young . 
  google translate wiki article for brief outline . 
  i do n't know what are standards these days . 
  but no , it was mostly rethoric question . 
  you know , these terrorists look younger than your common `` underaged '' immigrant . 
  or better starting point at as-sir\u0101t . 
  are nazis and right wing extremists mentally ill ? 
  you ca n't say that someone who wants genocide based on skin colour to be sane . 
  edit : i was n't clear here . 
  in common language you would n't call genocidal reich a sane system but you also would n't diagnose them with mental illnes . 
  just as you say that people are doing stupid things , insane things , it does n't necessarily make them insane . 
  it 's just that disproportion . 
  i do n't like pis to much too but if someone wo n't remind people thing or two we will end with situation where pis will be a scarecrow ( as it used to be ) everyone will run back to po ( or nowoczesna , the liferaft of po ) and kod will be called heroes . 
  and nothing will change . 
  so no argument here , you are right . 
  i never heard crowd crying about `` rozdawnictwo '' and `` karmienie patologii '' when po was making their pro-social policies . 
  it is n't * exac * same case and i 'm not only talking about cc but about many of their politics like pro-social ones . 
  difference is that po was doing everything in white gloves . 
   unambitious ( outside sustaining her personal position ) you can tell many things but that woman is on the very top of one of most influental nations . 
  i think staying on top is enought in the sphere of ambitions . 
  hmmm ... hmm ... you know what ? 
  in theory these colours are right if we look at the grain . 
  gules in hatching uses vertical lines . 
  also this wood has little touch of red . 
  i wonder if it was on purpose . 
  i know but it does n't resembles any that i remember . 
  it might be just me but i find it in bad taste to redesign it on the whim * while * placing it in the official and representative spot ( high up on the wall in political party building ( ? ) ) . 
  not on the same level as us-flag bikini but still . 
  nonetheless it is pretty piece and maybe even better than oryginal ( less fluffy ) but that 's not the point . 
  there are in horrible , racist and nazi poland . 
  i think i have to read whole interview when i get home . 
  also , [ whose coat of arms is that ? 
  ] ( http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/5798f46f88e4a77c708bac4e-850/previewscreensnapz010.png ) is it polish ? 
  it is historical ? 
  or is it frivolous artistic representation ? 
   not-smart statement ahh . 
  i love this newspeak . 
  and you are right , when pis does something international opinion is sharping its pichforks but when happy-face po was doing the same there was noone to jump and scream and hit the drum . 
  [ eh , you want study and or source ? 
  i have one ] ( http://alkoholowepogotowie.pl/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/233.jpg ), 
  this would create another law where only `` choosen '' are punished . 
  they do n't need to enforce it on everyone , only on people they do n't like . 
  are virgins in heaven considered resources ?
