  i ca n't remember . 
  i also believe that pis politicians in important offices should be shamed for stupid thing they are saying . 
  it would be if it was n't ** luxembourg 's goddamn foreign minister . 
  ** stupid things said by powerful people are dangerous . 
  that should stay on the front page . 
  ahhh yes , the `` who did it '' question with responsibility spread so thin that you can barely see it . 
  but i also believe that the one who is giving orders should be also punished , as lower worker might not know all the laws or the deals signed by company ( some of them being secret ) . 
  because the first argument was dumb . 
  without cosmological miracle you ca n't kick out a memberstate , there is nothing more to discuss beside venting anger over that retarded statement . 
  after fulfilling long list of requirements between countries , sharing citizens data and other such stuff . 
  it is not a hypocrisy , we made a deal betweeen our countries to allow our citizens border crossing without problems . 
  would also say it is unfair that you ca n't do something that is illegal in your country , but legal in other ? 
   mind you , unaccompanied children will be given asylum with no questions asked , as set out in hungarian law . 
  and that 's why we have hundreds full bearded , 1,90 m , 14yo boys in europe now . 
   hungary is not far away from the firing order against refugees . 
  well , i 'm sure * i * would get shot by breaching few borders of western world the way that current mena immigrants are doing so , including assulting border patrol and police . 
  ** and noone would be surprised , noone would be sorry . 
  i have never seen a corporation to go to a prison for its crimes . 
  i would say that then people would sharpen their pitchforks ... but they 've taken away all our pitchforks already ... 
  brainwashing is wearing off . 
  you should ~ ~ cerebrum ~ ~ celebrate . 
  nah , remove every crucial data , set a fake name . 
  interesting thing : if someone reports that you have fake name ( even if it is true name ) facebook blocks your acc and requires scan of both sides of your id . 
  * i know a guy * who is good with photoshop and now his last name on facebook is rather tasty cuisine . 
  but they can eat ** shit ** . 
  you can just clog your chimney and throw some tires into fire . 
  should be cozzy enought . 
  it is rather hard to damage all that plastic . 
   separatist leaders i 'm a separatist leaders that says my flat should join the * state of me * , or any other state that pays more . 
  bigger corporations can also joint the auction . 
  oh my god , she looks like a normal human being that could be my aunt , sans power over whole country . 
  for outsider observer she looks pretty cool . 
  yeah yeah hero . 
  hope you wo n't burn some cats with hitler-like spots or batter some granny for waving a flag , you never know when some antifa thug considers you too-much-nazi , i hope you are one of these reasonable antifa fellow , you know , the ones that will only spit on me for not being a globalist . 
  also , nazis are gone so you have to mean neo-nazis . 
   alerta_antifa yeah , i ca n't take you seriously . 
  * `` no bad methods , only bad targets '' * eh ? 
  even if someone would be neo-nazi , you ca n't take away his/her basic rights just because you claimed someone is neonazi/racist/right wing or whatever is your triggerword for dehumanize . 
  by trying to do so you only validate their fight . 
  but why do i strain myself here , you are a hero , you fight baddies , you ca n't be wrong . 
  kill the ~ ~ infidels ~ ~ nazis . 
  today almost everything is private company . 
  with great power comes great responsibility yadda yadda . 
  anyway , they can do what they want , we can criticize them as we want . 
  your prime minister sounds cool af . 
  thumbs up , would immigrate . 
  i 'm telling you , it 's a conspiracy !, 
  edit : also , if you are men then that might be a dissociative identity disorder . 
  and now i 'm sad . 
  now i do n't know if i should be sorry . 
  ah yeah , i was speaking globally . 
  50 years ago here we had damn communism but it was imposed doctrine with no right to question it so it was more in context of free states . 
  because poles do n't want to live that way either . 
  they go to uk , they live in shitty enviroment for 3 , 6 , 9 months and they move back to poland with shitload of cash taking into account exchange rate . 
  and then for every pole that went back to home in poland you have fresh bach to take their place . 
  on the other and if a brit would be competitive * and * stay in the isles he would be required to live all his life in shitty enviroment . 
  i hope you will find it helpful . 
  what second map ? 
  * scrolls down * aaaaawwww shiit ... 
  errrr , like ? 
  because it got taintet by history . 
  between patriotism , that is seen as waving a flag druring a holiday from time to time , and nationalism , that is `` what nazi did '' there is big gaping hole that is hard to fill . 
  not with that attitude . 
  they do n't have to be . 
  all they have to do is point a finger , say how some law and/or tax `` discourages them '' from making business in given location and politicians turn into dancing bears for them . 
  it is , everyone at power now is mostly a centrist by historical standards , and conservatives today were progressives yesterday . 
  with all that rape that was going around during war noone can be sure . 
  i was looking throught ukrainian couisine as what i could demand from you but most of it is already in my fridge ( well , when it is not empty ) . 
  so get your stuff and get over here . 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  subtle is my style . 
  woops , i generalised my style , damn . 
  i 'm still wondering what is that special status for poland . 
  nice nitpick , so let 's go this way : everyone is truelly free to do so , there is no rule against it here . 
  me saying that everyone is free to do so does n't mean that everyone is doing so . 
  this describes attitude of enviroment rather than people thus it is not really a generalisation . 
  how about that ? 
  i think people disagree with you . 
  mine are ... ouch . 
  unless it is old people in brexit case ... or conservative , then everyone is free to generalise , that 's what i learned here . 
  i was talking in context of immigrants . 
  from all these photos you * had * to choose the boring one ? 
  [ here , this one is majestic af ] ( https://www.artsjournal.com/aestheticgrounds/wp/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/hwllpqm.jpg ) . 
  seriously , here on reddit we have been reminded * to not judge whole society just on individual incidents * but it is in case of other groups of people ( ? 
  ) , it seems we poles are too white to enjoy our historical heritage . 
  naaaah ... you are fine . 
  but on the other hand i know that i am a bad person so my opinion might not be valid . 
  hah , i 'm living in central poland , i can remotely working for companies in polish silicon valley ( tm ) while enjoying good food and cheap home !, 
  i have it all planned !, 
  a woman is not a race . 
  or ethnic group ... 
  heh , not really , they went over our border and violated our laws so your drawn parallel kinda derailed here . 
  also i like how you ignored other points i made , harder ones to ridicule . 
   something something poland good , everyone else bad . 
  nah , we like hungarians , ukrainians ( but we have our issues ) , british are cool too even that lately we do n't get along so much as we would wish . 
  asians are coolm koreans are awsome , chinese people are kinda strange . 
  as of islam sufism seems kinda nice . 
   let 's see how long that lasts once your government has the constitutional court fully under control . 
  lately our government published almost every ruling of our constitutional court that piled up from the time of great drama : )  how is that relevant to the difference of immigrant and refugee ? 
  because we are willing to take refugees , not immigrants .
