  how does it even work ? 
  well , if you have 10 kids and let one get mangled by a car for sure these 9 will learn . 
  but we want to keep all of them alive . 
  in poland during last election it was more like more feeling of helplessness . 
  youn people , during last election were like `` whoever we vote into place the same old faces and corrupted assholes will end with power '' . 
  resignation . 
  i doubt it was pendrive-acces-key managed . 
  i can beat it was `` write down 6 letters and extra character '' password . 
  bruteforce it for a week on 10 computers , if you have it on your own machine it would go . 
  password probably is n't anything better than `` adminpassword '' anyway . 
  not ethnic-centric . 
  ethnicity is only part of culture , in ones quite important one in others not so much . 
  a nation and a country is something more than lines on sand . 
  people tried to draw such arbitrary lines in africa and that ended , without exaggeration , in murder-rape . 
  i 'm also not for ethnic purity , there are a lot of ethnicities , with their own cultures and identities , whose origins are mixes between other groups but these were ( mostly ) voluntary . 
  people like to be around same people , do n't fight against human nature , work with it . 
  happy people are much more open for new things , new people including , when you try to force-feed them multiculturalism they will run intio opposite direction . 
  look at germany and england , how it turns slowly from welcoming country into more and more closed one . 
  it had , it can have again . 
  it is silly to throw whole concept out of the window because you are afraid . 
  nationalism will be in this or another form , why not direct it into something good rather than left it to mutate and deform on itself into monster of supremacy ? 
  this is strong bonding agent just like ethnicity is and the fact that * you * do n't want to call something this and that does n't mean it is n't this and that . 
  also , you would n't dare to strip identy-from-ethnicity from polynesian people , would you ? 
  why only europeans has to be a blank slate in that regard ? 
  watch us go down with trump , or get sold out with hillary . 
  great . 
   nationalism is a shared group feeling in the significance of a geographical and sometimes demographic region seeking independence for its culture or ethnicity that holds that group together . 
  this can be expressed as a belief or political ideology that involves an individual identifying with or becoming attached to one 's nation . 
  nationalism involves national identity , by contrast with the related concept of patriotism , which involves the social conditioning and personal behaviors that support a state 's decisions and actions . 
  that 's what wiki says . 
  it is not superiority , it is care for people who are , by quirk of fate , similar to you . 
  well , you can turn nationalism into supremacy , but you can turn socialism into communism too . 
   a `` nation '' is a worthless , amorphous concept without any use except politics of hate . 
  ha-ha-ha . 
  go away . 
  lol , so leaving eu is n't hard because multitude of reasons , no , eu will make it hard on purpose to scare everyone . 
  first it was `` it is not good for you , do n't do it '' and now it is like `` now do it quickly because we are itching to beat you into submission '' . 
  you have some sources outside book-based-on-photo by gross ? 
  please , enlighten me . 
  i 'm open for change . 
  polish gov was actively hunting szmalcowniks for selling out jews ( and other polish citizens ) by its decree of 31 august 1944 . 
  anyway , if you are so sure about that iceberg , prove it . 
  weimar triangle looks like a good marriage and a third * wheel-that-ugly-sister * poland . 
  meeeeh , visegr\u00e1d group sounds much better . 
  i want it , i need it sooooo baaad . 
  doctor orders . 
  he 's playing * overly attached ex * . 
  but i love you ... gib grain and army ? 
  aaahh , jedwabne , yes . 
  great stain on the polish history i wo n't deny that , but it seems we still are lacking 5999660 victims to make these two cases similar enought to confuse them . 
   burn them down like you did with jews ? 
  u/o5kar is german ? 
  home of ents on the glades ? ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / jk, 
  no no , it makes sense . 
  you see , the polish part is archaic with bad text formatting ( yes yes , word sux ) . 
  the english part is wrong , it should read like that :  coming back to polish home  ~ scums they just did n't know how to put down their signature : (, 
  i do n't know . 
  as far as i remember you still were required to carry some kind of id while traveling across europe , so i think brits could stick to the passports . 
  and they ( mike hook ) say that date , 23-06-2016 , was conveniently choosed during briexit fuss . 
  it was the same with pis going into gov. , that * `` majority did n't want it , but they did n't vote bla bla bla '' *, 
  not deep enought . 
  that 's ageism , but everyone forgets their beloved social-awarness when they see it fit, 
  that 's harsh . 
  is that ageism ? 
  this is ageism . 
  your populations is made up out of young , old and in the middle . 
  you ca n't dismiss opinions of half of your population because `` oh they will die soon anyway ! '', 
  maaaan , you ca n't even imagine how much money this man has . 
  he can buy small country for his own , hell , i 'm sure he could be paying monthly salary to a small city of his own mistresses only out of interest his money is making . 
  divide that by how much money a common person can make and you have number of lifes he is holding in his hands . 
   of course these poles living in the uk wo n't be kicked out . 
  it was a hypothetical . 
  but its sad that you are so quick to accept it , if the majority somehow happened to vote 52 % `` kick the smelly poles out '' that would be the best example of mob rule to date . 
  and you would be happy with that since you are ( i presume ) a right winger , you are happy with any decision as long as your side wins , even if your own people get fucked . 
  i 'm not happy but i 'm not surprised . 
  i say it is fault of elites not listening to people , you say it is fault of right wing . 
  to be honest today there is no left-right , there is globalist leftism , nationalist leftism and big business . 
  and you , as any globalist , will blame right wing for the fact that people are happy . 
  you are scooping the cream of globalism , you are detached from common people and you are wrong on many cases , including what i think . 
  objective reality happend , everyone were so sure it wo n't happen but it did . 
  elites were detached from its people and now people like you will jump throught the loops to justify them . 
  you are detached too , you look at tables and lists and gdp but you do n't see people doing two shifts , gray area and outsorcing work market . 
  good day to you sir , i 'm done here , enjoy your profits till they last . 
  to be honest everyone could do that , throw enought money at a woman and sooner or later you will find one that will show you boobs . 
  hell , throw * enought * money at a * man * and he will * grow * boobs . 
  it is not about man or woman , there are just people who will do that . 
  from greed , from need , they will . 
  the one who makes the demand is a trash . 
  globalists are trying to sell us globalism and multiculturalism as means for greater future . 
  it might be , i believe it would be so and it must be so in the future , but globalism in * the * from that they want to forcefeed us is nothing more than greasing of wheels that makes them ritch , not to make us happy . 
  our lifes are their kraftstoff , all they want is to make it easier to shuffle us when and where we are needed . 
   a conservative , right wing anti-multiculturalist leader , merkel , is in charge . 
  i ca n't take you seriously . 
  i would say that about pis , but merkel and her gov ? 
  also poland is also safer and it is as white as it can be . 
  you see , poland is great control group , you can see all the changes without multi-culti influence . 
  it is technology that makes us safer . 
  people are n't richer , countries are , majority gets worse and worse deal while businessmen gets better and better . 
  poland , for example , makes substitute for germany in cheap work force , like little china of europe . 
  right wing parties had an idea how to manage immigrants : not being generous , being austere , being resolute .
