  i think that company is having different rights and responsibilities than common person and they are bound by different laws . 
  welp , fiat tipo seems to be great step forward . 
  in terms of new cars i think it blew competition out of the water . 
  not that i can afford new car but in few years i would buy used tipo ( if it turns out to be reliable ) . 
  most important job of the state should be safety , second one should be well-being of its people . 
  how much carbon fuel we burn and how many guns we forge is n't indicator on how healthy our society is . 
  profit does n't mean happines , especially that profits and influence is enjoyed by few where all these drawbacks are felt by everyone . 
  civilizations are growing by redirecting human 's primar traits . 
  we have countries not because we fought and squashed the need for tribe , we build them by using the natural need of tribe , using our intellect . 
  but our mega tribe has limit on how much it can grow . 
  and yet czechoslovakia split just like soviet union fell apart . 
  there are cultures that are similar enought that people can blend and create one nation and it fits well with your examples but even in these examples many regions preserved their diversity . 
  culture can well evolve in its own habitat , no need for artificial injection . 
  culture is a treasure . 
  http://mic.com/articles/86251/study-reveals-it-costs-less-to-give-the-homeless-housing-than-to-leave-them-on-the-street#.tgf3tpsnw now i laught . 
   best example is the us and the uk . 
  heh heh , good one . 
  edit : what , am i wrong ? 
  racial tensions and unrest is a good thing ? 
  i 'm not against some variety but come on ... even frau m. said that multi kulti failed in current form . 
  multicultural society is an ongoing effort and sisyphus work to battle natural human traits . 
  we , citizens , in poland , are paying 500 pln for every second child in a familly as a support , everyone . 
  i do n't have any kids and i 'm very happy that i can support families with children in my country . 
  what in case of denial of paternity from the father ? 
  does he has right to his physical integrity , refusing any testing on his body ? 
  why mother is n't obligated to the child ? 
  yes it is , this is team-play . 
  you ca n't have kid without one or another and so happens that it must be a woman and a man , and in case of abortion and difference in interest , it is almost dictionary example of case * woman vs man * . 
  you use woman ability to give birth like a leverage to get ransom . 
  her body her choice , my body my choice . 
  i can put my leg in meatmincer but i ca n't expect people to pay for aftermath . 
  she can have kid , if she ca n't support it state will take kid away ( in the interest of a kid ) and put it in family that can support it . 
  she has right to medical care during pregnancy and paid leave during pregnancy , that is part that father does n't have , this is n't equal and it is right . 
  when father leaves mother and child she has right to be compensated and supported in upbringing a child ( so she wo n't be left on the ice ) . 
  but in the timeframe when you allow to terminate pregnancy you threat her like independent being while man is bound by her will . 
  no , she has , in that time frame , no right to decide about future of would-be father . 
  she and he makes their own decisions and still , they are not equal . 
  if father wants to keep a child he ca n't force woman stay pregnant but oh , it is still his child . 
  id is really not so attractive option that we would face imminent failure of welfare state . 
  and now you are saying like a woman ca n't choose . 
  we have to support decision of a woman but not of a man ? 
  no , everyone would pay because man decides to not have a kid * and * woman decides to have a kid and * only * in case when woman ca n't support her child alone ( social care issue ) . 
  no it is not . 
  take bunch of mra/rp and they will use this to undermine all emancipation efforts . 
  also conveniently ignoring rest of my post . 
  also using `` le '' . 
  it is dangerous because it can undermine what women were fighting for , pushing them back to kitchen , out from science fields and politics . 
  and yet again , it that case man is n't withholding financial support from something that yet has to appear . 
  it is as retarded as making sperm donor paying for child of lone mother that used his sperm . 
  this is dangerous thinking . 
  we are looking for equality over differences . 
  if you want go that way you can say , yes , mother gives birth , man does n't and this so he is n't responsible for child in any way . 
  man has to struggle with elevated levels of testosterone so he should be pardoned in many cases of violence etc. 
   where applicable you mean , equal rights when it suits us ? 
  this is not equal . 
  you know , there was time when women were fighting with teeth and nail for equal rights ... 
  if you disattach idea of state from nationality , as many multi-culti globalists try to do then yeak , then it does n't . 
  good thing poland is different . 
  rather poland , the party table of nations . 
  well , thinking about that . . if parents produce dead-beat kids ill-prepared to live in society it is kinda their responsibility , i just see how easily it can be abused . 
  first , i said that because you forced me to stop talking about mother , so i did , and even so i do n't mind that . 
  if mother gives birth to a child that she can not support then everyone pays for it . 
  so what now , forced abortion or ban on abortion ? 
  life long ? 
  the fuck ? 
  we here expect people to become independent sooner or later ... 
  no it is called fucking pension and it is in work for many years in many countries , survivor 's benefit being one example , allowance for children being other . 
  if someone want a child let him or her pay to support it . 
  if any of the parents does n't want to be responsible for child that place should be filled by the state . 
  here , no word about mother . 
  oh look and who says that now . 
  `` a man is n't a piggy bank to pay for a whim of a woman . '', 
  this is what i said , and that `` whim '' is in action when kid is a fetus , then you jumped out with child rights , moving the goalpost , am i wrong ? 
  at the time when abortion is allowed child does n't has childs rights . 
  no it does n't have to . 
  when a man says `` no '' a woman can choose `` yes '' or `` no '' . 
  if she ca n't support child alone she should choose `` no '' and if she can then she can choose `` yes '' . 
  a man is n't a piggy bank to pay for a whim of a woman . 
  as long as one pole is alive poland is not dead : ), 
   current state yeah , and russia only exist from 1991 giving us 25 years . 
  i would rather not . 
  did ... did my comment just got removed ? 
  if they ca n't raise their concerns at parlament , they will raise them at beer hall . 
  ehh , it all goes to shit ... 
  welcome to the world where words like syrians/refugees/arabs / immigrants/africans/asians / children/men/women are used interchangeably and molding into one entity . 
  you are not a jolly freedom fighter with tea and scrabbles so no upvote for you !, 
  what they wanted to do : shut the extreme right out of the legislative process . 
  what they did : made few more voters think that far right might be bit more sane than rest of ep . 
  heh , i can see ourselves in these little bees . 
  people need their work ( they need their honey and pollination ) and use any chemicals ( laws , mechanisms ) to maximize the yield but at the same time they gon na choke these bees to death . 
  oh god , i 'm so bitter today and it is goddamn friday !, 
  in poland house robberies are not on rise , also we have strict gun control but not as insane as german ones so most of my advices wo n't work in germany . 
  also , homicide rate in poland is 0.8 ( count : 298 in 2013 ) and german is also 0.8 ( 662 in 2011 ) so what about your drunkies killing each-other ? 
  hehe , well , some of your leaders and enlightened economists were selling these lies for a while . 
  just google `` europe needs immigrants '' : ) for why they are saying so i ca n't say in this subreddit , heh . 
  no in poland not : ) i would say why but i wo n't . 
  but seriously , buy a safe and bolt it to the ground , that should fiic your problem . 
  i would also say buy a gun but . . well . . germany and all that . 
  people will always find a way to stash money . 
  gold , silver , gems , and other shit .
