  we were their puppet state . 
  what was `` ours '' was theirs . 
  fucking red limbo . 
  only after 89 ' we can enjoy * anything * as ours . 
  so quick recap : partitions , germanisation , wwii , genocide , soviet `` friendship '' ... yep , i do n't care at all about that 11 million and do n't mind us we keep cultivating potatoes on these lands . 
  small price for century of forced germanisation i would say , but that about what happend after wwi . 
  and 70 years ago ? 
  these were russian dibs , poland was just a straw that they used to suck up these resources . 
  like what ? 
  kill everyone ? 
  drop a bomb and claim supremacy over middle east ? 
  drop them guns so they can kill each other ? 
  there is too many people hungry for is oil . 
  before it is reached it will be pushed further yet again . 
  just like in poland :d . and like . . anywhere else ? 
  in 4 years they will be granded european citizenship and spread across eu . 
  i beat it is more like they are people on the shore waiting for their turn . 
  it trickles down !, 
  sailing , they are on their way , not yet there . 
  pff , like it does matter . 
  we will just cut them into pieces and sell them back to you as replacement parts . 
  now we only wait for them to put that technology into their automobiles ... ** and steal it !, 
  i like when they all pretend we do n't matter and we do n't take part in all what happens ... ... but then for no reason they try to put pressure on us heh heh . 
  sooo ... money drainage . 
  that is not true : ), 
  yes , those damn jews , turning europe into theocracy ... no , wait , something is wrong ... 
  your post was removed : ), 
  what are you , a nazi ? 
  hahaha , how does it sound ? 
  * `` ok now , adolf , all i need is just to carefully fix the standard of living for my fellow germ < snap  oh for fucks sake !, 
  and now i genocided whole nations ... what a mess ... '' *, 
   maladolescenza wepl ... now i 'm probably on a list for googling that ... 
  by your standard of creepines the moment these laws were made , by mostly old men filling room in the numbers of tens , sometimes over hundred , pondering when it is ok to fuck a kid would be a paradigm of creepiness . 
  but wait , then again the idea that these laws are neceserry because there are people willing to fuck kids is even more creepy !, 
  but wait !, 
  to take into account that there were days when fucking kids as soon as they were mechanically fuck-able was noting out of ordinance was even more creepy !, 
  you know what ? 
  i think that list , in contrast , is n't creepy . 
  your mental hygiene is just on ocd level . 
  it sounds like field trip my class had when i was a snot . 
  the word is morbid btw . 
  * creepy * is derogatory in this case . 
  it 's just a list , it is only creepy if you see it as a manual ffs . 
   and until 2008 even starring in pornographic movies . 
  sure as an extra in the background ... yeah ? 
  it shows you are n't polish . 
  we were genocited so many times that we would turn insane if we could n't laught at it from times to times . 
  also that flair , lol . 
  edit : oh , you are a pole ... how sensitive . 
  i blame soros , lol . 
  yes . 
  anyway :  we need to challenge all forms of privilege and unseen hierarchies , amongst ourselves as well as in wider society , whether based on people 's legal status , language , education , gender , race , class , i have been studying quite intensely but why ? 
  fuck school , gim me welfare . 
  so western europe turns into greatest europe ? 
  i like it . 
  i think the problem is how it is handled - like when rejected refugee throws out his papers and then appears with new ones , with new name and then he is just relocated ad infinitum . 
  someone is making huge mess just to make some money . 
  anyway , refugees are running away from us , it would be * inhuman * to force them to stay in poland . / s, 
  by that description lots of these people would n't qualify as refugees . 
  i think they take their knowledge about poland from wikipedia and morning press . 
  wow , so edgy : ) i think you should go running , you gon na miss your train : ), 
  i was used to it , as i get older something changed . 
  lactose free is allright . 
  when i drink normal milk my bowels want 's to run out through my ass . 
  and i consider it a mild inconvenience while looking at people with severe lactose intolerance . 
  this should be removed . 
  it is local news . 
  / s but seriously , someone should smach pis at the back of their head . 
  why ? 
  bacause they are n't leftist ? 
  you are soo lucky that you were n't banned . 
   in may 2008 , mangum graduated from north carolina central university with a degree in police psychology . 
  i would expect more from such person . 
  just like black men in us tend to get longer sentences , and it 's ok to point out . 
  when did we abolished democracy ? 
  * apocalypse now * could easilly be spinned to show how degenerated america is and how wrong that war was . 
  it is n't retarded , i just corrected you . 
  you said * `` well , maybe that bus would n't take so long '' * and i corrected you that it would , as it is a time it takes for it * without * traffic jams . 
  also it is n't direct connection so i ca n't even get a good snooze . 
  and i still would lose around 2 hours daily . 
  i would read a book but it is kinda hard to do that while standing and it makes me nauseous . 
  no , thank you , i will just keep my car , use extra time to work from home and break legs on anyone that would touch my car . 
  and i hate driving !, 
  lol , no . 
  i 'm living on the other side of the city . 
  in rush hours it takes extra 15 minutes . 
  we do n't have so many traffic jams but for sure we do n't have metro here . 
  my logic is that you should walk to job . 
  mining resources degenerates natural landscape . 
  building bike lines also requires lot of resources . 
  use pavementsm - walk to job . 
  almost an hour in a bus just to drive one side . 
  i hope someone will steal your bike , because why not ? 
  go for a walk , it is even more eco friendly . 
  i , for one , welcome our new nationalist overlords . 
  yes , the same mistakes but different media outcry . 
  i said be surprised , not that he 's right . 
  if you look at his past you know what his problem is - for him the wall never fell down . 
  and tk was allready tinkered with by previous gevernment . 
  seriously , po did almost the same thing that pis did , but then nobody even winced at that .
