it wo n't be here forever . 
  soon different issues will take over . 
  thanks mr merkal, 
  they mayor in norwegian communes does n't have any real power . 
  he/she 's essentially there to be a rallying figure for the council and has no real veto rights over anything . 
  therefore it 's often given to smaller coalition parties as a gesture . 
  still better than industrialized factory farming . 
  at least these animals have seen the sun . 
  you think the average cow has a fair chance of escaping as it 's fed into the meat grinder ? 
  i think these people are n't punished because they 're killing animals but because they 're bold enough to do it out in the open . 
  as long as you hide it behind thick industrial steel walls you 're okay . 
  can we please all agree that you 're no longer a refugee when the country with the 7th highest gdp in the world is n't good enough for you ? 
  like , could n't they just stay in sweden and then go visit their families in norway or finland ? 
  it 's not far , you do n't even need a visa . 
  the bus is like $ 20 . 
  to get a train to finland you have to go all the way around the gulf of bothnia . 
  or through like latvia and st. petersburg and shit . 
  you'er evil , sweden . 
  evil !!, 
   their job of making themselves feel good was accomplished . 
  this is ignorant , you 're forgetting about the other really important job they did making people who did n't want to hold signs feel bad, 
  nah , they 're the loudest like it or not , `` white girl problems '' is essentially synonymous with feminism these days . 
  it 's a joke . 
   just a heads up , euro truck simulator ( scs software ) is czech and farming simulator ( giant software ) is swiss . 
  my entire life has been a lie, 
  because they are in spain . 
  just because english is the lingua franca of our time does n't mean the english should get off easy when living abroad . 
  what if they decide to stay there and have kids ? 
  mate ... do n't even ... there 's no use, 
  you 're right that high income individuals can also be against immigration . 
  that 's no big secret . 
  i 'm not talking about them . 
  my point is that those who are for are generally not those who will have to deal with the negative consequences . 
  if they do they have the means to fairly easily avoid it . 
  in the report you posted ( fig 10 ) it 's stated that people in low income brackets are worried about competition in the labour market while those in high income brackets are not . 
   you realise anti-immigration sentiment is far higher in areas where there 's none at all , right ? 
  generally working class ethnic nationals ( `` chavs '' in britspeak ) are very against immigration because they will be hit the hardest by immigration , will have to face lower wages , and have the fewest resources to deal with it . 
  upper middle class white people love immigration because supporting it makes them look progressive , they generally do n't compete directly with immigrants for work , and when their neighbourhood goes south they can just pack up their bags and move somewhere else , no big deal being pro immigration is extremely bourgeoisie, 
  shit is going down !, 
  the brits have fired off their angry letters !, 
  malaysia , a country that 's about as far from syria as the uk in terms of both culture and geography , takes in even fewer . 
  man ... we have it pretty good do n't we . 
   i obviously do n't know the exact numbers . 
  but generally , the regions were sd are the most popular are small towns , villages or the countryside in general , often with very few immigrants . 
  i do n't know if you 've seen what can happen to lower middle class/poor proletarian small towns when a country gets high immigration . 
  those people are rightfully worried about their way of life . 
  the fact that you just want to ignore sweden 's rural proletariat is classist as hell , though i 'm not surprised because that is typical swedish . 
  on the one hand journalists should n't get arrested but on the other hand , it was a vice reporter ... 
  thank you hitler !, 
   the president then ( benes ) xd, 
  well you 'd be correct if you think i only wanted this in eastern european countries , but i 'm just as sad when buildings are powerwashed in london , new york , or in my own country . 
  i get your point though , but i hope you do n't get too eager to distance yourself from your recent history as you might lose something in the process . 
  if it 's worth anything , i do n't think about communism when i see the first photo , i think about the culture that preceded it , back when budapest was a part of the austrio-hungarian empire . 
  it probably would have looked similar back then . 
  i 'd rather compare it to wine . 
  that slight degradation is something that 's impossible to buy instantly with money . 
  it takes 50-60 years to achieve . 
  it 's literally impossible to replicate , at least you wo n't get the same effect . 
  why is a building supposedly better when it 's brand new ? 
  why is a bright shiny surface better than a gritty textured one with 60-100 years of history ? 
  like it or not , but former glory * is * budapest 's charm , at least in terms of architecture . 
  it 's what sets it apart from places like paris . 
  without those old buildings you 'd have a lot less . 
  if you make it look like a shiny disneyland it 'll look about as distinguished as the cities that were bombed in ww2 only to be rebuilt . 
  i think it 's great that the faroe islands are being open about what consuming meat actually entails . 
  much more brave than hiding it behind industrial steel walls , which is what scotland does . 
  seth rogen, 
  looked better before . 
  part of the charm with budapest is that the buildings actually look old . 
  it 's a shame you 're powerwashing away the thing that makes your city unique . 
  soon it will look like any other dull european city . 
  they found it a bit creepy just how welcoming the swedes were and figured they 'd rather go to the uk where at least they 're treated as equals . 
  lol found the butthurt guy, 
  they do n't conflict with it , they are alternative courses of action that benefit people in other countries while not hurting us in any significant way . 
  i 'm trying to have an actual discussion here , if you 're just going to resort to straw-men and caricatures i 'm not going to reply any more . 
   `` help them where they are '' that 's one of many possible solutions . 
  another is for norway to stop producing weapons and arms . 
  another is to invest in third world countries . 
  another is to apply pressure on foreign governments . 
  another is to spend some of our oil money on new technology and to enter into partnerships with developing nations . 
  there are literally a billion ways to help countries and people which are having a tough time . 
   i think you have a very pesimistic view about it , and even if we cant help it , we should not embrace the differences . 
  it 's not pessimistic , it 's realistic . 
   the whole point is to help people in need , and i cant think of anything better to base politics on . 
  if that is indeed the whole point , there are many ways to go about doing that that maximizes benefits towards those we are helping , while minimizing negative effects on us . 
  it 's just so satisfying to watch sweden tear itself apart . 
  so many people are so butthurt about a party that reflects a perfectly acceptable opinion that 20 % of the country holds . 
  `` ghasp , democracy at work ! '', 
  i do hope you stop before actual civil war breaks out though . 
  all politics are about scoring points with certain demographics, 
  it 's not a big secret that having lots of different people living together in one country causes cultural and racial antagonism . 
  people seem to think that good intentions , integration and campaigns against racism can stop this , but it ca n't . 
  no matter how hard we try , we will always end up with a racialized class system . 
  there is literally not a single multi-ethnic country where this has not happened . 
  people are inherently favourable towards those of their own group and one group will come out on top . 
  hell , in norway people from the north and south can hardly get along , how are we going to manage a 50/50 ethnic norwegian/immigrant population ? 
  you 're naive if you think that 's going to work , especially once norway 's gilded economic age inevitably comes to an end . 
  it 's causing our country a wealth of future problems for short term economic gains ( cheap labour ) and short term emotional gains ( look how good and kind i 'm being ) . 
  i 'm not saying that no immigration should happen , but if anything it should be highly controlled , and highly mixed so as to avoid large separate ethnic groups . 
  it 's possible to be against immigration without being a racist nor a bigot .
