  i 'd love to know as well . 
  there seems to be mutual hate between sweden and denmark , but a one-sided hate from norway towards sweden . 
  australia is unambiguously and always considered developed . 
  they have problematic internet speeds there , though . 
  yeah , i 've seen multiple rankings which show port moresby being among the , if not the , most dangerous cities in the world . 
  when i visited croatia this summer , i saw a surprisingly ( to me , at least ) large amount of cars with austria license plates . 
  then i realized that austrians only have to drive through slovenia to get to croatia . 
  the bacalao looks tasty !, 
  til to enjoy visiting estonia , i would need to go to places with fewer russians . 
  that is cool , especially how they have written it in the native language of the place too . 
  i wonder what his opinion on che guevara was . 
  would bratislava be the capital then ? 
  but ... 
  i thought you guys hate sweden ? 
  i 'll just go with the polish name , as the name danzig reminds me of a rock band most famous for [ this song ] ( https://youtu.be/4gq8lekfuim ) . 
  to me dutch sounds as if a native english speaker is constantly messing up in his attempt to learn german . 
  is this the area that stuttgart is part of ? 
  apparently , there is even a place called napa there . 
  no idea if that is a wine-producing area too . 
  i notice mcdonald 's restaurants are usually significantly better in ambience in quality of food outside of the us . 
  well , it is proof that germans have at least * some * sense of humor . 
  i think the vast majority of countries wish they had a swedish ( or norwegian/danish/finnish ) level of corruption . 
  ah yes , the guy who is in need of a guy . 
  `` get ready for this '' has been used in a lot of sporting events in the us , so that is probably the most famous 2 unlimited song here , although from what i understand , `` no limit '' was a much bigger international hit . 
  [ `` we like to party '' ] ( https://youtu.be/6zbi0xmgtmw ) is arguably the most famous vengaboys song here , as it is used in ads for popular six flags theme parks . 
  [ here is one such older ad ] ( https://youtu.be/lu2yt6wook0 ) . 
  yes , but apparently it 's [ not very popular to call it that ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/25/nobody-calls-it-czechia-czech-republic-new-fails-catch-on ) . 
  not just oil , but a lot of other resources too . 
  does it matter if you can speak any type of german , or is it specifically austrian german that is expected ? 
  when i was spending some time on google translate , the word `` niemcy '' was pronounced in a way that made it sound very chinese . 
  to me , brazilian portuguese sounds rather like french . 
  what country or city are you in ? 
  do you encounter americans of partial irish ancestry who try to flaunt that fact ? 
  i visited prague ( and some other czech cities ) this past summer for a few days , and i saw most of this in a single day . 
  always fun to do people watching in touristy areas . 
  she was the first one that came to my mind as well . 
  just that i forgot her name . 
  by that standard , berlin must be a vegetarian paradise , right ? 
  in the us , indians also own a lot of convenience stores and hotels ( the latter situation gave rise to a term called `` patel motel '' ) . 
  a common complaint i have heard is that hershey 's tastes like vomit . 
  i personally agree with that . 
  his laugh is particularly irritating . 
  apparently , the voice actor tom kenny achieved it by repeated hitting tapping his neck while doing a normal laugh . 
  i guess it helps that your national basketball team has long been one of the world 's best . 
  there is also / r/superbowl . 
  i find it interesting how dubrovnik is basically an exclave from the rest of croatia . 
  would love to know how bosnia got that small coastal area . 
  a danish town with a spanish mission , and surrounded by wineries . 
  i always found that an interesting cross-cultural juxtaposition . 
  what about enya ? 
  still , it is amazing to realize that ireland produced a lot of famous people from a relatively small population . 
  i am also thinking of several composers . 
  if you move beyond athletes and politicians , michael jackson was arguably the most famous american for several years . 
  in the us , we generally use the terms `` asian '' and `` indian '' distinctly , with `` east indian '' also sometimes used . 
  ah yes , the one k-pop song many people heard , and then proceeded to claim that they loved k-pop . 
  no doubt china is investing in lots of green energy , but the pollution there continues to be horrible and has a long way to go to reach acceptable levels . 
  in many cities , clear blue skies are still not a regular occurrence . 
  source : been to china 14 times . 
   one of the greenest nations you definitely have an awesome sense of humor , but it is too early to celebrate april fools . 
  go to china and spend time there , then come back and tell me how you think it is environmentally friendly . 
  i 've been baffled at why they did n't just build tour montparnasse in the la d\u00e9fense . 
  it would n't have been as much of an ugly eyesore there . 
   also , why is iran on that list , but not bloody saudi arabia ? 
  a three-letter word , that 's why . 
  that objectively awful country absolutely deserves a spot on the list otherwise , especially a blacklist on the terror-financing cohorts in the royal family . 
  sadly , not on the mainstream charts . 
  they only made it on the electronic/edm charts , and even then not in the top 10 . 
  saudi arabia might be one of the very few non-western countries that is portrayed * more kindly * in western media than it actually is in real life . 
  i bet if they did n't have oil , they would get the horrible portrayal they richly deserve . 
  sa is objectively a horrible government and society . 
  and yeah , i agree that often times us americans can get * too * patriotic . 
  while being patriotic is commendable when it comes to doing good for your country , it is pathetic when people follow blind patriotism , such as during the initial days of the iraq war , when anyone opposed to the war ( * even if they did so for patriotic reasons * ) was dismissed as `` unpatriotic '' . 
  the dixie chicks lost a huge amount of their fanbase when they made a well-deserved criticism of bush at one of their concerts , and they received ridiculous amounts of backlash , which their song [ `` not ready to make nice '' ] ( https://youtu.be/pojl_35qlsi ) was written in response to . 
  quite a few people have also shown shock at some widely-eaten delicacies such as roast suckling pig , which is popular in places such as ( non-muslim areas of ) indonesia ( where it is called * babi guling * ) and philippines ( where it is called * lechon * ) . 
  another great stromae song : [ `` alors on danse '' ] ( https://youtu.be/vhot4n43jk8 ) . 
  knowing how secession worked for the south ( or more accurately , did not ) , i am not in favor of calexit . 
  assuming it is successful though , i would want relations to be good , with prosperous trade . 
  oregon and washington do n't like californians , so cascadia would most likely just be a union of those two alone . 
  a very nice airport indeed . 
  it is a fantastic model if you want to run an airport inefficiently and throw in rude and incompetent staff . 
  californian here . 
  no matter what happens , people will still think that we have acted in hollywood , and that we surf all the time . 
   chinese is hell with its tones . 
  even among chinese languages , this varies . 
  mandarin has four tones , while cantonese has six . 
  we went to mostar , kravice falls , blagaj , and po\u010ditelj . 
  i probably exaggerated with the number of places , but i initially thought absolutely none would accept euro , so it surprised me when we encountered those that did . 
  not intentionally . 
  it just was n't on our radar when we planned the trip , or when we actually got to the area . 
  however , i will definitely include it whenever i go back to the region . 
  when i went to bosnia last summer , i made sure to get some mark , but i was surprised at the amount of businesses there that accepted the euro . 
  a couple of places were even accepting the kuna . 
  unfortunately , melania will probably now be the primary association people have with slovenia here in the us . 
  the more pictures i look at of slovenia , the more i give myself a face palm for not visiting it when in my last european trip included * three * bordering countries ( austria , hungary , and croatia ) . 
   including other english people . 
  especially the national football team . 
   walking barefoot you may not enjoy new zealand then . 
  it is not uncommon to see people walk barefoot there . 
  whenever , wherever she is . 
   `` a lot of beer '' and `` the really old clock '' .
