  they probably took part in [ this ] ( http://www.pubcrawl.cz/en/ ) . 
  except , based on what people have said about their first-hand experience with gypsies , there is definitely no comparison with blacks in our country . 
  pretty much all of them , as the banner at the top comveniently places the flags in alphabetical order of the respective country 's name . 
  there is a nonstop flight from new york to honolulu that takes over 10 hours . 
  by comparison , japan is about 8-9 hours from hawaii . 
  imagine this : taking a 10 + hour domestic flight , and then connecting to an international flight that is * shorter * . 
  i am not really surprised why your dad might have said it , as hawaii really does feel different than the continental us . 
  * greece : fascinating history and spectacular islands , as well as great food . 
  * iceland : spectacular and otherworldly landscapes . 
  * norway : looks very scenic and adventurous , especially fjords . 
  also among my top choices : poland , slovenia , and portugal , all for their history and scenery . 
  may have been something to do with [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_iv_of_spain#domestic_policy_and_the_crisis_of_the_monarchy ) . 
  i was watching a montage on youtube of european news reports in various languages , including slovenian , which someone in the comments mentioned that it sounds like russian with an italian accent . 
  i am of half chinese descent ( although i look full chinese to most people i meet because my other half is also asian ) , and i do n't personally see it as an insult . 
  i embrace many aspects of chinese culture and history , and there is much to like about it . 
  a lot of people do have a negative image of chinese though , not least in tourist areas around the world as far too many tourists from mainland china are rude , uncouth , obnoxious , and boorish , which is not something many asians would want to be mistakenly associated with , and is also a reason why even many ethnically chinese people from other places such as hong kong , taiwan , singapore , australia , and the us express a strong dislike for those from mainland china . 
  even i have a tendency to walk in the other direction if i see a chinese tour group ( those in tour groups tend to be far worse than individual tourists ) , lest i become guilty by association . 
  it sucks to feel that way , but it can take just one bad tour group who happens to look similar to you for reputations to get ruined . 
  when they find out you 're romanian , do they proceed to mention something about vampires ? 
  slovenia in general seems to look beautiful , regardless of season . 
  there have been a lot of posts about it on / r/travel in recent months , and they have increased my interest in visiting . 
  dubrovnik and split are great cities , but definitely not underrated , as illustrated by the massive crowds of tourists they get in summer . 
  zagreb , on the other hand , i would say is relatively underrated . 
  after hearing that there was n't much to do , we spent only one night there , and left early the next day . 
  it was a shame , as we really enjoyed the city more than we expected . 
  does god like to squat too ? 
  * checks op 's profile * * user for 6 hours , with a single agenda in his comments and posts * . 
  yep , definitely a troll . 
  haha , fixed . 
  although it would definitely describe one of the countries i mentioned ... 
  i have been to sea several times , and in thailand particularly i met nearly as many scandinavian tourists as those from much more populous western countries such as the uk , germany , and australia . 
  this seemed high in proportion to the population of scandinavian countries , so i have always been curious about that . 
   another reason seem to be that there 's so much to see and a genuine disinterest in other peoples cultures . 
  there are definitely people here who show absolutely no interest in other cultures , but given the multicultural nature of many of our major cities , lots of americans are in fact curious and fascinated with other cultures . 
  major reasons for why we do n't travel abroad that often include : * not having much vacation time compared to other western countries . 
  with that reality , many people will tend to look to vacation somewhere they know or is at least nearby , and by that token many well-known international destinations may not even be on their radar . 
  when people do travel internationally , many prefer to stay close by going to canada , mexico , or the caribbean . 
  trips to europe and asia are comparitively less common due to time and money needed to get there , and time is a precious resource when you do n't get much for vacation . 
  * the percent of americans with passports is much smaller than other western countries . 
  previously , americans could go to canada , mexico , and the caribbean without one , but not anymore . 
  * the us is almost continental in size , and provides a diverse range of landscapes and attractions to visit . 
  while this does not excuse refusal to visit other countries , it is an understandable factor in making some people think `` this country has it all !, 
  why should i need to travel abroad to see the same things ? '', 
  * a downside to the country 's large size is that flying abroad is not as easy if you do n't live in or near major cities with international airports . 
  this can then involve traveling great distances at great cost to get to just the airport that will allow them to fly abroad , to the point where one may say `` screw this . '', 
  i 've been to the uk , but never to blackpool . 
  i do n't think i have heard anyone say anything good about it , and i have encountered comments on reddit calling it the worst hellhole on earth . 
  i still remember a comment on an askreddit thread which asked about places you never want to go back to , and one reply said `` blackpool . 
  unless i want to commit suicide . '', 
  what is wrong about the place if so many people seem to hate it ? 
  i googled pictures , and it does n't seem as horrible , to be honest . 
  on the other hand , not every country with a high gdp per capita is well-off . 
  for example , equatorial guinea has a gdp per capita of over $ 23,000 ( purchasing power parity ) , but it has poor education and health indicators , much like many other sub-saharan african countries . 
   unless someone in our family made way with one of the indigenous peoples , our roots are european . 
  i 'm of asian descent , and my family has zero confirmed european ancestry . 
  asians make up over 5 % of the us population . 
   do you have orange soda ? 
  i assume they are fans of * kenan and kel * ? 
  haha , i have heard of people making fun of the scouse and geordie accents , but does northumberland have its own accent too ? 
   coz who goes to wales ? 
  people who want to get really up close and personal with sheep , perhaps ? 
  looking at your flair , i am surprised you did n't mention greek at all . 
  do you speak that too ? 
  so kind of like how sean is form of john ? 
   french salad ( francuska salata ) - it 's actually macedonian this sounds similar to / u/bougnette 's description of mac\u00e9doine . 
  `` german chocolate cake '' was [ invented in the us by a man named samuel german ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_chocolate_cake ) . 
  filled with tourists ? 
  more like packed with them . 
  when i visited venice last summer , there seemed to be tourist to local ratio of 10,000 to 1 . 
  i have rarely seen such an enormous density of tourists in one place at the same time , and i have been to china several times , where tourist attractions often become a claustrophobic experience . 
  i realize i may sound hypocritical as i * too * was a tourist , but the tourism has really ruined any charm or authenticity the city may have had . 
  plus , as you say , things were expensive and the food was subpar . 
  also , the heat adds to another problem : the foul smell of the canals . 
  all this being said , i found the city much more enjoyable and beautiful at night when the weather was pleasant and minus the stifling crowds . 
  also , murano , burano , and even lido to an extent were pretty nice , in my opinion . 
  the * mona lisa * . 
  [ this level of crowds ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gct4elm39mc2d5r26rnuy_xjvmso4qjidklvugwz86nt2kx9gvzjfq ) is what you 'll be facing more often than not , and it is futile to try and get close . 
  [ this painting ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e0/paolo_veronese_008.jpg/450px-paolo_veronese_008.jpg ) is opposite the * mona lisa * , and is much bigger and frankly more impressive . 
  the rest of the louvre is massive and has lots of amazing works of art . 
  was this debtate held in an area that supported the `` leave '' side ? 
  can confirm . 
  i visited croatia for the first time this summer , and it is a beautiful country . 
  but it was even more touristy than i expected . 
  dubrovnik had cruise ship crowds during the day approaching levels seen in venice , making it feel rather like disneyland , but it felt much nicer in the evening as crowds began to disperse . 
  i was in split during the ultra europe festival ( although i did n't attend it ) , so the crowds there were the worst . 
  i will definitely revisit croatia , but not in summer next time . 
  i believe this is the first time i 've seen the word `` hedgerow '' outside of led zeppelin 's `` stairway to heaven '' . 
  that 's a lot nicer than many soviet-style blocks i have seen in pictures or in person in other countries . 
  that is one thing i dislike about building policies in communist countries . 
  tear down historical locations to replace them with ugly eyesores of buildings . 
  this has been happening on a large scale in china too . 
  i understand that the uk has a pm , and germany has a chancellor . 
  i assumed head of state and head of government when i saw this question , or rather who attends international summits of world leaders . 
  here are ones i can name : * uk : theresa may * france : francois hollande * germany : angela merkel * croatia : kolinda grabar-kitarovi\u0107 * ukraine : petro poroshenko * russia : vladimir putin, 
  i thought this is possible in many other countries , with carrefour having a global presence . 
  i visited your country this summer , and it was even more beautiful than i expected !, 
  let me take a guess at 4 of them : the main national one , one representing flanders , one representing wallonia , and the eu parliament . 
  from what i 've heard , the real captain von trapp was also a naval officer . 
  as a californian , i am happy that you love in-n-out !, 
  jon stewart was always way more honest than politicians , so you really got better perspective than most people .
