not for long . 
  global warming will melt it ... and siberia will no longer be an unusable no-man 's land . 
  especially your women 's hockey team . 
  synthetically produced , and usually with higher sugar content . 
  too much sugar in tea is a no-no for me , with few exceptions . 
  a small amount of natural honey is fine by me . 
  being of asian descent , i have the same question as hungary , especially when it comes to * hot * tea . 
  he did n't ask you anything about vampires ? 
  in addition , making the video games full of escort missions . 
  although he does seem to be adamantly happy to consider estonia as nordic . 
  that looks quite a bit like apartheid south africa 's flag . 
  i wonder if this flag was in fact the basis for it . 
  another turkish city i have heard about is, 
  pros : spectacularly beautiful nature and landscapes , excellent public transportation , exceptional punctuality and reliability , amazing chocolate , nice cities , and super clean and well-maintained by and large . 
  cons : ridiculously expensive , people can by quite reserved and perhaps a bit standoffish , and allows storage of black money from corrupt foreign government officials . 
  a few places in australia also have dutch names , from what i 've seen , such as arnhem land and rottnest island . 
  when i was in croatia last year , i was initially surprised to see a lot of cars with austrian license plates . 
  but then i realized that it really does n't take much time to drive from austria to croatia . 
  in the us , what places would you say are the most popular among dutch tourists ? 
  i remember reading an older reddit comment that one can tell when they have crossed the border into belgium just by differences in road conditions . 
  is the catalonian separatist sentiment now stronger than the basque one ? 
  on / r/travel , slovenia is already becoming the next iceland , with not a week ( sometimes even a day ) going by without seeing a picture of lake bled , as well as lake bohinj , vintgar gorge , postonja caves , and piran , among other places . 
  what about confusing it with slovakia ? 
   slovenia is a part of the balkans that 's interesting , because in my mind any country that was part of yugoslavia is part of the balkans . 
  perhaps balkans refers to a smaller area ? 
  so , is it okay to walk in the bike lanes ? 
  was this also the basis for the names of royal houses , such as house of windsor , house of york , and house of lancaster ? 
  people often have this same misconception about my home state of california , especially for san francisco . 
  they visit the city with shorts , t-shirts , and open-toed shoes , thinking that since it is in california , it must always be warm and sunny . 
  little do they realize that sf is usually pretty cold , and often foggy , so when they arrive they frantically shop for sweatshirts and closed shoes to avoid hypothermia . 
  i can go for fish and chips anytime , so there is at least one dish which is n't bad . 
  [ this just about sums it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ptr7f6d.jpg ) . 
  when i first heard of the country , i pronounced it as `` croht-ee-ah '' . 
  also , czech is a slavic language , and i guess anything slavic is automatically labeled as `` eastern european '' . 
  i thought the brits primarily own ibiza . 
  especially ibiza . 
  for brits , that place is like cancun is to americans and bali is to australians . 
  looks like a lot more americans visit the netherlands than i previously thought . 
  i also noticed german being rather widely spoken in bosnia . 
  `` lit '' is another word which has become its own worst enemy . 
  especially in japan , in my experience . 
  not all fast food outlets of a chain are created equal . 
  which is funny , because foster 's is not even [ one of the top 10 most popular beers in australia ] ( https://insidefmcg.com.au/2016/06/16/beer-trends-among-aussies/ ) . 
  what would you say is the must-have brand for rakija ? 
  i would love to see the reactions if instead they both offered their chocolate in return for recognition of neutrality . 
  if the reactions were different , that would vindicate who can claim to have better chocolate . 
  they may have also previously been disappointed to find no sept baelor there . 
  i saw a comment on another site describing it as `` russian with an italian accent '' . 
   the actual foreigners i believe cause a problem are the tourists , who have no damn idea of how annoying they are ... evidently the biggest offense tourists do is walking in the bike lanes ? 
  for that , i am happy i never did that myself when i was in amsterdam . 
  i originally heard this as `` if i was green i would die '' . 
  seriously , what 's the deal with brandenburg airport being delayed so much ? 
  i was surprised by how unimpressed i was with tegel , finding it way overcrowded and inefficient . 
  i am moving to berlin next month , and will be living there for a year . 
  i love the city , but am not looking forward to using tegel . 
  the way the new airport has been delayed , as well as the current one being inefficient , just seems very un-german to me . 
  agreed . 
  while * braveheart * was outstanding , it depicts only a small part of this history . 
  it would be interesting to see later wars get portrayed . 
  does she link them to autism ? 
  nice !, 
  is that part of triglav national park ? 
   latvia/lithuania it would be even more devious if these two showed up consecutively on a quiz where the country names are in polish . 
  traveling in europe multiple times , and seeing maps of europe many times in the past , has paid off !, 
  i hate how you ca n't zoom in for that map , which makes it a hard quiz if you are on mobile . 
  the quiz also did an evil move on me by asking me to click iceland right after the nearly identically spelled ireland . 
  yep , it 's the belgium conspiracy . 
  first , bielefeld was made up , then finland . 
  why not try it a third time ? 
  i knew this video would be posted . 
  to be fair , the guy is welsh ( according the wikipedia link i posted ) , so he definitely had at least a slight advantage . 
  i think almost everyone would have trouble with pronouncing [ this town 's name ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/llanfairpwllgwyngyll ) . 
  disney * world * . 
  disneyland in the us is in california . 
   sweden is pretty stuck-up but i mean they also are more progressive in what ways do you think sweden is more progressive than norway ? 
  i 'm not disputing your comment , just asking you out of curiosity . 
  one is more expensive to visit or live in . 
  even worse , raiders fans . 
  good grief , giants fans have nothing on them . 
  my home area , nice !, 
  great area to live , just do n't underestimate cost of living . 
  i actually rather liked calimocho . 
  not the best cocktail i 've had , not even close , but it was n't bad , in my opinion . 
  i am from the bay area , and this makes me happy . 
  make sure you have tons of money if you want to move , though ; cost of living here is not trivial . 
  i only know about donetsk because of malaysia airlines flight 17 crashing in that area . 
  i wish i knew it through nicer news . 
  if catalonia becomes independent , andorra could merge with . 
  agreed , the montparnasse tower looks so utterly out of place . 
  i 've heard a saying that the tower has the best view of paris because it is the only place in the city where you ca n't see the tower . 
  where in asia did you live ? 
   ca n't you be in a committed relationship without living together ? 
  i mean , it varies from person to person . 
  i am in a committed relationship ( not yet married ) , but do n't yet live together with my so . 
  even if we were living together , we still would n't get additional legal rights until we get married . 
   a ` sambo ' has additional legal rights and such , you 've just not signed a piece of paper . 
  what are some additional rights that these couples get in sweden ? 
  on reddit , i also hear lot that hull and blackpool are quite dreadful . 
  is it common for you guys to combine florida with the caribbean in one trip ? 
   we are rude , self-righteous and pretentious i 've heard this one more about paris specifically , which as you later infer , becomes a stereotype for france as a whole .
