arch linux on 3 machines , and debian on one . 
  i would have probably gone with debian on another , but i had a bug with some hardware and arch was much quicker to get the patched kernel . 
  it did n't stop the eu from supporting the sanctions on russia . 
  and like i 've tried to explain , there are a lot of reasons why a faltering uk economy is beneficial to the eu . 
  i think the brexiters try and phrase the eu reaction as petty vindictiveness , but that is n't what will happen , the eu reaction will be pragmatic . 
  and simple pragmatism says that the eu simple ca n't afford to be accommodating to the uk . 
  the economic damage of the russian sanctions to a number of eu countries is estimated to be about $ 100 billion . 
  like i 've said already , i fully expect what is coming to effect my own little corner of the eu , and i do n't pretend that this does n't factor into my opposition to it . 
  but the narrative that the brexiters keep pushing , that britain is currently completely powerless inside the eu and has every decision hoisted upon them , but as soon as they leave the uk will become a political superpower , bending the rest of the eu to their demands , is obvious nonsense . 
  it would be pretty crazy to think the uk can just become a tax haven , there is a reason why places like the bahamas or the virgin islands do it , but not places like haiti . 
  sure the uk could drop it 's coorporation to offset eu tariffs , even below what the eu tariffs are to give is companies a competitive advantage , and it can devalue it 's currency , and so on . 
  the problem with any of those is that the effect it will have on the eu is relatively minor compared to the effect in the uk . 
  dropping cooperation tax just to maintain the current uk exports would be a massive drain on the uk government . 
  opting out of us-eu sanctions , or better yet vetoing them , will cost uk a lot more in its relationship with the us , than it will cost the eu . 
  i 'm not under any impression that the uk ca n't do anything to hurt the eu , just that most things it can do will hurt the uk much more than they will hurt the eu . 
   the only thing that will change is how actively hostile the uk will be to the remainder of the bloc upon leaving . 
  oh what do you mean by that ? 
  i 've outlined why i think the eu will be hostile to the uk 's economic interests , but what do you mean by the uk being actively hostile to the eu ? 
  and what form do you think this active hostility will take , and to what benefit to the uk ? 
  the thing is , if the uk economy does well outside the eu , then the eurosceptic campus in the netherlands , sweden , greece and france will have a massive case study to point to demonstrating why their country should follow in britain 's footsteps . 
  eu coheision will benefit enormously from a faltering british economy . 
  of course it is n't as if trade will just stop , at the worst we will just switch to trading with britain under wto rules . 
  however that effects goods , not services , so britain 's exports will be disproportional effected compared to its imports due to the balance on services vs goods . 
  sure , the eu economy will suffer after britain leaves , especially my own little corner of it , but i strongly suspect the brussels will decide it 's worth a bit of pain to keep the eu together . 
  also let 's not forget that the eu brought sanctions against russia . 
  i 'm not comparing the two situations , but the sanctions always work both ways , they obviously effected russia 's economy , but they also effected the eu economy . 
  clearly the eu is willing to accept some economic damage to make a point . 
  `` brussels has a track record of bullying '' but they think it 's just scaremongering this time ... 
  the effect of those security measures will do nothing more that exacerbate the situation , increase the violence , and thus necessitate more security measures . 
  israel obviously has a right to defend itself . 
  but i just look to the situation in my own country , where there are still terrorist cells , and the simple fact is that if the psni rolled in , and carried out reprisals on the communities , it would only drive more and more people in those communities to join with the terrorists . 
  that 's great , though i wonder why they went with a site with such a high latitude . 
  the spaceport is at 52 \u00b0 n , even if they wanted it in russian territory , that goes all the way down to 43 \u00b0 n. 
  i do n't know much about the french educational system , so forgive my ignorance , but that seems very low to me . 
  is the baccalaureat only for people who intend on going on to university , or is it a general qualification you 'd go for when you finish high school ? 
  edit : wait sorry , completely misunderstood what you were saying . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  only 12 % of french citizens have the baccalaureat ? 
  that ca n't be right ... 
  there is absolutely no chance of a viable palestinian state without most of area c. and the oslo agreement was never for israel to hold them indefinitely . 
  putin and xi hate it , find out how we will fix everything with this one simple trick . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/25/uk-must-leave-european-convention-on-human-rights-theresa-may-eu-referendum it seems that theresa may ( uk home secretary ) wants britain to leave that too . 
  probably because of the section in it about the right to privacy , i ca n't imagine she has much love for the british people having a court that could fight for their privacy outside of uk law . 
  uk courts are enough , obviously , just as soon as she gets her snoopers charter passed ... 
  well it used to be entirely at the discretion of the provider . 
  my current plan is on the very lowest end that the carrier sells , but it has absolutely terrible roaming rates . 
  other plans/providers had better roaming rates . 
  in my country my provider let me know that it was because of eu regulations too . 
  i wonder if there is something about the regs that force the provider to explain them , rather than phrasing it as a great new rate and hoping the customer will just assume that its carrier specific . 
  still it was pretty good for the eu to do something about that , roaming rates are an absolute scam . 
  ah , thanks . 
  for us , we have a supreme court and they review everything that our parliament passes and if it 's incompatible with the constitution then it 's invalid . 
  and a lower house , which can get our president to hold a referendum on any bill , though this has never happened and the lower house is completely toothless and badly in need of reform . 
  actually our constitution is technically higher than eu law , though or constitution recognises the supremecy of eu law , and only the people have the power to change it . 
  the countries with constitutions are all like that i believe . 
  do you think parcel motel would work for that too . 
  yeah . 
  though there is another issue there , because the british and irish residency rights have always been very generous . 
  and it is possible that irish citizenship might become a back door for britain . 
  if any europeans spend 5 years living here , then they have the right for irish citizenship . 
  after that they could then hop over to britain . 
  i do n't know if that would ever be enough to become a practical concern , though given the lengths that people go for citizenship , and that ireland is n't actually such a bad place to live , it is n't implausible , and it might be a big issue between us down the road . 
  well i suspect the cta will survive , though its important to note that ireland has to give free travel to the rest of europe . 
  this would then mean that if the rest of the uk wants border control , it is going to enforce a hard border between itself and ni . 
  that 's something the unionists will find very objectionable . 
  it might , but who knows . 
  honestly i think probably a lot of our concerns are about what happens with northern ireland . 
  if we end up having to put up the border again , even if its just a customs border , it 's going to play havoc on the ni economy . 
  i 'd imagine to a much greater degree that the roi economy . 
  messing with ni stability is never going to be a popular choice for us . 
  it 's a pity nobody explained the streisand effect to erdogan before this whole thing started . 
   europe is not negotiating in good faith why do you say that ? 
  ratifying a treaty is always a step that takes place after negotiating , and signing a treaty . 
  and i can name plenty that the us just never ratified . 
  kyoto protocol for one example , which the us signed but has no intention to ratify . 
  i mean i 'd be glad to see it killed , but i do n't think the eu is acting in any worse faith than the us is . 
  there is a lot of popular opposition against the ttip , and given the current euroskeptic climate , it would be really daft for the parliament to try push it through . 
  the commission will wrap it up , but i really ca n't see it going further than that . 
  not that surprising about france . 
  i 've heard a lot of speculation that the balance of power in europe will tip towards france after brexit . 
  well i 'll agree that there was more to this than i got into in my initial comment . 
  though it seems a little disingenuous to argue that the production of mmt was n't banned in canada therefore it 's import should be allowed , when ethyl were the sole manufacturers of mmt and nowhere in canada was producing it . 
  but from reading the cepa seems to have the same regulatory approach as the us , so it is probably true that ethyl could set up production in canada , and there is nothing that canada could do to prevent them . 
  so i concede that . 
  i still maintain that the precautionary principle is ultimately incompatible with having an isds treaty with the us . 
  i 'm also not sure if pm vs australia is a good argument . 
  the isds court agreed with australia that they did n't have jurisdiction because pm asia acquired pm australia after it was already common knowledge that australia planned on introducing these rules . 
  so it remains an open question on what would have happened if australia had introduced these rules and the isds court did have jurisdiction . 
  philip morris vs uruguay will be a much more relevant case , i suspect . 
  but my concern is that isds would force the eu to take a more us approach to regulation , which is n't a question that is really answered by restrictions on tobacco . 
  well , for one example , canada is bound by isds rules through nafta and they have been forced to change a number of rules . 
  for example they tried to ban mmt , a petrol additive that we ban in europe as it 's a suspected neurotoxin , that the epa also tried to ban in the us . 
  the us overturned the epa decision because it was outside their remit , and the company then sued canada through isds and had their ban overturned . 
  canada is n't as big as the uk , admittedly , but it is n't tiny either . 
  i 'm a fan of the precautionary principle , but that is n't how the us approaches regulation , and it wo n't be how the uk can approach it either , if they enter into an isds agreement with the us . 
  i suspect that isds will kill ttip in europe , but i think the uk will end up adopting it . 
  and maybe you think not being able to ban things you suspect to be cancer causing , or neurotoxins is n't a loss of sovereignty , but i disagree . 
  considering that the uk have been one of the main proponents for the ttip , and that post brexit uk is going to be pretty eager for trade agreements as soon as possible , which with the us will almost definitely include isds . 
  how comfortable will you be giving up your sovereignty to us cooperate interests ? 
   how was it `` a change of subject '' ?
