  the pound was driven up by the economic activity in london , and that put a lot of areas outside london at a huge disadvantage against the rest of the eu . 
  it was probably the right choice to stay out for the uk as a whole , but it really messed up large parts of the country . 
  i 'm very glad my country is a part of it , if the financial sector moves some of its activity here ... 
  that really does look impressive . 
  great photos . 
  i could see it happening on some stuff , but not on food . 
  the eu is as protectionist as it ever was when it comes to agriculture . 
  if the uk removes food tariffs , and i suspect they will , then ireland will have no choice but to have customs checks to avoid people shipping food from china , to belfast , down to dublin and onto the continent , to avoid eu food tariffs . 
  ( something people have been caught doing through norway http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-20976887 ) . 
   any citation on this ? 
  its mentioned on the wikipedia article i linked to , the citations it gives are all in turkish however . 
   given that a majority of the british people do not want checks , i think it is very achievable . 
  obviously , if ireland puts in place a hard border we can not control that . 
  you 're talking about hard borders again , but i 'm talking about customs borders . 
  my contention is that they will still lead to hour long tail backs on major roads , as they do between norway and sweden , and that the difference between that and a hard border will be very minor in practical terms . 
  even then the norway and swedish model still presume a level of co-operation in the north that goes well beyond what has been achievable up to this point . 
  a customs border simply is n't avoidable any more . 
  without it trade tariffs are effectively the lowest common dominator between whatever the uk agrees externally , and whatever the eu agrees externally . 
  it puts us both at the whims of each others trade agreements , and that is n't going to be acceptable to either side . 
   turkey does have separate free trade agreements from the eu . 
  sure , i never said turkey could n't have them . 
  i said that turkey agrees to notify the eu of any agreements it makes , and the eu has the right to annul them . 
   my preference would be for the uk side not to have checks at all ( and depending on how the uk goes about reducing tariffs , that should be doable ) . 
  on the ireland side i am sure they will want things to be as loose as possible . 
  in practical terms you 're preference is n't going to be any more achievable than it was between norway and sweden . 
   no , that is n't true . 
  the customs union only relates to customs , not to other aspects of free trade . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union%e2%80%93turkey_customs_union of course its true . 
  otherwise it would mean that turkey could sign a free trade agreement with china , for example , import from china and ship directly across the border into the eu , effectively meaning that turkey can dictate trade policy to the eu . 
   on the uk side , nobody will want to put in place a border , even if we are not in the customs union . 
  i think ireland will want to lobby brussels and ask brussels permission to have a very soft border . 
  i am sure brussels will be happy to give ireland permission . 
  well perhaps we could have a model like norway and sweden have , where they have a 15km zone on each side of their border for policing by both sides , so they can keep roads open for local traffic , something the north and ireland never achieved even though it was already sorely needed due to cross border crime . 
  and then customs checks on the main roads , which are fairly loose , but can often lead to delays of several hours on crossings . 
  but if you stay within the customs union , then the uk will have to , like turkey , accept all treaties that the eu makes , notify the eu of any treaties that the uk makes , as well as the right to annul them , and accept the supremacy of ecj decisions . 
  even then , it is probable that uk agriculture will be excluded , like is for turkey , which means that a soft border is still needed . 
  if the uk leaves the customs union , then we are still talking about closing down a lot of the crossings between the uk and ireland , because it simply wo n't be feasible to police them all . 
  sure , we can still have free movement of people , but from a practical sense that is still going to be very damaging to communities near the border , and in implementation not all that different from having a hard border . 
  i suspect that the uk will end up having to throw open its markets to agricultural imports from aus/nz and the us . 
  that will lower food prices and mean we can only really sell into the very high end of the market , the parts that do n't like gmos and growth hormones and are willing to pay more to avoid it . 
  sure , i 'm not saying it was n't a terrible decision made for the wrong reasons . 
  i just think its telling to hear the young guy point out how this really was a vote that mattered , i 'm guess that does n't happen much . 
  yeah , it would have been an improvement . 
  i think the av system had its own set of obvious flaws , which really worked against it , but still an improvement over fptp . 
  so where will the customs border between the uk and ireland be then ? 
  though because of fptp for a lot of these people , their votes in the general election really do n't matter . 
  ireland did n't default ... 
  you 're essentially suggesting that ireland becomes a nation of smugglers ? 
  and its an excellent time to increase the hp sauce portion of your diet , considering the effect the falling pound will have on imported food prices . 
  well it seems like a pretty hollow threat to me , but i guess we will see how it shakes out . 
  oh sure , yeah they can do that . 
  the problem is that they have to apply that uniformly . 
  what you 're suggesting is that the uk will block the import of cars from every country . 
  umm no they ca n't , then they would be breaking wto rules . 
  the uk can still import cars under wto rules . 
  fair enough , i could imagine that the swiss were excited about the uk joining because they have similar views on migrants , but i did n't know that norway was the same . 
  how long do you think the uk will accept those terms for ? 
  but it is n't their choice alone . 
  my money is on them getting a free trade agreement on the same level as canada . 
  they would n't have to pay anything to our budgets and will have full immigration control , and have tariff free on most goods , but probably not agriculture , and definitely no services . 
  eea membership i suspect will be a complete non starter . 
  all 31 countries will have a veto on that , and i suspect that norway , who would lose their biggest member status , and sweeden would both veto , because they would n't want a member like the uk given their immigration demands , disrupting the entire eea block . 
  spain might veto , depending on if they feel like it would underscore how damaging leaving the eu would be to catalonia . 
  in any case , i suspect that the uk would view it as a temporary measure to soften the brexit blow , and i 'm not sure that the eu would be happy accepting that . 
  it is pragmatism . 
  ceding to uk demands now will only embolden the eurosceptics in france and the netherlands . 
  sure , swiss banks still have their headquarters in switzerland even though it also lacks passporting , but they have to run a lot of their trade through london because of this . 
  it will be the same for a lot of british banks . 
  this guy really strikes me as a modern day hearst and pulitzer . 
  for those that do n't know hearst and pulitzer were new york journalists who stoked tensions between spain and the us in order to sell newspapers . 
  they were blamed for starting the war for a long time , though most historians agree that was overstated now . 
  the situation in switzerland is that they had a referendum to give themselves control over immigration , but that runs against the agreements between them and the eu . 
  the swiss government has to implement this soon under swiss law , and as soon as they do it 's going to disrupt their eu agreements . 
  expect to see this play out over the coming months . 
  well it 's a bit soon , but it 's a good time for america to strike . 
  i guessed that when obama was talking about back of the queue , and people were saying that at least they would n't have ttip now , that the uk would get it long before the eu . 
  so the answer to that is yes and no respectively . 
  i know you thought the second question was just qualifying the first , but its complicated by a referendum that the swiss had in 2014 where they decided to bring in quotas . 
  this put them into conflict with the eu , because referendum are binding in switzerland , but they ca n't bring that in without jeopardizing their agreement with the eu , which does allow residence . 
  this is an ongoing disagreement , so i do n't know what will happen yet . 
  if it goes that way , and i hope it does n't , but i 'd predict that a recession would lead to rising tensions on both sides . 
  to be honest i 'd be more interested in hearing your opinion , you being a bit closer to it all than i am . 
  short answer , the economy of ni is n't that great , and is highly dependant on trade with the republic . 
  the border will lead to a hard recession there , and there is nothing like a recession and unemployment to rekindle old grievances ( especially when you consider that the only side of the political divide to push for brexit was the dup ) . 
  yeah , of course they can . 
  the uk 's problem is that their economy is geared towards being a member of the single market , and a fta would n't give them the type of access that london in particular needs . 
  switzerland , for instance , has free trade agreements with the eu , and even their fta , which includes freedom of movement , does n't include the passporting rights that uk banks require . 
  wo n't they be embarrassed when they find out the uk has n't physically moved . 
  well just as long as ye do n't get your own referendum and decide to leave too . 
  just my opinion , but i do n't think that eea membership will even be offered to the uk . 
  the ecb were already unhappy its financial centre lying outside the eurozone in london , they tried to move it before but the uk gov blocked them through the ecj . 
  whatever type of deal is negotiated in the end , i do n't think it will include passporting rights . 
  even if it did though , i doubt that would be enough for london , the uk has blocked a lot of legislation to fight against corruption to protect london , and they have lost that power now , the financial services would probably want to be part of another eu economy that they can then influence . 
  on top of that , my understanding is that eea countries hold a veto on new countries joining . 
  i ca n't see norway being overly enthused about losing its status as the most influential member of the eea . 
  or accepting a member like the uk , who are a lot more likely to use the veto and put a lot more pressure on the current eea relationship . 
  i think that will end up being a given . 
  the ecb were already unhappy with the financial centre of the eurozone lying outside in london . 
  they tried to move it before , but were blocked by the ecj , because it would have gone against the principles of equality between eu states . 
  having it lie outside the eu simply is n't going to be allowed .
