  have you even read the article ? 
  the op was talking about the problem of phase synchronization . 
  which is when you are trying to synchronize the different phases of energy generation , which , if they get out of phase , can cause the destruction of energy generators . 
  what you are talking about is the saturation of electrical grids , which can cause issues and brownouts in other parts of the grid . 
  which is an interesting , but completely different , topic . 
  the us is just trying to feign indifference , so when negotiations do take place , the uk are going to start off in a weaker position . 
  of course the uk will have trade agreements with the us , but the uk are going to be forced to accept things like the isds , while i suspect that isds will end up killing off ttip in the rest of europe . 
   the european union will not ` punish ' the united kingdom is it leaves . 
  that would be the action of a playground bully and the eu can not afford to look like a bully . 
  i 'm sure the eu will welcome the chance to demonstrate how unnecessary it 's membership is . 
  the difference between the uk and china is that china can afford to sit on their hands and drag the negotiating out , while the uk really ca n't . 
  the uk will have the two years while it is leaving the eu to set up trade agreements to minimise the effect of brexit on its industry . 
  if it leaves without those agreements in place , uk trade is going to be heavily damaged by large tariffs . 
  that is the hand that the uk will have going into trade agreements , and it is incredibly optimistic to thing that the uk will emerge with many advantages given that . 
  iceland was in a very different situation , because even if they could n't agree to trade agreements , it would n't damage their economy as a result , because they were n't already dependant upon them . 
  countries issue commemorative coins all the time , but they are n't really meant to be spent ( other than $ 2 coins , which can only change the design on the back ) . 
  france alone has issued over 400 of them , including a $ 50 hello kitty coin . 
  often the metal value of the coins are worth a lot more than the number printed on them , and the collector value is worth more than that again . 
  at least we do n't make all our money the same size to mess with blind people . 
  well the membership fee is an easy point to make . 
  and in terms of direct money in and out , the uk has always had a deficit with what it receives back . 
  but it is membership in a club , you pay in for the other benefits it gives you . 
  and the uk does receive the benefit of increased trade with the rest of the eu from its membership fee . 
  as to the larger question , does this benefit outweigh the cost of membership ? 
  the problem is that the benefit is incredibly hard to quantify , but given that this fee is n't a very contentious point in the referendum ( or at least from what we can see on the outside ) and instead people are focusing on sovereignty , migration , and the general direction of the eu , i 'd be fairly confident that the general consensus is that the benefit does outweigh the cost . 
  well london is the financial centre of the eu , and that is unlikely to continue once britain has left . 
  obviously london is a pretty big player on the world financial stage too , so i 'd imagine it will remain important , but i 'd suspect that the negative effects of the brexit will be most keenly felt there . 
  the service industry is obviously hugely important to the uk , and eu trade agreements over services have also always included free movement of labour rules . 
  it seems incredibly unlikely to me that the uk will agree to the type of rules that norway have agreed to , given that the free movement is such a key issue to the uk , and incredibly unlikely that the eu would agree to waive those rules , as that would have knock on effects , at the very least on the relationship with switzerland for example . 
  i 'm sure that there will be some compromise found , but it is n't going to be free trade , and that means that uk firms exporting services into the eu are going to be competing against eu firms who can trade tariff free . 
  but it 's like everything , some industries will suffer , and some will benefit . 
  it does look to me that the uk are very invested in the type of industry that will be damaged by your exit , but maybe it looks different on the inside ... 
  the border is unavoidable . 
  at best it will be a customs border , similar to what exists between norway and sweden ( both schengen members ) . 
  but that would still mean possibly closing back roads , or at least banning commerical traffic , spot checks on the border , customs controls on the primary roads , and so on . 
  if the us demands access for their health industry , as part of the eventual trade agreement between the uk and usa , will the uk be in a strong enough bargining position to refuse this ? 
  if not , then that will mean access on an equal footing , which will require the privatisation of the nhs , regardless of how people feel about it . 
  tell that to kilkenny . 
  i disagree , the problem is smaller the larger the currency area gets . 
  the larger the area the harder it is for a single field to become so large that it effectively drives the currency . 
  the uk 's problem is n't just that london 's economy is so large , it 's that london 's economy is so specialised and large , that it only drives economic growth in london . 
  germany is obviously the strongest area in the eurozone , but it does n't have the same specialisation that drives the eurozone and is tied to germany . 
  well i come from a rural area , and there is no denying that the rescission hit hard , but we are recovering okay . 
  but you 're right , ireland 's economy is very unbalanced towards dublin , but our currency is n't affected by that . 
  so the strength of the pound was quite beneficial to us , as it made irish exports more attractive there , and the strength of dublin 's economy can not make our exports to the eu less attractive . 
  edit : that said we are going to be hit hard again as a consequence of brexit . 
  i do n't mean that it 's london 's fault . 
  just that the economic strong area , like london , drives the strong sterling , and that puts the economically stagnant areas at an increasing disadvantage . 
  its actually a problem with any currency area , so in a sense it is systemic , but the uk economy became so specialized and unbalanced . 
  the smaller the currency area , the easier it is to unbalance . 
  it is n't inevitable though , sweden seems to have avoided it . 
  but the idea that the uk has been better off without the euro is a myth , parts of the uk have been better off , and the rest paid for it dearly . 
  the euro has its problems , but i still think it was the right decision . 
  you only have to look at the uk , where the strong pound driven by the economic activity in london , made the rest of the country increasingly uncompetitive , slowly strangling them . 
   his intervention contradicts early reports following the referendum last month that british scholars are being overlooked for research funding . 
  not sure contradict is the right word here . 
  it is entirely possible that the earlier reports were correct , and that he just happens to be one of the unaffected . 
  shoddy reporting . 
  maybe people dislike his hypocrisy , after all he criticised obama for doing what he is now going to do himself . 
  i meant do you think obama/farage should stay out of it ? 
  to be honest i think farage has a right to express his opinion , but if i was british i 'd be pretty unhappy with him going around annoying the people i was about to try and have very delicate negotiations with . 
  at this point i 'm beginning to suspect he really dislikes the uk ... 
  so which camp did you belong to ? 
  a sign of things to come , if they are n't even willing to fund them when they are partially funded by the eu ... 
  ah he is lovely , but he is mostly just a ceremonial leprechaun . 
  we should require him to apply for a visa ... 
  but i can understand why he would want to travel while he still has the right to travel freely . 
  probably , but to a lesser degree because everybody has the same language . 
  and because of the two party system , there are a lot fewer candidates than i suspect a eu presidential election would produce . 
  but their system is really flawed , and it produces a lot of voter apathy , so i do n't think it would work for the eu . 
  i do n't think smaller nations would be happy with that at all . 
  too much of a tendency for people to only vote for candidates from their own country . 
  depends on your company , but there might be problems with data protection rules for one thing . 
  shit , how do you know about my pot of gold ? 
  i 'll have to move it now . 
  buy gold ... 
  the eu does n't protect it , but there is no denying that it 's going to be on very shaky ground after ye exit . 
  to start with the falling pound has made imported medicine more expensive , and the uk is probably going to have to cover the medical costs of uk pensioners in the eu . 
  i 'd expect staffing costs to rise too . 
  next the uk is facing into a recession now , so it 's unlikely the nhs will see any real increases in funding to keep up with their rising costs . 
  even if the uk government did n't seem ideologically opposed to it anyway . 
  finally , the uk needs trade deals , and while they were able to exclude the nhs from ttip , the uk is in a much weaker negioating position now . 
  the us will want access for their health industry , and for the nhs to be privatised to put it on a fair footing . 
  i hope the nhs does survive , because it 's a model i 'd love to see my country adopt one day , but it 's facing into a tough future at the moment . 
  he probably only gives group insults for eastern europe , while this is only measuring countries specifically . 
   stationing nuclear missiles along the russian border like it 's the 50 's again that 's such nonsense . 
  nuclear missiles are intercontinental , they can be fired from anywhere in the world . 
  the only reason you 'd put them on the russian border , is if you were trying to hand them over to the russians . 
   as for passporting , this is also complex . 
  do you want eu consumers to be able to benefit from financial services offered by uk based banks yeah , ever since the referendum we have seen the eu falling over themselves trying to maintain access to the uk financial services . 
  i 'm sure that will continue . 
  the uk has been an uncommitted part of the eu for virtually all of its membership . 
  whether it works out for them or not , i 'd put money on there being no appetite for letting them back in . 
  only reason i 've heard of her outside the uk is because she was always one of the big advocates of the uk surveillance . 
  so however fucked the brits are , you can be sure she will be watching . 
  english subway system . 
  well really i 'd steal those from any country , but the english one is closest . 
  an economically suffering uk would n't be great for eu economics , but its important to remember that an economically suffering uk would be good for eu cohesion and good for the governments in countries with an ascendant euroskeptic party . 
  you can see that in the polling data on the popularity of eu skeptic parties in other eu countries since the uk left . 
  honestly , just my opinion , but for all its failings , i think a large part of what screwed over the midlands and the north of england is that ye did n't adopt the euro .
