better culture ? 
  how does one decide that ? 
  deep fried mars bar and a munchy box are scotland 's national delicacies , better than any fancy french food . 
  come to the uk , the coffee is abysmal . 
  tea is fantastic but the coffee is almost always nescafe insta shite . 
  many people in many european countries are upset with the refugee situation . 
  many germans and swedes are also upset with the situation . 
  just because countries are allowing refugees in it does n't mean all of the citizens of that country are behind it . 
  i do n't think he 's saying they did n't help . 
  but the purpose of the conversation was about turkey . 
  honestly , i really think you 're overestimating the amount of people alive from that time period . 
  but regardless , most colonial nation stopped slavery/forced labour in the 19th century . 
  portugal especially treated their colonies as part of portugal from the 30s onwards . 
  and the vast , vast majority of wealth that european nations have is not from colonies in anyway whatsoever . 
  and also , most european nations did n't even have african colonies in the first place . 
  who then ? 
  i 'm fairly positive there are no politicians alive that actively did all of that shit ... and regardless , 99.999 % of the population did not do anything to harm the african nation . 
  best to use their money to benefit them , and not people who have nothing to do with them . 
  what group of people from an european nation ? 
  odd connection for you to make ... 
  eh , to an extent . 
  whilst governments are now sending more infrastructure aid , there is still a massive glut of charities donating clothing and/or clothing . 
  while the donations are out of goodwill , it really destroys a lot of african peoples ability to make money . 
  also , removes incentive for growing crops etc. 
  well , you could also make the argument that nobody living did anything against these african nations . 
  when will the guilt run out and we can stop sending aid ? 
  regardless , the type of aid we 're sending is awful . 
  it needs to be more infrastructure and less food and clothing . 
  it wrecks local markets . 
  well , most educated people agree that having a capitalistic economy is by far the best thing . 
  however , there needs to be rules and regulations which is where we get market socialist economy . 
  but it 's so absolutely different it 's pretty much not . 
  i think you underestimate how different the two cuisines are now . 
  learnt it from my father , but nowadays all i can really say is simple phrases haha . 
  my username means i love you in swedish and much in spanish . 
  russia is hemorrhaging money and their economy is about to collapse . 
  the ruble is dropping in value rapidly . 
  it certainly is having a huge impact . 
  are you dumb ? 
  google it , you 're wrong . 
  halal meat is disgusting and torturous . 
  i would assume german salaries are much higher though . 
  the west is evil ? 
  that is laughable . 
  the west is the only area of the world where equality , civil rights and tolerance is widely supported and implemented . 
  all countries have their faults , but you would have to be mental to suggest the west is more evil than any other area in this world . 
  especially when compared to russia . 
  appreciate the answer mate . 
  i love the fact that i 'm italian , but i really felt like i would n't really be accepted since people could think i 'm not a `` real '' italian . 
  my mum 's family is from the north of italy too , so i do n't even have any stereotypical italian features haha . 
  and will people not want to take my order or more because i do n't speak italian ? 
  thanks !, 
  my mouth turns to mush whenever i try to speak italian with my mum 's side of the family . 
  they accept me though regardless haha . 
  random question for you . 
  how are people like myself and / u/ajl1239 seen in italy ? 
  while we may be italian citizens and have close italian ties , we did n't grow up there nor speak the language ( fluently ) . 
  are we looked down upon ? 
  i 've asked my family yet i feel like they 're too nice to tell me the truth lol . 
  thanks mate . 
  due to eu regulations are due to lack of want ? 
  i know the markka was shit before but it could provide you with the tools to alter your currency in ways the eu forbids . 
  turns out he 's actually an italian citizen , surprised me too . 
  but then again , i know quite a few americans with dual citizenship with italy . 
  makes it easier to work in the eu . 
  hell , i have dual citizenship with italy through my mum yet i ca n't speak italian . 
  so it 's more common than you think . 
  i 'm learning though . 
  any chance at getting out of the euro and going back to the markka ? 
  could you explain how ? 
  are you against welfare ? 
  i 'm not talking about in a vacuum , human nature would make sure that border less countries would fall apart . 
  there could be no social welfare , no public schooling etc. 
  the natives would retaliate against the immigrants . 
  it could never work in the real world . 
  could you please explain then ? 
  i hope you enjoy libertarianism or anarchism , because those are the only forms of government that would work in a borderless world . 
  fair point haha . 
  na we 're arguing about the definition of the anglosphere mate . 
  10 % is first language , but i would n't say 2nd language means anything when trying to compare it to the anglosphere . 
  english is lingua franca across europe , does n't mean all of europe is in the anglosphere . 
  seeing as there are many european countries with 80 % english speaking people but are not considered part of the anglosphere , such as sweden , denmark , germany etc. 
  but that does n't mean anything , america is n't suddenly a latin country just because it has 10 % of spanish speakers . 
  just because population means that a lot of people speak a language it does n't make it part of that cultural group . 
  i do n't really think that matters when there are many countries with many official languages . 
  10 % is a very small amount . 
  ... india has 10 % english speakers . 
  how the hell does that qualify . 
  they speak dialects that are n't exactly intelligible in other anglosphere countries like jamaica . 
  do n't know if it 's fair to include them . 
  ... are you that ignorant ? 
  maybe from germans , but compared to people in the uk they 're not that different mate . 
  and i currently live in the usa from scotland , there are many similarities that people do n't notice or refuse to notice . 
  they 're unsourced . 
  aka opinion trash and mean absolutely nothing in an argument . 
  also , one minister saying something does not equal fact mate . 
  you realise the vast majority of those corporations are american or british to begin with right ? 
  apple is a prime example . 
  source ? 
  eh , calling colombia european is a massive stretch .
