  if you are talking about the migrant crisis it has nothing to do at all with cheap labour . 
  it 's only being allowed because certain people profit ... 
  it 's not me , nor the average guy having to compete with them in a decade or so . 
  but even when not discussing that one could say importing eastern europeans is bad for the local underclass , although the benefits over here are too good to work the jobs they do anyway . 
  so i do n't have a huge issue with that , as long as they 're forced to return when out of work . 
   also how much do you pay , do yo know ? 
  oh man , if it was only 200 million i 'd be very very happy . . we pay a lot more , we pay around $ 280 net per head . . 
  so i guess that 's around 800 euro per working person . 
   economically europe is doing very well . 
  we went from 35 % of the world economy to about 17 , my own country that made up 1.3 percent went to 0.7 . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.nu.nl/geldzaken/4173401/aandeel-nederland-in-wereldeconomie-in-35-jaar-gehalveerd.html ) and america has crawled out of the hole they created , but we 're still stuck because we have to deal with a common currency that does n't work without making the eu into a superstate . 
   uhm yes it will . 
  it is the largest economical entity in the world . 
  so will it be when trading as separate nations , what benefit does the eu really deliver in that sense ? 
  for work purposes , and with good rules of course . . 
  but having a fluent workforce is n't a bad thing . 
  as long as they do n't abuse the systems or the natives . 
   things that dutch mps elected by their people voted on . 
  if he has an issue with that he has an issue with democracy , not the eu . 
  dutch mp are only a small percentage ... and only one of the seven institutions is elected directly . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/05/europes-democratic-deficit-is-getting-worse/371297/ much democracy . 
  oh common . . like they 're ever held accountable for what they 're doing over there . 
  there are international coalitions and as a small country you have no influence whatsoever ... edit : read more here - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_deficit_in_the_european_union http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/05/europes-democratic-deficit-is-getting-worse/371297/, 
  ok that 's fine ... 
  i 'd like to have some influence , no matter how small on the way my country is run . 
  but if you trust our overlords and want the future to be decided by big companies that 's fine too . 
  oh yeah the euro made us a lot stronger ... 
  i mean it 's fine to want a strong europe , but our strength always lied in our diversity . 
  now we 're destroying that ... 
  forcing southern nations into a northern european mindset , resulting in 50 % of the youth without a job . 
  these countries need a reset every now and then , it 's how they always worked . 
  instead now we 're shipping loads of money south ... 
  i think europe should play both sides , not try to compete ... we 'll never be as strong military as the us , they defend their position as we can see now in the middle east and the population pays a price for it . 
  we 'll never have the cheap workforce of china ( although continuing at this rate of import and we might very well be able to compete in 20-30 years when everybody is poor ) , and a government that can steer that well ( although that 's where you want to go ) ... we also do n't have the natural resources of russia . 
  what we have or i might say had , was ingenuity ... good , quality products that people were willing to pay for because it came from europe . 
  germany builds the best quality , italy designed the most beautiful things ... greece and spain for the holidays and culture . 
  every country had something great to offer . 
  yet now we 're trying to import cheap labor , trying to compete in a race to the bottom . 
  instead we 'll make our continent unrecognizable . 
  within a few decades ... all those stories of how the netherlands benefits from the euro since we 're a trading nation is bullshit , we got robbed at the start , and it never stopped ( only country to stick to the rules , biggest net payer ) . 
  we could have traded just as well when we had our currency connected to the reichsmark . 
  europe wo n't be strong because of it 's size , it can only be strong doing what it does best ... make quality things , innovate . 
  but we 've lost our edge and it will be hard to get it back the way things are shaping up . 
  watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co4ayo4myzg ) if you have the time , i 'll have to look up some sources to write a decent reply . 
  will edit this later ... edit : european laws above dutch laws : http://www.tweedekamer.nl/hoe_werkt_het/tweede_kamer_en_europa/wet_nederland no longer any influence on monetary policy ( obvious i think , but i could find a source if you want ) . 
  huge actions like visa free travel for turkey are taken without questioning national governments . 
  same for the ever expanding eu , ttip ( yes governments get a vote , but no say in the process ) ... you are not allowed to deport people , to your own liking . . http://www.dw.com/en/court-fines-italy-for-deporting-migrants-to-libya/a-15761455 some more things i 'm sure but this is of the top of my mind ... will think of more and save it if i 'm ever asked this question again . 
  if you ask me he 's the only sane one about the eu , it has turned into a monster . 
  better dismantle it and start over now , than to have it slowly eat away more of our rights and democracy ... we need to go back to the original goal : free trade , free movement of people . 
  let each country decide it 's own taxes and monetary policy , the cultural differences within europe are too big . 
  better hurt a bit now , then hurt for the next 50 + years till we 've become the united states of europe . 
  unless that 's what you want of course ... 
  it does , they are a corrupt state at war . 
  it will be incorporated in europe and this is the first step ... 
  it affects us all . 
  well said , one might add that the mainstream-media ignored it until the very last moment when it was becoming clear they were going to make it . 
  read this / u/10ebbor10 , he explained it better than me . 
  it 's not binding though , and basically already went into effect ... we need 30 % for it to be valid , but the government can do whatever they want since it 's not binding . 
  if it 's a clear no however and enough people vote , it will be fun to see what the government will do ... 
  basically . . 
  done by a webblog . 
  it was the first thing they could hold a referendum about after the law passed . 
  they 've had to work for it . . gain 300.000 signatures in 6 weeks , they had 440.000 . 
  i hope for a strong no , not only because i 'm against the treaty for ukraine but also to make our leaders look bad as they 're ` leading ' the eu at the moment . 
  in the end it will be meaningless , only the brits can make a real change ... 
  we just read a story about how well that works ... 
  fact remains that we do n't lock these people up to send them back , we just cancel the process and hope they work with us to go home . 
  clearly we need social workers for these social workers . . problem solved . 
  so are many anarchist forums . . 
  in fact the extreme-left tends to be a lot more violent from what i read/see . 
  anyway , both are bad ... 
  hate speech is too subjective , the line should be at calling for violence . 
  hope you 're right , but i 've become very cynical towards a moderate islam ... just wanted to show that even in a constitutional republic like indonesia there 's already caning ( sharia ) and such . 
  i had some hope for turkey but since erdogan they too are going backwards . 
  anyway yes right now it may be a good country to live in , but i do n't see it lasting ...  not even taking their rising educational level , cheap technology and the spreading of information into account , which in my opinion has a positive effect on radicalism . 
  a lot of western radicals are educated ... isis is led by smart people . 
  it will slowly get worse though , indonesia is not a shining beacon ... 
  they 've already implemented it in some regions and the rest will follow . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-10-24/indonesian-aceh-province-enacts-islamic-sharia-criminal-code/6882346 ) [ source2 ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/world/hardline-indonesian-muslims-call-for-closure-of-christian-churches-in-aceh-20151018-gkc5er.html ) in indonesia too they 'll continue untill it 's a 100 % muslim ... 
  enjoy it while it lasts . 
  only against fellow muslims right ? 
  all non-muslims are whores ... at least that 's what isis says and they take their stuff pretty serious . 
  thing is there is no 1 islam ... and there are many bad ways to interpret that holy book of theirs , and their prophet unlike the jesus that 's known in the western world today , did n't really set a good example . 
  sure jesus could be considered a dickhead too , depending on what passages you pick . . 
  but most seem to agree he gave an update to the old-testament and moderated it somewhat . 
  islam does n't seem to have that moderation , and is still taken pretty literally by a lot of people . 
  therefore , in it 's current state , it 's incompatible and a danger to western society . 
  to my knowledge europe was just a passenger ... 
  but i 'm not 100 % sure about that , the problems we had with greece , spain , italy and ireland might have been triggered by those events but its not the root of the problem in those countries ... 
  if they would have been able to act like iceland did i think europe would have been better off . 
  i too hope an economist can chip in ... 
  germany was doing pretty good , since we are basically a province of germany i think we would be better off . 
  sure the massive deleveraging during the credit crisis was bad and it would have hit us hard , but we would have been long past it ... 
  he 's republican right ? 
  even the democrats are far-right compared to europe . 
  not completely familiar with his politics but i always understood america is quite right-leaning in that aspect . 
  could be the case though , then trump is actually ok ... 
  assumed he was only interested in serving the rich . 
  our logistical industry was already thriving without the euro , basically everybody now agrees that it was not a good decision ... 
  it has cost us a lot of money .
