  we also have a large group of independent workers , that are not registered as unemployed but do n't make enough money to survive without aid . 
  thing is that we 're a rich country , and we can cope with it for now ... 
  but we wo n't have the good lives our parents had . 
  or they have smart ways of hiding it ... our governments grow bigger and bigger , and the people making money that 's not government related decreases ... we have large groups that are not in the unemployment figures because of smart accounting . 
   at a relatively minor cost for people in developed countries . 
  mass unemployment of the lower-class ( + north-african/middle-eastern migrants ) due to all the simple jobs moving overseas combine this with the trend of further automation and an a lot of elderly to support ... 
  this is n't minor , this is a complete collapse into poverty ... now this has been going on for a while , and this chapter wo n't change much but it 's a problem anyway . 
  and as soon as wages start to rise they 'll ship it elsewhere and you 'll have the same problems ... 
   in that case i would suggest cutting all aid to africa , too . 
  yeah that would be the first thing to do ... aid only [ cripples ] ( https://www.google.nl/#q=foreign+aid+hurts+africa&amp;search_plus_one=form ) them too ... 
  it 's only to feel good about ourselves . 
   better keep all that sweet money back home so we can all buy a better 60 '' uhd tv this year . 
  no just so our elders can get helped out of bed to piss and take a shower more than once a week ... 
   it is their own money . 
  no it 's taxpayer 's money  and fraud in the eu has been lower than in practically any of the member states . 
  in eastern-europe there 's much more than in my part of the woods ( netherlands ) ... 
  in the eu itself it might be fine , but where they 're sending it too it 's wasted quite a bit . 
  we should reintroduce [ this ] ( http://www.emersonkent.com/images/guillotine.jpg ) just for the political elite ... might make them think twice before doing shit against the will and best interests of the people . 
  let them take it from elsewhere , there 's plenty of money going that way . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2016/05/31/nearly-one-billion-lost-to-fraud-say-eu-investigators/ ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11985763/fraud-allegations-and-waste-as-eu-hands-out-money-faster-than-states-can-spend-it.html ) , [ 3 ] ( https://euobserver.com/justice/116856 ) it 's easy to ask for more money , especially spending it is easy when it 's not your own ... let them look at their spending first , maybe after 10 years or so we can look if it needs increasing . 
  it does if one reevaluates the proces , federalization does not work and is not wanted ... therefor stop before the part it went downhill . 
  or go back to the eec ... 
  i 'm more for the [ greater netherlands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_netherlands ) , but i 'm sure we could do without our reserve belgiums . . 
  i 'll miss carnaval but i guess that once a year we cross the rivers we could do it with a visum . 
  if it were me the netherlands would be with the uk ... hope one day we get the same chance . 
  every system that has n't died out yet has it 's advantages ... 
  this one could work quite well if implemented correctly . 
  the eu is actually trying to make the europeans one tribe ( not that it 's possible , but it seems to be the goal ) ... 
  it works to feel connected and responsible for something , it 's human nature and got us to where we are . 
  easier to control people fighting over breadcrumbs if they hate each other ... 
  ssst , that will all be solved with more europe ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalism#civic_nationalism there are many forms ... 
  it 's just that it 's gotten a bad name after ww2 . 
  it 's a process . . 
  they 'll make money almost instantly . 
  think oil , agriculture , minerals , raw materials ... we get a part of what we take out . 
  now if they decide they want to go alone at it again ( like zimbabwe for example ) , good luck to them ... 
  but no more aid , they had their chance . 
  it could have been fine ... we just needed to shift our values on work , not everybody needs to work in the classical sense of the word ... 
  provide a basic income and let people do what they want , help at the local football club . . help the elderly , whatever . 
  provide incentives to keep people busy , but not everybody will have a fulltime job in the future . 
  if there are n't enough jobs to go around , we 'll have to change ... now the transition would have been hard , but with enough solidarity and will i think we could have pulled it off . 
  however now we have a shitload of people that have never contributed to our society , some of whom even despise us ... good luck getting the ever decreasing net-paying part of the population paying for them ... we 'll see the difference between japan and western-europe in the coming decades , my money is on japan . 
   i think you ca n't do the former without provoking a war with the owner of the said shore . 
  you think libya would risk another war with the west ? 
  just need to show some balls here . 
  china seems to be doing a good job ... watch the documentary if you have the time . 
  i 've heard from many people this behavior is the norm in most african countries . 
   i really feel these people 's hardships and i am a strong supporter of a marshall plan like thing for africa . 
  wo n't [ work ] ( https://youtu.be/a0c4_88ub_m?t=1h13m9s ) they do n't have the will to make something out of it , it 's a culture thing ... watch the entire documentary , these people need a culture change , we 've been sending them shitloads of money only maintaining the status quo . 
  time for a different approach ... offer to colonize them again ... we 'll rebuild your countries in exchange for a certain part of the profits . 
  time to change some laws ... ah who am i kidding , welcome refugees !, 
   except we are just abiding by the eu rules . 
  when we did try to reject them , many years ago , guess what happened ? 
  the eu sanctioned us . 
  just imagine if they would have just accepted that back then ... we would n't be in this mess . 
  hope the gypsies will move to canada now, 
   the eu allows us to have a vote did we get fucked before the eu ? 
  or does common sense actually prevail sometimes ? 
  what about countries like singapore ? 
   then the us will just suspend all trade with you . 
   guess what your population will do if tomorrow whatsapp , instagram , google , snapchat , etc wo n't work anymore , their android and apple phones will stop working , and you got quite a lot of issues . 
  i do n't think they 'll do that , as it hurts them too ... sure they could , but why would they ? 
  they 'd alienate an ally ... 
  if they do we turn to russia , china or germany . 
  we 'll have telegram , somebody will reinvent hyves android works because it 's opensource . 
  anything is replaceable , just look at china . 
   especially with multinationals and treaties like tpp and ttip , we see the us try to force their laws more and more on other nations . 
  if they force that on us , it 's our politicians job to counter that ... vote against it . 
  we do n't need facebook and google , they need our market ... 
  i 'd be perfectly happy with hyves and ilse if it came down to that . 
  as for other us companies , fuck them we can set our own rules . 
   are they really competing ? 
  they 're basically satellites of the eu , and are n't competing with the us at all . 
  there 's no need to compete ... why would you want to compete ? 
  and on what level ? 
  it 's just trade , focus on what you 're good at ( transport , water-management , shipbuilding ) . 
  nrc is just as biased ... 
  there is no truly objective journalism in many cases , because you do n't deal with certainties and facts like science . 
  i read the ad , i think it 's fairly balanced and in the middle ... 
  however compared to nrc or the volkskrant they 're a bit more right wing . 
  you 're probably left-wing therefor you think the nrc is in the middle , and you might recognize joop.nl is somewhat more biased ... 
  however geenstijl nearly always provides sources , and you can make up your own mind ... as for breitbart , i think they 're less thorough than geenstijl in checking their sources and often draw the wrong conclusion . 
  so i read their blog , check their sources and decide whether i agree with their conclusion or not . . more often than not i do . 
  they do n't pretend to be a newspaper , and i read it like i would columns ... 
  but if they provide sources with their stories i do n't see how it ca n't be viewed the same as nrc or ad . 
  does not matter , what their intentions were ... 
  even if they just wanted to show we have jack shit to say ... 
  they got proven right again ( like with the constitution vote ) . 
  yeah it 's true it got diluted and i 'd rather have a nexit vote ... 
  but they wo n't allow that anytime soon . 
  that does not change the fact that like with our vote on the constitution nothing is being done about it . 
   competing with them is only possible if you 're similarly large and powerful . 
  the swiss seem to be doing ok , so are the norwegians and iceland ... 
  geenstijl uses sources other than themselves and give their opinion . . 
  i do n't see how that 's uninformed , or anything other than let 's say nrc , telegraaf , ad or any other newspaper . 
  no they 're saying we voted against the association agreement which we did ... 
  if you can point me to an article that states what you 're i 'll be very impressed , because usually they 're correct . 
  also do n't dismiss it because it 's a source you do n't agree with , they usually provide sources and you can check for yourself and make up your mind . 
  made up fake sob-stories and used them trying to make himself the hero and conscience of the nation ...
