   no , a treaty . 
  which is what you get when we keep being stuck in the national states paradigm . 
  how is that the fault of the eu ? 
  international coordination and uniformization of legislation is practically inevitable , because it 's so useful . 
  we can choose to let somebody else impose it on us , or partake in its creation by means of our place in the eu . 
  write it , or let someone else write it . 
  you 're the wet dream of the globalists and big companies ... 
  there is no ` we ' , if you 're a sovereign country you can decide what to ban and what not to ban , what companies to punish etc. . . now we get a secret eu court that trumps national courts . 
  and you say that 's inevitable ? 
  no i 'd rather let every country decide for himself what 's good ... at least you can hold them accountable after 4 years , now all they can say is well brussels orders it nothing we can do . 
   so you can vote for less taxes and more handouts ? 
  referendums are limited . 
  nobody knows why people vote like they vote on referendums from looking at the results . 
  did the proposal go too far , or not far enough ? 
  were a few crucial additional conditions enough , or is there fundamental disagreement ? 
  it 's impossible to tell from a referendum . 
  just as impossible to tell why people vote for certain parties , let 's just skip democracy all together ? 
  oh right you might actually be in favor of that ...  it 's inevitable not for me its not , what makes you think that ? 
  with your reasoning we 'll end up with 1 bank , 1 nation , 1 supermarket etc. . . 
  i think we need competition/diversity . 
  i do n't think wallmart is better than smaller grocery stores ... 
  in the short term you might have lower prices , more efficiency . 
  but local grocery stores , local retail . . 
  they all had a function that made a community . 
  where you want to go is amazon , wallmart , 1 bank , 1 government ... 
  i 'm willing to sacrifice for my neighbour , countrymen ... not for men that i 'll never meet or benefit from and have fucked up . 
  i hope we 'll never be just europeans , our history is too rich ... 
   the eu was never just a `` free trade agreement '' you should know that because you live in one of the fucking founding countries !, 
  i know it was n't but it should be know , it has surpassed it 's original goal ( preventing future war , economic integration ) and is now actually doing more harm ... 
  i can live with almost every agreement before 1992 , but we went astray after maastricht ... 
  the common coin , which they knew needed a common fiscal policy in the future , was a mistake ... 
  in their attempt to create a united states of europe they basically said fuck it , we 'll figure that out when the time comes . 
   it 's fine to have uber based in the netherlands and make revenue / charge me from there while i take a ride to my local shop . 
  but it 's not great if i want to study or work in maastricht . 
  again , fuck these double standards . 
  you can study all you want , as long as it 's equally beneficial . . 
  so you ( or your country ) either pays for it or we have an exchange program that equally benefits both ... why need the eu for that , we have students from korea/japan/china ... about uber , i do n't like them . 
  sure our taxi business is a mess , but i 'd rather have a local government controlled form of uber . 
  but i 'm not sure what your point is ...  i ca n't fanthom being a `` partner '' and doing business with other eu countries freely while having to apply for a visa if i actually have to make a business deal there . 
  you can make deals in the us right ? 
  just a little online application . . and if you do it often we automate it . 
  again missing the point i guess ... not sure where you 're from though . 
   yet one of the main arguments against the eu is that germany 's economically benefiting while poor countries are suffering . 
  well not sure about that but i think they also paid a shitload to save the euro and help greece ... maybe this is just a everybody loses kind of deal ? 
  they also say we benefit because we 're an exporting country . . 
  but other reports say the opposite . 
   which country does n't have politicians/bureaucrats ? 
  what kind of democracy does the eu lack ? 
  particularly since now the ec president is elected by the european parliament . 
  as a smaller nation you 'll have no say in your future if we keep this up ... 
  i do n't trust larger nations to vote in my best interest . 
  european elections are a farce , there is nearly no accountability because nobody knows what 's going on ... and who does what . 
  we voted against the constitution , and we got a constitution . . we voted against a trade-agreement with ukraine , we got a trade-agreement with ukraine . 
  we need more referendums , a swiss like system . 
  and them actually respecting it . 
  now this might be our fault for not reading enough about it , but i think we should stick to nation states . . bigger is not always better . 
  watch [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co4ayo4myzg ) it explains my problems with the eu quite well . 
   and what exactly is it you plan on trading with those other countries when we as a poor country can undercut you by two thirds on everything in any market ? 
  is the chinese phenomenon not obvious enough that 's economy 101 , you specialize ... why is everybody driving german cars and not chinese ones ? 
   we are `` poor '' because we sacrificed everything to be in this community , where we rightfully belong , and where we would have been if not for the fact that we were sold in to soviet slavery at yalta . 
  then that 's quite stupid is it not ? 
  you should have kept selling to those countries and be rich ... 
  i 'm not bashing eastern-europe here , in fact i think it will surpass us in 20/30 years at this rate ... 
  if you can keep your borders in check and keep fighting corruption . 
  so i might be seeking refuge in the future ... that 's why i wish you could get out of the eu when it does n't benefit you anymore , but it may be too late at that time . 
  however right now i 'm thinking in my own country 's best interest ... we can have nearly everything positive the eu has to offer without the undemocratic eu . 
  we should have the cooperation we had in 1992 , and stick to that ... getting rid of the euro would be a good start . 
   we are currently the largest economy in world . 
  to complain about this level of access to prosperity , is ludicrous . 
  i understand this from your point of view , being from a poor country . . 
  but the eu has fucked us over quite often , every rich country would be better of alone or together with other rich countries . 
  add to that the politicians/bureaucrats and lack of democracy , and you might understand why we are complaining ... and people like me want it gone . 
  we can start over with free trade-agreements like the one between canada/us/mexico . 
  we should have stopped years ago , and just stick to economic cooperation . . 
  the euro was a huge mistake , and the only way to get rid of if before it does more damage is to get rid of the eu . 
  i 'd be fine with eu like ties with germany/uk/norway / switserland/austria/luxembourgh / belgium ... 
  but that 's about it . 
  you 're presenting a false choice , the economy would still be there , only the bureaucratic influence and ever expanding union would not . 
  everything after the maastricht treaty was a huge mistake . . countries like greece , spain , italy and even france should not share a coin with counties like germany . 
  please do you part , hopefully we can follow suit after our next elections . 
  haha yeah that 's true , our standards are n't high ... 
  still good value for money on some items though . 
  they 've done a blind test between products from premium brands and lidl stuff , lidl won quite often ... 
  but again that might be our taste buds that never developed . 
  it 's useful to see for other people not in regular contact with these groups to show what they think , and let them know how ` powerful ' ( through all kind of subsidized projects ) they already are in bigger cities . 
  you need to know what to buy , some of it is quite good even when you 're nog on a budget ( netherlands ) . 
  why ?? 
  we do n't like the eu anymore ... you guys need to break down the first wall . 
  we also have students from korea/japan/china ... 
  they 're not in the eu . 
  for me it has become clear over the years ( 27 now ) that there are no good political parties ... 
  so i vote based on what i see as the biggest threat to our future . 
  in this case mass-immigration , i held different views when i turned 18 , still had hopes that it would improve ... 
  but generation after generation seems to turn out worse . 
  we put a hold to that , and the rest will come later ... 
  if not we 'll have serious social unrest for decades to come . 
  and we might see a balkanized western-europe, 
   that does n't seem to be the take-away message here . 
  europe has accepted hundreds of thousands of migrants and the vast majority of them are following our laws . 
  not in my country , they are over-represented in every bad statistic ...
