  while achieving nothing whatsoever , and to this day failed to provide us with all the information ( mh17 disaster ) . 
  he 's a pretentious dick for many reasons ... all the information i have on him is in dutch and it does not translate well . 
  everything is always about him , his manners etc. . 
  he 's a lapdog of juncker and nobody voted for him . 
  the most votes he 's ever gotten were 15.000 ( fifteen-thousand ) during the national elections of 2012 . 
  sorry , edited my post : https://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2014/10/het_is_gelul_het_was_gelul_en_het_blijft_gelul.html just search geenstijl for more articles on him , he 's a pretentious dick for [ many ] ( https://www.geenstijl.nl/fastsearch?query=timmerfrans&amp;zoek=zoek ) reasons . 
  he continued this lie even after it was public knowledge . .  https://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2014/10/het_is_gelul_het_was_gelul_en_het_blijft_gelul.html, 
  and as usual it seems to produce the exact opposite ... ca n't look at him without thinking about his lies after mh17 . 
  he 's a pretentious dick , and i 'm ashamed for him being dutch . 
  as a dutchman i 'd like to take this opportunity to apologize for this horrible human being . 
  who voted for him ? 
  swiss model for voting , democracy , citizenship and referendums . . eec like model would work for me . 
  i 'm dutch ... 
  although i agree we 're fucked , i do n't think it 's because of brexit . 
  for one economics is n't everything ... that being said , i think with either our own currency or one being tied to economies that are alike ( northern-europe , germany , etc. . ) would work better . 
  i 'm not proposing we go at it alone , i 'm proposing we blow up the eu ... and the euro with it . 
  and start over , and stop once we reach eec levels ( so no common currency ) . 
  we 've been getting screwed because we always play by the rules . 
  we 're saving , we 're not having budget deficits , we 're paying a shitload of eu tax ... we were a distribution country before the eu and that worked fine too ... keep as much of the good stuff as possible and get rid of the bad . 
  yeah we 're not holier than the pope ... not saying our way of life is better than that of italy/spain or whatever country . 
  if it works for them it works , the problem is trying to make it all work together ... as for the tax-havens yeah i 'm not a fan , but it 's up to the countries that get screwed to make laws against it ... 
  yeah that why we could share a currency with you guys , with greece/spain/italy / france , eastern-europe it 's a different story . 
  when talking macro-economics you have to talk about averages , in this case countries . 
  also it 's not prejudice it 's fact, 
   if country a and b have free trade , but a has a poorer working standard than b - a will outcompete b in almost all industries . 
  yeah it might not be 100 % free trade ... 
  i 'd rather have this discussion on a country per country basis as eu wide . 
  currency, 
   in my opinion it is the other way around : the eu is undemocratic and the smaller members are powerless because the eu is n't federal enough ; because crucial decisions are made on an inter-governmental level and then executed through technocratic . 
  and ironically the european people want even more of that , because it gives them the feeling that they have more control through their elected leaders , while it actually makes the eu even less democratic and takes even more power away from the smaller members . 
  sure , it would be more democratic . . 
  but the most democratic would be nations governing themselves , i 'd like to see the swiss model implemented . 
   yknow , like our king or the 2de kamer etc ) because you do n't just want to say immigration . 
  the king has no power , and the 2de kamer is elected ... 
  they can write the laws , in the eu the ones writing the laws are not elected . 
  they can only vote for or against it ... 
  how so ? 
  your point ? 
  i think the english , welsh and scottish share a common work ethic and tax and corruption culture ? 
  i 'm dutch , did n't do shit ... 
  although i voted against the constitution and ukraine , they both came anyway . 
  the eu in it 's current form and direction is not something i feel comfortable with ... and i do n't see it changing . 
  by current form i mean the people making laws are not elected , there 's a lack of democracy and an ever increasing drive to create a federal europe ... where ( smaller ) nations are basically powerless . 
  i want a europe that cooperates , has a free market but can make it own rules regarding immigration ( both inside and outside of europe ) ... 
  i do n't think southern , eastern , northern and western-europe should share a single coin . . 
  the cultures are too different . 
  they knew this but did it anyway . 
  they knew it would go wrong and then take the next step ( fiscal policy , more eu . . 
  etc. ) . 
  step by step till there 's no way back . 
  so while there are no immediate benefits to leaving , i do think everything we have can be achieved without the eu in it 's current form ... and instead of shipping shit loads of money east and south , we should just stick to free trade . 
  sure we can make it easier for people to get a work-permit , but only if they 're a benefit to the economy . 
  everyone knew the pound would dip by 15 % . 
  in the short run that was pretty obvious ... how much exactly nobody knows of course , it 's all speculation because nobody knows what will happen , what you 're seeing now is the uncertainty factor . . 
  if britain gets a decent deal it 'll bounce back . 
   that 's why the entire united kingdom converted their savings to eur/usd right after the vote and nobody lost any value !, 
  that makes no sense , regular people are not in a position to convert their money like that ... 
  they have to pay in pounds and will ride the storm . 
  i 'm actually still in favor of a #nexit , i know it 'll fuck up my country a bit in the short run ... 
  but i think in the long run it 's more beneficial to quit . 
  everybody knew this . . 
  the real effect can only be judged after a couple of more years . 
  does n't matter , migrants wo n't go if they know they ca n't stay ... or one could make a deal with two governments and decide not to pay for their own citizens . . 
  does n't matter , migrants wo n't go if they know they ca n't stay ... or one could make a deal with two governments and decide not to pay for their own citizens . . 
   the problem is illegal immigration . 
  hunt them down , ship them back to africa . 
  make a deal with some african country to pay them for every illegal immigrant they accept . 
  also border controls ... change asylum laws , and be pragmatic about it . 
   as we all know ataturk worked to be part of europe most of this seems to be moving backwards . . 
  while i think he was on the right path , there just was n't enough time to complete it ... to me there is a huge difference between turks , you have the ataturk supporters , usually liberal smart people ... then you have the backwards erdogan supporters who believe isis is actually mossad and cia . 
  sadly we have about 76 % erdogan supporters , and the rest of you guys is judged on their behavior . 
  ( this is overly generalized of course , but just a trend i 'm seeing in my own country ) while i get that with ` our ' behavior we might alienate the ` good ' turks it 's better than importing more the bad ones ... 
  so i 'm all for a hard stance against turkey/erdogan with the risks of it moving further backwards and i feel sorry for the liberal turks , but i just do n't see this turning around . 
  how do you view the support of the eu to remove the kemalist leaders from the military ? 
  all in the hope of creating a liberal democracy . 
   a mass repatriation will likely happen . 
  that 's not easy these days ... one would think some western-european countries would be actively doing that by now . 
  i wish we could pay a fine ... 
  anything up to 250.000 a head is fine with me . 
   in the 80s bulgaria actually started something called the revival process , in which they essentially banned the turkish ethnicity , religion and culture , and attempted to forcefully assimilate all turks in the country . 
  did it work ? 
   i do not see how there could be any comparison with the muslims in the netherlands , most of whom are probably recent immigrants . 
  they share the same religion . . 
  it 's a poison of the mind , not saying it manifests in all but they 're more likely to be influenced by islam/muslims from other countries than non-muslims . 
   muslims in bulgaria , on the other hand , are indigenous . 
  fair enough , if they 're a part of society and pay their part they should have the right to their own places of worship . 
  if they 've assimilated that should be the case ... 
  unlike our new arrivals . 
   hardly any funds have been allocated for muslim places of worship or for the education of muslim religious figures . 
  that 's a good thing ... give them a finger and they 'll take a hand at least that 's the case with the muslim community in our country . 
   had the bulgarian state actually met its responsibilities , there would have been no opportunity for foreign states to interfere . 
  make laws to counter that , problem solved . 
   multiculturalism = / = accepting sexual violence depends on what cultures ... but multiculturalism ( north-african/middle-eastern ) as used in the european setting kinda is . 
  how about cutting some costs . . work a little more efficient and have a little less generous pension ? 
  then again just tax us a little more we 'll be the first to pay in return for a small gesture like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frans_timmermans ) . 
  we choose to leave the eu . 
  we choose to leave the eu and do the other things , not because they are easy , but because they are hard , because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills , because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept , one we are unwilling to postpone , and one which we intend to win , and the others , too . 
  this is a breathtaking pace , and such a pace can not help but create new ills as it dispels old , new ignorance , new problems , new dangers . 
  surely the opening vistas of sovereignty promise high costs and hardships , as well as high reward we have had our failures , but so have others , even if they do not admit them . 
  and they may be less public .
