  threaten to stop trade-deals ... 
  threaten to send back turks living in europe ... we can play this game too , but we lack the balls . 
  i say we send the eastern-european leaders to do the negotiation . 
  oh yes so would i , he 's doing a fantastic job ( not sarcastic here ) ... but his internal policies are bad enough not to vote for him right ? 
  a lot of the reason he 's doing that well is because of europe 's weakness though ... not just because he 's a great leader . 
  i 'd like him go at it with the eastern-european leaders , i think we 'd see different solutions then . 
  is n't that support a result of the islam minded county-folk outnumbering ( breeding/more voting than before ? ), 
  the mostly concentrated in cities secular ataturk supporters ? 
  sure this might not help , but somewhat smart people would n't go supporting an islamist dictator just because they are n't allowed to join something . . 
  i 'm starting to think colonialism was n't such a bad idea ... 
  yes we ` raped ' some countries , but they 're even worse when running it themselves . 
  an other option is just swapping africa and the middle-east population with the native europeans and let us run africa and the me , think we 'll be able to rebuild it in a couple of decades into the most powerful continent on earth . 
  i like your optimism ... 
  but these people do n't really seem to care , when their group is large enough there 's very little you can do . 
  it 's because we have ( had ) a strong economy . . 
  but it 's hardly enough to do anything meaningful , germany and france hold the power . 
  the countries are being steered by the eu , who in turn steer nato . . 
  so it very much has at least indirect relevance . 
  atleast it would only take one overthrowing of a government to get rid of it , but that 's kind hard to do when you have next to zero influence unless you 're german . 
  yup . . 
  i bet he would n't even tried it if he knew this could be a possibility ... our leaders are too weak , erdogan ( although i despise him and his politics ) is strong and outplaying us . 
  not saying he 's doing a bad job , i 'm saying our leaders are ... 
  true . . that 's why we get the shitty ones , because for them it 's easier here :( . 
  erdogan is popular in our country ... should say enough . 
  like we have any values now . . ? 
  be pragmatic first , idealistic only when possible . 
  we 're huge weapons exporters , tolerated dictators for years ... we might as well stop pretending and do something useful . 
   you say europe , but you argue for nation states . 
  pick one . 
  estonia . 
  ( ukraine ?! ), 
  i never we said we ca n't work together , we just ca n't have a body above it making executive decisions . . we do it on a case by case basis , this would be one ... and you can see that if the anti-immigration parties are leading things get done about it ( eastern-europe ) . 
   of course , nato and eu are distinct things . 
  there is no need for eu for that . 
  ( so in a sense , moot point ) we can use nato , what moot point ? 
  i have no problems with hegemonic powers in the region , as long as we make our own laws ... 
  yes we 'll be dependent on how well our neighbours are doing , but we 'll always be . 
  but i do have a problem with them directly dictating our nation 's affairs ...  the idea that one large state is easier to manipulate than a dozen smaller ones is laughably untrue . 
  even back when machiavelli was writing , it was a truism that a dozen competing client states is the desirable state of affairs for any power . 
  and thus the fear of the unification of germany in the 19th century . 
  how so ? 
  ttip etc. . are easier to push through the eu than it would through individual nation states . 
  because the politicians of nation states will actually have to answer for it . 
  ( yet is theory so does the eu , but how well does that really work ? ), 
   us who ? 
  the european countries ... the eu as it stands now . 
  germany threatens to leave nato is turkey does n't comply . 
  greece could deploys it 's navy , so do other european countries ...  australia is not shipping the boats `` back '' , they are shipping them to places like nauru , which they can do because they have a deal with that country , and australia is in the middle of the ocean and the number of migrants they have even at the peak is utterly insignificant compared to europe . 
  i 'm sure we can make a deal with some libyan warlord . .  no , but you do need to conduct a military invasion , and the public support for boots-on-the-ground mission in europe is pretty much zero . 
  you also need to rationally justify the costs of using force to essentially conquer territory just to use it for refugee camps , and that 's pretty difficult to justify . 
  just show people what refugees/migrants are really costing us , and people will pay ... also libyan warlords want money , we have no troubles making deals with a islamist dictator now , might as well deal with another less known one . 
  it may not be the end of it , but the eu is n't making it any better ... 
  i do n't believe we 'll see a full out war in europe between europeans again ... ( maybe the balkans ) . 
  what is stopping us to threaten to throw turkey out of nato ? 
  i bet there is support among the people ... what is stopping us from deploying the navy and shipping those boats back like australia ? 
  what 's stopping us from buying desert in libya and building camps there ? 
  you do n't need to be a dictator for that ? 
  yet they give a dictator money ... to do absolutely nothing , and have been betraying their people for decades now . 
  30 years ago people might not have seen the consequences but today it should be clear for everyone . 
   dream on . 
  even if those `` inevitable '' changed were to occur , the new regimes would still be limited by the exact same obstacles as the present governments are . 
  and they would come down to the exact same solutions in the end . 
  the only thing that would differ is how badly they fuck up the eu in the process . 
   it 's easy to talk the talk and spin fantasy tales while you sit in the opposition bench and you can easily avoid responsibility for anything that happens . 
  sitting in the government cabinet and having to make executive decisions is a different matter entirely . 
  it 's all about what you 're willing to do . . do you think our politicians would ever pull a power play like putin 's crimea ? 
  no ... because all they see is obstacles , sometimes you have to stand your ground and take some risks ... 
  but they 're not willing to do that , and everybody knows . 
  we 're being played , we used to be feared all around the world . . now we 're laughing stock standing idly by while our continent is slowly turned to shit . 
  think outside the box ... show some guts . 
  we 're the only ( wannabe - ) superpower bound by international laws . . other do n't give a shit , but we always have to follow every rule to the letter . 
  yeah , they 're the ones seeing it happen first ... as for the real low-lives they see their own lives threatened i guess , because we 'll have less money left for them  interesting times ahead of us , i hope we can turn it around without a revolution ... 
  if we do n't turn it around either with or without a revolution , i see ( western - ) europe being piss-poor have-beens in 30-40 years . 
  having sectarian tensions and maybe worse ... 
   low-life people were complaining about this last summer already you mean hardworking people living in poorer areas seeing their cities go to shit ? 
  then yes they 've been complaining for a while now . 
  when countries tried to ship some back they were punished by eu courts ... also no borders because of schengen , if i had a neighbor throwing shit in my garden everyday i sure as hell would build either a high wall or kick his ass ... 
  yet within our countries we did n't have enemies anymore , sure the balkans do ... 
  but most others are pretty settled . 
  the only thing changing that is the import of people with conflicting cultures and ideologies ... 
  so yeah we might have that problem again in the future , but i 'm willing to risk it if we can stop that flow . 
  syrians had some modern cities . . 
  still many stupid religious idiots as the support for isis shows . 
  i believe we 've outgrown that . . 
  if not i 'd rather have a few nations states go at each other than super powers . 
  maybe the balkans because there are still people living within single countries that hate each other ... 
  but inside europe we 're pretty settled . 
  the only thing that can change that is importing people that will hate each other , sadly that 's what we 're doing . 
  no only kabul was modern ... those people fled to europe and other nations . 
  also one does not simply invade europe like one would afghanistan . 
  tell that to germany . . still a huge force after two world wars . 
  their decline is imminent though , a sad story but eventually they 'll be destroyed from the inside out . 
  we the people are their opponent , they 're just uniting the ones that control us ... 
  so they 're uniting their allies . 
  by allowing the unlimited import of a violent religion ... and people that have a conflicting culture , the natives will eventually rise up to that , if they do n't they 'll start fighting among themselves like they are fighting in their own countries . 
  it is , but at least as a sovereign nations you have the possibility to change course ... we 're a lot easier to control as a single power , because we can do fuck all if the eu decides something . 
  there 's no way to change course ... atleast i know who 's fucking up in my own country , how am i supposed to know who 's fucking up in europe ? 
  and as a small nation we have no say whatsoever ... germany holds the power . 
  we have no power to stop them from fucking up our country ... you can always switch allies , but now we ca n't because we 've committed ourselves to the us and their corporations . 
  we 're civilized people . . we 've had our wars , the eu is what 's leading to war these days .
