  yeah question is , is that something you want . . 
  the world could do with less people . . 
  but importing more stupid people making babies will just replace the smart people , and bring educations levels down ... 
  going into a vicious cycle . 
  read this comment in the other thread :  as usual the statistics used are relative to the total population , and they always restrict them to muslims instead of non europeans , with the intent of diluting the natives ' fear of being displaced . 
  of course people overestimate these numbers , because they extrapolate from what they see in city centres and in schools and they incorrectly assume the religion from the apparent ethnicity . 
   the ratios among children give a much better description of the future demography than any data which include the elderly . 
  in 2015 , 27.5 % of live births in england and wales were from foreign born mothers ( ons [ 1 ] ) and 38.5 % of newborns in continental france ( where statistics on ethnicity are illegal ) were judged in conditions to warrant a test for sickle-cell disease , an inherited disorder which hardly affects any native western european ( afdphe [ 2 ] ) . 
  the numbers were 13.1 % in 1997 , before it began rapidly increasing during blair 's administration , and 20 % in 2000 , respectively . 
  the situation is even more extreme in urban areas : two thirds of schoolchildren in birmingham are not ethnically european [ 3 ] and 70 % of children under 6 in frankfurt have an immigrant background [ 4 ] . 
   [ 1 ] ons . gov.uk / peoplepopulationandcommunity/birthsdeathsandmarriages/livebirths / bulletins/parentscountryofbirthenglandandwales/2015  [ 2 ] afdphe . org/sites/default / files/bilan _ afdphe_2015 . pdf page 63  [ 3 ] telegraph . co.uk / news/uknews/immigration / 10401771/fewer-than-a - third-of-birmingham-schoolchildren-are-white-report-finds . html  [ 4 ] uni-stuttgart . de/zlw/bilder / stuttgart_6_2016_el-mafaalani . pdf page 5 credits go to / u/kingofthedove, 
  nah they 're still think the same i think , it 's just that back then you could n't call them crazy yet because the signs could still be ignored . 
  and if you did n't live in a poor area of the city there was n't that much contact . 
  but the past 10 years so much has changed that if you still ignore it or ca n't admit your mistake , you must show some real wishful thinking and ignorance . 
  thus becoming extreme left . 
  eu `` peace-keeping '' force ? 
  if extreme left becomes the new standard , then everything even slighty from the middle will be alt-right . 
  although i think this is more globalist vs nationalist , the left should be fighting against globalism/federalism because it destroys the native working class . 
  if the majority of the natives still agree with the path were on i 'm not going to endanger my life to do something about it ... 
  i 'll draw my conclusions and save myself . 
  haha no i think we should just ` buy ' a part of the desert and rebuild it ... make camps , and ship them all there . 
  select the ones who are 100 % refugee and deserving ( skills , family , atheist , christian ) of a permanent home in europe , let them sign a contract to respect the secular/liberal values and if they do n't send them back to one of those camps . 
   lybian stabilization plan like a colonization plan ? 
  just like it 's illegal to bomb them ? 
  oh wait there 's political will to do that ... 
  yeah , 30 years from now the full extend of the damage done will become impossible to ignore for everybody ... ill be 58 by then , hope i can move somewhere east before that . 
  no when we talk about moroccans we talk about the scumbags you see on crime tv-shows , the ones that run the drugscene , the ones that harass women ... who do n't respect police and everything dutch . 
  we are not talking about law-abiding citizens who are being hurt just as much as the native population because they get identified with these assholes ... and geert wilders said time and time again , he wants to deport criminals ... not the few good ones we have . 
  not saying this it is my opinion ... 
   why is this not a standard procedure for all asylum seekers in schengen zone ? 
  because it 's racist , xenophobic and these people need our help ... everybody would lie in their case , they do n't know any better . 
  ( i 'm sure there are more reasons ) . 
  also there 's a big industry making a lot of money from the current status quo . 
  ** edit : ** thought it was pretty clear , but some need the / s tag . 
  they kindly request you to go home and give you a couple of thousand euro 's , [ source ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/norway-paying-asylum-seekers-to-return-home-as-refugee-crisis-continues-a6763496.html ) . 
  every country has this ... 
  if you do n't you can still live here in the netherlands , but you do n't get benefits . 
  unless you 're a lobbyist i do n't think it 'll accomplish much . 
  it is these days , although not new it 's our ( former/descendants of/newly ) imported folks who are the most antisemitic these days . 
  we felt pretty bad after ww2 ... 
  so hating jews was pretty much not done afterwards . 
  i guess only time will tell , but the signs are there ... we were close before , and nothing changed so we 'll be close again . 
  the euro has fundamental problems , you can not have a single currency without a single fiscal and monetary policy ... that 's a fundamental problem . 
  and they 're trying to push both those things through , but as long as that does n't happen it 's doomed to fail sooner or later . 
  also the huge difference in the strength of the relative countries , means the better countries need to subsidize the poorer countries . . like the us states do with the underperforming states . 
  the difference is that in the us there 's solidarity for that , while in the eu there does n't seem too much of that . 
  so unless that 's being adressed and taken care of the euro will collapse eventually . 
  it 's one crisis away from completely collapsing ... none of the fundamental problems have been adressed , and all we 've done is inflate a bubble like the americans did . 
  jihadi recruiter working as a youth coach ... [ source ] ( https://www.parool.nl/parool/nl/4/amsterdam/article/detail/3794568/2014/11/20/jihadronselaar-bilal-30-is-nu-jongerenwerker-in-amsterdam.dhtml ) i guess you might discredit the source , but follow the links in the article and make up your own mind . 
  many more of these cases exist : [ source 2 ] ( https://www.geenstijl.nl/5136942/pvda_moslimkartel_roundup/ ), 
  we 've been hugging them for years here in the netherlands ... 
  they still despise us although they tend to blow themselves up a little less than some other countries i guess . 
  this may work in the short run , for these jihadis . 
  but think of the message this is sending the native population . . 
  it 's a slap in their face , and we see society as a whole moving the the right . 
  like the article already touches upon , we hold our natives to a different standard ... 
  trying our best to be all inclusive we tend to adjust standards , not only with migrants but also with women for example . 
  in the public sector it 's no longer based on merits but your gender or background that grants you certain jobs ... 
  trying to represent society as it 's called . 
  and i guess it 's only a matter of time before companies are forced to do the same . 
  that 's where things go wrong if you ask me , all those affirmative actions ... 
  letting them get away with things a native would not , this is an extreme example ... 
  but it 's happening in much subtler cases all over , it 's ok to hate gays if you 're a muslim , it 's your culture . 
  that would not fly as a native , christianity lost it 's protective status a long time ago . . and were ridiculed and it 's time the same thing is done with islam . 
  it 's the people that make the country , africa should be the richest continent on earth ... 
  yet it 's the shittiest . 
   if it 's a long-term thing , it seems better to train and equip regular civilian police to be more comfortable with violence than to call upon an army with limited civilian interaction training potato/potato ... then we 'll have regular police patrolling the streets with automatic weapons , although i trust a trained soldier more with those kinds of weapons than the people you see in the police force these days . 
   limited civilian interaction training . 
  this goes for a lot of police too , common sense does n't seem to be common these days . . 
  although we seem to be doing a hell of a lot better than a lot of countries . 
  although some groups of people would benefit from a military approach of discipline and respect for authority . 
   as for the army , by that time we really should have an eu army to call upon if necessary . 
  nah i 'll pass , still have some hope for a non dystopian future ... eu army deployed in the streets will mean a full implementation of the united states of europe , which means we 'll be a lot worse of than we are now . 
  i hope the v4 will have seceded before that happens so i can claim refuge there . 
  probably a diabetic with low blood sugar , we had an incident in amsterdam not too long ago ... 
  give it 10-15 years , we 'll have the same ... just hope we have some military left by then . 
  shooting pang-pang because there are not bullets left might be funny to [ some ] ( https://twitter.com/apechtold/status/627540480121769984 ) but it 's kind of worrying . 
  we just had elections , we 've chosen pro-eu once again ... 
  i do n't think there will be a referendum this time . 
  so we 're fucked ... 
  soon coming to your own local city in western/northern-europe !, 
  not sure what 's worse . . if it 's all a plan or just sheer incompetence . 
   now we know islamism is bad and should n't be a tool . 
  yeah but it 's not like we 're acting on it now :(, 
   on the other hand i 'm all for removing them from the equation and getting them into the nearest prison/rehabilitationcentre so they ca n't do further harm . 
  why not hunt them down like the french do ? 
   so all in all i guess that capturing them so they ca n't do more harm is the best course . 
  this costs a shitload of money , and sooner or later they 'll be on the streets again . . 
  so after a couple of years they are free to attack the society that has given them a third chance . 
  that 's what 's so strange these days , left used to protect the interest of the working class ... 
  if there was a left-liberal but anti non-western immigration party they would get my vote . . 
  sadly such parties are hard to find . 
  while it only makes sense to me . 
  is n't it mostly the corrupt ruling class that profits ? 
  this whole freedom of movement might sound good in principle but it really is n't for the general population in my eyes . 
  the people who profit are business owners in the west and development money takers in the east ... 
  the regular people in the west have to compete with the people from the east in a race to the bottom with wages ( and you in turn just import them from ukraine for example , who 'll have nobody left after this mess i think , except a few oligarchs sponsored by the eu ) . 
  is this really better than when we had separate countries and borders . . and only let people work here if we did n't have them ourselves . . 
  i doubt it ( speaking from a western-european point of view ) . 
  i also do n't believe for europe as a whole this is any good ...
