   is to pull out of the eu completely , and put fences on the borders with belgium and germany . 
  you and i both know that wont happen , but if the eu does n't change it needs to go . . therefor i 'll vote pvv , any coalition partner will want to stay in the eu so there 's some bargaining to be done ... 
  overall a big pvv would be a huge help to shift the political arena . 
  it 's already working without even having had elections , all of the sudden the migrants streams can be closed ... 
  while we had months/years of ` no nothing is possible ' . 
  so to keep them sharp i 'll keep voting pvv , untill the other parties adopt his policies like they did with pim fortuyn 's . 
  it 's the only reason i 'll vote pvv , i know they wo n't rule but they 'll influence politics without being involved . 
  vote more extreme in the hope that it shifts the entire arena ... 
  i think a lot of people are doing so . 
  pim fortuyn was once considered extreme . . yet everybody except for a few would now agree with his solutions or at least view of the immigration problems . 
   your way involves pseudo-security with cameras , which does n't prevent shit . 
  we could also get more medieval on their asses and use violence ... 
  it may not be pretty but violence works in a lot of cases . 
  i 'm glad most in our society have become more civilized , but in these cases the mentality they have elsewhere would work wonders here . 
  hopefully more and more will realize ... and vote/acte accordingly . 
  woman used to be very pro-migrant ( at least vocally ) but that 's changing i think . 
  lock them up , simple as that ... build refugee camps . 
  process them 1 by 1 ... and send the rest of them straight back , if their country wo n't take them we lock them up till their country decides to take them back . 
  boyfriend maybe , but husband material is something else . 
  even if it 's the case it 's better than them having their own inbred wives , they 'll be more likely to produce inbred children . 
  it 's a real problem for moroccans already ... 
  if it 's safe enough to leave your family behind then you 're no longer a refugee , from that moment on ( the time they enter a country that 's not at war and where they 're not prosecuted ) you stop being a refugee . 
  in the country they enter first i consider them refugees , the countries they enter afterwards without being asked to come i count them as economic migrants . 
  and that 's the problem , not them getting no language lessons . 
  yeah it 's the rights that need changing . 
  which makes them economic migrants . . we can turn them away , because their family is n't in immediate danger , or they would have brought them along . 
  most males wo n't reproduce ... or at least i think the native population can do better . 
  so while it may increase rape numbers it may be better in the long term . 
  so how difficult is it to learn your language , and will you accept refugees/economic-migrants from western-europe ( natives ) in the near future ? 
   violence only creates more violence . 
  not if one group completely overpowers the other ... 
  it 's not only the funding but the entire mentality of police and the people . 
  i do not condone violence normally , but for these people it seems to be the only thing that they respect . 
  it 's been creeping up slowly . . gradually increasing . 
  so gradual it has become the new normal . 
  people are starting to react to it though , but it 'll take some more time . 
  it works ... 
  i wish we grew some balls again . 
   this same thing is the quran approved way to handle non-muslims in sharia law . 
  ah well then at least they would agree ... and about the shitton of muslims in europe i 'd like to see a lot of them ( criminals , people on benefits ) return to their homeland or the homeland of their parents ... we should provide incentives for that . 
  nah i like to protect women and young children . . 
  they ca n't fend for themselves . 
  yeah sure you have some crazies . . but they 're less dangerous i think ? 
  if we only let in females then we can at least be sure there 's no pressure from outside forcing them to be the way the are . 
  also we have a huge problem with maroccans while most females seem to be doing a lot better , a lot of them wo n't actually date maroccans because even they do n't like them . 
  i think without societal pressure you wo n't find many women wearing a headscarf in a western country ... 
  most of them would want to find a partner , and since we do n't let any males in they 'd be forced to date natives ... good luck with that wearing a scarf . 
  plus their children will be half european , so that problem is solved too . 
  yeah , and only allowing children is ageist ... 
  still think the woman are less likely to rape , harass and or disrespect the local population . 
  even though it 's been getting a lot better lately ( they 're being forced out of the city ) there 's no need to read it . 
   let 's refuse entry to ~ ~ violent , ~ ~ young men . 
  i 'm honestly divided on the issue , some part of me thinks show them you 're strong and they 'll think twice . 
  now obviously i 'm not talking woman and children here ... 
  but we had a terrorist captured in rotterdam , his brother said nah it 's normal for him to have an ak74 . 
  everybody has one . . not showing any remorse whatsoever . 
  i think we should go after these people , financially , legally , anything possible just make life here as hard as possible ... also those who harbor them and their families , follow them 24/7 ... stop them to check them every time they get in their car or out of the door . 
  that is for homegrown terrorist . 
  it will send a signal i 'll fuck up the life of my family if i do this . 
  as for imported terrorists ... find brothers/fathers/cousins all the people close to them and kidnap them , at least until he gives himself up . 
  you might have to set some precedent to prevent suicide ( by cop ) , by harming a couple of them . 
  then find out who worked with him ... after you verified all that let the family go . 
   i hate to be that guy ... but who does the classification of terrorist threat ? 
  let 's start with any male aged 12-70 , muslim who ca n't identify himself ... 
  but i s likely from a country that 's not at war . 
  we can build camps ca n't we ? 
  we do it with every disaster ... just put a wall around it , provide them some incentive to be truthful or stuck in a camp ... let 's see how fast they can prove who they are . 
  then talk to the country to take them back , if they do n't put sanctions ... maybe some country is even willing to house the ones with no place to go for a small fee , so the camps can stay small . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/30/world/europe/russia-chechnya-caucasus-terrorists-families.html?_r=0 ) might be an appropriate response ... 
   unfortunately any way to stop these acts have long ago passed . 
  true , but it might be smart to stop increasing the odds :( sadly instead of decreasing the odds by stopping and deporting people who are more likely to do these kinds of attacks they 're increasing mass-surveillance and spying on their own citizens . 
  quite sure sometime soon this attack will be a reason to place cameras everywhere ... 
  yeah , and we 're helping them succeed by bringing in millions more ... and not doing anything to stop the spread of their religion . 
  it 's insane that 's we 're bringing an even more cancerous religion into a society that was well on it 's way of getting rid of it ... 
  this clash will come sooner or later , these terrorist might be a blessing in disguise actually ... 
  if they had waited a few more generation we would have stood no chance . 
  not sure if we 'll make it now , but at least more and more people seem to be waking up in time . 
  in the age of facebook it should n't be that hard , 99 % of them showes up with a smartphone . . we fail to even check those . 
  no make a deal with a 3rd world country , like the uae does ... as soon as we fix this people will even stop bothering to show up, 
  quite a lot of them have two passports . . just take away their passport and send them on holiday . 
  pressure those countries to take them back , might even give them some financial incentive . 
  if you 're speaking in those terms then i ` lll risk taking the lifeboats and see where and when we can rebuild , because staying on this ship wo n't do any good . 
  sure those parties are n't perfect , but at least they 'll try to fix our biggest threat . 
   and taught everyone that he ca n't be trusted . 
  everybody who thinks there are politicians this high up that can be trusted must have himself checked ... 
  it 's not about trust , it 's about sending a signal to change course . 
  our national politicians have no real power either way , but maybe a giant victory for all that 's anti-immigration will send a signal to our friends who actually do hold power ... 
  if not it 'll be the population changing course in another way . 
  but there will also be a lot of people who will vote for him ... a few more attacks , a few more rapes and he 'll win by a large margin . 
  but he wo n't rule either way unless he gets close to 50 % of the vote , which wo n't happen in this election . 
  so he will win , but at the same time he wo n't be able to rule . 
  ask the romans . . sure we might eventually recover , but it might take centuries . 
  let 's hope the christians can protect themselves this time ... 
  only christians from muslim countries are in need of refuge ... 
  so no it 's just as disturbing , although they might be less likely to blow themselves up . 
   change our economical models and rearrange our social systems basic income , less taxes for working parents , cheap housing for working parents ... 
  but we need damn good systems in place to not get taken advantage of . 
  on the other hand make sure non working parents are persuaded to have less children ... 
  so offer a nice reward for unemployed people to get sterilized , so you support them with the children they already have , while making sure they do n't get any more . 
  but it all comes down to letting the old generation die off and reaching a new equilibrium ... those would always have been hard times , but they 'll be even harder now .
