  by trying making my local community a better place i hope it dripples down . 
  we ca n't go and make the world a better place , it has to come from within a community ... we can only try to support initiatives like education etc. 
   i say this because my father was a refugee from columbia . 
  if he was n't accepted in the netherlands , then i would n't have been born here . 
  how many colombians are causing troubles these days ? 
  even though my current view says that your father should have been supported by a neighbouring country , i do n't think it 's very harmful in those numbers . 
  and i support taking in some of those cases . 
  [ imagine however a million of the most religious colombians coming here and protesting against abortion and harassing women , that would bother me ... but colombians i like , i dated one  ] however it 's all about numbers ... 
  it 's unsustainable and will cost europe dearly . 
   if i could give up my own home just to give somebody the smallest spark of hope , i would do it without giving it a second thought . 
  that 's noble too , have you read the stories about people taking in minors who turn out to be 25y + and turn violent ? 
  i 'd think twice ... 
  however these are problems on a larger scale , if a man/woman/child comes knocking on my door i 'll help them . . 
  if they shit on my family i kick them out . 
  however if a million come knocking i ca n't determine friend from foe , and i wo n't endanger my family . 
  ( you might say most of them are not bad , yet it turns our most of them are at the very least weighing us down ) yet that 's what we 're doing . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that you have to be practical and look at the big picture , not the individual cases . 
  no i wish they were stealing jobs , they do n't work ( because they 're not qualified for our economy ) . . that 's part of the problem . 
  they wo n't fuck ours kids because most wo n't have them ... what they 'll do is import their brides and keep segregated ( and harass other women in the meantime ) . 
  just look at what happened in rotterdam , and then to think that turks are actually a success story compared to somalians or morrocans . 
  please show me the facts . . 
  i 'm very grateful for the things our forefathers did ... a million tragedies sure , but why do we need to suffer too ? 
  why not set the right example of how a country should be run ? 
  invest in education ... show that religion is poison instead of welcoming it in a continent that has worked so hard to get rid of it . 
  if we import all those people here , we 'll be in the same boat ... a people make a country , if we would switch and leave everything behind to start over in africa . . and sent all those people here . 
  what do you think the world would look like a 100 years from now ? 
  we need birth-control and education to be our main exports ... for the countries that do n't want it we say good luck have it your way , and shut them off till they realize that 's the only way . 
  yes that wo n't happen because of the money hungry people in power , but why do the regular people of europe need to suffer ? 
  i feel for real refugees , but most of them are not ... those who can spare 3000 euros for a journey are well off . 
  we have no obligation to care for them ... we can not take care of the whole world , where do you draw the line ? 
  better make europe the best we can , and show the rest of the world how it 's done ... that means : no corruption , no religion , education . 
  not importing people with backward views who 'll bring us down ... every individual case is a tragedy , yet europe is small and fragile , you ca n't import conflicts idiotic religions from all over the world in your backyard . 
  oh and ps : yes i get to enjoy this wealth , and i 'd like my children to enjoy the same . 
  at this pace they wo n't , hell even i 'm not in the position my parents were . 
  i 'd like them to grow up being able to discuss things like the holocaust at school ... or wearing what they want , and not be seen and treated as whores . 
  most that come here are not refugees , they 're economical migrants . . 
  i ca n't blame them i would do the same in their position . 
  for me the real refugees are those without money sitting in camps , if you can afford 3000 dollar to get on a boat you 're well off . 
  i do n't think it 's up to us to take care of them ... 
  simple as that . 
  every individual case is a tragedy , but them as a whole ( including real refugees and economical migrants ) are a tragedy for europe . 
  yes they are people , but we ca n't help the whole world . . 
  unless you want to colonise them again . 
  you thought geertje did n't you ? 
  nah he 's not going to make a difference . . due to getting the fortuyn treatment he was n't able to surround himself with capable people ... 
  he played his role but he overplayed his hand , now lets hope this greaseball can make a change . 
  i do n't like the guy but i agree with most of his program , and for now most of the people do n't paint him as a white supremacist racist ( yet ) ... maybe they can become a big party , if there are not too many scandals ( although i fear where their money came from ) . 
  fvd were you right ? 
  why is it not an option ? 
  we have a navy/military they can start protecting europe 's outer border ... just drop them back where they came from . 
  ok it may not be lawful , but then we might have to change a law or two . 
   europe 's options for `` blocking '' refugees are very limited and would result in a lot of deaths of people , women and children included . 
  there are dozens/hundreds of people drowning each week as it is . 
  people drown because we are picking them up from the libyan coast and transporting them to italiy , sometimes we miss a boat . 
  if people know they are deported without questions they would no longer come . . 
  simple as that . 
  when they saw they could not cross through eastern-europe they stopped . 
  we can force them back on the lybian coast , what 's libya going to do if we do so ? 
  one month of that and it 'll stop . 
  we 're responsible for those deads because we give them the illusion they 're welcome here . 
  or just outright block them ? 
  use force if we have to , set our navies to patrol the seas ... no need for all this nonsense . 
  i hope sylvana does n't find out ... 
  do n't count on it ... 
  the left often sees themselves as right , and better than the lowlife scum that votes against them ... take the guy that murdered fortuyn , or the guy that helped jesse klaver get to where he is ( duyvendak ) . 
  they 're as dangerous as the far-far-far-right ( neo-nazi style ) , yet are n't seen for what they are . 
  maybe he/she will grow up , maybe not ... maybe it 's a troll , who knows . 
  i ca n't be bothered . 
  yeah a negative travel advice should be sufficient . 
  them getting to know our secret dealings through the ` commisie stiekem ' is very worrying , everything will go directly to ankarra . 
  because they are the ones to notice the most of the immigration issues , they deal with these people everyday . 
  makes complete sense ... 
  they ( used to ) live in the areas where they settled , they go to the same schools etc. 
  we can build walls , and deport them ( you see what happened when we shut down the balkan route ? 
  we can do the same with other routes . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't try to help them fix their issues , ( by investments , not aid ) ... 
  but we ca n't have their backwards culture here . 
   you mean r/iamverysmart material with a tinge of neo-nazism ... yeah , there 's no perfect party ... 
  although they said the same of pim fortuyn , and now even pvda is agreeing with him . 
  that 's exactly what most pvv voters want , not a lot of us are stupid enough to actually want them in complete charge . 
  all i want is the center to move to the right when it comes to immigration/assimilation ... my vote was going to the pvv ( bosma ) , but since the center seems to be moving and pvv is not likely to rule i 'm going to give it the fvd , hopefully they can become a good party with intelligent people without the pvv taboo attached . 
  at the same time i 'm old and wise enough to know nothing will change after this election , and that it might take another few cycles before we really get our shit together ( neuro/zeuro , bringing back the eu to it 's first basic form ) ... 
  but i hope fvd can be a big party by then , because with the pvv nothing will change since nobody will work with them . 
  that being said geert wilders has played an important role in this nations history , and i 'm thankful for filling the void after pim fortuyn ... hopefully for him at least history will acknowledge that . 
  but for me he 's not fit to lead the country , due to his history and divisiveness that it will cause . 
  true , but the general idea is that we 're very calm/down-to-earth and not very emotional ... as i 've been told by many foreigners , that 's the way they view the dutch . 
  we did do it , but in a rather more sophisticated way . 
  i can only hope this new found courage and being proud of our country remains after the elections, 
  oh you 're way to sensitive about it ... 
  if you 're really dutch you should act like the rest of us and laugh it off . 
  only the people directly involved back then might feel bad about it , but i 'm quite sure most of us do n't give a fuck . 
  no , she broke the law by coming here under false pretenses . 
  we gave the turks places to protest , yet they went somewhere else and these people told them too . 
  nah this would n't have happened if it was n't for the election . . 
  the vvd is constantly trying to get voted from pvv , so they need to look strong . 
  but i like this stance , i hope they now see we still have some power ... and use it more in global politics , if we move the eu has to move with us . 
  but we did n't realize this before . 
  let 's hope there are some generals left that still have some power . 
  yeah the idea is good , but i 'm not so sure we actually enforce it . 
  i 'm actually quite sure we do n't , i believe we only give less benefits .
