  the only thing you could say is that like erdogan he plays his cards right , his party ( i think largely due to the taboo still on it ) consists of many idiots , i would n't trust to let pvv have members till it matures a bit . 
  not a wilders fan , but he 's the only one preaching a solution to our biggest problem at the moment ... 
  so he 's got my vote till someone better comes a long ( i 'd like to see bosma take over ) . 
  no , but it 's in the interest of some very powerful people/corporations to set an example ... 
  it 's part of why i think we 'd be better of alone as a trading country ( netherlands ) . 
  now the uk has to renegotiate deals with the eu ... 
  but spain has interests , france has interests , germany has interests ... and they 're often not the same as our interests . 
  and as a small country we do n't have a lot of negotiation power . 
  so i 'd rather have individual deals that benefit us , and if a country wants to protect a certain industry/market we make a deal with another country ... competition is good . 
  i 'm well aware it also works the other way , but i think we were off a lot better with the just the eec . 
   however , they wo n't make it through this unscathed . 
  all economic experts agree . 
  all major banks internationally have set aside massive cash reserves for this very event . 
  the gbp is at a 30 year low ... 
  it 's not looking good right now for the uk . 
  i wonder how much of it will be deliberate . . to put fear in the other countries . 
  in theory you can make the same deals outside of the eu , but they probably wo n't allow that . 
   if countries get the same deal outside of eu , or if they can cherry pick which parts of eu they want and which parts they do n't , then the eu de facto does n't exist anymore . 
  in it 's current form i 'd say good riddance , back to the eec . 
  yeah , that would prove them right . . 
  so they 'll be fucked over to put fear in the rest of us . 
  it 's a self-fulfilling prophecy ... 
  if you leave you 'll be fucked , but not because of economic reasons , but because we 'll fuck you over . 
  i would urge my government not to fuck them over . . everybody should be able to leave without vengeance , it 's like a break up . 
  better be adults about it , however i 'm guessing they 'll try to make an example of britain in the hopes to keep the rest together . 
  i hope they succeed , and hopefully we can follow suit ... 
  however it 'll be a bit worse for us at the start because we have to ditch the euro . 
  because i do n't like being someones lap dog ... 
  i do n't think the us is inherently better for europe than russia or china . 
  we should stay neutral , get strong enough ourselves not to get bullied around and be our own man . 
  look at all the destabilizing acts by the us from the past decades , i think if we left nato and started investing ourselves the world would be better off . 
  not an expert but the fact remains they attacked quite a bit more or is that also false ? 
  ah fuck you 're probably right , not used to that on here . 
   just like christian extremist , circa 1570 's not quite the [ same ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_to-cv94bo ) . 
  ** edit : ** sorry missed the sarcasm . 
  because i found this part particularly impressive ... everybody can see/find more if they want . 
  agree with most of your views , but some remarks :  it 's a strange and ironic self-criticism to suggest that a culture with a massive majority ca n't sustain itself in the face of a tiny change in ethnic makeup . 
  the criticism becomes even more bizarre when the same people talk about how [ insert minority here ] ` do n't integrate ' - if a tiny enclave can manage to sustain its ` way of life ' while surrounded by a massive foreign majority , why might we suppose the british are unable to do the same ? 
  the thing is that we 're too tolerant , a little lackluster and accepting of the status quo , most perceive it as weak ... 
  i see this situation more as as some hyenas who perceive a group of lions as weak , while all he wants to do is rest a little . 
  you fuck with them long enough and they 'll deal with it ... 
  if we really turn out to be weak and become a minority . . then it wo n't end well , because they 're not as tolerant and accepting to others as we are ... our culture is pretty unique in that aspect . 
   and yes , there are people who just want to live kind of like we did in the 50s , and , realistically , they pretty much can . 
  if a couple want to marry and live out a ` i 'm going to work now , honey , i look forward to the dinner you 'll have for me when i get home ! ', 
  lifestyle , then that 's their call . 
  that 's not affordable for most of the population , not with any standard of living and possible future for your children . 
   tl ; dr : it all changed , but it was ` our ' choice to change , not ` theirs ' . 
  it still is , but there 's a time-limit involved . . the longer it drags on the bloodier it will be . 
  either that or we 'll die a slow a natural dead over several generations , but for a continent/people that once ruled the world i still have some hope . 
  i think the french and italians are still effectively printing money through the anfa agreement . 
  how would you go upon deciding at what stage you can no longer abort ? 
  or when it 's ok to euthanize ? 
  or how to go about mass-immigration from 3rd world countries . . 
  there are many theories and none of them can be proven . 
  most problems are of a non-technical nature by default , because if they were n't we 'd have a clear cut answer for them . 
  parts of those questions are technical , the other comes down to emotions or are simply unknown . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technocracy it has it 's flaws , we have yet to understand everything ... and human nature is not rational . 
  we 'll always have to deal with emotions , even the bests scientists have them . 
  especially in ` sciences ' like psychology , sociology but even in economy . 
  it 's not like physics where it 's either true or not ... 
  but in softer sciences on can still influence the results somewhat . 
  and objectivity is impossible to achieve in cases where the outcome is unknown because it has never happened or has not been properly documented before . 
  the world is many shades of grey , and seldom black and white like the ` hard ' - sciences . 
   so that pillow part of the add could n't be checked ? 
  not calling someone on their bullshit and holding them accountable especially in the golden age of accessible information is just ignorant and is bound to lead to problems ( see trump ) . 
  true , but that 's the task of journalists ... and they 're colored too . 
  eventually it 's up to the people to investigate by reading different sources and judging them . 
  sadly due to misinformation and fear-mongering by both sides , and due to the complexity of the issues that 's quite hard . 
  having an official bureau to do that however is worse in my opinion . 
   personally if i was put in a position of choosing between getting shot or being poisoned i would be quite unhappy choosing the least bad one . 
  that 's why most people are very unhappy about politicians . . 
  sometimes it really is between poison and getting shot . 
  so i take the poison , in the hope it wo n't kill me before i get the chance to take the anti-poison . . 
  but i know that will also come with serious downsides . 
  in voting terms , now i 'll vote ( far - ) right [ poison ] . . 
  i know they 're flawed but they 're betting than the left [ bullet ] . 
  and i hope that after the immigration problems are taken care of we get once again a swing to the left , without the downsides ( unlimited tolerance/non-western immigration ) we 're seeing today . 
  however which one is the bullet and which one is the poison , or which one to take ( one could argue better go with a quick death ) ... that 's up to everybody to decide . 
  a fact checking body only works with hard-sciences ... 
  there 's too much uncertainty in everything else . 
  so you get your fact-checking body but that will be very susceptible to corruption . 
  lies , damned lies and statistics ... we can model a lot of things , but economy or human behavior is often quite unpredictable . 
  i trust farage more than the eu commission , but i know they are both very flawed ... 
   reparations for the damages we caused think we covered that with foreign aid by now , but i 'm hinting more at the chinese ... we 've got loads of them , and looks like we 're exporting knowledge for free . 
  anyway , this is the least of my worries ... care more about the eu/euro/immigration . 
  i know , but there are also a lot of people leaving after finishing their ( subsidized ) studies ... 
  i actually think it 's great we have fellow europeans studying here . 
  we can help each other ... 
  however the many non-europeans studying here i do n't really get that . 
  do n't think there 's an equal exchange , but i do n't know enough to be sure . 
  maybe that 's part of the deal , i do n't know . 
  i think we should focus on the higher education especially beta studies ... 
  yet our government made it more difficult to study in the past years . 
  do n't get me wrong there are many things we 're doing ok . 
  but they really dropped the ball on the whole eu/euro/immigration thing if you ask me . 
  priorities i guess ... 
  it 's a blog critical of the eu and dutch-government ... 
  i think they 're consistent because the pick on everybody , but some see it as a right-wing devil . 
   we cant control our entire border ... israel seems to be doing ok , and eastern-europe too ... just have to be tougher . 
   okay , and whats to stop italy from just ignoring the problem and opening their borders .
