  between 40-50 % has come into contact with police before the age of 23 . 
  for the native youth ( i think this even includes 3rd generation ) it 's 20 % . . 
  so it 's not a small minority , especially in the bigger cities . '', 
  ah yes that could be seen as discrimination , did n't think he went that far publicly yet . 
  i agree with the islam schools ... 
  closing mosque 's as to be done on a case by case basis , review what they preach . 
  if it 's not in line with what we as a country find acceptable then close them ( so probably most of them ) . 
  banning books is just stupid , but we ` discriminate ' against other groups and that 's just fine . . take pedophiles for example , they 're not allowed to do what they want , why should muslims be any different ? 
  if you want to be a muslim that 's fine , do it at home ... behave yourself and everything will be fine . 
  they bring in money , do n't harass the local population and are generally respectful to the spanish people ( unless they 're drunk ) . 
  these immigrants cost us money , harass the local population and have no respect for our culture . 
   no , but there are many calls to kick them out , heck , in the nl itself wilders calls for institutional discrimination of muslims in the hope that will make them leave . 
  do n't think he actually did that , but they either adapt to or adopt our way of life ( values/morals ) or live in one of the many islamic countries . . do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  yet, 
  yeah could go down into the history books as the final nail to western-europe 's coffin . 
   i did n't encounter people who did n't like me after getting to know me ( even from among right wingers ) , it 's not an ethnicity issue . 
  most right wingers these days are n't some kind of angry , racist bunch ... 
  i myself consider myself a liberal in social issues ( except religion i guess ) , a socialist in economic issues , but right wing on immigration , integration and islam . 
  i feel bad for the turks and moroccans in my country that are good people , it 's just that a pretty large group of them keeps fucking it up . 
  and they too hate seeing what 's happening , because it hurts them and their families ' chances . 
  all you can do about it as willing immigrant is make fun of it , show you 're not easily offended and try to built a network including native germans ... 
  i know some people that do n't usually hire immigrants unless they come recommended . 
  and that 's not because they 're racists but because they 've had too many bad experiences . 
  so i 'm quite sure you will succeed , because you recognize the problems ... 
  sadly some people ( the more stupid natives ) will still look at you like a third class citizen . 
  also the way a person dresses says a lot , a north-african wearing a suit will be perceived different than one looking like [ this ] ( https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/hphotos-xfa1/t51.2885-15/s320x320/e15/11377442_1586682528258278_133368521_n.jpg ) . 
  haha did n't know about that , denk is the worst our small country has to offer :( do you have a link for that ? 
  would love to read what their actual plan is . 
  haha i was n't being serious , but saying you 're people is pushing it . 
  why not clear out groningen , pump up all the remaining gas and put a few earthquake proof nuclear plants there ? 
  once the gas is gone we 'll put some windmills and solar panels there and the problem is solved , should be doable by 2030, 
  balkans i 'm guessing , it 's not that hard to acquire some in europe ( just like automatic weapons ) . . 
  illegally of course . 
  yep , does n't seem too far fetched to me ... we 'll see , it 's a long time ... and the current trend sure does make it seem a possibility . 
  easier to break them down eventually if they 're just buildings functioning as a mosque instead of it having minarets and being a mosque . 
  and in the meantime they do n't pollute the landscape . 
  in my experience you have to earn the label ` vieze buitenlander ' ... 
  although it is indeed quit easy to recognize most of them . 
  but any well mannered , liberal smart person is welcome to stay . 
  sadly there are n't too many of those . 
  sure you have to work harder with a migrant name and look , but dress well and invest in your network and you can become quite successful here ... 
  it 's not that we ( as a society ) willingly suppress migrants , the ones that have had a job and a good referral can find work without too much problems . 
  it 's just that you have a bigger chance of success by hiring a native ... 
  i know people that wo n't hire non-natives without a referral from someone they trust , does that make them racists or xenophobic ? 
  it 's just common sense if you ask me ... why take the gamble . 
  what if the host country does not take them back or if they 've burned their passports ? 
  nobody is leaving the netherlands if they do n't want to , and from what i 've read today germany is n't much different . 
  i guess because you 're an island you can get to without papers it 's a bit easier . 
  constitutions can change . . just need a 2/3 in favor , we might get there eventually , but it 'll be a close race ... we might even see a civil war in the future ( 30/40 years ) if it 's lost . 
  you ca n't integrate them . . it 's too late for that ( too many are already here having their own society within ours ) . 
  and are doing everything to keep others from integrating . 
  get rid of the ones that do n't want to and keep the good and willing ones . 
  they have two passports , use that fact to deport them ( criminals , even petty crime ( 3 strikes out kinda deal ) ) . 
  i do n't care about alienating them , they 've already done that themselves . 
  banning halal food could be done on animal welfare grounds . . no more building of mosques might be trickier . . but you can at least force them not look like mosque 's like what the swiss have done . 
  as for religious freedom yeah some changes might be necessary , religion belongs at home ... 
  not an expert . . but if you package it right it would only have to go against a few religious freedoms , and i 'm ok with that . 
  not sure what other freedoms would be violated ? 
  hopefully bosma can take over ... make a compromise where wilders stays put and bosma becomes prime-minister . 
  sod off might be closer , but that 's british english i think . . not sure what the us equivalent is . 
  yeah you might be right about that one , have n't seen a single capable person there . 
  i do think these things need to happen at one point in the near future ... just need to be sensible about it , so basically implement what wilders is saying but a somewhat more trimmed down version . 
  we do n't need to close the borders , but we need to stop the flow ... 
  so send out the ships and ship those people back to shore . 
  set up camps in libya , or make a deal like [ this ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/8abfc14a-a8aa-11e1-be59-00144feabdc0 ) ( you can view it with an adblocker ) exiting the eu might be necessary if it keeps it 's current form . 
  however as long as there are no critical parties it sure as hell wont . 
  we need to have the eastern-european approach here . . be critical try to change it , do n't just follow everything they say ( like quota 's and other things ) . 
  just in the current reality they might fail , but wait long enough and with enough support and what he 's saying can be implemented . . 
  but it will hurt more if we wait that long . 
  it 's better to move slowly towards the goal of getting islam out of europe , by making it as unpleasant as possible to live here as a muslim . 
  ban halal food , no more building new mosques , destroy mosque 's where hate is preached ... make it mandatory to collect welfare at a public building , and ban religious items there ... etc etc. 
  that should be doable ... let 's hope that stops the flow and only keeps the secular , moderate ones here . 
  people who fall for this have n't been paying attention the last 6 years ... let 's hope the pvv keeps a strong enough presence to have some influence so rutte keeps his promises this time . 
  as much as it saddens me , because there are even more idiots in the pvv than the other parties ... 
  but the pvv winning by a large margin is the only way to wake up the others . 
  it 's hard to find someone who is n't corrupted in those regions of politics/power . . we should jail 99 % of them , might set an example . 
  this is also a woman working for big corporations , just because she attacks some does n't mean she does n't support others . 
  she 's just as corrupt as any other ( powerful ) politician . . big money rules , she is n't doing it for the people . 
  another example : http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/6821783/39d58412/kroesballon_vid.html, 
   the other way to do it is to not have governments run unsustainable deficits . 
  yes , that was the idea . . 
  yet is has never been enforced , even france has been fucking that up since day 1 . 
  but if you enforce it you basically control the country ... 
  so either go federal europe or get rid of the euro , i say get rid of the euro . 
   european agenda on migration i did read the abstract ( you are correct that i did not look at the date ) , but that was not in line with their actions ... 
  i can remember a lot of eu members being quite angry with the v4 for building fences and actually securing their borders . 
   brussel is n't so much opposed to what the v4 want took them about a year , and more than a million migrants , to get in line with the v4 ... 
   it is n't really possible to address a sovereign debt crisis when all the fiscal powers are held by the member states therefor you should not have a common currency ... 
  we 've got plenty of people already , although i 'm a fan of ataturk supporters i think they should fight for their country ... do it by force like this coup if you have to , i 'd have a civil war before letting my country become like that ( although i wo n't be of fighting age when we reach that point in our neck of the woods , although the first seed has already sprouted ( denk ) ) . 
  giving up and fleeing is the worse you could do ... 
  it will only spread to the rest of western-europe if nobody fights it . 
  yeah due to quantitative easing . . it 's just re-inflating the bubble . 
  there 's no real growth , at least not in the western world . 
   things will get better , then they will get worse again , such is the nature of the economy . 
  things will get way way worse first though , they keep inflating a balloon that will one day burst . 
  i have a proper job , but i have a degree from a technical university ... my sister ( two masters in economics related studies ) , is having a harder time . 
  and she 's no exception ... 
  many are working below their educational level . 
  the only ones without problems are those in it and engineering ... we also have large groups of immigrants not doing any work , some because they do n't want to , but a lot of the jobs they used to do is done by robots now . 
   https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2015/03/27/verborgen-werkloosheid-die-kruimelbaantjes-van-jongeren maybe you can use google translate . . the gist of it : the netherlands is n't doing much better than greece in terms of youth unemployment .
