  there could be many reasons , but the reasons for a second passport by right of the nationality of one of your parents in perpetuity causes more harm than good for the nation they now live in . 
  especially when there 's not even an option to get rid of it . 
  ok let me refine that . . born here from parent of which atleast one of them has a european passport . 
  if both of them have none then the child should get none . 
  the problem i have is the child getting a passport from a foreign entity while he has the right to have the one of the country he/she was born in and will grow up in . 
  another option is to let the parents pick ... 
  pick the european one and get everything that comes with it ( benefits and responsibilities ) , or pick the foreign one and be prepared to live as a foreign-citizen . 
  right now we have a situation where a dutch-national ca n't chose to let go of his second-passport . 
  this is just fighting the symptoms if you ask me ... 
  the real problem is people getting a turkish passport when they 're born in europe , yes i know currently it 's impossible to get rid of that second passport . 
  but we 're actively sharing information with countries like morocco and turkey when a person of turkish or moroccan descent is born here . 
  of course foreign entities will campaign here if that means votes ... rather we should take away the root cause being the fact that people that were born in europe ( edit : with at least 1 parent with a european passport ) still have the option to vote for another countries business . 
  so just ban double passports , stop co-operating with these countries on that level ... 
  if they refuse stop the flow of money to these countries . 
  what about the boy on voice of holland ? 
  even if they ca n't prove it there 's currently is no way we can send them back , so the end result is the same . 
  i 've seen plenty of documentaries and heard plenty of stories ... 
  it 's hard to have a source since they 're conning it succesfully . 
  the ones who are n't stupid get away with it ... 
  but getting here is expensive , most refugees do n't have this much money . 
  it 's common sense really , but no i have no sources . . 
  but neither does anyone that says most people are really refugees . 
  since the system is overloaded and a lot of money is being made from it . 
  if you 're interested in the documentaries i can look them up , but i 'm guessing you 're trying to make a point and are not interested in those . 
  i 'm all for that , and i hope they get it passed ... 
  but they will give anybody who wants to come here and has a sad story ( fake or not ) full benefits , we ca n't afford that . 
  more refugees etc , there are just too many and we 're unable to check it . 
  for every refugee there must be at least 9 trying to con the system . 
  have you ever tried to file a report ? 
  have you gone through with filing a report ? 
  did you ever get some response ? 
  the only reason people will file a report is for insurance ... because they know nothing is done with it . 
  you have to make an appointment etc , people who work do n't have time for that unless it 's necessary . 
  if you really believe there is less and less crime you 're either young or live in an affluent area . 
  i know this is an anecdote but i believe this spirit is throughout our society . 
  i 've witnessed a beating after road rage , took a picture of the motorcycle the attacker was on , and stayed with the victim . 
  the police identified him , but as he was wearing a helmet it would be a hard case somehow . 
  and since the man was arrested many times before for violence , and still being persecuted they asked the victim if it was really worth it . 
  as his name would be on the suit and it was n't likely to add to his already long list of crimes he was being persecuted for . 
  the victim ended up apologizing to me for not going through with it ( i told him to please file a report ) . 
  this is just to illustrate the faith in our system ... a friend of mine was beaten by a couple of guys but his reaction . . they 're not going to investigate anyway . 
  you think this would have been the case 30 years ago ? 
  these are just two cases in my immediate vicinity , and i hang out with decent people ... another example , a friend of my father 's garage was broken into ... a lot of his stuff was taken , among which a boatmotor . 
  he found it on marktplaats , went to the police and asked them to go with him to collect it . 
  they had no time they said , since he wanted his stuff back he told the police he would go with a group to get it back at < xxx  , then all of the sudden they had time . 
  do you think he will file a report next time if only small stuff gets stolen ? 
  again just a story , but everybody knows this ... 
  the police is underfunded , and handcuffed by rules . 
  the quality of the people went down too , wages too low , diversity rules etc. . . [ source : https://www.trouw.nl/home/-nederlandse-politie-ziet-de-meeste-misdaad-niet-~ab52ba07/], 
  i hope someone on the left ( economically ) and right when it comes to immigration ... immigration should be the highest priority for the traditional left , because it 's the poor and working class that 's hurting the most from it . 
  it 's on a downhill trend though , sure we have it good . . 
  but that says more about the rest of the world . 
  we can do so much better . 
  for now it seems to be the case , but as nothing will change ( there is not enough political will to really do anything else than rhetoric ) people might reconsider in another 4 years . . but then again , people like rutte ( as all politicians ) have been promising many things , yet people will still vote for him . 
  it will be a centre-left government . . nobody will rule with the pvv , we 'll have another crisis and the pvv will be huge again in the polls . 
  but as election comes people realize even though they agree with the pvv they do n't want wilders as a head of state ... and they 'll vote for the closest alternative ( vvd ) . 
  we need a decent leader like pim fortuyn on the right to ever any sensible immigration policies implemented . 
  i was expecting geert to win by a landslide , but i guess a leader like pim fortuyn needs to stand up before anything will change . 
  all the ingredients are there , yet he does n't seem to be the leader people trust to help us out of this mess . 
  but i guess we have another 10-20 years before it 's really too late . 
  i can only hope the other parties adopt his policies in order to keep the favor of the people . 
  we have about 460.000 people doing nothing . . they 're mostly unskilled non-european immigrants or their descendants ... 
  they might be able to work in denmark ? 
   swiss government also backtracked on their anti-immigration referendum result because the referendum decisions threatened to end bilateral deals with the eu they 're being blackmailed essentially . . and i 'm quite sure most people in the eu want to have models like the swiss on immigration . 
  yet somehow that does n't make it into policy . 
  it comes down to the fact that we have a huge and powerful organisation working against the interest of the common people in the eu . 
  only the ultra-rich profit ... sure we can travel freely and do n't have to exchange money , but everything else would be better without the current version of the eu . 
  we should have stopped in the 90s . 
  yet in practice they promise shit every four years then ignore the population for the rest of the year ... and since most of them work this way there is not alternative . 
  therefor i rather have referendums like the swiss so they have to keep on their toes year round ... instead of having to make fake promises every four years . 
  well we once were a sovereign nation , but like this referendum showed this is no longer the case . . 
  so we might as well give up national government and let it all be decided from brussels . 
  a lot of people already know this , but the referendum showed this once again . . we 'll go with what the majority of the eu wants ( read the bureaucrats , or in the best case the german/french people ) . 
  no i 'd rather be like the swiss ... 
  sovereignty with referendums and all . 
  no it would not , but op suggesting that it 's good to ignore the public gives that impression . 
  how can it be a good thing to ignore the majority ? 
  why not pick a good dictator who does the right thing , saves us from going to the polls every four years . 
  most of us agree that part does n't actually belong to the netherlands . . we tolerate them because they made us some money with coal , but after that it 's quite useless but we keep it for traditions sake . 
   we are individuals though , not a hivemind . 
  why my family be punished for something we didi n't do ? 
  you could just as easily have said `` deport the ones who didi n't fit into society '' and let my family stay , but you instead want to deport all of us . 
  why ? 
  it 's obviously to late to deport everybody that came here since the 60s . 
  now i just want to deport the ones breaking the law . 
  but in retrospect it should have not been so easy to become a dutch citizen ... 
  so when your family 's services were n't needed anymore they would go back . 
  the root cause of this problem is religion ... and especially islam these days , christianity has proven itself to be compatible with modern society . 
  sure you have a few dicks who do n't vaccinate their children and endanger others by doing so , but other than that they keep mostly to themselves these days . 
  sadly the same can not be said of islam . 
   what is `` fucking around '' in this context ? 
  leeching of society . 
   uh okay , so therefore you 'd agree with people who wished you didi n't live in their country ? 
  i somehow doubt that . 
  yeah i would , there is a reason they do n't want me living in their country . . 
  it 's because people that look like me , and share my background are fucking it up . 
  now if i can prove myself to be different then they might make an exception . . 
  but i ca n't blame them . 
  to put it in context . . 
  if an north-african can prove before entering he will be an asset to our society ( not religious , respectful of our society and in possession of a skill we lack ) than he will be welcome .
