  and all the stupid work will be covered with further automation ... 
  the people we 're importing now wo n't be a benefit for the german population for at least 4-5 generations . 
  nah i was n't aware yet really , i was 7 then ... 
  but looking at the acceptance of gays , and others the influence of foreign elements and religion in our state ... 
  it was at it 's best then i think . 
  it 's not that big of a big problem ... 
  bigger problem is the influence in everyday life of islam and it 's companions . 
  terror is still minor , but it 's the changing society complying with all their demands that 's bothering me most . 
  i would not even care for terrorism if i knew there was an end in sight , but our society are changing for the worse . . every single decade we slide backwards , i think we peaked somewhere around 1995 . 
  this shit will continue untill it 's polar oppsites and we 'll have some sectarian violent outburst ... 
  either that or we slowly turn into the shitholes like you see in the middle east/afrika . 
  south africa comes to mind ... might take another 100 years but we 'll get there . 
  oh fuck yeah i meant native dutch people , but mostly political parties in general . 
  so did the far-right by those measures . . nobody is calling to kill the jews and other unwanted people anymore these days . 
   and the nvu has endorsed fvd . 
  ah that 's fucked up , bet this will be used to put them in a corner like they did with the pvv . 
  gl is about as left as you can go ? 
  by that measure the pvv would be centre-right ... 
  i 'm only ( far ) - right-wing on mass-immigration btw . 
  my hopes are on fvd for now ... do n't like the man , but like the program and the idea behind it . 
  i 'm all for things like universal income ( eventually ) and other left dreams , but i 'm of the opinion you need at least some borders for that and a population that 's educated and tolerant , so people are willing to pay for those that do n't work . 
  the locations of those can be disputed , but i 'd split the eurozone into a few blocks that are alike economically and socially/mentally . 
  the only thing right from pvv would be nvu , and the only thing left from gl would be the anti-fascists , anarchist or whatever those smelly dudes and women are . 
  they have environmental [ terrorists/criminals ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/wijnand_duyvendak ) in their top ranks , they have [ ( former ) communists ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/communistische_partij_van_nederland ) ... 
  i 'd say that 's pretty far left . 
  center left for me would be pvda , i think gl is quite a bit further than that . 
  new elections after the next one fails i guess , but i 'm glad cda and vvd seem to have grown a pair ... must be the cda because i do n't think rutte has any issues compromising on anything . 
  i think fvd will be quite big , it 's an alternative for people that would not vote pvv . 
  and for pvv voters that want their voices to make a chance to rule ... a lot of people agree with the pvv , more than you might think . . and the fvd gives a chance to rule . 
  just hope they can control the growth and not end up like the lpf and pvv , therefore i hope we wo n't have another election soon . 
  gives them more time . 
  that 's like voting on the pvv and hoping they 'd be willing to give in on immigration . 
  gl is far-left what did you expect ? 
  the solution is for the central/left politicians to completely halt the import of those people . 
  and hopefully in 6-7 generations they 'll have adjusted , when newcomers are no longer allowed in . 
  until somebody rises that wants to make finland great again ... 
  the question is what will win , natural progression to the new normal due to changing demographics or civil war , maybe it will be a mix who knows ... 
  i 'll probably be to old to have any influence anyway ( 28 now ) . 
  i believe that to be the case for most of western/northern europe . 
  so this will perform even less than a regular f-35b ? 
  finally , took them long enough but when we get german efficiency behind deporting people as europe we might actually solve it . 
  i hope they 'll also start building them for grown-ups . 
  all this says there is no direct link ... 
  they still pick them up for free just of the coast , and are often called with phones before hand . 
  the second part of the journey from the just outside of libyan waters to europe is done with the help of [ professional organisations ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/27/ngo-rescues-off-libya-encourage-traffickers-eu-borders-chief ) , and for free so that 's nice . 
  all i know , and as the local says ... is that these types of project in those countries are always given to friends of politicians . 
  so even if it 's not direct and complete fraud , regular citizens rarely benefit . 
  and it keeps the system alive . 
  yeah and these days they 're not doing very well i hear . . not many opportunities and lots of young people moving away . 
   got a source on that or is it just a gut feeling/conspiracy theory ? 
  you 're making a pretty gigantic claim here . 
  there are many projects and roads to nowhere that have been build ... [ example ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-romania-infrastructure-idustre74p0zk20110526 ) , [ 2 ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-eu-fraud-idukkcn0ym0q8 ) now this is what 's known . . 
  i expect it to be just the tip of the iceberg . 
  even in the netherlands you see many stupid projects being funded with eu money , even though that 's technically not fraud . 
  yes that is true , but is n't that a case of [ tragedy of the commons ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_the_commons ) this will end up with a concentrated population of smart/capable people in the west ... complimented with welfare-shoppers/asylum-seekers leechers from mena countries ? 
  sure it keeps it balanced . . 
  but the east wo n't get any better , while the west will most likely get worse . 
  our wages are suppressed because we have people willing to do the job for less . 
  so you 'll have stagnating wages for the middle-class which might eventually disappear like the us . 
  the only ones i see profiting in this situation in the long term are big companies and the 0.1 % ... poor people in the east for production , smart people in the west competing for breadcrumbs . 
   transfer of knowledge is . 
  you see a lot of professionals from eastern europe , doctors and such going after the finish their education ... 
  so the knowledge is transferring with those people . 
  all the money they invest ends up leaving the country , because other countries pay more . 
  my mistake , after reading all the items about italy 's banks about to fall i assumed we had helped them in the past ... also with the historic inflation of the lire . 
  i 'll take italy out of the equation , thanks for the correction . 
  so it seems the euro did work pretty well for you guys , except for the fact you pay a shitton for it ? 
  edit : [ these ] ( https://global.handelsblatt.com/finance/e-u-backs-italys-bank-bailout-in-principle-682508 ) things confused me , but it seems to be the case italy is paying for it on their own ? 
  ahh what a surprise ... 
  i remember a certain somebody say no more money for greece a while back . 
  might as well set up a permanent flow of money from north to south to keep the balance , it 's the only way the keep the euro in it 's current form and that seems to be what the people want ... 
  but please do n't let the banks profit and citizens pay for it this time ... 
  instead just tax us directly and put it in the pockets of the , greece / ~ ~ italian ~ ~ / spanish/portuguese and whoever else might need in the future , citizens . 
  call it a solidarity tax or whatever , then at least we know how much we 're paying and why . 
  is this because young people are leaving their countries to work in western-europe ? 
  instead of bringing the countries closer together is n't the eu funding a brain-drain , and essentially supports the corrupt ruling elite in these countries instead of fighting it ? 
  all those who remain are part of the system or unable to leave it ... wo n't it eventually implode by not being able to pay the pensions/bills without constant eu support ? 
  i hear many young people from central/eastern-europe who 'll likely never return because of the lack of opportunities and corruption ( not being able to get a job unless you join the system ) . 
  i 'd like to hear from a local point of view , in one way it 's great that you can now work in a prosperous country , but in the long term it might hurt your country . 
  since there 'll be nobody capable left to change it ... 
  i know this , yet that 's not so easy to solve ... what i do n't agree with is that we should suffer . 
  from your comment history i can see that you are jewish ... do you have many muslim friends ? 
  what do you think about jews having to leave france , and even here it 's getting worse because of the growing muslim population ? 
  i live in rotterdam , am active in football . . 
  many of my teammates have different backgrounds . 
  great people and not so great people . 
  however when i look around , follow the news and hear the stories of people that work in schools ... 
  the future is not looking to bright in the big cities . 
  as for how i affect this world . . 
  i work 40 hours a week in the private sector , i volunteer about 6-8 to make my community better . 
  i recycle and try to live healthy so i 'm not a burden on society . 
  not much more i can do . 
  there 's not much i can do for the people suffering far away , sending money goes to the pockets of their corrupt leaders . 
  so you start by making your community better ... 
  if everybody does that the world would be a better place . 
  as for supporting 3rd world nations we could give them internet and computers so they can learn shit , but eventually they 're going to have to do it themselves . 
  the only other option is bringing back colonialism ... 
  but i do n't think that 'll fly . 
  [ look ] ( https://youtu.be/a0c4_88ub_m?t=1h12m53s ) at this for example , if we keep supporting them with aid we keep the status quo .
