  yes you get no job when just out of school , that 's why you need a network ... you invest in dutch acquaintances , as soon as you have some experience there are a lot of companies that hire you . 
  but sadly too many bad experiences have made it more difficult for them . 
   turkish and moroccan organisations were invited to make their life seem like home , so they build mosques , islamic schools , tea houses etc. 
  effectively creating somewhat of a parallel society . 
  not just any organisations , but nationalistic ones ... run by foreign states . 
  it 's a complete clusterfuck . 
   we have a racist mp who advocates ethnic cleansing of our population . 
  bullshit , he said no such thing . 
   many dutch people see these immigrants as potential terrorists because of their ethnicity and their religion . 
  they are , but that 's not the problem . . 
  the problem is them not adapting to our culture . 
  i 'll even accept the occasional terrorist attack if the rest of them behave normally . 
   i do know however , that deportation is definitely not the answer . 
  how so ? 
  it solves a lot of the problems as soon as you start deporting the criminal ones . 
  that is indeed the most important reason why they 'll be better off , 
  hopefully the east can keep developing . . 
  they 've got quite some way to go when it comes to corruption and tolerance towards lbgt . 
  but in theory they could be a lot better off than we are in 30 years . 
  in a lot of satellite towns in the randstad this is also already the case , is the third generation being counted as native these days ? 
  only the east will remain mostly native i think , mainly because nobody wants to live there , those will just be ghost towns as the older generation dies off . 
  yeah i think we 're heading for a balkan like solution ... 
  it 's kept together for now , but as soon as things go south we 'll have ethnic divides or cleansing . 
  maybe gated communities like south-africa are in our future ... who knows . 
  but that could take a while ... 
  the explosive mix is already here though , it 's just that people have too much to lose now . 
   proposal went through , but the eu blocked it , it 's a fucking disgrace , and then people tell me countries still have sovereignty ... 
  if you ca n't even decide basic and obvious things like this . 
  centrist in our country is pretty left wing ... 
  d66 is pretty left wing , as is cu ... cda will bend with whomever . 
  look at the history though , in times of prosperity we vote left ... in hard times right to compensate . 
  when has cbs ever have right prognoses ? 
  it 's just a tool ... lies , damn lies statistics . 
  sure it 's better than nothing , but these calculations are bullshit . 
  ah no worries , we 'll be spending triple that amount the coming years with our new left government ... then we get a right government to fix it during another crisis and the cycle continues . 
  demographics can change quickly during a war ... that 's why i do n't get them , they 're not ready for a war , if they play the patient game europeans wo n't be able to defend themselves in 3 generations . 
  if they continue on this road , and get to curb the corruption ( which they 're doing ) romania will seem like paradise 30 years from now compared to western europe ... 
  thanks to those far right views . 
  just hope they become more accepting of gays and stuff , but the younger generation seems better in that aspect . 
  i know , but they 're stupid enough to misbehave in such a way we 'll be voting far-right before they gain critical mass . 
  they forgot the murder of theo van gogh in 2004 , i 'd say that was also a terror attack, 
  we 're lucky these jihadi 's are n't the bright types ... 
  they have so much potential . 
  what i do n't get is how they think that if that happens how they 're going to win ... 
  the security forces are still predominately non-muslim , although there are voices to change that it wo n't happen any time soon . 
  within a day or two after the start of this all out war against muslims the entire middle-east will be one big parking lot , and europe will have camps filled with muslims . 
  i think a better play would be to not carry out these attacks but keep preaching hate , then when you reach 20 % of the population start infiltrating security forces/politics and grow from there ... 
  if they 're not causing too many problems less people will be inclined to want to stop the current migration flow . 
  a couple of thousand is not exaggerated , just look at the numbers that returned from syria ... 
  there may not be tens of thousands , but it sure as hell is n't much lower than 10.000 with these views . 
  and even if they do n't have those views yet , not much has to happen for a lot of people to develop them . 
   how does that sound normal to anyone ? 
  if you hate our society we 'll hate you back in a legal way till you leave . 
  there 's no law against following a person believed to be a threat to the country . 
  in a normal world we would have only have a couple of hundred of these guys roaming europe ... 
  but these days we have ( tens of ) thousands believed capable of these actions and known to services . 
  in a normal world we could track them , annoy them 24/7 ... 
  but in our world we simply have to wait for them to fuck up . 
  the reason people turn to nationalism is the current state of the eu and globalism/corporatism ... 
  instead warning about the the symptoms they should be curing the cause . 
  i hope not , romania has some real potential ... maybe we can build roma land somewhere and build a huge fence around it ? 
  here in western-europe we have quite a few roaming our cities stealing shit and moving on . 
  yeah i do , but we ca n't take care of them all . . especially not when it 's costing our own society , not only now but more so in the future . 
  the countries they are fleeing from are not at war , and they 're paying a premium of about 3000 euro to get here . . why do we let these people stay and let those in the camps sit where they are ? 
  is n't that hypocritical ? 
  i say we take in everybody who 's living under oppression , or with a living standard 2x below ours ... that would be truly noble . 
  just one thing . . how are we going to pay for them , where do we house them and what do we do if they start practising their culture over here ? 
  or worse what do we do when we imported all those people and they start fighting the conflict they fled from ? 
  individual stories are sad , but we have to look at the big picture . 
  our current policy is doing more harm than good , and instead of blocking everybody and picking out the worst cases to bring here ... we get a bunch of opportunist ( ca n't blame them ) who come here to abuse our systems . 
  thank you , everybody has an opinion/view ... 
  i might have become a bit too cynical , nobody knows it all . 
  i truly hope your version of the future will prove to be the more realistic one , but as you have noticed i ca n't say i have a lot of faith in it . 
  nothing we can do but do what we think is right and hope for the best . 
  you showing you are able to see it from another point of view proves to me you 'll be alright whatever the future will bring . 
  ps about 10 years ago i was thinking the same way ( 28 now ) ... 
  i hope you do n't lose your ` faith ' , 
   thousands . 
  but do you really want barbed wire , minefields and machine guns on our borders ? 
  nah i hope to stop them before they reach the shore and tow them back ... we can use electric fences and non lethal water guns . 
  but yeah i think we should protect our outer borders . 
  how many people have crossed from north into south korea ? 
  how many crossed the berlin wall ? 
   okay first of all i have to give you credit for keeping your calm and discussing in a polite manner . 
  i 'm sorry that i was a bit ... harsh . 
  do n't worry about it , i 'm not easily offended . . especially not on the internet . 
   i think that to say that european people suffer from immigrants is strongly exaggerated . 
  i live very close to new housing units built for refugees , and i 've only seen very grateful and polite people . 
   https://www.human.nl/2doc/2016/ongelovig.html have you seen this ? 
  do you think it is an exception ? 
  are you a male or female , and do you actually talk about what they believe in and stand for ? 
  also with what groups have you worked ... 
  it depends a whole lot on who you encounter , they split them up for a reason these days . 
   we clearly have a different view on our obligations as a human . 
  i feel like any human being does n't have the right to have a good life if he does n't at least try to make other people 's lives just as good . 
  i believe in equality for all , regardless of place of birth . 
  i say this because my father was a refugee from columbia . 
  if he was n't accepted in the netherlands , then i would n't have been born here . 
  that is noble , but reality is different ... 
  i try to make a difference in my immediate surroundings ( i volunteer at my local football club , near rotterdam and very multicultural that might make you understand my views better ) .
