  to be sure , we are behind , and will be behind for some time in economic terms . 
  but we do not intend to stay behind , and in this decade and the next , we shall make up and move ahead . 
  [ who dares wins ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/who_dares_wins ), 
   what is your understanding of the rationale for the deficit limits ? 
  is it to try to avoid having countries play the `` too big to fail '' game and shifting losses to the eu after overspending ? 
  to simply to try to establish a financial system of comparable stability across the eu ? 
  i think those two ...  to reduce wages and assets and contracts and so forth in lockstep . 
  they used to have a lot of inflation , and every once in a while just remove a couple of zeros and start over ... 
  the thing is the country used to be cheap for holidays and export , now that 's gone and they 're just not as productive as their northern competitors . 
  hence a lot of unemployment and young people ( the future ) leaving their countries ...  if defaults tend to happen every 10 years , greece simply winds up having to pay a yield high enough to pay off that loss to bond investors . 
  that 's the basis of the whole greek crisis , they used to have to pay huge interest rates . . and fuck it up every couple of years , also because of the high rates their corrupt politicians did n't lend as much money . 
  then they got into the euro ( thanks to goldman sachs , and power hungy politicians of the eu ) , and their interest rate drops ... 
  them not having the saving culture of the north started borrowing shitloads of money , but their economy/culture was still the same so they overspend trying to win votes , being able to retire at 55 etc. . . and now the north has to pay for it . 
   well ... limiting freedom of movement would have two benefits -- it may make the nationalists more-content , and it would avoid the depopulation of poorer eu countries . 
  yeah that would be great , but our politicians are n't capable of figuring that out ... we even import completely useless people that hate our way of life . 
   that would require very large-scale development spending and hefty taxes in northern and western europe . 
  yeah , we should have made it a 30-100 year project and go slowly ... because it requires a change in culture , the old generation has to die and the new has to be educated ...  the paper was written by authors in europe , but did n't include any sort of conclusion as to whether one approach was better or not -- just that the two approaches differed . 
  we have many projects , but most fail and just fill the pockets of corrupt politicians in the east and south ... 
  especially in the east it 's bad ... 
  there are a shitload of beautiful parks , without people , roads leading nowhere and roads ending before reaching their intended destination because they ran out of money . 
   well , let me rephrase the statement -- would you be willing to pay for corrupt politicians in europe 's west and north ? 
  i believe we have less of them ... or at least used to have less of them . 
   hmm . 
  what 's the mechanism via which this happens ? 
  i thought that individual states were , in the eu 's current form , financially-responsible for their own pension system . 
  you mean that a disproportionate number of pensioners also benefit from some form of welfare or development funds from the eu ? 
  i 'm hinting that some countries ( france for example ) since the dawn of the eu do n't respect the 3 % rule . . or greece/spain for example that fucks over their young people by trying to stick to the rules , while their economies are just not set up like that . 
  those countries used to devaluate their currencies once in a while to reset the system ... now they 're fucked . 
  it just does n't work to implement the system of the north to the south ... edit : also [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/finance/pensions/iorp/index_en.htm ) they 're going to use our savings to save their pet project ... or atleast that 's what i expect , because everything is done in secret . 
   what about having blocs and then have a process to produce convergence ? 
  would you prefer , say , to have the west and north pay for more development projects in the east and south but have restrictions on freedom of movement that phase out over time ? 
  sounds like a plan , and it 's already happening i believe . . but the implementation , like most things the eu does is severely lacking and i do n't see it turning around for the better anytime soon . 
  true , but they feel and are more connected ... 
  i 'm willing to pay for those in my country because we share a history/culture , the differences between somebody from different cities/provinces but within the same country is vastly different than the difference between countries ( especially in europe ) . 
  i 'm not willing to pay for corrupt eastern/southern-european politicians , or for people that retire at the age of 55 while i 'll be working till i die ... 
  it could work if we split the eu into 4/5 parts ... countries that have the same interest could work together , countries that have the same mentality/economy could share a fiscal policy . 
  but not whole europe together . 
   that actually is what the eu project trying to prevent . 
  to remain our civility while solving problems . 
  i know , would be quite ironic but i could see it happen ... 
  that 's one of the problems i have with the eu , every country has it 's own interests ... 
  but you can only deal with the eu and not individual countries . 
  it would n't be so bad if the countries are alike , but there are big differences within europe . 
  so we get some compromise , in which we as a smaller country do n't have that much influence . 
   all we really need to do is to keep the eu from falling apart . 
  the brexit negotiations are n't the thing that will decide that . 
  screw them over hard enough and it will make sure people think twice before voting to leave the eu ... make deals that are good for the uk , and they might prosper without the negatives that come from being an eu member . 
  when that happens more countries will want to leave , so the negotiations could be a big influence . 
  it 's exemplary for the eu . . mostly good intentions , horrible implementation . 
   you implied earlier that people need more support from the government these days . 
  even that is true , the fact that there is support to be had shows that you are way better off than you think you are . 
  yeah we 're still well off , however there 's a worrying trend . . and our social security wo n't hold out . 
  as soon as that crashes we 're fucked like you guys were . 
  now i wish you well , but i rather pay for my neighbour than some guy living 1000km away . 
  it 's all relative , i like to keep my country wealthy . . luckily economy is n't a zero sum game , but i think we 're going backwards , i 'd be ok with stagnating but going backwards hurts . 
  do n't get me wrong , people have it good . . 
  but continue on this road and we 'll be fucked like you guys were . 
  yeah sorry about that , you 're right from your perspective , you guys actually benefited from the eu . 
  i was talking about western-europe here ... 
  soon we 'll be on the same level though , and not much later we 'll be moving to your countries . 
  hope you 'll have us . 
  your parent might be able to tell you ... not so long ago people could afford multiple children on a single wage without too much support from the government . 
  granted they did not all have an iphone , but when we compare our productivity to theirs we should be able to have iphones and children on a single wage ... 
  somehow that 's not possible . 
  it 's a bit skewed at the moment , some people are richer than ever while the rest stagnated and the world around them got more expensive . 
  the only way to do this was to import competition from other european countries and beyond ... 
   that is also the reason why he is the only member of his party . 
  no i would have done the same because of the immaturity and stupid people he had to employ , mostly because the mainstream media/parties made his party taboo . 
  it 's changing though , and if he can get the right people i think he might consider a different setup . 
  democracy can work against you when working with the ` wrong ' people ( look at the turks of the pvda taking over the party in some of the cities ) . 
   he does have some sane arguments however , but important , complex problems do not have simple pie-in-the-sky solutions . 
  otherwise these would n't have been problems to begin with . 
  depends on what you 're willing to do , it 's morals/idealism stopping us from taking a pragmatic solution ... 
  or maybe try to move back to the time where everybody could earn a fair wage ? 
  the eu , big states and globalisation are good for rich people ... but it fucks the poor . 
  an increasing wealth gap is not good for a country , so unless you want to ` remove ' all the people that are poor you 'll have to find something for them to do and pay them a fair wage instead of having them compete with the rest of the world for a shitty wage ... 
  so we could continue on this path and you 'll have ghetto 's with poor people and a large % immigrants . . and rich areas with rich people and a couple of rich immigrants for the ruling class to say well look they 're not so bad for us . 
  when shit starts to hit the fan even more ( read : mass-unemployment , sexual-assault , increasing crime , terror-attacks every month , parties like denk growing larger ) the natives will en mass vote for a guy like wilders because the rest failed them ... now this may or may not happen ( talking about a 10-30 year time-frame here ) , and we might very well go out slowly like a candle . 
  but if that does n't happen an absolute majority is not out of the question if it moves quickly enough ... 
  the question is what will happen the next 10 years , are we continuing the open border policy of the eu and keep accepting useless people ( 80 % does n't even get a job [ 10y after arrival ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2015/29/meeste-immigranten-binnen-tien-jaar-weer-weg ) , combine this with accelerating automation ... ) . 
  then i can see it happen , sweden and france will go first ( you can already see it in some major cities in sweden and france ) . 
  and we 're not excluded from it , ( car fires , unrest etc are happening in some of our neighbourhoods too ) . 
  now if it 's stopped the next 10 years we 'll have the current status quo for a while and we 'll go out like a candle ( eastern-europe will be the future of europe ) ... 
  if it continues like 2015 we 'll have some interesting times ahead of us . 
  however it might all go against the trend and we 'll have a bright future ahead of us where suddenly islam disappears , women will have [ multiple ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/01/europe-refugees-migrant-crisis-men-213500 ) men and we all live in peace and prosper . 
  remember , could you imagine wilders being the largest party a couple of years ago ? 
  right now it 's a likely possibility ... 
  when people are backed up against the wall and have little to lose they 'll vote to change it , even if they 're not certain it 'll work it 's always better than keeping the status quo . 
  there 's no point in arguing . . 
  they 're morally superior , and we 're bigots/racists/xenophobes . 
  they do n't see that they 're the same as their counterparts on the far-far-right . 
  they feel really good till they get to deal with the shit they preach ... 
  but they probably wo n't because they 're from a privileged background ... and do n't see the shit the stupid ` tokkies ' see , they only hang around with the higher educated crowd . 
  now i used to think the same , but that all changed as i grew older and met more people from outside my initial social circle . 
  just wait till he gets an absolute majority ... continue on this path and it becomes a possibility . 
  how are you so sure they 're the idiots ? 
  look at the state the eu/europe is in ... we 've been on the decline for a while now . 
  think they did quite well getting that many signatures . . 
  you guys have a good system going on ... 
   erdohan-style dictator i think it 's stretching it to call wilders an islamist dictator ...
