   you 're really naive . 
  you do n't imagine how unstable can be france when people are angry and you can be sure that nationalistic and anti-eu parties wlll be in power if northern europe try to impose only 10 % to france out of what they impose to greece . 
  i 'm ok with nationalistic parties , i think we 're past our differences . . we can see what the rest of the world is these days and realize we as europeans need to stick together . 
  what the eu is doing is actually driving us apart ... 
  i know france is left-wing , and that 's fine but you need a currency and a crash every now and then to correct that . . not let the germans pay for it . 
   i do n't think you really understand how international politics can be played . 
  i know , and that 's a problem . 
  but you can use it to your advantage too ... 
  us fucking with you ? 
  turn to china/russia , we still have the port and the people/location ... 
  if they keep bullying the european people will turn against them , because we 've got a lot more solidarity with felllow-europeans than with the corporations of the us . 
   ok who is the eu in your mind ? 
  you 'll have to spell that out because i 've already mentioned the council 3 times . 
  european commission , and all the technocrats writing the laws , the council who deal with lobbyist and pass the laws ... 
  even though we can elect some of them does not mean they 'll act in our interest , because they 're not watched as closely as national politics . 
  once they make it there they 're set for life with their pensions and lobbyist money / future jobs . 
  and as a small nation you do n't have a big say , so it 's basically germany , uk and france running the show . 
   the same asociation agreement that sparked the protests in the first place !, 
  talk about the skewed logic of the masses . 
  i think the association agreement was after the protests . 
  it was the eu who saw another opportunity to expand and hijacked the protests . 
  but they already started before that ... 
  ecc is not the euro . . 
  i 'm fine with italy in the ecc . 
   it would have been all or nothing . 
  currency union + fiscal union ( the how can vary , but in the end countries would have to back each other and regulate together ) or no currency union . 
  imo what we did was like turning the gas stove on without lighting it and it blew up in our face . 
  this so much this , but they knew there would be no support for a fiscal union . . and they did it anyway because they knew sooner or later a crisis would arise , and then people have to make the choice . . go all-in or get fucked . 
  and they did it to force an ever increasing union , first fiscal . . then political etc. . . not on my watch , i 'd rather take the hit now than become a small province of the eu . 
  if that 's the end game we might as well have kept the third-reich ... because that 's what it comes down to . 
   i mean just take the immigration thing for example : imagine that this would have something that directly elected european wide officials have to deal with . 
  are you saying we need directly elected eu leaders ? 
  then it 's the germans and french who 'll elect them ... 
  the strange thing is that the eu did nothing , like they need this to further their pet project . 
  you should read some of the quotes they have : timmermans : europe must accept diversity or war verhofstadt : europe must become an empire juncker : we 'll take one step at a time until there is no way back it 's these type of people running the show . 
  fuck that . 
  nobody elected them ... 
   wait so how do you propose to do that with a politically divided europe ? 
  as individual nations just stop supporting them . . what are they going to do ? 
   that is kind of part 1 of my `` eventually dominated by far-off unfamiliar powers '' , it 's not a disaster in itself but eventually that 'll put us in a corner . 
  not that i 'm saying `` take back africa '' because it 's not that age any more , as china may well find out in the future if they do n't handle it well . 
  i do n't see china dominating anything , we 've shipped our technology overseas . . 
  but it 's coming back and they 'll have to do it themselves , they 're smart but their culture does not promote innovation . 
  we 're by far the most productive nations on earth ... have you ever worked in asia ? 
  we 're miles ahead ... again i like cooperation between european nations , but the monster we 've created is no good and has gone too far . 
  we need to shut it down , rebuild it with a different goal . 
  so individual nations , europe wide cooperation . . a nato like structure for western-european countries only , let the east have one too . 
  then a common coin only for economies that are alike , and have been so in the past ... greece/italy/spain soutern euro eastern-europe eastern euro western/northern europe - northern-euro now some countries are in between ( france ) but then we need to enforce strict rules , not like we 've been doing from the start ... that might work , although i 'm still in favor in individual currency ... now the eu will never allow that . . so we need to break it down and start again , every country makes it own laws ... and can at anytime drop out , this should keep everybody on their toes . 
  talking about native western-europeans killing each other . . next war in western-europe will be a civil war between ( former - ) migrants and natives , or maybe ( former - ) migrants among themselves when all the natives have fled to eastern-europe . 
   this is n't even about bigger is better , this is about not being left behind and eventually dominated by far-off unfamiliar powers that have gone big . 
  it 's a typical weu way of thinking `` we 'll be fine on our own because we 'll be fine on our own . '', 
  by whom ? 
  we should focus on our own abilities ... we 've been fine for centuries . 
  we have capable people and should protect that . 
  we 've focused too much on our guilt , trying to help africa importing people without a future in europe ... only to see the chinese take africa , and our own countries going to shit . 
  we should focus not on wars but on more independence from oil ... 
  it 's all political , get rid of being lapdogs of the us foreign strategy and focus on our strengths . 
  science and innovation is where we excel . 
  look what the germans during the second world war achieved . 
  they laid the foundation for the russian and american space program . 
  we still have those capabilities if we focus on them , just look at germany ... 
  i agree with a lot of your views , my main problem is indeed the euro ... 
  but also the lack of democracy and the tendency to an ever increasing union , it has become too powerful ... 
  i think we 're too late to adjust course and need to crash the ship and rebuild . 
   the people have said , keep single market access while restricting migration . 
  their negotiation partners said it does n't work like that . 
  here you have a point that hurts the most . . every nation individually wants to limit immigration , yet the eu does not . 
  so everybody points to the eu , while we should be the eu . 
   referendums are great , if they are meaningless . 
  otherwise ? 
  have a vote on less taxes and one on more public spending . 
  hell , have a single vote for both questions . 
  the results will be contradictory . 
  you underestimate the people . . you present them clearly what you need taxes for and people will pay . 
  you waste taxpayers money and they 'll shut it down ... that 's how it should work . 
  i 'm willing to pay for the elderly , not for migrants ... let 's ave a vote on that . 
  you 're talking like we 're stuck with the eu , but we 're not . . we can have most of the positives without the negatives . 
  better get used to it . . you wo n't be able to get anywhere if you keep that up . 
  this will only get worse before it 'll ever get better , ` home-grown ' terrorism is here to stay . 
  if there 's a market i 'm sure somebody will offer it , guess they could n't compete with turkey ... 
  but that has changed since more and more people are willing to pay more not to go to turkey . 
  just like egypt . . less and less westerners are willing to come . 
  i did n't say france could n't be in the eu , just about the coin here ... france has been fucking up the 3 % rule since the beginning , that 's the biggest reason . 
  i know why the eu was created , and it served it 's purpose . . 
  but it 's time to go back to before the maastricht treaty . 
  anyway i do n't think we 'll ever see a war between european-nations , worst i see is a balkan like situation a couple decades down the road ... 
  like ? 
   only 5 % of the money actually went to greeks . 
  95 % directly went to financial institutions and countries . 
  so do n't care about who gets it , we had to pay for it ... 
  if greece was n't in the euro they would never have gotten that money ( both the loans and the bailouts ) . 
   really , as a smaller nation you do n't have a say anyway . 
  sovereignty is an illusion . 
  you just hope the big nations around you do n't come to fight it out in your country . 
  with the eu , they now just fight verbally and at least the small nations get a guaranteed place at the negotiation table . 
  it 's progress . 
  i 'd like to have influence on the ones that make the law ... sure you 're always dependent on the countries around you , but at least we get to decide which path we take . 
  switzerland is small , they seem pretty sovereign ...  that was a decision of your government . 
  why blame the eu ? 
  because it just shows we have no say anymore ... our politicians rather listen to brussels than to their own people .
