  and that war wo n't be between europeans . . we can make deals , but we do n't need a superstate for that . 
  and especially not a common coin and fiscal policy . 
  he 's sending afghans , iraqis , somalians , eritreans now ? 
  cause syrians are only a minority . 
  i say we capture some desert in libya like the good old days , build some nice camps ... with our guidance those camps will grow to be as good as middle eastern cities get these days . 
  while we do that we kick turkey out of the nato and place our ships between their borders and greece . 
  it would be solved within a month . . 
  mark rutte is an always smiling idiot/hypocrite/lier . . do n't get your hopes up . 
  disgusting , we might as well keep the current situation . . save 6 billion a year . 
  whether we get syrians + turks or afghans and iraqis it 's all the same ... only the first two will be legal to stay while with the others we might have some chances to deport them when we have the inevitable regime changes in europe . 
  6 billion builds a lot of fences , we might have to start laying mines again . . 
  but if the germans do it and document it properly like they always do it makes sense . 
  compete in what way ? 
  militarily ? 
  economically ? 
  socially ? 
  we do n't need to compete on those scales , we can perfectly exist as sovereign countries ... 
  play the super powers against each other and get the best of both worlds . 
  i know but until the public will is there it 's all we can do ... and it will have to get a lot worse before it gets better . 
   i 've never met anyone who would call you racist for something like that . 
  you have terrible friends if this is true . 
  yeah that part caught my eyes too , could be a troll or someone with an agenda ... though these things do happen regularly , so i 'm giving it the benefit of the doubt . 
  better get used to it , not much you can do about it ... next time hit him ( if you can spot him ) and start making a scene , hopefully people will react . 
  in the city i live in ( rotterdam ) this is a normal occurrence these days in certain night-life places ... you find a good new place , it becomes busier and you get a good mix . 
  then certain types start showing up and the weeks/months after you see less and less women coming ... 
  door policy is key here , sadly it 's not possible in public transport . 
  made a first sketch , i think we could make this work . . 
  i left behind the parts we do n't need , they 'll be sold to belgium and germany . 
  i 'm all for that , us and the northern countries ... germany can join again if they come to their senses before it 's too late . 
  just no more euro and technocrats making rules for our countries ... free trade and movement is fine , as long as we have a secure outer border . 
  yes please leave , both for your sake and ours ... you guys can make the first dent , and show it 's a good thing to be independent but trading freely . 
  hopefully the rest will follow and we 'll have a reboot ... 
   your issue is with moroccan migrants . 
  so you can not put a blanket statement over other countries and do a red herring fallacy . 
  we 've got berbers . . not your typical moroccan . 
  they send us the ones they could do without , people from casablanca are a different breed so to say . 
   that 's an exaggeration and an appeal to fear . 
  in morocco , atheists are speaking their position . 
  no executions or expulsions there . 
  that 's one out of how many ? 
   africa is n't a country . 
  some african countries are rapidly growing . 
  talking about the continent here , do n't care where it 's growing ... 
  they only differ by the amount of shit it is . 
  even south-africa is too far gone ... those people i 'd give asylum , with the amount of white hate that 's going on there . 
   and that has less to do with immigrants and more to do with expanding the `` research and academics '' . 
  true , but everybody needs a degree is partly fueled by the need of everybody needing to be equal ... 
  it starts at a young age and continues to the top , standards are being lowered . 
  ask any teacher that 's been around for 20 + years . 
  the reasons might be two-fold , but immigrants are bringing down the level of education ... mixed classes are almost without exception doing worse . 
   besides you did n't argue against the notion that the fertility rates drops for next generation . 
  and many african countries are seeing a rise in their economy and chinese investment , this lessens the incentive to go to nertherlands . 
  further , a country like morocco is evolving economically . 
  it may not be as wealthy soon but every decade the incentive to migrate lessens more . 
  africa will continue to grow , and they still wo n't be able to provide for themselves ... more will come . 
   rise in their economy and chinese investment china is raping africa more than europe ever did ... just like with our aid a select few get rich . 
   the internet , social media , tv , etc. . . make people 's opinion change a lot . 
  just look at how quick people accepted gay marriage despite being against it just 20-25 years ago.if your position of religion and politics is so enlightening than you can win over people . 
  not if there 's death and expulsion waiting for you ... see iran/egypt/iraq in the 60s/70s vs now . 
  we 're moving backwards ... also do n't think we stoned people to death for adultery , or thrown people of buildings for being gay . 
   you 're confusing correlation with causation . 
  degrees were worth more before because there were more job opportunities . 
  yes , but standards went down too ... we have a lot more bullshit degrees . 
   hetto 's are forming and the white-flight is in full effect . 
  what city ? 
  if you 're going to make a claim be more precise so your statement can be verifiable . 
  every large western-european city , the ones i 've seen for myself : london , paris , rotterdam , the hague , amsterdam . 
  even at levels of 30 % which is not unthinkable , we 'll be going backwards a lot . . just after we 've defeated christianity we 're importing a far more dangerous religion . 
  islam tends to try and push it 's belief onto others and the daily happenings in life . 
  we 're seeing sharia zones in london already ... not on my watch . 
  and then i 'm not even speaking about the decline in national iq that will and already has resulted from the import ( since the 60/70s ) , we 've been seeing for a while now . . test and standards are being lowered for equal opportunity and all that . 
  a degree of 20 years ago is a lot more than one today . 
  classes up to high school are mixed in intelligence level , and the ones with more migrants are dragging the smarter ones down . 
  a nation is nothing more than a collection of people , if you bring the third world here in the numbers we 've been seeing . . we 'll become the third world . 
  my own city is about 25 % muslim now , and it has n't gotten better ... ghetto 's are forming and the white-flight is in full effect . 
  no thanks , and with africa booming and migration at steady levels anything . . around 50 % in a few generations is not unthinkable . 
   the cost of living tends to increase over time when an economy is growing . 
  i know , but it 's more than that ... 
  i get the standard stuff as rising quality if living etc , fancier healthcare etc. 
  but that does n't seem to be enough to justify the changes we 're seeing between what our parents could afford at my age vs what we can afford ( speaking about averages here ) . 
  there seems to be massive leaks , one i can explain . . more welfare costs , more structural unemployment due to outsourcing and automation ( i ca n't really count the increasing bureaucratic machine , bullshit government jobs as employment , it 's just a type of welfare for a lot of them ) . 
  this will only increase with the increasing migrant population ... another factor seems to be the downfall of the middle-income jobs , a large part is automation . . today 's minimum-wage jobs used to be somewhat more respected ( retail , is a big example ) . 
  so the more capable people have to compete for jobs the little jobs that are left , bringing down wages . 
  then there 's the ultra-rich ... 
  they 've been bending the rules for a while now and they 're pretty much untouchable , the discrepancy has been increasing ever since the cold-war ended . 
  since there is no more reason to have honest wages to combat communism . 
  now that 's where the eu comes in , due to free movement of people the capable will leave for better places . 
  where they 'll compete and lower local wages . 
  while back home they have a brain-drain ... another factor is the power of the eu that can be harnessed by the big companies/banks . 
  it 's easier to ` infiltrate/lobby ' and control one big entity where people are practically unaccountable for their actions ... 
  if my government fucks up we can get rid of it , if germany fucks up ( and the eu with it ) , what can i do ? 
  we 've seen it happen with the expansion of the eu , the implementation of the euro . . 
  the greek crisis that followed , the immigration-crisis etc. 
  we 've been paying for bullshit and more unnecessary things than ever before ... watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co4ayo4myzg ) and tell me the eu that has been created can be fixed . . 
  i think we have no other option that to shut it down , take our losses and rebuild . 
  germany has done it twice last century , they 'll survive a third time . 
   the more likey scenario is that europe never collapses , and we keep having to suffer through this crap with no prospect of ever just washing our hands of it all . 
  that 's something i fear , the slowly boiling frog ... we 're having another wake-up call , let 's hope it 's enough this time . 
   are they incompatible with europe ? 
  yeah definitely . . we 've got a few of them , do n't cause too much trouble but still are a danger to society ( refuse to vaccinate ) .
