  do n't make me laugh . 
  i wonder if this is just one more of those , look at us being good boys ( especially for their eu buddies ) ... we do that way too often and get screwed a lot by having this mentality . 
  to top off the hypocrisy we 've just brokered a deal giving turkey ( which violates human rights , but somehow is still a nato member ) , 6 billion ... 
  guess what they 're using it for ( [ hint ] ( https://twitter.com/alptekinakdogan/status/707886157879762944 ) ) . 
  i hope we at least get some of it back by being the ones exporting parts for those weapons . 
  i hope so , we 're quite a big arms exporter . . 
  has n't been enforced for a while now , think of it as a dormant law . 
  still should be removed , but it 's kinda irrelevant . 
  we also have towns where one can be fined for using swearwords . . nobody ever gets fined though . 
  nah those mocros already have weapons and would n't have to go to poland to get them ... 
  i 'd bet terrorists . 
  please do n't they 'll be back on the streets within a month ... bad childhood , misunderstood never done anything wrong . . bad friends , wo n't do it again etc. . 
  that 's a shame . . where is our voc mentality , trivial stuff like human rights did n't stop us before . 
  i 'm all for a worldwide ban , but this is stupid . 
  that 's the question ... is it worth having another innocent person raped/killed so 19 others that raped and/or killed before have a life ? 
  them becoming productive members of society it not the norm ... 
  i 'm leaning towards removal from society ... that is with premeditated crimes , crimes of passion are harder to judge and one would have to look at the circumstances . 
  we should do the same . . 
  drug dealers will often have to kill to get somewhere ... or protect their share of the pie . 
  but i was just giving an example , of how crime pays and if i were n't hold back by my conscious i would be able to do well . 
   most psychopaths have been taught a working cost analysis and are able to stay out of trouble i see no reason for the criminal ones to not be able to do that . 
  crime pays ... if i had no emotions holding me back i 'd be pretty sure i 'd be a decent drug-dealer . 
   jackie arkl\u00f6v how do you know he 's honest ? 
  psychopaths have the ability to act ... 
  they can still be remorseless and do it again . 
  why take the risk ? 
  same with pedophiles who have raped ... ( although i do think they should be helped more to prevent that in time ) . 
  but just like we kill dogs that attacked humans , we should remove those types of human beings from society forever ( not by killing them , but by locking them up ) . 
  i think that justifiable . . you ca n't punish them too harshly for that since it 's part of their culture , and all cultures are equal . 
  they just did n't know any better . 
  you honestly think everybody deserves a second chance , what about a third or fourth ? 
  i think in certain cases the risks are too high ... just lock them up , throw the key away . 
  shove some food into there every now and then , and give them the option to euthanasia . 
  it should be common sense by the media ... 
  they self-censor all the time , this might actually be useful for a change . 
   but even so , why not allow economic migrants ? 
  if they come to europe , get a job , improve their situation , pay taxes , and support their family , then what 's the problem ? 
  because they have nothing to add to our countries ... 
  most of them have a backwards views . 
  experience confirms that ... look at the amount of somalis without a job , it 's about 70 % . 
  maybe you 've met the exception , and the fact he was learning swedish might confirm that . 
  since most sit at home eating qat ... syrian refugees make up 20 % , so lets skip those . . 
  i 'll give them the benefit of the doubt , but even so why not live in turkey ? 
  why should we let them come here , where the chances of them going back are very slim . 
  now we 've got afghans , iraqis , morrocans , tunisians etc. . . 
  experience tells us that even the ones who arrived in the 60s still have their children lacking . 
  still holding islamic views ( anti-gay , anti-woman ) ... just let them stay in turkey where you have a president that shares those views . 
  if you have time to leave your family you 're not really in danger now are you , then you are not a refugee ... you 're an economic migrant . 
  ca n't blame them though , i blame our governments ... 
  there are so many shitty countries , if we were to label them all as refugees it 's going to get pretty busy ... and we 'll have to look for refugee ourselves . 
  oh come on ... you 've seen the interviews right , you 've seen the pamphlets used to lure them . 
  if you honestly believe this you 're either seriously delusional or very uninformed . 
  mostly young men looking for riches and adventure ... 
  some leaving their family behind ( i 'd never do that ) . 
  it just means more illegals living in sweden , but it 's a western-european problem ... no country ever deports it 's illegal aliens unless they cooperate . 
  the politicians will say their native countries wo n't take them back , why they do n't hurt those countries economically until they cave ... 
  i have no idea . 
  coming from turkey it 's only a really short trip , you can basically see the coast you 're heading to . 
  if they came from libya it would be a different story . 
  at the very least be locked up and not given any attention ... 
  but he keeps making headlines . 
  just remember that these people were the stupid ones ... 
  letting themselves be caught , because it 's not like we have any idea what happened or who the people that are here really are . 
  exactly i do n't see the problem here , there are many like him , all welcomed by merkel ... sweden is being very unwelcome here . 
  maybe we can set up a extradition treaty with assad ? 
  i doubt it is , just read yesterday that in our country 25 % of the applications is from balkan countries ( wo n't be accepted ) , and 70 % of the total applications are accepted . 
  so that means that from the remaining 75 % , 93.33 % is accepted ... you tell me that of all those people crossing the border only 6.66 % are not real refugees ? 
  i 'm guessing they got lucky , because they sure as hell do n't have the manpower , nor will to do proper checks . 
  it was the first eu related thing we could get a referendum on ... 
  the organizers wanted more democracy in europe . 
  i know , it 's not what i 'm looking for but erdogan might ... we even have them in our parlement , direct influence . 
  even more so indirect through mosques , and other organisations . 
  i think you misread my comment , the people i 've met were mostly erdogan haters . . 
  i 'm well aware of the fact most here are not , mostly stupid ones , but they 'll be the first ones over after they can travel without visums . 
  depends on what his ( long-term ) plans are . . 
  the more turks living in europe the more influence he and the ones after him have . 
  if he 's a true islamist ( it looks that way ) , he wants all of europe to be islamic , hence he 'd want as many of them here as possible . 
  sounds like a good plan ... 
  they drop wages for our lower-class ... hard working people , i quite like them . 
  but before they come doing work here i 'd like our own people who sit at home to be forced to do those jobs . 
  when we fixed that they 're welcome to come do jobs here . 
  it also leaks money from our economy because a lot of it is spent in their home country ( not saying they should all come and live here though ) . 
  his stance will lead to turkey becoming a failed me-nation like any other ... 
  if it does n't you 'll be a theocracy like iran after he 's done with you . 
  europe might be weak now , but we have our breaking point ... 
  i really support the secular turks and hope someone like ataturk might rise again , but i do n't have high hopes for that . 
  generally i like turkish people , met a lot of good ones but they 're the ataturk kind ... 
   with the level of german military spending , it 'll very light . 
  we do n't need a force like america , russia or china . . we only need to be able to defend ourselves and our borders . 
  modern war is not a all out war ... just build some nukes and we 'll be fine . 
   those who wan na be here are already here . 
  i hope you 're right but i doubt it , you could have said the same about eastern europeans . . still they came . 
  and if that 's true why do they need it ? 
   those two things are contradictory . 
  no it 's not , we 'll start our own nato light . . europe only . 
  visa means more immigration , and there wo n't be coming less . . we 'll net at 0 without the turks , now it 'll increase . 
  6 billion a year builds a lot of fences , and can pay for quite some navy patrols . 
  create leverage . . 
  threaten to leave nato if turkey does n't work with us . 
  start patrolling the greece borders and tow them back to their coast .
