  but they 've been on the decline for a while now , so it 's manageable . 
  although i 'd still have rather have them over most of our imported fellows ... 
  sad to think they might actually be our only defense , since they 're still having children and a lot of those children leave their extreme religion . 
  while the non-religious educated people have stopped having children . 
  it 's our religious crazies , uneducated poor and the muslim migrants who 'll decide the future of our continent :( . 
  i 'll cheer for our religious crazies in that case ... 
  i 'd say erdogan is pretty islamist do n't you think ? 
  from what i can see he 's using the gradual approach ... 
  killing journalism and dissidents ( figuratively , by jailing them ) while slowly moving forwards ( or backwards depending on how you look at it ) . 
  maybe he 's only a dictator type using islam as a guise but i do n't trust him to protect turkey 's kemalism , combine that with loads of uneducated country folk voting for him . . and you have to fear for the future . 
  but maybe my view is wrong , i 'm not living there ... 
  but it 's interesting ( in a scary way ) what has been happening to turkey since erdogan , economically successful but socially not so much . 
  that 'll stop when joining the eu . . we 're boycotting them if i remember correctly . 
  poor bosnia . 
  yeah seems the way islam is heading ... the days of [ ataturk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kemalism ) , [ gamal abdel nasser ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx4rk8bj2w0 ) and [ mohammad mossadegh ] ( http://all-that-is-interesting.com/shah-iran ) seem to be far behind us . 
  i fear for bosnia . . 
  but maybe they can say the exception , too bad turkey did n't hold on . 
   that is n't true , western countries did n't become poorer after 2004 . 
  ee do n't produce wealth at the expense of western wealth and enlarge the market . 
   and the benefits are other than economic : more international power , stability and democracy in ee countries reduce threaths to western prosperity and peace , increasing cooperation facilitates resolution of conflicts ... maybe not on paper , but everybody can feel the effects . . 
  it 's not longer possible to live on a single wage and raise a child . 
  young people have a very hard time buying houses , and everything has become more expensive after the euro ( in the netherlands that is , even when counting regular inflation ) . 
   and the benefits are other than economic : more international power , stability and democracy in ee countries reduce threaths to western prosperity and peace , increasing cooperation facilitates resolution of conflicts ... 
  if anything we 're heading for civil war , we 've seen it with the euro crisis and now with the migration crisis . 
  the eu has no power , and is far from democratic . 
  it 's basically run by germany ... 
  i want my country back like it was in the 60s/70s ... sure aging population and all that , but we 've been seeing a increase in productivity and that should have been plenty of offset it . 
  yet we 're spending money on everything but our own people . 
  all the eu did is make our countries/populations easier to control by big capital ... before we could vote away politicians if they fucked up too much . 
  now all the deals are made by shady people in the eu parlement . 
  yes we need free trade and cooperation , but we need sovereign countries ... and not try to lump all different european cultures together . 
  if you want to do that , you 'll need to create a eu superstate , and i 'm not willing to do that ... 
  you should start exporting the bosnian version to the middle-east . . 
  it sounds like a much needed update . 
  when you 're a poor country you benefit ( temporarily ) , when you 're rich you pay ... 
  soon we 'll all the poor , but till the playing field is completely leveled poor countries will keep want to join us . 
  like it 's not already splitting the eurozone ? 
  now we have both , millions of uneducated migrants that will weigh on our society for generations to come . . and a splitting eurozone . 
  although i 'd be quite happy if this would result in the eu splitting up . . 
  ow wow who would have expected that !, 
  they all seem so perfectly assimilated in our societies ... 
  if they knew they 'd be stuck in eastern-europe 70 % would n't even come . . 
  or people will stop coming after they see they 're not welcome anymore . . ? 
  buy a piece of desert in libya built huge camps there , ship them all there ... 
  i hope you 're right in what you 're implying but i 'm quite sure we will ... erdogan has got them by their balls , just wait till the summer ... 
  nah not erdogan 's turkey , they 've been regressing ever since he came to power ... 
  the secular thinking people of turkey have become a minority :( . 
  but you 're living/from there so maybe you could explain to me why a secular country would vote for an islamist , who said that democracy is like a train you get out when you arrived at your destination ? 
   yeah what you think is nice and all , but what 's important is what eu thinks . 
  yeah why discuss anything . . we 're not in power anyway : s. 
  i 'm for a safe haven , just buy some libyan desert from a warlord and make a deal with him ... ship them all over there . 
  most will return to their own countries , and the true syrian refugees will remain ... as we 've seen elsewhere a city will arise and we have to protect that till it 's safe to return . 
  but i do n't like to be pushed around by an islamist who 's destroying one of the few muslim countries i still have/had a little hope for . 
  ah yeah , let 's give him 3 billion a year . . 
  i 'm sure he 'll keep his word , such an honorable man . 
  why do n't we have leaders with balls like putin ? 
  sure not everything he does is good , but we could use a little of his smarts and strategy ... we should be the ones pushing erdogan around , not the other way around . 
  true , noble intentions yet impossible in the world we live in ... 
  i could see it working when the whole world was like europe was in the 60s . 
  but it 's not :(, 
  not for a while , but if it continues on this path and i want to have children i might consider letting them grow up somewhere safer . 
  i mean i 'm a male strong enough to defend myself and feel safe pretty much anywhere in europe ... 
  but if i were to have a daughter at some point i 'd think twice in letting them grow up in a city in western-europe . 
  and this is not only because of the refugees we see now , but also because of the 2nd/3rd/4th / 5th generations deteriorating our society . 
  i see a trend i hope it 's false but i do n't have high hopes ... 
  i have read the bible , yet it 's very contradictory . 
  the version we see today in western-europe is that of a hippie . 
  the truth i dunno was n't there ... like most religions you pick and chose whatever fits your ideas . 
  i think it should be read as the sgp does it , but today we see the version of the christen-unie prevail . 
  my favorite passages : 1 timothe\u00fcs 2:12 , romeinen 1:26 -32 , mattheus 10:34 -37 , lukas 14:26 , lukas 19:27 , lukas 12:42 -48 , matthe\u00fcs 15:22 -28 , kollossenzen 3:22 , efezi\u00ebrs 6:5 all new testament since some say jesus updated the old one ( i know there are verses that deny this ) ... you see i know enough of the bible to judge . 
  been to a christian school too , and i do n't agree with the whole do n't judge thing . 
  japan is very racist , while it may save their culture/people it 's not very welcoming to us foreigners  new zealand seems a good option though , australia might pull through as well with their migration policies . 
  i put my money on eastern-europe , if only they can tackle their corruption ... we 'll see what happens , all most can do is vote at the moment . 
  unless you have the ambition/capabilities to be a politician all you can do is hope for the right people to stand up and support them . 
   i 'm just wondering if it will be hitlers or islamists at this point . 
  really incredible that it has come to this point , but it 's starting to look more and more likely that we will have a civil war again in europe at some point ... to think that even something like the rwandese genocide is not unthinkable in the future of europe is kinda sickening when comparing it to the 60s/70s . 
  hope we can turn the tide in a civilized way ... 
  yup that 's why a lot of things were gradually getting better , until we started the mass import of a different religion . 
  in the basis it is ... 
  i mean do you really think people saw jesus after rising from the dead ? 
  no they were stories ... 
  most of us are smart enough to see that now , but who knows where we might be a thousand years from now . 
  it all started somewhere , i mean who would have thought scientology would be taken seriously some day ? 
  and yet it is by a large group of people . 
  maybe civilization got wiped out and there are some remnant of the fsm lying around ... people ( some newly evolved radiation resistant super apes ) might just start believing it . 
  enlightened . . or those that thought christianity needed an update and we should stop taking it literally . 
  now the a lot of us went ahead and took the next step ... let 's hope the rest follows . 
  well i still ca n't believe christians and muslims are serious , i mean come worshiping a hippie walking on water and a pedophile . . 
  i think they 're all playing a joke on the rest of us . 
  because that would be the best explanation to what we 're seeing in the world today . 
  what makes a serious religion ? 
  people who are involved in scientology take their shit pretty serious ... would you say that 's a measure ? 
  or is it the likelihood of the religion being true ? 
  because then i really would n't know where to put my money between jesus and the spaghetti monster . . all i can hope that they both are viewed equally some day ... because that would mean we 've taken some huge steps as mankind . 
  yeah that 's the catch . . erdogan wo n't take anyone back unless it 's proven they came from turkey . 
  which is hard to do unless you catch them in the act . 
  so in exchange for 3 billion and him taking a couple of 1000 of migrants we get 250.000 new migrants each year . 
  and because they wont send a way people without treating their request as normal it will still take a long time and not a ferry directly back to turkey . 
  on top of that we all know that it 's impossible to forcefully deport somebody from europe . 
  so it may sound good on paper we 'll get screwed again , not that i was expecting anything else .
