  rutte to save the day , where are my 1000 euros rutte ? 
  nah they need to fight corruption but they 've got a lot of potential , especially if we see the people able to flee western-europe move eastward ( as they will be the more capable people ) . 
  looking at romania for example , a city like [ cluj ] ( http://www.bestcityineurope.com/welcometocluj/ ) ... lots of potential , sure you have gypsies ... 
  but the worst of them are in western-europe stealing stuff . 
  as we 'll have an ever drifting apart society and move towards south-african type of society they have a chance of building something together . 
  they 're already miles ahead of where they were somewhat years ago , that might be because of our money but they 'll be able to pick it up from there i 'm sure . 
   pay the turks to seal the border with syria , iraq and lebanon you know who is leading turkey right ? 
  you should look up some erdogan quotes , we should give him no money at all . 
  kick them out of nato and start patrolling the waters . 
  i feel sad for the many secular turks but they 've lost the breading battle and are outvoted by stupid islamists . 
   send eu peacekeeping force to libya now this is something i could get behind , building huge camps in the desert is something we should do . 
  it will be a place to safely deport those that burn their passports or where their country wo n't take them back . 
   if eu goes , there will be war in europe soon after . 
  the eu is quickly causing europeans to be closer than ever before , they are the common enemy the soviets once were ... 
  there wo n't be a war between countries , most people want the same : their countries back . 
  it may take a couple million refugees more , but we 'll see a huge shift in politics if it continues at this pace . 
  and part of me hopes it does , because we 're suffering from the [ slowly boiling frog syndrome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boiling_frog ) . 
  but even it 's all somehow magically stopped i feel like the cat is already out of the bag , interesting times ahead of us , 2017 will decide the future of europe . 
  either the west continues to kill itself and all hope will be on eastern-europe ... or the west takes back control and we might try to rebuild our once so beautiful continent . 
  interesting times . 
  it worked when we started . . maastricht treaty should have been where we stopped , just before the euro . 
  maybe we can go back to that , so the maastricht criteria . 
  but if a country fails we do n't have to ship shit loads of money , and countries can determine at any time to get out without too much consequences . 
  no depends on the trade agreements you make , you can have a free trading zone without the eu ... just need to have agreements with individual governments . 
  that did n't threathen their pet-project . . 
  we 're not that tiny , got a huge port . . we 'll manage , they do n't listen to us in the eu anyway . 
  it makes no difference whatsoever ... germany rules the eu , and we would also depend on germany if we were n't in the eu . 
  the difference is , we do n't have to pay for eastern/southern europe . 
  get to make our own laws , and control our own immigration policy . 
  nah it will be turkey , germany and france . 
  anyway , it wont work ... too many differences between the countries , and we should keep it that way . 
  you ca n't force the northern-european way upon the southern and eastern countries . 
  sounds great !, 
  i 'm a nationalist , or at least nationalistic ... 
  i care about my country . 
  there is no mutual benefit , we can trade with the ukraine regardless of this treaty . 
  for me it does , germany ruling europe does n't sound right . 
  maybe that 's one thing they did ok ( not an expert ) , but i count many more failures . 
  in turkey it worked in stopping islamist . . 
  the eu together with the us worked to make turkey more democratically by destroying the army 's power . 
  what they 've done instead is make a dictator ... 
  these people are not ready for a full democracy , i feel very sorry for the secular turks ... 
  how is it twisting and bending ? 
  the more democracy the better , we should hold more referendums . . you think turkey would have gotten visa free travel , greece the bailouts ? 
  etc. . . 
  we 're paying enough for eastern-europe , do n't need another money pit . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/eu-haushalt-dafuer-gibt-die-europaeische-union-ihr-geld-aus-a-1064576.html that 's reason 1 , reason 2 : corrupt government , no added value except a expanding of eu power . 
  the people of the ukraine will benefit just as much from a regular trade agreement . 
  i do n't think it will be that bad if this deals falls through , and they 've already implemented most of it anyway ... 
  the rest is about power and expansion . 
  i think the ukraine episode worsened the russian recession right ? 
  because if the eu did n't force russia to take action then maybe there would still be trade and no sanctions ? 
  the eu played a dangerous game and everybody lost ... 
  i 'll vote for the benefit of my country , and i think the eu needs to be contained at the very least ... 
  i like the european cooperation but it should be without an all powerful government . 
  free trade , and movement of people ( under certain rules ) are all great ... 
  but the eu not so much , especially for us , [ source ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/eu-haushalt-dafuer-gibt-die-europaeische-union-ihr-geld-aus-a-1064576.html ) i get it from an eastern-european point of view ... 
  but you 'll be surpassing us soon enough as we 'll be seeing the effects of mass-immigration come to light more and more the coming decades . 
  in 30 years you may even thank us , because you do n't have to pay for the western-europeans mistakes . 
  also on a more personal note , and it 's not an issue for the upcoming referdum . . 
  your army ` lost ' data of a flight that costs many ( dutch ) lives ... not saying you guys were responsible in any way but it 's worrying to say the least . 
  and your militia 's fighting against the russians still have some [ paintings ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2015/dec/07/stolen-dutch-paintings-sale-ukrainian-militia ) that belong to us . 
   centralised political enforcement . 
  nah if a country does n't abide by the rules their neighboring countries can take actions ... no need for a centralized enforcement . 
  we 're seeing it now already , hungary is building fences because the other countries do n't abide by the rules . 
  but countries that need help enforcing can call upon nato , greece should have done that . . just blockade the seas . 
  turkey has had external oversight , the eu helped erdogan get the power he has today ( by forcing the dismantling of the army ) . 
  so the oversight means nothing , they went backwards ... we were already trading with ukraine . 
  do n't have a source but i 've spoken to someone trading with the ukraine for years , and his trades went down a lot because ukraine biggest market was russia . 
  now that 's gone ... 
  i respect the guys and girls at maiden a lot , but sadly you 've been played . 
  i hope it cools down soon , and hope you can become prosperous but i would n't rely on the eu . 
  why ca n't it be done ? 
  we 've got the nato right , we had that before the eu ? 
  fix your corrupt government , i 'm all for supporting you but that could be done without this deal ... 
  this is just geo-politics aimed at pissing off russia and expanding the eu superstate . 
  trust me we 're doing you a favor , after this comes free movement of people . . you 'll have a braindrain . 
   and it does n't entitle us to any handouts from dutch state or eu as a whole ? 
  did n't you already got some ? 
  i 'm all for an independent ukraine , dealing with both russia and the eu ... 
  but not this way . 
  you 'll go from the ussr to the eussr , not a good move . 
  i just think big is n't necessarily better . . 
  the thing is the way the eu is heading ( and they 've said so themselves ) there will be no more nations , no more different people ... 
  it will all be a bland mix . 
  you get together with a group of people that are alike and make the best of it , when the differences are too big it wont work . 
  now these groups of people tend to already be in nations , because they took some time to form ... 
  true it 's not the case everywhere and people are still fighting for independence in certain places . 
  but when forcing a group of people together that are too different , like we see in the middle-east you get tensions ... 
  only within the eu ... and no benefits unless you 've worked for 10 + years . 
  i do n't like to be governed by people from other nations ... 
  i 'm dutch in the first place , not european . 
  it 's also a very indirect democracy for such an important institution , more referendums are needed at the very least ... 
  but then again , when we have one and vote against something . 
  they 'll change the label and pass it ... 
   so what , you propose anarchy ? 
  dont know how big companies are relevant as actually the eu commission has sued and fined huge corporations for not paying taxes for example . 
  they are calculated in the price . . 
  i 'm talking about ttip like treaties , before they needed lobbying with national governments ... who are in fear of not getting reelected , now they just have to talk to some bureaucrats that are at best indirectly chosen , and face no consequences . 
   who is importing cheap labour ?
