  take jews for example , they 're above average smart ... often in high-positions even when they only make up a small part of the population . 
  you really need to try hard to get deported here ... 
  so i guess they must have been really bad . 
   maybe you europeans can now understand why the secular people have been so intolerant towards fundamentalist islamists in the middle east . 
  nah we wo n't , it will take another generation at least . . we 'll have the same election results as always and nothing will change . 
  this is just posturing and there no will to really do anything about it ( yet ) . 
  there were no elections back then ... and not 400.000 russians living in our borders . 
  now i think of it , we might have been invaded if we did have russians instead of turks living here . 
  does it matter ? 
  university draws intelligent people mostly , most immigrants are not ... 
  so your friends might not be a good representation of the average . 
  i too have foreign friends from university , yet when i compare them with the children of immigrants i play football with there are a lot of differences . 
  yeah like that one , but i fear it might be too small . 
  it 's causing a anti eu sentiment because of the way the eu currently works ... 
  in theory we could have a great thing , yet the implementation is so lacking we will go back to full blown nationalism in 20-30 years . 
  wilders is a mild form of nationalism , we need it . 
  as we can see today with the turks living here , and we have the same thing with morrocans , extrapolate this another generation and we 'll have huge problems . 
  time to put a stop to it now , with double nationalities and stuff . 
  you 'll have very high tensions , and a few crisis ' and we can have riots in the streets every week ... 
  if we abort the eu now , focus on getting our shit together instead of full-blown globalism then it might not be too late . 
  get your shit in order , add protection to those who want to take advantage and then start to look outwards again . 
  but currently because of eu laws we ca n't do that ... 
  270.000 turks were allowed to vote , 69 % percent voted akp . 
   the eu has allowed europe to experience peace the longest it has in it 's history and not to mention the negotiating power a united europe gives us . 
  i do n't think the eu caused this peace , but rather endangers it at the moment ... 
  rebuilding it from within is the best we can hope for , we need a strong right and skeptical towards the eu parties in there . 
  unless wilders get a majority i do n't see us even leaving the eu , but i hope the others listen to him in the things that are wrong wit the eu and fix it . 
  we are already seeing it in our response in this case , do you think this would have happened if geert was n't doing well in the polls . 
  sadly there is no pim fortuyn anymore , so i 'll just vote to adjust the center . 
  they do n't have elections coming up this shortly , 
  do n't worry we have about 400.000 turks living here ... 
  even though 70 % support erdogan , there 's still 30 % that are reasonable and we respect those people ( turks here tend to work hard , the ones that do that is ) . 
  as a turk you 're viewed better than a morrocan for example ... 
  so there should be absolutely no problem , even as a morrocan btw ... 
  it 's not like we have groups attacking them in the streets . 
  in it 's current for i think it 's a cancer ... 
  both economically ( constantly shipping money from north to south , we 're not only talking about the bail-outs here ) , and the thought behind it ( a federal europe ) . 
  i want to be a sovereign nation again , my solution would be a neuro and zeuro , maybe even another one for eastern-europe . 
  make it three blocks ... united when it comes to military foreign policy and border controls , free trade . . 
  but limits on benefits for eu citizens moving abroad . 
  working is fine but against local conditions ( this is often undermined now , and is costing our own lowerclass ) i want to go back to the eeg time , so focus on trade and have a unified border and immigration control , based on intellectual immigration only . 
  sadly there is no party for this , so i think the best way to go is to break it down first ... then rebuild it in another form . 
  it 's easy ... 
  they only see turkey ( erdogan ) playing with eu , showing power . 
  it 's a culture of power , those people that live here are mostly rednecks . 
  sure there are also a lot of kemalist , but most of them are just akp supporters from the countryside ( the first generation ) . 
  they only respect power and strength . . 
  so i 'm glad we finally showed our balls , even if it 's only for the elections . 
  i 'm still worried therefore i 'll vote pvv , until a better alternative comes along . 
  we need a big block on the right to keep the other parties on their toes when it comes to these issues . 
  because of elections ... 
  they 'll vote for the dutch akp . . denk . 
  [ edit : akp ], 
  it 's a bad article but it probably still was as move to undermine wilders though ... you think this would have happened if the elections were n't near ? 
  normally we would have had the same reaction as germany ... 
  i hope you wo n't be disappointed this is all because of the upcoming elections , they want to take the wind out of wilders ' sails . 
  because this is exactly what wilders has been warning for ... now they act tough and say we 'll also do something about it . 
  after the elections we 'll apologize ... 
  it 's what elections do to a country , i wish we were always like this . 
  the right wo n't gain by this in the netherlands , since all the parties agreed to this ( except for the dutch akp , who answer directly to erdogan ) . 
  they can say to wilders , look we can protect our country too , if it was n't for the upcoming elections nothing would have happened . 
  yeah finally , it 's only because elections are near though . . so after wednesday apologies will be made and everything will be back to normal . 
  guys like pechtold were laughing at the fact that they had to shout bang bang during exercises , and i do n't see jesse klaver spending any money on military ... we might have a centre left government , i do n't see a good future for our military or security forces . 
  do n't forget expensive as hell . 
  iranians are great smart people usually , central asia no problems ... chinese and japanese that come her usually work hard and mind their own business . 
  it 's mostly north-africans , somalians and turks ( the erdogan type ) causing troubles . 
  we 've had some problems with people from the dutch colonies , but since the north-africans started showing their true color those problems are minor in comparison . 
  and i believe they 've actually improved , the people from the dutch colonies that is , north-africans seem to get worse with each generation . 
  so all denk has to do is to get erdogan call upon his supporters to vote denk ? 
  they 're already promoting heavily on turkish and arabic tv i think ? 
  i can see them get a few seats ... what a time to be alive . 
  i 'm mostly worried with those countries , but it would be hypocritical to not be against the idea in general ... 
  so yeah i think the principle is wrong . 
  i know , too bad you guys seem to be on the losing side :( i once saw turkey as the only islamic country with a bright future , but these days i think iran has a better chance . 
  from what i hear their young people in iran are mostly irreligious/atheist and smart , like turkey once seemed to have ( in the big cities at least ) . 
  seems to be a reversal in the future . . turkey will go autocratic islamist , while iran might to go to more progressive as the older generation dies . 
  how do you see the future of turkey , for the short future + - 10 years , and beyond . . ? 
  they 're not petty , you might as well say that about this article . . why ban campaigning when you can remove the cause ? 
  it solves double loyalty like we 're seeing in these communities ... 
  if these people were full europeans then they would n't feel such a strong connection to their ( grand ) fathers ' country , and they would be forced to view the country they 're living in as their own . 
  if there 's not alternative , you tend to take better care of what you 've got . 
  if you wait long enough you might have 30 % moroccans , 30 % turkish , 30 % dutch and 10 % others living here ... then all we have to do is wait for turkey to mobilize it supporters and you 've got a situation like ukraine on your hand . 
  i think we 'd do better by removing the bad elements ( criminals , hate-preachers ) who currently have double passports by using that fact to evict them ... then from let 's say 2020 force the parents of newborns to chose between dutch or other country . 
  if they chose the other country that 's fine , but as soon as they misstep they 're evicted . 
  being driven by economic growth is what has gotten us into this mess , it 's time to stand for our principles again . 
  we have many many people with dual-nationalities . . mostly migrant workers from the 60s , their offspring and the people that came to work/profit here afterwards . 
  i think it 's the same in germany . 
  yeah , i know and we should push these countries to change ... 
  many of those countries receive benefits from us , or trade with us . 
  if we say no more trade/benefits until you change this i bet it 'll be changed yesterday . 
  it might hurt us a little in the short run , but we 'll benefit from showing we 're no pushovers . 
  although sadly we seem to be and nothing will change if the polls are to be believed . 
  yeah but that might be a bit hard to do in the current political climate . 
  i say we start doing this with convicted criminals ... and completely stop the current inflow , that might be a bit more attainable in the near future and might improve living conditions for all people . 
  because the turks that work hard and are anti-erdogan are also victims of these fuckers . 
  we ( the netherlands ) have about 70 % supporting erdogan ... we even have officials sharing information with turkey about his opponents , and people going to the streets to protest for erdogan ( illegally ) even intimidating people who do n't support them . 
  it 's like little turkey in some areas of here ( rotterdam ) . 
  because they do n't like to be in the army for a country that has done nothing for them except being the birthplace of their grandparents ? 
  or maybe because they like to remove all suspicion of being loyal to another country while serving in politics ? 
  or because they think it 's principally wrong to have voting rights for a country you do n't live in or have nothing to do with ?
