  we can have free trade and open borders ( only with a very secure outside border ) without all the bullshit attached to it now , the swiss seems to be doing just fine . 
  and we 're also trading with them , sure some monetary risks and costs but that 's manageable . 
  the only question is will it cost less or more ( both in cold cash , and national sovereignty ) to dismantle it or continue the project . 
  a market of 45 million people who are poor , human traffickers will love it sure ... no [ more visas ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2015/12/nee_ga_weg.html ) required . 
  we 're integrating a country at war . . the eu actually hurt our trade , because sure we can sell to ukraine but they ca n't sell it anymore because they lost their biggest buyer ( russia ) . 
  ukraine is on the brink of default . . 
  guess where the people will move ? 
  there will be a brain drain and we 've destroyed another country . 
  we were already trading with ukraine ... 
  it 's silly to think you need this agreement for that . 
  read this : http://www.volkskrant.nl/opinie/verdrag-met-oekraine-bewijst-niemand-een-dienst~a4219857/ the eu plays a dangerous game , once meant to stabilize europe it now threatens the very existence of europe as a prosperous continent . 
   before him there were no important politicians reacting against mass - immigration , so i guess we were content with the economic propsperity it brought through the post-war rebuilding . 
  edit : also , even though the people might not have realized where we were headed to , janmaat saw it . . just like pim fortuyn saw it . 
  now the question is whether wilder is also correct . 
  rebuilding was fine , but we should not have let them stay ... 
  wow not even attempting to be objective ...  geert wilders , a dutch donald trump not even close , wilders is mostly left-wing just anti-islam ...  bizarre referendum it 's not bizarre , it 's bizarre we 're not always asked for these expansions . 
  just like the european constitution that we dismissed ( in vain since it was later accepted undemocratically under a different name ) . 
   nasty brand of populism represented by mr wilders is here to stay yeah , i think europe would have been a better place if we adopted his policies in the 60s . 
  we had a more moderate figure against immigration back then ( hans janmaat ) , but he also was accused of a nasty brand of populism ... 
  turned out to be 100 % right . 
  then pim fortuyn , same story . . every party now adopted at least some of his ` despicable ' policies . 
  i think we 'll see history repeat with wilders ... 
  i agree with all those things , and religion should be a private matter ... 
  i 'm even all for banning it from public areas . 
  but when these things are a cause or explanation of certain behaviour it needs to be addressed . 
  it 's still information that should be available to the public so they can form their opinions ... not only the extreme right , but the extreme left could use it to say they need more money , coaches , imams , psychologists and social workers to correct this . 
  right now people get the feeling that it 's being swept under the rug a lot of times ... that only helps the extreme right when it eventually becomes known . 
  it could make it easier to spot certain trends ... maybe do something about it ? 
  if it 's related that is , things like origin and religion could be useful identifiers . 
  maybe that would make people think twice to import people from a certain region ? 
  but maybe it 's not related at all , we do n't know because it 's not reported . 
  all we have is a gut feeling ... 
  nah we need people like him to bring it down , so it can be rebuild . 
  what allowed those right wing movements to grow was the soil the ` left/center ' created . 
  not putin 's money ... 
  it was n't putin who kept sending migrants in , it was n't putin who tried to turn europe into a federal ( globalist ) state . 
  nationalism is making a comeback because globalism hurts the poor and un-educated , and destroys the middle class . 
   ... to be continued ( sorry , i got work that pays real money to do , unlike defending minorities on in the internet ) we have native gypsies too ... 
  they 're white people . 
  ca n't reason with the lot , great people one on one . 
  i have a teammate of such kind , his entire family is either in drugs or other criminal activities ... 
  he 's a good guy because he knows me , but dumb as fuck and aggressive towards people he does n't like . 
  they have these places allocated where they put there caravans , and the police will only go in with full riot gear . 
  there kids quit school as early as possible and we 've done quite a lot to change it . 
  nothing works !, 
  so it 's not about being racist , it 's culture mostly . . 
  but on average they are n't the most genetically gifted people in the brain department which does n't help . 
  my sources are some romanians who told me this . 
  and i 'm seeing them in my own country too , and groups like the travelers in the uk ... 
  even though they might not technically be roma , they share their culture . 
  but please enlighten me ... 
  they do n't seem to integrate well whatever you try ( talking centuries here ) ... 
  they just do n't want to , the ones that have integrated left their past a long time ago and are no longer considered roma . 
  now you 're stuck with the worst you can imagine . 
   clothing , skin colour i 'd like to add the cars they 're driving and the way they stare/look ... luckily they ( the ones causing the most problems ) tend stand out so it 's not that hard for police to catch them , now we just need judges/laws to put them away . 
  most of us know that roma does not equal romanian ... 
  sadly you have exported quite a lot of those . 
  now these are the numbers i could get behind ... 10 students a year per country , higher educated only . 
  let 's make this eu wide policy and send all of those not invited back . 
  i hope at least some of them return and help rebuild their country , otherwise this is just another brain-drain , and they do n't seem to have to many brains as we speak . 
   http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/world/story/2012-02-23/italy-libya-migrants/53220654/1 it 's the court actually , could n't find another source besides dw.com but i remember reading in in many newspapers/websites . 
  let them risk it , it 's a long way , as soon as the survival rate drops less will try . 
  even if not , less will make it to shore ... or you know do what makes sense and ferry them straight back , although the eu does n't seem to allow that :(, 
   among the measures to be adopted is a requirement for more equity when taking out a loan for building a home . 
  i do n't know the german situation , but would n't that force more people into renting ? 
  while investors buy up homes ? 
  we have bubble situation going on now in rotterdam and you see a lot of investors buying up property like crazy , and renting it for insane amounts to expats or even sometimes flipping it 6 months later while earning 40-50k . 
  best thing to stop this would be to enforce a self living rule for hotspots , so you can only buy it if you 're going to live there . 
  they 're not deported unless they cooperate either ... we offer them money in the hope they leave . 
  i think it should be allowed , let people show their true colours ... 
  but go after them with everything we 've legally got , turn their organisation and members upside down and get them for every little infraction . 
  get them for everything you can , just to let them know they 're not welcome here . 
  but we should start with going after the funding of these organisation , just ban foreign funding and abolish special rights for religious organisations . 
  it was ... with christians back in the day . 
  they were mostly harmless , now we 're dealing with people who back it up . 
  ca n't ignore it and shrug it off , especially because we now have many more people who agree with this message . 
  cause they get a few kicks and hits ... would n't call it torture though , but it seems to be the case they only respect ( fear ) strength and aggression . 
  they do n't respect our way of dealing with things . . just look at how they view and treat police , you think they 'll do the same in their parent 's country ? 
  some people need another approach than others ... 
  the ones we 're using is good for the natives and not working for our imports . 
  torture is pushing it , but a few kicks here and there might work ... 
  well we could deal with it , but that 's less humane ... 
  they have a chance in their parent 's countries because they 're a part of that culture . 
  the people living there know how to deal with these shitheads , but we do n't do that here ( for good reason i might add ) . 
  and since you ca n't have a justice system for one group , and another for another group it 's better to put them near a justice system that fits with their culture . 
  we 'll keep the people that can assimilate into our culture and get rid of the rest , so they can live according to their own culture . . everybody will be happy . 
  not if they strip them of their passport , because they do n't respect it . 
  you 're thinking obstacles , i 'm thinking solutions . 
  that 's the case for most , so if they fuck up it 's their governments duty to take care of them . . cause they do n't allow people to get rid of their citizenship -  problem solved . 
  why do they get a passport and still feel moroccan and algerian . 
  their government stills views them as such , they do . . why do n't we ? 
  it 's always this question ... 
  many of the countries these immigrants ' parents came from issue passports many generations after their parents left . 
  just strip away the belgian and french one and put them on a boat/plane . 
  or make some deal like like [ this ] ( http://newafricanmagazine.com/comoros-citizenship-sale/ ) ... 
  it 's not that hard to change some laws . 
   the brits also have no respect for spanish culture . 
  i beg to differ ? 
  in what way is spanish culture incompatible with british culture ? 
   not all immigrants harass the local population , only a small minority .
