  even though they might follow our laws the majority does not share our views on how society should be ( girls ca n't marry/date who they want , boys can mostly fuck who they want but then have to marry a niece from their home-country or at the very least someone of the same ethnicity ) ... 
  so what you get is a society within a society , and you need solidarity ... 
  but that does n't work if the non-contributing part does not respect the contributing part . 
  what you end up with get is social unrest like we 're seeing today ... 
  so yeah they 're not all criminals , but most do n't fit in our societies . . and will cause a downfall of our solidarity . 
  sure they are not all bad , but on average they 're not worth it . . and since we ca n't save them all , why risk our future ? 
  [ poem by kipling ] ( http://www.poetryloverspage.com/poets/kipling/stranger.html ), 
  yeah , the east will be heaven on earth if you can get your corruption and religious idiots under control ... 
  still prefer current eastern-europe over future western-europe though though . 
  i think these men are a blessing in disguise , they accelerate the process so we might still have a chance . 
  i hope they keep it up so more people realize what we 've been bringing into our societies since the 60s ... 
  the generations after are usually worse . 
  it seems we 're reaching critical mass ... 
  a lot of woman are more emphatic most of the time , they see a poor child in africa and immediately feel the need to help . 
  but this has it 's limit when it starts affecting them personally ... a lot of women in the big cities already know what 's up , there are just a lot of stubborn/naive ones ... 
  it takes time to change core-values even if they 've proven to be somewhat unrealistic , but the shift will happen if the current trend continues . 
  also the whole current feminist wave , is about how bad the oppressive white male society is ... 
  so they might associate with other ` victims ' of that society , being migrants . 
  ( just a hypothesis , never been able to hold a meaningful conversation longer than 5 min conversation with a hardcore-feminist ) . 
  however this all might change soon , even gays will go ` right ' - wing ... 
  they are suffering too , the 90s ( in the netherlands ) were safer for them then it is now . 
   however mentioning this is strongly discouraged . 
  sadly so , it 's one of the biggest reasons for the downfall of western-europe ... by now nearly everybody living in the cities knows it , but everybody is afraid to speak out or even vote ` wrong ' because of the stigma attached . 
  socialism only works if you do n't have too many people leeching , so you need a uniform hardworking population , that 's willing to share with people that are alike . 
  what 's happening now is that we 've imported a lot of leeches ( from the 60s till now about 13 % of the people consists of people we 've imported groups that have proven to be more dependent on our socialist state ) , combined with the ever expanding eu to poorer regions ( that require a lot of money too ) and who are free to travel the richer countries will explode from paying welfare/healthcare etc. . 
  combine this with a few ( artificial ) crises ' a huge bureaucratic machine and it 's all gone to shit , i think about 60 % of government or semi-government jobs in my country would not exist were it not for socialism . . 
  so in theory yes it works , great . . and it did when we had money and a working population ... as for the future , not looking brightly . 
  in my heart i 'm a socialist , but being pragmatic i say not possible in these times . 
  sadly there is no sane party ... 
  they all have their downsides . 
  i have yet to find a party that 's anti-islam/immigration , pro-lbgt , pro-choice , smart/good politicians , pro-privacy , pro-social security . 
  you ca n't have schengen and unlimited migration , and you ca n't have islam without a huge security apparatus ... as of now i see the greatest danger in islam and mass-immigration ... not because of terrorism but because of the social changes that inevitably follow the demographic changes . 
  we 're already seeing it happen in every major western-european city , and i think the rest of the country will follow suit . 
  therefor i 'll vote ` far ' - right . 
  although i 'm quite happy with my far-right party ( pvv ) , they 're not anti-lbgt/abortion etc. 
  sadly they have many incompetent politicians because of the taboo surrounding them ... 
  but i 'm hopeful that will change . 
  with 400 a recount might be a possibility right ? 
  in my country at least there is a counting bias as you will towards certain parties . 
  it 's like the us with the latino vote ... 
  it 's do or die the next election cycles . 
   has the left abandoned labour ? 
  about 50 years ago ... 
   while initially letting everyone inside the country , actions since then have centered around stricter immigration laws , and practically closing off the border by making the balkan route harder to traverse and stopping refugees outside the eu , mainly in turkey . 
  that middle-ground you have the the ` far-right ' eastern-european countries to thank for ... and that turkey deal is a farce . 
  i think the current ` far-right ' is actually the middle way in this issue , for me the far-right would be hitlerstyle tactics to force them to move ... 
  which might be called for by somebody someday if this issue is not handled properly . 
  all they 're currently asking for is a non-western migration-stop till the issues are solved ( read : from now on ) ... 
  which i think is not that extreme when taking into account the benefits vs the costs . 
  benefits : food when drunk costs : crime , money , freedom, 
   lastly there is the problem of comparing apples and oranges . 
  what i mean by this is minorities are far more likely to be poor , unemployed and less educated than the general public . 
  as far as i 'm aware , when one accounts for those factors to then compare minorities to people from the general public of similar wealth , education and employment status , the comparison looks much more in favor of minorities . 
  ok for the argument 's sake let 's say they 're not more likely than our own uneducated , stupid poor people ( which i do n't think is true ) . . why import them , we 've got enough of those . 
  if you want to live in any other country in the world , you need to bring something to the table ... why not in europe ? 
  yeah damn those racists cops ... 
  taking into consideration the chances of being caught here i suspect the real numbers are even higher than the statistics . 
  but i 'm sure those are just ` onderbuikgevoelens ' . 
  yeah , if everybody is poor we 've got rid of poverty !, 
  i 'm quite happy with my passport , and even though europe got rid of their borders it 's starting to become obvious there 's a reason we used to have them . 
  poor guys , please keep him !, 
  i understand he might be better than your politicians but we could do without him !, 
  at the current rate they might , we here in holland already have cities where dutch people are a minority ... 
  the cities is where the shit starts . 
  the countryside will die slowly since nobody wants to live there anymore . 
  that may be true , but if we stop reporting births . . then they actively have to get such a blue card ... 
  when they do so we can propose a law to deport owners of said blue card . 
  i believe he 's already gone, 
  that 's fine , but after 2 generations and them not having access to that data it should be solved right ? 
  wilders will likely never rule , however a new party entered the arena . 
  it seems to attract a higher standard of people and is not ( yet ) taboo . 
  i have high hopes for them , as the dragging to the right yes . . 
  it started after pim fortuyn here . 
  even the left parties support his ideas now , however reality shows it 's only talk ... sure some things have become more difficult , but it 's still not nearly enough . 
  yeah hopefully , but it 's going to take at least another election cycle ... also the eu may ban it , not sure we get to decide on these things anymore . 
  i totally agree , the ones who already have them should have the option to get rid of it . 
  if they do n't and commit a serious crime we 'll deport them and take their dutch one . 
  for newborns the parents get to pick one ... 
  sounds like a plan . 
  alternative would be a choice at the age of 18 . 
  destroying does n't do anything , the worse thing is that we grant them access to the details when a baby from a turkish parent is born . 
  so we 're actively supporting this practice . 
  69 % of whom support erdogan ... quite scary . 
  maybe we can do a trade ? 
  now gulenist are n't any better than erdogan supporters , but i doubt all these people are really gulenists . 
  or cut all ties ... no longer help turkey register persons who are born here as turkish citizens . 
  we 're one of their biggest investors ... 
  it will hurt a couple of people but if we can get some backing i can see this being reversed really quickly . 
  however since the elections are over , all we will do is protest . 
  they are ... but instead of making money they need to make votes , for their own survival . 
  they need those jobs and that influence to exist . 
  we have the same it works quite well . . we 're about 20 years ahead of you . 
  by 2000s standards our mainstream parties are now far-right , but with the laws not much changes . 
  however people keep falling for it every 4 years , so i guess that 's what 's in store for you the next 20 years . 
  what 's the name of that one ? 
  it 's an interesting development , i think we 'll see it more ... 
  the elite will want to protect themselves . 
   there are third generation immigrants in the netherlands whose parents were born here , who speak only dutch , are non-religious , go to dutch schools and sportsclubs , but still get called out for being ` moroccan ' . 
  sadly they seem to be the minority ... 
  i feel really sorry because i know some decent moroccans , but if you want to succeed you succeed .
