   i know quite a few western eu ( incl dutch ) peeps who married turks and live ( d ) here . 
  they and their kids would be placed in a very tight spot , all because they sat in a barracks , fired 50 rounds from a rifle and ate shitty food for six months . 
  exactly kind of people who would be and are the model dutch immigrant . 
  if you 're born in turkey ( to dutch-turkish parents ) and choice to sign your child up there instead of here . . bad luck . 
  you live there you deal with that country 's rules or fight/vote to change it . 
  this should only for newborns ... we keep the double passports for people that currently have them . 
  it 's a great way to get rid of the criminals by exile/banishment ( if the crime is serious enough , after the punisment ofcourse ) . 
   as for criminals , i find it a betrayal of your own professed values to dump somebody who was born and raised in your own country into anothers lap . 
  this would be a reinstatement of exile/banishment as a punishment . 
  yeah i disagree , but turkey always has the option to refuse ... 
  but then they have to remove the passports from the people living here . 
  so to reiterate . . only newborns , chose . 
  current double-passport owners should get an easy option to get rid of it ( force turkey 's hand ) . 
  and from let 's say 2020 when everything is worked out , if people decide to join the turkish army then label them as criminals . 
   that 'd be both silly ( what about a dutch person serving in the french foreign legion ? 
  -  french passport , you lose the dutch one  what about an ethnic dual national ( ethnic nl and tr parents ) ? ), 
  -  you pick for you child , if you want him/her to be turkish fine . . 
  but as soon as he/she missteps while living here we get to deport him/her , also no benefits like a loan for college . 
  i think most will pick dutch , if not we will give the person an option to get rid of his turkish passport and change it to a dutch one at the age of 18 ( if he has no criminal offences ) . 
   and unenforceable . 
  turkey would just install a parallel civil service as part of a `` professionalization '' program and that law would be essentially void . 
  -  on what basis , there are no longer turkish people being born in the netherlands , except those who choice the turkish nationality . 
  they can serve all they want . 
   the only way out imo is through the next generation ( and afaik every successive generation does become more assimilated but the opposite extreme also gets stronger ) , unless you 're willing to revoke the nationality of people you are n't even targeting in the first place . 
  fiddling with nationality ( not it 's acquisition ) is a very tricky thing to do . 
  this would indeed be a case for future generation , in the meantime we use the double passports to get rid of people that do n't obey the law . 
  you commit a crime serious enough we take your dutch passport and put you on a plane back to turkey . 
  i agree with the last part of schools , having said that banning dual nationality would be a start . 
  another one would be making serving in a foreign military a criminal offence ... the penalty would be denied entry and removal of one 's passport . 
  i know , we should do something about that . 
  ok i got my information from dutch sources , but i 'll trust yours . 
  still amazing that you can be a 3rd generation immigrant and still have to serve the army and vote for a country you only visit on holidays ... 
  hmm i read an article stating 135000 voted , of which 69 % voted akp . 
  which puts it at around 93000 . 
  but half of dutch people do n't even vote , so it 's about average ... 
  still a worrying sign if you ask me . 
  now i mostly know non-erdogan supporting dutch-turks , so it 's hard to tell for me . 
  but i would be surprised if the half that did n't vote all do n't support erdogan in at least the same percentage . 
  groenlinks has some pretty shady people in it 's ranks . . 
  it 's history is n't much better . 
  ok i have to give it to you i have n't done enough research on the guy , but from what i 've seen he seems reasonable ... 
  i was considering him as an alternative for my bosma vote , but it seems i have to do some more research . 
  i 'll give americans a pass since they only had two shitty options . . 
  but in turkey you have an alternative . 
  he responded to that and said it was n't meant like it was perceived . . actually somewhat apologised for it . 
  it was n't a smart move , but his other statements do n't confirm what you 're saying . 
  he 's of mixed heritage btw , as is wilders . . so it would be hypocritical to bring race into this as you 're trying to do . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  do you consider groenlinks to be far-left extremist ? 
  because that 's what they are if you follow this doctrine . 
  seeing their history as communists and activists terrorists . 
  we have 69 % supporting erdogan , of the 270.000 allowed to vote , 135.000 voted . 
  which means we have almost 100.000 people actively supporting erdogan . 
  just because they could n't be bothered to protest , does n't mean they 're adapted to dutch society . 
  because nearly everything erdogan stands for goes against that . 
  it 's true that morrocans are doing even worse , but that does n't mean turks ( on average ) are doing great . 
  30.000 that 's without family reunion , that 's decent size town ... of mostly men unable to find a job and a lot of whom do n't respect our culture . 
  extrapolate that 10 years , and consider that 65 % wo n't have a job even after 15 years . 
  now tell me again that 30.000 is not a lot ? 
  germany received 800.000 i think ? 
  is that also not a lot ? 
  these people will be free to roam europe and settle wherever they get the best life ( benefits ) . 
  the ones that wo n't be allowed to stay ca n't be send back and will move from country to country ( remember the terrorist with the truck ? ), 
  goodluck to you too , sadly my alarm goes 6 hours from now . . taxes need paying , 
   so saying immigrants are rednecks is a little exaggerated . 
  well they were poor uneducated folk mostly ... the redneck term i got from a turk here . 
  and it was confirmed by another turk i know in real life . 
  not all immigrants but a lot of them , especially the ones that gave birth to the 2nd/3rd generation we 're enjoying so much right now . 
  i 'm not a 100 % sure yet on the pvv btw , but it 's like 90 % sure ... bosma will get my vote if i do . 
  might go for forum voor democratie if the polls tells me they have chance for a seat . 
  i also like to think i have a pretty wide world view , i have met , spoken and befriended people from all over the globe ( although asia/oceania ) area is lacking ... 
  i went to university ( tu delft ) , but also played football in rotterdam ... 
  so i got a taste of different worlds . 
  i slowly turned right-wing because of immigration , economically/socially i 'm still left wing . 
  it 's a chicken and egg story i guess ... 
  i do know the difference between people of the same ` race ' is larger than the difference between races ... 
  but some things can be said i think about averages or predispositions for each group . 
  but the science is always sketchy and taboo with this kind of stuff . 
   the reason i am not racist is because i come from an extremely multicultural background . 
  this does n't have to be the case ... 
  it 's like saying i 'm not racist because i have friends from different cultures . 
  i believe everybody is ` racist ' up to a certain point , because everybody has preconceptions ... 
  the only difference is that a racist will judge an individual person on that , instead of starting of blank and judging that person for who he/she is . 
  often preconceptions contain a basis of truth , but like i said it would be racist and stupid to judge an individual on that . 
  however ignoring it and pretending they 're not true on average because it may seem racist is stupid if you ask me . 
  and sadly that 's what we 're seeing , especially when it comes to cultures . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/minnesota_transracial_adoption_study to be sure there should be more studies like this , but i do n't think that 's possible in the current political climate . 
  sorry my detector was malfunctioning . . :(, 
  hmm the guardian is notoriously left-wing though , but it might be true . . 
  i 'm glad if it is , but i find it hard to believe from what i 've heard and read . 
  nah the average guest worker that came here is the redneck type ( as turkish see it themselves ) ... now i know redneck types do n't always have redneck children , but a lot of times they do . 
  they are like our lower class , we have a lot of those . . 
  but they have been complemented with turks and moroccans . 
  now my respect for the average turk living here is a lot higher than the average moroccan . . 
  but i think it 's safe to say that the native dutch scores a little better on most indicators . 
   but on average all humans are roughly the same . 
  nope there 's quite a significant difference , asians ( japanese/chinese ) for example score better than europeans with the same level of education ... 
  i wo n't go into populations that score less , but you can find them yourself . 
  it 's a combination of nurture and nature ... 
  but nature plays a big part as well .
