  if not he 's not welcome ... 
   and what did my grandparents do exactly that turned out `` not so well '' ? 
  fyi we do n't have any islamists or criminals in my family , most are n't even religious . 
  not talking about individuals here , considering everything all i 'd say we would have been better off without mass-immigration ... are there great migrants and children of migrants living here . 
  yes they are , and i know a couple of them ... 
  does it work as a whole , i do n't think so . 
   so you basically advocate the end of liberalism and the enforcement of certain practices on all of the population ? 
  just replace some things in your text with the islamist equivalent and it would look exactly like saudi arabia . 
  [ `` less well known is the paradox of tolerance : unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance . 
  if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant , if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant , then the tolerant will be destroyed , and tolerance with them . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paradox_of_tolerance ) i 'm all for tolerance , but not towards intolerance . 
  i think religion is intolerant ... 
  i 'm all for live and let live , but when there 's something threatening that i want it gone . 
  if i was switched into a north-african body , i would still preach the same ... 
  the fuckwits walking around here are giving me a bad name . 
  if there was a group of dutch people living in a country and fucking it up , i 'd be pissed because if i went there people would assume i 'm the same ... 
  so i hope they 're punished and forced to stop fucking around , and if i have the chance i 'd stop them myself . 
  they were called guest-workers for a reason . . 
  it 's happening now with eastern-europeans too , they come and work here and go back live a happy and rich ( er ) life . 
  we do the same when working in abu dhabi ... not taking anything away from your grandparents , they worked hard . 
  but it did n't work out so well in the end , in hindsight everything is easy of course . 
  but when it became apparent we should have switched course . 
  as for where we are now , i advocate a complete halt and try to assimilate and educate the ones already living here and forcing them to adapt to our way of life ... hopefully 3-4 generations from now it will have worked . 
  how to do that is to start by deporting people with double passports who are criminals ... is to ban foreign funding of religious groups/organisations . 
  is to ban religious items ( including headscarves ) from public buildings etc. 
  then only allow people to collect welfare checks in public buildings , let them figure out what 's more important religion or money ... ban halal slaughter and food , what 's more important religion or meat ... etc. 
   we can deal with migrants as they come . 
  the same can not be said for russia or china . 
  russia is not that powerful ( if with nato broken down , eastern european countries could still form an alliance ) china will get a complete economic victory even with the eu in place , or maybe even because ... we do n't protect our own economies and have destroyed it with cheap imports , while giving away means of production and technology . 
  these migrants however destroy the social fabric of a country , we could do with being a little less rich ... we could do with an ageing population , as long as people are willing to suffer for one another . 
  the social basis we have : pensions , benefits , welfare . 
  they are all in danger , because as things get harder people wo n't pay for people who do n't respect them . 
  i 'll pay 60 % income tax if that means supporting my mother and father , my neighbor who 's without a job because things got automated . 
  i wo n't pay for migrants that do n't respect our way of life ... that are unable to contribute for generations , what makes them deserving of living here ? 
  you could say i was just lucky by being born here , and i am . . 
  but i am also trying to make it better for my children that maybe in the future will be born here . 
  there 's no reason to destroy a good thing by helping a few others , instead help them to fix their own countries . 
  but not with no questions asked aid , only with education and a structured approach ... 
  corruption ? 
  then no aid , even if it means people die , it 's better in the long run . 
   without the eu the netherlands is an insignificant little spot on the planet . 
  we still have a port , and are pretty good with water ... we 'll manage . 
   i never called you a nazi i thought you implied it , with the nazis talking about/showing jews as rats . 
  i 'm sad about individual cases . . but i 'm a pragmatist , i try to face everything as rational as i can . 
  not saying emotional thinking is always wrong , and sure empathy is important . . 
  but at a certain point you need to be rational and pragmatic . 
  i 've seen too much bullshit that i 've become numb to the emotional blackmail ... will i be sad if i see a young dead boy at a beach , sure i would be . 
  but once you know the entire story , the way it 's used and for what purpose i can no longer be just sad for the boy and say this must never happen again let 's pick them all up . 
  that does n't mean i do n't feel sorry for the boy and even his parents ( although i think they 're criminals ) . 
   ( mind you wilders his new programma states they want to preventively lock up people , before they have even commited a crime ) i agree with this , first lock them up until you know that they are who they say they are . 
   which will do far more damage to our country than migrants could ever pull off in a hundred years . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  sure we might have a setback in an area or two ... 
  but unlimited immigration of aggressive/uneducated/unskilled people with the upcoming automation is a recipe for disaster . 
   it unites us against the threat of the trump administration which threat is that ? 
  i have more fear for the chinese ... 
  they 're on their way to become the economic rulers of this world . 
  as for russia , yeah we should have a united defense against military aggression but we ( the eu ) are no saint either . 
   to add , nearly every party offers solutions to the migrants problem . 
  please educate me , because since the 60s not a single party ever did something about it , had high hopes for fortuyn ... 
  but i 'll take my chances with the seemingly impossible solutions of wilders ( which i think are not impossible , there is just no will at the moment ) . 
   the eu gives us a better economy and a world presence that we really can not afford to lose . 
  not in it 's current state , it 's hurting more than it 's benefiting us if you ask me ... 
  but hopefully with the rise of the likes as le pen and wilders the eu can be changed from within because they wo n't rule alone but provide a strong incentive to change . 
  i really like orban for example , i hope we 'll get leaders like that ( i know he has his faults too ) . 
  i 'm talking about groups here . . not individual cases , and it 's easy to dismiss anything i say by portraying me as a nazi . 
  but when talking about a you can have to make these generalizations ... you can not talk about individual cases but rather the average . 
  does every child in africa deserve to go to harvard . . sure they do , but we ca n't . 
  it 's impossible to all live like billionaires , should we distribute it more fairly . . that 's another discussion , but should people suffer so that we can help others many of whom in return have zero respect and are n't thankful ? 
  keep up being smug , i respect individuals no matter what race or religions depending on how they think and act ... 
  but if a group on average proves to be bringing society down then it 's ok to want to limit that in my eyes . 
  best time was in the 70s , after we invited them we should have urged/forced them to move back after working for a couple of years ... second best time was in the 80s when it became apparent many of them would never go home , and were not assimilating in their new environment . 
  then we had the option in the 90s , but the economy was doing quite well so nobody cared . . then the 00s , when the problem was apparent but you were looked upon in a dirty way suggesting we stop this madness . 
  now after nearly 60 years or mena immigration some people up high are finally suggesting we do something about it . . not because it 's bad for the natives , but because it threatens their positions . 
  is it too late ? 
  depends on what you desire i guess . 
   that 'd be one way to get me to protest in the street . 
  i would consider it unacceptable to let a bunch of racist morons decide the fate of our nation . 
  what makes you think they 're racist ? 
  islam is not a race , nor are morrocans . 
   could you actually define the problem though ? 
  what concerns you , immigration in general , including from china , poland , belgium , or just from islamic countries ? 
  or specifically immigration from the morocco and turkey , because people of moroccan/turkish descent in the netherlands are more likely to be involved in criminal activities ? 
  lower-class immigration from the east is worrying ... and not desired in the long term , both for the east and the west . 
  but because we created a lower-class that 's unwilling to work hard jobs it actually may be a benefit to us in the short run ... 
  i 'm torn on that one . 
  as for people from islamic countries i think it 's far more worrying , as they 're likely to stay and not assimilate . 
  creating parallel societies and a hostile group within a weakened society ( imagine them pulling their shit in eastern-europe , they 'll be out of there in the blink of an eye ) . 
  a society like ours can only work with like-minded people ... as for the crime-rates , it 's to be expected . 
  since a lot of them are just inches away from being mentally challenged . 
  growing up in a sub-society that sees themselves as victims and refuses to put blame on their own friends/family/social circle . 
  if we had imported them at lower rates we might have had a chance . . but with the number we 've been seeing it 'll take many many generations to correct it . 
  if we continue doing what we 're doing it will never be corrected but might result in a pre-war balkan like situation . 
   if you 'd check the voting record , you 'd know that pvv does n't vote the way they campaign . 
  sadly that 's the case with all political parties in our country . 
   there is not going to be a coalition partner , because the pvv will never be in a coalition . 
  they might support a coalition like they did before . . at least they 'll be an influence . 
  i might vote for vnl , but i 'll have to know a little more about them ... 
  but i ca n't vote for any other party because they 've proven to not be able to do anything about what i see as the biggest threat to western-european society as we know it ... 
  i wish there was an anti-islam , anti-immigration party with a more sensible leader but sadly there is n't .
