you just could n't help getting your `` victimised right wing '' card in . 
  not at all , i do n't feel like a victim . 
  nor act like one , i 'll do my part but if they majority wants this then good luck to them ( i 'll give it another two elections ) ... 
  if we 're still on the same path i 'll find somewhere else to live and raise a family , eastern europe seems to have the future . 
   it is a game for the rich and sheltered . 
  sheltered ? 
  i grew up in the suburbs of rotterdam , now living there . 
  played football in a multicultural team , did some volunteering and am in contact with people of all walks of life . 
  so i 'm not quite sheltered , i see where this is heading . . and it 's not the direction i 'd like to see . 
  rich is also quite a long shot , but i guess if you compare it to africa i 'm quite rich ... 
  yet i sometimes have a bit of month left at the end of my money . 
   you 're not isolated from the world , one way or another these things will affect you . 
  we 're , as a continent , paying for turkey letting refugees and syrian leadership . 
  as a continent we 're paying a dictator who will turn turkey into a islamist shithole like the world has so many of already . 
   and bavarians do things differently than berliners . 
  and city people do things differently than country people . 
  and the people of one village do things differently than another village . 
  but they are all human , and those differences are actually no difference at all you really think somali 's and germans are the same kind of people ? 
  or iraqi 's and germans ? 
  we 're all human but that 's about as far as it goes . 
  it 's like saying the difference between a german sheppard and a chiwawa are meaningless ( talking both physically and culturally/mentally here ) . 
  ( mind you i 'm not calling one better than the other , so do n't go all you 're racist on me ) . 
   the world has spoiled you rotten . 
  it 's all `` peace in our time '' and `` every country should do as they please '' . 
  ask ukraine about that , or nepal , or cuba , or any country that has n't been stuck in the middle western euro/american alliance sphere for the last 75 years . 
  your point being ? 
  you do n't think we 'll have a civil war or south african type of situation if we continue on this path of trying to make all the people live together ? 
  you ca n't mix opposite cultures and expect them to go along ...  it strikes me that such calls are a national form of libertarianism . 
  promoting the systems that got you rich , but trying to undermine systems that might help someone else , and forgeting the security you enjoy is not a given . 
  because who cares about the rest of the world right ? 
  this prosperity will go on forever right ? 
  peace in our time !, 
  all i 'm asking is to level the playing field ... 
  so no more subsidies for european farmers , but also no more ( subsidies ) to african countries that keep having unlimited children while they ca n't support them . 
  you tell me how free trade and cooperation ( open borders , free transfer of people ) of countries that are alike undermines those that are n't . . 
  if they become like them they can join them , if not . . 
  they 'll have it their way . 
  what international community ? 
  the un ? 
  the us ? 
  what are they going to do , stop trading with europe ? 
  nah we 're too rich for that ... wo n't be long but at this time it 's still feasible . 
  yeah i think it worked quite well , i do n't feel like paying for corruption in the east , undisciplined politicians in the south ... switzerland is doing fine . 
  we have our harbor/transport , germans their manufacturing , the french their tourism/cuisine , the italians their style , the spanish their weather , the east their beautiful women and migrant-free nations ... etc. 
  every country has unique capabilities and culture , you ca n't let a german rule over greece . . 
  they do things differently , the germans do what works for the germans and the greeks to what works for the greeks . 
  free trade is great , a defensive pact is ok ( except for turkey and the us ) ... 
  but we do n't need a common fiscal policy , do n't need a common currency , do n't need an european army , do n't need an european government , nor any other stupid rules ... let every country decide what 's good for them . 
  i 'm all for economic cooperation between countries that are alike . . germany , uk , netherlands , norway , denmark , luxembourg and belgium . 
  maybe the southern countries and eastern countries can do the same ... like the eec ... will we call that europe ? 
  is switzerland nog a part of europe ? 
  update the convention ... you 're already presenting good ideas . 
  but updating the convention and shipping them back to a country that 's willing to take them for a nice paycheck ( sure you can find an african country to do so ) , would stop this mess within a month . 
  i hate it how these people always seem to imply europe = eu , europe has been there for ages . . and we 've done quite well . 
  the eu is a whole different matter , i 'm not against europe , i 'm against the eu . 
  both in my country ( pvv , geert wilders ) ... 
  in other countries not so sure , some seem to hold some very christian views . 
  we know catholic priests only hurt little boys , sharia police is a bit more threatening to the general public . 
  could you explain why is this visa-free travel such a big thing ( win ) for the turks ? 
  i already know why it 's a big thing for the rest of the eu ... 
  but as far as i know turks could already travel to europe . 
   liep\u0101ja looks good , i have to admit i do n't know a lot about latvia . . riga looks nice too . 
  i have this feeling eastern-europe is going to be really popular 20/30 years from now ... just wish i knew where and how to best start investing . 
  so how do i buy a piece of land and a house over there ? 
  must be cheap right now . 
  both i guess ... 
  but we 've been the largest net-payer ( per head ) to the eu for a while now . 
  got fucked when they introduced it , dutch guilder valued 10 % too low , and have been ever since . 
  we always pay first , we nearly always keep the 3 % rule ... 
  euro is costing us a lot too . . 
  worst implementation ever . 
  hell he can have erdogan 's money , 6 billion , 10 billion hell make it zimbabwes bnp . 
  it 's still cheaper . 
  we still buy oil . . somebody 's getting paid . 
  also no government -  no complaining , so just put them back on the beach . 
  this madness can stop within a week , just some laws that need changing . 
  another source for you . 
  no blindly believing government figures , ( they imprison critical journalists too ) is the way to go . 
  this man is a crook ... 
  i would n't give him a single dime . 
  the human-rights abuses have nothing to do with religion ? 
  i beg to differ , their punishments ( and making an atheist equal to a terrorist , hangings gays , etc. . ) are drawn from their religion and are an abuse of human rights . 
  so we criticize them for following their religion by not selling weapons , but at the same time we 're begging on our knees to please keep trading with us because one of our elected parliamentarians criticized their religion ... you tell me how those two things are not related . 
  i have a big problem believing anything the man says ... [ 1 ] ( http://balkanist.net/turkeys-mysterious-disappearing-refugees/ ), 
  i 'm quite sure a lot of that money we 're sending will not be spend on refugees ... and since this coincided with the announcement and is close to the total number i made a suggestion . 
  i know , it 's 100 million less ... 
  so i 'm guessing 100 million goes to the refugees . 
  on a more serious note . . 
  it does n't matter what it 's used for but i have a hard time believing that 6 billion will go exclusively to refugees . 
  i do n't agree on either of them being banned , they will be sold regardless might as well be us ... 
  otherwise a middle man will be introduced , but the end result is the same . 
  unless the entire world agrees to not sell them weapons ... that i could get behind , but that 's something that wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  i do n't like the iranian government but i do like ( in general ) the people living in teheran and big cities ... 
  most of them seem like decent people and they seem to want to be more western . 
  i work with quite a few iranians and most of them despise islam ... 
  much appreciated , had gold once . . 
  but this is just as valuable . 
  you seem to be one of the few though , sitting at a steady 0 points . 
  [ 14th with 302 million ] ( http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/europe/140522/peace-loving-sweden-and-switzerland-are-among-the-top-arms-exporters-per-capita ) we like to trade . . 
  do n't get fooled by their ` noble ' intentions , this is stupid and hypocritical . . like they actually give a fuck , we still trade with them in other areas and they 'll get their weapons regardless , this will only cost us money ... not too long ago we went on our knees to apologize to them for one of our parliamentarians insulting their prophet ... and now we 're making a statement ?
