  should we built a fence ? 
  if they fail to control their borders , yes ... 
  but i 'm more than willing to help as i guess are most europeans . 
  i '' m quite sure with modern technology and navies we 'll be able to intercept most of them . 
   shipping people to a random african country ... jesus christ , are you serious ? 
  yup , will save many lives in the future . 
  nobody in his right mind will get on a boat if they know they 'll be shipped off . 
  it 's not pretty , but effective ... 
  so we help by building local shelters ... 
  deploy un peace mission if necessary to protect them . 
  i 'll pay for syrians fleeing to turkye , libya , libanon ... no problems with that . 
  not paying for economic migrants . 
   why would any sane politician/government hand over several billions to the eu if there are no benefits ? 
  jobs , idealism , incompetence ? 
  but that 's not the issue here , the fact remains that it 's hard to calculate the difference . 
  i 'd take my chances ... 
  but let 's hope the uk does it first . 
   and yes , that is indeed problematic , and the eu is working on building the networks with countries of origin ( e.g. 
  pakistan ) to effectively send them back . 
  yeah they have no incentive because we have weak leaders ... just stopping before they enter instead of shipping them in would be easier . 
  make a deal with a poor african country and ship them over there , again do this and it 'll stop within a month . 
  many lives saved , yeah a couple of them are fucked but you ca n't save them all . 
   it is , just ask the dutch startups how many skilled it ` ers we get from other countries . 
  how many are coming in illegally ? 
  we have all the skill we need inside europe ... no need for non-western immigration , especially not with the upcoming automation of the lower-class jobs . 
   but that is exactly why it is so important for our leaders to actively shape european decisionmaking !, 
  nope , if everybody watches their border we 're fine ... 
  if we do n't let anybody in and ` dump ' the problem on the neighbouring nation they 're more inclined to take action . 
  a year ago greece did n't give a fuck because everybody moved on ... only after eastern-europe started to act the eu decided to step in . 
  so offer help , change/ignore some international laws but the decision can be made without the eu . 
  it 's up to italy/greece/spain to act ... 
  they can request help and i 'm willing to pay taxes for that . 
   or on for example sending back migrants , a bit more balanced news . 
  those from the balkans might go back , if we offer them enough money , but do you truly believe those millions that came will ever go back ? 
  skipped through that document , and i 've heard it all before . . 
  however reality teaches us that if there is no cooperation from the migrants themselves not many of them will leave . 
  they 'll be illegals , have children who are in time offered a ` generaal pardon ' . 
  a lot of them are without passports and a lot of countries wo n't take them back . . 
  furthermore any deal with erdogan is a useless one . 
  we need to be tougher , like eastern-europe ... 
  instead of bringing them to europe from the sea , put them on radio controlled boats and ship them back to whatever coast they came from . 
  do that for a month , and it 'll stop . 
   the eu is actively trying to make living in the eu attractive to skilled labourers which we have a shortage of ( think it ) . 
  the u.s. very successfully does the same ( this causes a braindrain in third world countries but thats another story ) . 
  however this is not what geenstijl tells you because it is not fit their agenda . 
  ah well it 's not really working is it ? 
  all we 're getting is low-skilled labor , that is if they 're actually capable of working at all . 
  yeah that 's easy because we 're a trading nation . . 
  but we were also a trading nation when we had the eec , you ca n't calculate the difference without making a lot of assumptions . 
  that 's why i hope the uk leaves so we can see the true effects . 
  all i know for sure are the negative effects ... 
  nrc is very pro-eu , i do n't see them naming sources on their claims ... 
  they also say that things becoming more expensive after the euro is a ` misunderstanding ' , but i think most agree by now that we were fucked at the introduction ( every shop increased it 's prices , sure some may have benefited but not regular joe ) . 
  everything after is speculation ...  in 2008 berekende het centraal planbureau dat nederlanders per jaar , per persoon , 1.500 tot 2.000 euro verdienen aan eu-handel . 
  no source there , but who says we would n't have this business if we still had the eec ? 
  anyway even they quote the objective numbers of us paying a shitload , all the other is speculation . 
   ah yes , using geenstijl as a source on eu matters . 
  great . 
  any source is colored , there is no objective journalism when it comes to these matters . . 
  simply because nobody knows . 
  i 'd rather take my chances than continuing on the course they 're on : * [ `` in a context of an ageing europe , the potential contribution of immigration to eu economic performance is significant . 
  europeans are living longer , the so called `` baby boom '' generation is nearing retirement and birth rates are low . 
  ( ... ) immigration is a reality which needs to be managed effectively . 
  in an open europe without internal borders , no member state can manage immigration on its own . 
  ( ... ) apart from the economic potential , immigration can also enrich european societies in terms of cultural diversity . 
  '' ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=com:2008:0359:fin:en:pdf ) * so i do n't care about our influence in the eu , wish we could get out ... back to the eec . 
  they should focus on their own people a bit more ... 
  this is all meaningless if you ask me . 
  our politicians have made it quite clear the past years they care more about the [ eu than their own country ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/archives/images/graaisteelroofjat.jpg ) . 
  they should implement this in brussels and every european nation ... 
  they did n't go to the netherlands then . . 
  he has about 70 % support here , even more than in turkey . 
   i 'm a citizen of ( arguebly ? ), 
  the biggest eu country ( germany ) , we ca n't see eye-to-eye with countries like the us or china . 
  you could if you tried , you guys ( native germans ) are great at everything but humour ... a certain man proved that in the 1930s , it took the whole world cooperating to keep you guys down . 
  you just need to grow some balls again , but the massive collective guilt might be keeping that in check ... ? 
  i still believe you guys have that potential and we ( the dutch ) will follow wherever you lead us , whether that 's the disappearance of the native people in western-europe or the renaissance of europe ... 
  so up your military spending , develop some nukes and you wo n't get pushed around by the likes of erdogan anymore . 
  you guys are the defacto leader of the eu ... 
  if you 're weak we 're all weak , does n't matter if there 's an eu or not . 
  we can have nato ( minus us+t urkey ) without the eu . 
  imagine the case where merkel would have said nope , we have enough we 're not letting anyone in anymore . 
  the outer border would 've been closed within weeks . 
  everybody always looks at germany , be it with the greeks or turkey ... 
  but the road you guys took is not looking good to me . 
  tl : dr ; you guys are more powerful alone than you would be in the eu , if only you chose to become so . 
  hmm was n't aware , nice to hear about that ... 
  so we where going balls deep even when they did n't ` separate ' with russia ? 
  why the fuck did yanukovych not have both , anyway i always support the right to chose ... 
  the other matter if it was something we actually need/want . 
  we voted on that , said no ... 
  but today we have it anyway . 
   france paid indirectly a shitload of money for german reconstruction . 
  was n't it the marshall plan that did that ? 
  while you guys fucked them over in versaille basically setting the scene for wwii ? 
  anyway history is history ... we have to look forwards and do what 's best for each country . 
  germans do it the german way , french the french way . . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  just do n't share a common coin . 
  because they have a different mindset when it comes to fiscal policy ...
