  although i hope i can live in poland 20/30 years from now , when our imported friends might start to reach critical mass . 
  we could also just find a new balance . . the earth could use less people . 
  no problem if there 's only 1 billion of us left , just that we 'll need to replace the current system that assumed infinite growth . 
  they wo n't integrate so give it a 100 years and it 'll be solved . 
  there are thousands upon thousand of these men entering europe ... we can not rehabilitate them all , it 's their culture and it 's supported by their surroundings ... 
  so it 's impossible both in money and other costs to society to rehabilitate them all . 
  lock up rapists , and other violent offender as punishment and after they 've served their time get rid of them by deporting them ... 
  so that the next time they fuck up they 're someone else 's problem ( the country where they originated from have the right to them i guess ), 
  yeah punch back as a whole . . preferably by voting to stop this madness and send a whole lot of the non-assimilated ones ( start with criminals ) back , or complete civil war if it has to come to that eventually , but these lone terror attacks only strengthen te left and will give them support for importing more . 
  yes i get that , but it does n't seem like they need us attacking them to do that . . so this stupid fuck only provided fuel for the left , while putting himself in jail while accomplishing absolutely nothing to further his course ? 
  yeah but they 're already attacking us without these attacks ... ? 
  what would change ? 
  yeah but they 're already attacking us without these attacks ... ? 
  stupid fucks ... no long term vision whatsoever . 
  i mean i get the idea behind terror attacks by muslims ... 
  but what possible long/mid-term good can this do even in their mind ? 
  is n't bulgaria one of the countries not accepting them ? 
  oooh my bad !, 
  wow those two might actually be able to integrate , good for them !, 
  i hope you guys stay strong , eu money might be nice but it 's not worth it ... 
  if only you guys could tackle your corrupt politicians ( which are now being supported by the eu i believe ? ), 
  the young people now leaving eastern/central-europe en masse will be flocking back in 20/30 years ... 
  how about stopping to accept economic-migrants/refugees , bringing them to refugee camps in let 's say libya where they can stay for a fraction of the costs and use the remaining money to fill the hole ? 
  those refugees have been shown to ` flee ' the countries that refuse to take them at the moment . 
  haha for most i think it 's not too serious , but some might indeed ... 
  it 's just fun to be proud of your city . 
  '' [ rotterdam - de mooiste rotstad die er is '' ] ( https://youtu.be/-s6f7vq-w_u?list=rd-s6f7vq-w_u ) you can analyse it of course , but people need an identity some hate it to be proud of something you have little influence on . . 
  but i quite like it , it 's the same as nationalism/patriotism . 
  as long as you do n't take it too serious and actually think you 're superior it 's fine  some might take it too far ( hooligans ) , but for most it 's just a fun rivalry ... 
  well i guess some have to move in first to make it better , i applaud him . 
  but i would not want to be the first wave . . 
  it might take quite a few years before the social housing is sold and there 's more of a balance like we see in the better areas of the city . 
  but if i had some money laying around i 'd gamble and invest in rotterdam-zuid too ... once they get rid of a lot of the social housing it should be good , with the investment of feyenoord city and stuff . 
  for now i prefer kralingen-crooswijk though ... 
  it 's not there yet but i see it getting there a lot faster than charlois . 
  well true , but nobody wanted to live in rotterdam at first , some articles were written . . 
  some steps were taken to make it more attractive . 
  and now investors and people from all over flock to the city . 
  i 've visited plenty of houses , and there are a lot of investors , chinese showing up in tesla model s for a 150.000 house ... 
  i 've bid 170.000 on a 150.000 house and still did n't get it . 
  ze germans are partly to blame for that though , yes it was ugly as fuck ... and after the war they fucked up big time . 
  but it 's getting better and some would say actually nice these days . 
  especially at night . 
  also people seem to like the mentality that surrounds rotterdam , even though the classic rotterdammer seems to be living less and less in rotterdam , people embrace the identity . 
  depends on your situation , age , wife/girlfriend , children , income etc. . . 
  i can draw you a map but you can also see by the prices they 're asking what 's considered best to live ... prime locations : kralingen , centrum , laan op zuid secondary : katendrecht , noordereiland tertiary : kralingen west/crooswijk , delfshaven ... 
  but it really depends sometimes even on the street ... 
  places to avoid : charlois , rotterdam-zuid , slinge . . basically everything south of the maas with the exception of laan of zuid . 
  true , ca n't complain ( yet )  however some areas are better than others , so if you want some advice let me know ... rotterdam is improving but some areas are still shit ( lots of social housing and the people that come with it ) . 
  delfshaven the one you showed me for example is improving , but some areas are not quite there yet . 
  he 's probably from that dutch city where most of the tourists and expats ( used to ) go ... 
  i kinda hope it stays that way , rotterdam was a really affordable and nice city i do n't mind a few tourists but a lot of investors are making it difficult these days . 
  we are building houses , but not at the right people want to come live here ... 1200 should be fine , depends on the area you want to live in and your standards . 
  apartments ( + - 80m2 ) are about 200.000-250 .000 these days , where they could be bought for 160.000-180 .000 a year or 2-3 ago :( rents go up accordingly , lots of people looking to buy though . . not sure what the rental market is like , but that also seems to have gone up a lot . 
  you should have come 2.5-3 years ago , we have a booming housing market at the moment ... 
  so the prices have been rising very rapidly . 
  still not quite as bad as amsterdam though . 
  it 's good that some attention is paid towards this , for many people it is still unknown how these so called humanitarian programs are causing so much sorrow for all parties involved ... 
  both the people directly drowning and those who 'll have to pay for ( both literally and figuratively ) the ones that do make it . 
  great , finally something is done against these horrible people only trying to make themselves feel better without any regards to pragmatism . 
   turkey is moving back into the dark ages , shrouding itself in the vague ideas of unrestricted religion . 
  and we get to enjoy a miniature version and some of the consequences in our own backyard . . what a time to be alive , 
  it 's quite a bit easier and less deadly to leave christianity than it is to leave islam ... sure once upon a time it might have been the same . . 
  but we 're far past those times in europe . 
  yeah crazy if you ask me ... 
  but he what can i do . 
  i guess it also depends on how it 's asked , but it 's quite worrying . 
  i would expect it from migrants since the probably never feel fully dutch ... 
  but the natives , they also do n't seem to give a fuck . 
  ah well we 'll see what happens when the time comes . 
  not with the eu , they do things backwards . . firs the euro then a common monetary policy . 
  first a military than a common foreign policy , the other way around is not possible since people will reject it ... 
  but what must be must be , so they force it . 
  the eu creates a problem , and the solution is always more eu . 
  they do n't even seem to want to defend their own country ... 
  third time 's a charm ... 
  i work with about 20 iranians . . 
  some of whom still regularly go home , and most of whom still have a lot of contacts . 
  now they 're the pig eating , drinking kind . . 
  so they might not be representative of the whole country . 
  but they 're first hand accounts ... 
  current president is quite moderate considering the country he 's running in , and he got the vote of some quite liberal iranians i know . 
  it 's as liberal as they come there , so it 's a positive sign . 
  not what i 've heard from iranians ... 
  in the cities they 've always been liberal . 
  but the youth today is very liberal too . 
  yes but what i 'm trying to say is that the current government is not backed by a large portion of the population ... 
  they 're smart , unlike many saudisch . 
  so it might be better to side with them , promoting change than it is with saudi arabia . . where no change is possible . 
  that generation will die off eventually ... iran has a smart population , the politics will have to move to keep them happy . 
  the question is how long it will take . 
  also iran might have a future having an educated population and all that ... 
  i believe iran will move more towards the west as the old generation dies off , a lot of young people there are actually atheists like in the west . 
  this is only from talking to iranians , but i 've heard numbers up to 90 % of the younger generation not giving a shit being actual atheist . 
  yeah this will go perfectly ... all you need capable/honest humans running the show , not too many left in that continent . 
  unless they go there like the old days , not much will come from it ... just watch [ empire of dust ] ( https://youtu.be/a0c4_88ub_m?t=1h12m41s ), 
  hungry , no sex . . summer hot girls , eating/drinking westeners who you despise . 
  it 's everywhere in western-europe , after the meal and mosque they start making trouble ... now not terrorist attacks mostly , but isis did call for this month to attack us . 
  why not slowly change the system based on unlimited growth ? 
  we 'll reach a stable equilibrium , focus on education ... give natives with jobs incentives to have children .
