attacked persia * triggered *, 
  the software industry is much different than manufacturing . 
  for one , the employees in software are educated and have marketable skills that can be used all over the world . 
  people who work in manufacturing are uneducated and stick in one area . 
  i work with factories in the apparel industry , and i can tell you this is normal for south koreans . 
  not all of it at once , but the serious mistreatment of workers . 
  i work with people who have been in this business twenty years and they say the south koreans are the worst bosses they 've ever seen . 
  beating workers , withholding pay as punishment , dirty cafeteria and unsanitary food , restricted bathroom breaks , etc. 
  it 's really depressing . 
  not all south koreans are like this , obviously . 
  but enough are guilty of it that it 's become the korean reputation abroad in factory cities - from guatemala to indonesia to china . 
  my company would immediately cut ties with anyone who mistreated their workers but unfortunately not all companies think the same . 
  ... what ?!, 
  the meltdown in question was 30 years ago ... 
  not sure what you 're getting at ? 
  this is the * best * scenario . 
  if the saudi royal family loses power then the entire gulf turns into the next syrian-style battleground . 
  because you wo n't be overrun when shit goes bad . 
  it 's easy to talk when you 're half a world away . 
  if the saudi royal family loses control then the middle east will really , really be fucked . 
  if you think it 's bad now just wait until the entire arabian peninsula , bar oman , descends into islamist chaos . 
  that was n't anti-american in the slightest . 
  the guy was just quoting teddy roosevelt :  `` what i can not understand about the russian , is the way he will lie when he knows perfectly well that you know he is lying . ''  theodore roosevelt an american president , said this while helping to negotiate peace after the 1904 russo-japanese war . 
  interesting , thanks for the explanation !, 
  this is not true - al-qaeda and isis are generally against each other . 
  they 've shown that they are willing to work together but al-qaeda did n't just morph into isis . 
  al-qaeda exists separately from isis in both syria and iraq . 
  seriously . 
  why is tesco going to get in trouble for selling chocolate in poland ? 
  you seem like a fun guy . 
  hover over his flag ... 
   yeah , what are the odds that two white people will fuck ? 
  you 're thinking greeks are like western europeans . 
  we 're not . 
  greeks rarely marry/have kids with non-greeks . 
  totally unrelated , but i never thought i 'd meet another dutch-greek !, 
  i was beginning to think my brother and i were the only ones . 
  we ca n't all get cut rate deals on gas from isis, 
  i know greece does . 
  we have a first-rate air force despite all that 's going on . 
  they know that if turkey invades then we 'll stop paying . 
  have to protect your investments !, 
  but greenland is denmark , and you ca n't get much more north than that ... 
  no thanks , we 're good, 
  not to mention 24 % sales tax now ... 
  hold on a second ... 
  greece < 3 spain, 
  do n't tempt us, 
   something to do with centuries of attempted genocide . 
  at one point attempted turned into realized, 
  well it 's in greece soooo ... 
  `` united macedonia , '' when part of yugoslavia under tito , was the basis of [ yugoslavia 's claim to northern greece ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia ) . 
  tito , and subsequent leaders of yugoslavia and independent `` macedonia '' followed that idea . 
  it was taught in schoolbooks , and the results can be seen today . 
  there are people in skopje that believe ( greek ) macedonia belongs to them as their birthright as the true macedonians , the sons of philip and alexander . 
  the greeks had similar irredentist feelings for a [ greater greece ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/megali_idea ) but the lack of trying to incorporate turkish/bulgarian/albanian history and propagate it as our own means the majority of people laugh at the megali idea today . 
  the greek government has recently [ requested some pretty reasonable things ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_naming_dispute ) like upper macedonia or northern macedonia - something that does not give them full ownership over macedonia the name as that , implicitly gives them full ownership of the region of macedonia . 
  the [ close relations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_macedonia\u2013turkey_relations ) between skopje and turkey are what makes this concerning in modern-day . 
  turkey likes stoking tensions in the region , especially when it concerns greece , and they 've recently been getting closer and closer with skopje while doing things like providing them historical items related to alexander the great to push their nationalism and widen the divide with greece . 
   macedonia has 27.3 % share of gdp from industry , greece has 16 % . 
   a large amount of that industry is actually greek-owned . 
  a lot of business in skopje is greek-owned . 
  hell , in bitola and ohrid ( and i assume in the city of skopje ) most of the banks are greek companies . 
  or they were a several years ago when i last visited , it 's very possible things have changed . 
  you missed jordan, 
  you did n't answer my question - where did i say it 's a bad idea ? 
  i 'll actually answer yours , though - when law abiding citizens can not defend themselves against criminals only the latter benefits . 
  perhaps you live in a soft , safe neighborhood - i do n't . 
  would rather not wait 10-15 minutes for police to get to me while a criminal is breaking my window or kicking in my door . 
  i want to be able to defend myself , i do n't want to leave myself in a position where i can only be the victim . 
  i think you 've taken a cursory look at the law without really going into it . 
  handguns you can purchase in greece can * not * be used for self defense , only sport . 
  if you use a handgun for self defense be prepared to spend a very long time in jail . 
  the law frowns upon you defending your home with anything that can be termed a weapon - even if you throw a table at a robber and injure them you can go to jail . 
  also , i want to mention one more time - people are * not * approved to own multiple handguns . 
  the unofficial rule is one per person , and that one can pretty much only be purchased if you 're a member of a sport shooting club . 
  if a former oyk friend of mine can not buy a second handgun because his requests keep getting denied i doubt the average joe can . 
  maybe it 's different with metal walls but with drywall and wood 9mm penetrates more than .223 / 5.56 . 
  [ this is the second link off google ] ( http://www.guns.com/2015/09/17/self-defense-inside-the-home-avoiding-over-penetratio/ ) when searching for .223 home defense . 
  there are many more , including videos on youtube demonstrating that .223 does n't penetrate as much even 9mm . 
  again - not saying the navy does n't know what they 're doing and a bunch of people on the internet know better , just saying that in a home defense situation ( which is what i 'm talking about above ) .223 / 5.56 is actually preferable in many cases . 
  look more into the laws , then : * yes , you can own shotguns for hunting . 
  but they have a maximum shell count . 
  i believe it 's 3 ? 
  that 's not much capacity * you can own one pistol as long as you 're a member of a sport shooting club . 
  you have to get approved for more , as you 've stated , but they do n't even approve form oyk members who have been around guns most of their life - what makes you think you 'll get approved ? 
  * you can only have a reasonable amount of ammunition for sport shooting - i believe it 's 50 rounds , or one box . 
  for a clearer picture of * why * this all does n't make sense : * i can buy illegal pistols or actual assault rifles from former yugoslav countries or at the turkish borders . 
  for very , very cheap . 
  * i can buy illegal ammunition for anything i want from those same people mentioned above . 
  i was even told hand grenades are an option . 
  gun control working to maximum effectiveness here , huh ? 
  * shotguns are not only deadlier , but they cause significantly more damage - both intentional and collateral - than handguns . 
  yet we 're not allowed pistols , even though they cause minimal damage . 
  for an extra fun fact - 5.56 ammunition ( that used in m4s and m16s ) is actually among the * safest * ammunition to use indoors , while shotguns are the least safe . 
  in a country where it 's so easy to buy illegal military weapons that is now the major crossroads of people coming from violent countries to europe you want the native people to not have access to a means of defending themselves . 
  that does n't seem very fair . 
   lax gun laws only result in more of the wrong people getting armed , which leads to more gun related accidents than `` protecting ourselves '' . 
  if anything , we need stricter gun laws when criminal activity increases . 
  source ?
