  extremism necessarily means `` not mainstream '' , and protectionism in the form of agricultural subsidies is very much mainstream . 
  you said supporting protectionism is an extremist position . 
  that would make literally every french politician an extremist in economic terms since agricultural subsidies are pretty much untouchable . 
  so do you consider macron to be an extremist ? 
  no , if hofer was president , he 'd be telling people how employing women is bad for business and how the society has become too feminised . 
  so much better . 
  they 'll be there regardless of what politicians do . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is very big on involving his voters in every decision he makes , he created his entire programme by collecting proposals from his supporters and letting his base vote on it . 
  i mean , when do people who already have issues with islam in europe not use every opportunity to push their agenda ? 
   benefits whom ? 
  the agricultural industry obvi  at what productivity ? 
  pretty irrelevant when discussing communist countries since full employment had higher priority than productivity under that system . 
   it is an extremist position to argue that big economies now will benefit from protectionist stances . 
  is macron opposed to agricultural subsidies ? 
  but his statement is specifically about how islamophobia affects hijabis . 
  he was responding to a pupil who said that she was against headscarves because wearing one made it more difficult for women to get a job . 
  he basically said that rather than making women take off headscarves , we should respect the right of women to choose what they wear . 
   it 's almost like when a terrorist attack happens , or a story about sexual assault or violence comes out , peoples views on islam and muslims get less and less tolerant . 
  very few if any of these incidents are committed by muslim women , so discrimination against women wearing headscarves ( which , not all muslim women wear one and not everyone wearing a headscarf is a muslim ) is completely irrational . 
   to what effect ? 
  full employment . 
   and what 's the most protectionist country out there ? 
  north korea ? 
  and what 's the most laissez-faire country out there ? 
  let 's not with the slippery slope arguments . 
   and you see the eu and us policies are successful ? 
  no , i find them to be incredibly harmful to developing countries . 
  my point is that pretending that protectionism has been universally rejected by the mainstream is clearly wrong . 
  countries use protectionism where it benefits them , and push tree trade where it benefits them . 
  acting like advocating for protectionism is some extremist position is just making you look foolish . 
   ( women have the right to dress however they like . 
  that 's what i have to say about it . 
  this applies not just to muslim women , every woman may wear a headscarf . 
  and if islamophobia continues to escalate as it has done , there will come a time when we will need to ask all women to wear one as a statement of solidarity towards those who wear it on religious grounds . ), 
  he sent out a survey to his supporters asking them whether they intend to support macron or abstain or spoil the ballot . 
  then he 'll publish the results on may 2 and if the result is pro-macron , he 'll endorse . 
   we 're talking about 2017 france . 
  we 're talking about the merits of protectionism in general , hence my bringing up developing countries . 
  but as far as the west is concerned , you only need to look as far as the eu and us agricultural policy to see that protectionism is still the rule of the game even in the west . 
  neoliberalism is n't just a right-wing thing . 
  french military expenditures are 0.2 percentage points below the nato guideline . 
  nobody makes military spending a central point of their programme because they want to fix what 's essentially a rounding error . 
   protectionism makes everybody poorer . 
  that 's really not true . 
  protectionist policies have been used to much success by developing nations to grow domestic industries and accumulate capital . 
  protectionism provides the necessary buffer until domestic industries are able to withstand foreign competition . 
  it 's very much a necessary step in an economy 's development . 
  is google banned where you are ? 
  libdems are the epitome of neoliberal ... 
   he is absolutely using `` dog whistle '' speech to appeal to these people at home ? 
  not really . 
  if anything he 's moving closer to eurasianism but he 's really not an ethnonationalist . 
  putin 's relationship with the russian far right is anything but cosy . 
  the 2011 alliance of the nationalists and the liberals was the only real challenge to his authority and it clearly scared him , which is why you more likely to find the ringleaders in penal colonies than in the streets today . 
  stuff like the nashi youth clubs have been portrayed as nationalist training camps in the west but are basically designed to sap support from the far right , not strengthen it . 
  there has been a clear ideological shift to the right during putin 's most recent term but much of it is due to the far right banding up together and deciding to use official channels to hijack policy ( e.g. 
  the izborsky club ) rather than putin being some mastermind that plays the far right like a fiddle . 
  if anything putin 's attitude is the same as his attitude to kadyrov : he sees it as a problem but openly confronting it would be more trouble than it 's worth so he turns a blind eye to it as long as it does n't threaten his position eta : deleted the duplicate, 
  i remember all the drama between this subreddit and r/european ( before it was quarantined ) and let me tell you , a blanket ban on everyone who posted over at r/european back then would have been more than justified . 
  were there people in r/european that were n't ultra-racist shitstains ? 
  possibly , i do n't know their lives . 
  but you ca n't deny that that sub as a whole was racist as fuck and simply banning everyone from there would have made late 2015/early 2016 on this sub about a 548790976452 % percent less tiring . 
  i do n't know the whole backstory with r/offmychest and r/tumblrinaction but sometimes people from a certain sub persistently cause drama until it gets to a point where it 's just easier to shut the gates completely . 
  especially in a sub that 's created to be drama-free . 
  r/tumblrinaction and r/kotakuinaction are drama subreddits the sole purpose of which is to mock people and stir shit , whereas / r/offmychest is a subreddit created to let people unload their feelings without being mocked . 
  like sure , perhaps a couple people have a legitimate interest in posting to both without going against the spirit of the sub , but most of the time , the ban keeps assholes out of a place that 's explicitly designed as an asshole-free zone . 
  bc the french are really sexy . 
  everything to do with sex was called `` french [ something ] '' in german . 
  syphilis used to be called `` franzosenkrankheit '' ( french disease ) too . 
  and yet people are still pushing the idea that le pen 's rise is due to m\u00e9lenchon voters xd, 
  [ nbc news has video of the groaning ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/video/audience-groans-as-ivanka-trump-touts-father-s-advocacy-of-women-928960067525 ) and christine lagarde 's facial expressions are giving me life, 
  all this really shows is that highly competitive environments mean more anxiety , which ... anyone could 've told you that . 
  [ they are , actually ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-04-19/french-election-shocker-pollsters-baffled-by-four-way-contest ) - online polling has become more reliable than telephone surveys because telephone surveys now have up to 95 % non-response rate . 
  left-wing parties do n't generally terrorise roma neighbourhoods . 
  nah , the greens in germany are like bourgeois middle-aged people who care about keeping their neighbourhoods tidy , leftism is n't really their thing . 
  ah yes , the brava gente myth . 
  benito mussolini , 1920 :  when dealing with such a race as slavic - inferior and barbarian - we must not pursue the carrot , but the stick policy / ... / we should not be afraid of new victims / ... / i would say we can easily sacrifice 500,000 barbaric slavs for 50,000 italians . 
  benito mussolini , 1941 :  when ethnicity does not accord with geography , it is the ethnic group that must be moved . 
  population exchanges and forced exodus of people are providential , because such transfers result in political frontiers that coincide with racial groups general mario robotti , 1942 :  we are not killing enough !, 
  / ... / we should not limit ourselves solely to internment . 
  i would not be opposed to all slovenes being interned and replaced by italians . 
  in other words , we should take steps to ensure that political and ethnic frontiers coincide . 
  general mario roatta , 1942 :  at whatever cost italian domination and prestige must be restored , even if all slovenes have to be shot and slovenia destroyed . 
  [ while we 're on the subject of roatta ] ( http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/1354571042000254746 ) :  in january 1943 , in preparation of a large german-planned mopping-up expedition dubbed operation weiss , roatta issued orders , now without any effort of concealment , that all males of 18 years and over , if found in operation zones , were to be shot ` on the spot ' ; all other civilians in these areas would be arrested and sent to concentration camps and their houses burnt to the ground . 
  roatta had embraced the notion of collective guilt and random punishment that left individual responsibility totally out of the equation of justice . 
  you can choose to believe whatever you want , but slovenes will always remember rab , gonars , risiera di san sabba , the bazovica four , the deportations of tens of thousands , the summary executions and the barb wire around ljubljana , just like the montenegrins will always remember biroli 's `` 50 dead for every italian '' orders , the greeks will always remember the domenikon massacre and the ethiopians will always remember the hundred thousand gassed by badoglio , yekatit 12 , danane and nocra . 
  [ maybe you should n't have put kids in concentration camps ] ( http://europeanmemories.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/inmate_children_at_the_rab_concenctration_camp.jpg ), 
  thanks for the laugh, 
  that does n't make it a far-right regime . 
  putin 's regime is n't far-right , it 's basically the same blend of social conservatism , political illiberalism and relative economic liberalism ( with the corruption that comes with having an oil-based economy ) that you find all over central asia and the mena region . 
   he still made the right choice for the country and took a stand against fascism . 
  fillon cares so much about standing up to fascism that he got sens commun to endorse macron . 
  oh wait , that did n't happen . 
  it 's almost like the endorsement was just a political nicety . 
  the eu ca n't force spain to bring the case before a european court . 
  you can bring the case before a eu court after you 've exhausted your legal appeals at home , which is the job of this lady 's legal counsel , not some guy in brussels . 
  the rich contribute less to society per every euro in income than everyone else . 
  they consume less per every euro in income ( which means they pay less in vat and other indirect taxes ) . 
  the french economy is driven by domestic consumption , so cutting welfare expenditures adversely affects economic growth ( because the main consumers have less money to spend ) whereas taxing the income of the top tax bracket spurs economic growth because a ) redistributing money to lower tax brackets means more consumption and b ) progressive taxation encourages the rich to actually invest their money rather than sit on it .
