  you know what the eu should n't enable ? 
  81-year-old holocaust survivors having to beg on the streets to survive . 
  i honestly ca n't believe how cruel people on this sub are . 
  she 's a 81-year-old holocaust survivor who apparently never received a cent of compensation and has been forced to beg to survive and you 're all acting like * she 's * the problem . 
  honestly fuck y' all . 
   she is wearing a gold ring bigger than the one it lotr ffs . 
  and she would get maybe $ 100 for it depending on the purity of the gold , so what 's your point ? 
  italy does n't actually have an acute debt problem to begin with ( it 's all legacy debt that is highly sustainable ), 
   if le pen ends up winning in france , which she wo n't, 
   concentrating on 2004 is not really helpful . 
  i was n't the one doing it , i was responding to a comment that claimed poland was doing terrible before joining the eu , which obviously is n't true . 
  but i think the phare programme really hurts rather than bolsters the argument put forward by people itt that the act of joining the eu was the primary cause of newfound prosperity since many countries that have not yet joined the eu were also part of the phare programme ( albania , macedonia etc ) and have n't seen nearly the same growth trajectory as other beneficiaries . 
  so my argument is that the argument is backwards and that more prosperous countries were allowed to join sooner , not that eu membership as such aids economic development . 
  m\u00e9lenchon / macron would almost definitely mean a macron victory , think of everyone on the right who would vote for macron to stop m\u00e9lenchon, 
  poor hamon, 
  how ? 
  not really . 
  poland went through a really bad economic crisis during the solidarity years due to western sanctions and being locked out of the credit markets ( among other reasons ) , plus the economic shock of 1991 , both of which damaged the economy , but it grew very fast in the 1990s and [ joining the eu did n't make the economy grow dramatically faster ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg?end=2015&amp;locations=pl&amp;start=1992&amp;view=chart ) . 
  the only thing that 's really substantially improved before and after accession is [ unemployment ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/8d/unemployment_rate_poland_1990-2013.jpg ) because obviously the freedom of movement allowed millions of poles to look for jobs in other parts of europe . 
  temme 's testimony was always shady af and it 's really shameful that the court did n't order this kind of forensic analysis on its own . 
  but forensic architecture did great work here , i hope it makes a difference . 
  who employees get special treatment ( as does the un ) , so she did n't have to apply for a regular residence permit . 
  or they just had the tab still open, 
   you look at a map of europe and you 'll see that the eastern european countries who joined the eu are doing much better than the ones who did n't correlation = !, 
  causality those countries were already better off before they joined the eu , e.g. 
  slovenia has always had a much higher living standard than the rest of yugoslavia ( plus no war ) . 
  this has nothing to do with the content of the article , go post off-topic drivel somewhere else . 
  this relates to literally nothing in the opinion piece . 
  read the damn article , then comment . 
  do n't comment if you have n't read the article . 
  playing nice with kosovo is all the eu cares about re : serbia . 
  there has been next to no eu pressure to combat corruption , media censorship or judicial corruption in serbia even though these are all constant issues highlighted in the eu 's own reports ( hence there 's been minimal improvement if any over his term ) . 
  the eu just swallows vu\u010di\u0107 's bullshit because they trust him not to start shit with kosovo . 
   vucic is pro-eu and has the support of 50 % of the people . 
  the opposition is anti-eu and pro-russia . 
  vu\u010di\u0107 is more a lot more pro-russian than all of his opposition apart from his old buddy \u0160e\u0161elj . 
  there 's no major anti-eu party apart from \u0160e\u0161elj 's . 
  the eu is n't going to criticise vu\u010di\u0107 anytime soon , he 's been pulling this type of nonsense for years and the eu does n't care as long as they get concessions on kosovo ... 
  you completely misinterpreted my comment ... u/partisanal was suggesting that the allegations of sarin use were false because the white helmets did n't use gloves ... 
  i said it 's clear there was some kind of organophosphate involved ( sarin is an organophosphate ) , which contradicts u/partisanal 's conspiracy theory ... and i was n't aware of the turkish health ministry statement , care to provide a link ? 
  lmao get tf over yourself , i 've been on reddit for years , this is just a new account, 
  if you look at actual footage of the victims , they show clear signs of organophosphate poisoning ( pinpoint pupils above all ) . 
  it 's impossible to tell if it was sarin without laboratory analysis , but it was clearly some kind of organophosphate . 
  i do n't know much about the italian wage system , but i imagine it comes down to a technicality . 
  wages & salaries are gross figures , so for example , if your social contributions are technically taken out of your salary and not paid directly by the employer , they 'd be included in the `` wages and salaries '' portion and not the `` other costs '' one . 
  yet more evidence that protestants suck, 
   germany literally bailed out greece . 
  because the cost of bailing out the greek banking sector was a lot lower than the cost of bailing out the german banking sector was , which would need to happen if the greek banking sector was n't bailed out ( was their reasoning ) ... 
  it 's simple maths ... 
  [ source = eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7968159/3-06042017-ap-en.pdf/6e303587-baf8-44ca-b4ef-7c891c3a7517 ), 
   again , how did germany and other countries managed to do so well if the eurozone was flawed in design ? 
  because its banking sector was saved by peripheral states absorbing its exposure ... if germany was forced to rescue deutsche bank + commerzbank at the height of the crisis the way ireland , portugal etc etc did , it would be under water to this day, 
   fixing one while ignoring the other can have devastating effects . 
  in the european case , the eurozone crisis * was * the ( failed ) bug fix for the banking crisis ... 
  the sovereign debt crisis did n't naturally arise because of the banking crisis , it happened because eurozone governments decided to try and save their banking sector by assuming their debts , which in turn caused the sovereign debt crisis ... you can see that very clearly by comparing the eurozone with the rest of the world , which also experienced a severe banking crisis but not a sovereign debt crisis ... sure they are related but you needed an additional step to transform the banking crisis into a sovereign debt crisis , which was the flawed design and the subsequent mismanagement of the eurozone ... so to solve the sovereign debt crisis and prevent future ones , you really need to address eurozone flaws first and foremost since they were the reason why the banking crisis became a sovereign debt crisis in europe but not anywhere else, 
  i mean i agree that it started out as a banking crisis but the mismanagement of the crisis transformed it into a sovereign debt crisis ... to be sure , the cause of the latter was the unloading of bank balance sheets onto the state but the eurozone crisis was essentially a botched attempt to solve the banking crisis and it 's important that we acknowledge this, 
  the 2007/2008 crisis was a banking crisis whereas the eurozone crisis is a sovereign debt crisis ... doubtlessly the banking crisis triggered the sovereign debt crisis , but they are two different things and therefore deserve different treatment . 
  but that has more to do with uk nationals leaving ireland than anything else , the number of polish nationals as per the 2011 census was virtually the same ( 122,585 ) whereas there were 10,000 more brits in ireland in 2011 . 
   there should in my mind be no situation where polish-born individuals outnumber british-born individuals living in ireland , this still is n't the case though ... 
  this survey was about citizenship ... 
  there are ~ 250,000 uk-born people in ireland vs 122,000 poles , it 's just that many uk-born individuals already have irish ( or some other ) citizenship by way of jus sanguinis, 
  i mean the bar for running for president is not that high in france ... does n't mean they have a snowball 's chance in hell, 
   now the fascists replaced jews with muslims . 
  well there is also a subset of fascists who still managed to find a way to blame the jews for everything ( saying that the migrant crisis was orchestrated by the jews/soros , that isis is a jewish plot etc ) ... 
  imagine if m\u00e9lenchon does overtake fillon ... neither ps nor lr making it into the top three ... that would hurt . 
  [ that may not end up the way you want it to ] ( http://i.imgur.com/23jtr3t.png ), 
  yeah i do n't think that idea will take off ground , just saying, 
   because the larger cities i know , even with high number of cars , are pretty well livable and nothing like hell . 
  ( my experience in berlin , munich and d\u00fcsseldorf ) nothing like hell , sure , but 90 german cities regularly exceed eu air pollution regulations ( no2 pollution that is almost entirely caused by traffic in cities ) and germany has already been sued by the eu for exceeding those limits . 
  so you may not be coughing on your way to work every day , but these things do real harm and have huge economic costs . 
  so you can marry a rich saudi, 
  the only v4 country that cares about russian sanctions is poland ( even that is arguable , some industries were n't all that happy about them either ) , the rest either really do n't give a shit or are secretly in favour of dropping them ( or are already pretty much skirting the sanctions , [ see here for example ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-08/hungary-pushes-back-against-image-of-russia-s-trojan-horse-in-eu ) ) . 
  it 's the baltics that always make noise about russia , central europe dgaf . 
  i do n't think that commenter was trying to argue a court case lol . 
  but it 's objectively true , the libya mess happened because of cameron and sarkozy and the us really only participated because france and the uk do n't even have the capacity to coordinate the logistics of a military operation of such a scale on their own . 
  you want the eu to occupy part of libya ? 
  what ? 
  it is a political attack , just one that came from front national . 
  asylum seekers are n't allowed to work for a period of time under german law . 
  [ france has one of the highest rates of high-risk opioid abuse , so it 's definitely not the former . 
  the uk takes child labour very seriously, 
  i mean the tories broke off from the european people 's party to form a separate faction with the polish pis , so even if you consider william and kate 's visit some kind of endorsement , the tories have been doing much worse for years, 
  martin sellner is an anti-social weirdo who spends his days crying about annexing south tyrol while gently caressing the german imperial standard . 
  i mean even ignoring all the bad politics , he 's just off as a person . 
   if it were n't for the killing and war , who knows how history would have remembered him . 
  ... killing and war comes with the nazi package buddy, 
  good luck having that `` evidence '' stand up in court, 
  ngos are exempt from human trafficking charges because they do n't engage in human trafficking . 
  by definition , human trafficking needs to involve threat , use of force or some other form of coercion for the purpose of exploitation . 
  simply transporting someone from a to b , regardless of their level of distress , is not human trafficking by any stretch of imagination . 
  well , idk . 
  if prescription opioids explained the lack of overdoses in france vs. the rest of europe one of the following would have to be true : a ) a non-trivial ratio of opioid deaths in other european countries would have to be caused by prescription opioids ( this is n't true , the vast majority of opioid overdoses involve heroin or methadone [ i mean technically methadone is a prescription drug but it 's not pain medication ] ) b ) a non-trivial ratio of opioid deaths in other european countries would have to be people who first got an opioid prescription , got hooked on something like oxycodone and then moved to heroin , which later killed them ( which i can find no evidence for ) i think france may have relatively few opioid-related deaths because of [ the proportion of opioid users in substitution treatment , which is the highest in europe and makes it hard to overdose since the doses injected are tightly monitored ] ( http://i.imgur.com/caeu6w7.png ) - but how is the 64 + age bracket the single largest source of overdoses ? 
  that 's the part i do n't get . 
  surely french pensioners ca n't be committing suicide by illicit drugs in such disproportionate numbers ? 
  are they all accidentally poisoning themselves with their grandchildren 's drugs ???? 
   sounds like the senior authors did n't know/read it ... 
  embarrassing for all around . 
  that happens all the time , it 's easier to get published if an established professor 's name is on the list and some advisors/senior researchers actually get pissed if you do n't ask them if you can list them as co-authors even if they did jack shit . 
  it 's deeply unethical but works well most of the time for all parties involved ... [ unless of course the actual author fakes his data and gets caught ] ( http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2015/05/how-a-grad-student-uncovered-a-huge-fraud.html ), 
  there is something extremely weird going on in france because in the majority of other countries , opioid overdoses account for the vast majority ( 75 % -95 % ) of drug-induced deaths .
