  more like `` keep them away from shit that could literally kill them until they are old enough to follow instructions '' . 
  you 're acting like putting your child in a secure confined space within your field of vision is somehow worse than letting them run around while you 're distracted and then beat them if they happen to do something dangerous and do n't die from resulting injuries , all at an age when they 're too young to understand why you 're beating them . 
  where 's your parent of the year award ?????? 
  do you live in a closet ? 
  [ look , a totally hi-tech solution to that problem ] ( http://topreviews24x7.com/wp-content/uploads/summer-infant-secure-surround-play-safe-play-yard.jpg ), 
  why the fuck would you let your child anywhere near an iron in the first place ? 
  do n't punish the kid because * you * ca n't be arsed to take the necessary precautions to keep your child away from electrical devices . 
  no , you just [ shoot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winnenden_school_shooting ) [ them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erfurt_school_massacre ) [ up ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eppstein_school_shooting ) in school . 
  ( incidentally , germany 's lower ranking is almost entirely down to their much worse score on education . ), 
  using gay rights as a metric would make front national the most progressive french party since they have more high-ranking gay functionaries than any major party in france , which ... is a condemnation of that metric if i ever saw one, 
  why would germany be above belgium ? 
  bulgaria is exactly the type of music teenage girls go for and they make up a disproportionate share of the televote , i imagine . 
   it makes the fucking national news when some brands are using fat models and praising it . 
  it makes national news because it 's so exceedingly rare, 
  if you 're using it for commercial purposes you need to register it as such , comply with zoning laws and the building maintenance and fire codes , undergo several inspections , provide a first aid kit , ensure you have a a clearly marked fire escape route , pay the applicable levies , taxes and charges and get liability insurance . 
  then you can do whatever the fuck you want . 
  a couple problems with that approach : * most russians get their news from state-owned tv , which would n't report on any leaks * it 's very unlikely that you 'd find any smoking guns in a hack , yes the medvedev 's e-mails were important clues for the investigation into his secret properties but they were just clues that needed to be coupled with dozens of foia requests , land registry records etc * the west does n't have a good handle on russian public opinion , which is why such a hack is likely to backfire, 
  create an independent kurdistan with maritime access build a pipeline to erbil ??? 
  this does n't even qualify as `` undercutting democratic legitimacy '' , that would have to entail something like rumours of faked election results or corrupt ballot counters or something else that would put the validity of the election outcome in doubt . 
  this is just an attempt to discredit a particular candidate , which , while dirty , does n't delegitimise the french democratic process . 
  the former , ie how would you label yourself . 
   seems a strange position to take , since many documents might never even be verifiable . 
  in my opinion , it would be way more sensible position to assume everything is fake until proved otherwise . \u00b4 wikileaks dumps usually involve tens of thousands of documents , it 's pretty unreasonable to assume someone went through the trouble to fake every single one of them, 
  airbnb rentals are making rents unaffordable for people who actually have to live in those cities, 
  they just broke shit , big whoop, 
   being against fascism is reasonable , being part of antifa is not . 
  why not ? 
  so what if she 's an anti-fascist ? 
  last i checked being against fascism was a pretty reasonable position, 
   than there is to prove the guy is nazi . 
  lol he 's participating in a neo-nazi rally , he 's wearing a thor steinar hoodie and told the girl muslims were coming to the czech republic to rape her , but i guess that makes him a centrist in your eyes, 
  how is she an extremist , bro, 
   tatiana vinnitchenko , the head of an organisation currently helping survivors to flee chechnya 's campaign of violence , has urged the international community to offer refuge to those affected . 
   `` i really want to believe that countries in the schengen zone , but also canada and the us , will have the good sense and the political will to give these people visas , '' she told france 24 . 
   `` it 's very important and it 's our main problem at the moment . 
  we ca n't keep such a large number of victims here indefinitely . ''  she adds : `` if we do n't get them out they risk being found and put to death . '', 
  lol @ you acting like holding a banner at a counter demo makes you a stalinist, 
  what do you want the ~ msm ~ to say ? 
  courageous skinhead bravely confronts a threatening-looking girl in a scout uniform ? 
  how is she an extremist, 
  her position is `` nazis are bad '' , that 's a pretty common-sense position . 
   left wing extremist she 's a 16-year-old girl scout, 
  this poll looked at self-identification , not voting patterns . 
  every language has exceptions to grammar rules but english is easier to learn simply due to more exposure and better resources . 
   who voted for the enabling act again ? 
  again with the revisionist history . 
  who voted for the enabling act again ? 
  lmao where tf did you go to law school ???? 
  [ in the us it costs a lot more to put someone on death row than to give them a life sentence ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/28/opinion/28mon3.html ), 
  nazis are not civilised and do n't choose to live in accordance with democratic values so what 's the problem ? 
   nazis were erradicated from germany . 
  which had nothing to do with spd and everything to do with the allies , a world war and 60 million casualties , so what exactly is your point ? 
  `` vote spd , they 're useless at fighting fascism '' ? 
  what 's morally bad about beating the shit out of nazis ? 
  works for the uk , but a lot of ee countries have really small white respondent sample sizes even , and really small non-white populations , so i ca n't imagine the current respondent pool for the test has more than a couple dozen non-white respondents in countries like slovakia , which would make results highly unreliable . 
  how did spd 's vision work out for them ? 
  tuition was only introduced in the uk in 1998 and this map looks at the entire 25-64 age group , meaning that most of the uk graduates got their degrees when tetriary education was still 100 % state-funded, 
  most working-age graduates got their degrees before the imposition of tuition fees in 1998 . 
   without low taxes they 'd be in a similar situation to greece . 
  why does all the blame lie with kpd and none with spd ? 
  spd joined the general strike with kpd after the 1920 coup only to then turn around and use the paramilitary police to repress the kpd in two months of violent clashes once they got into power . 
  spd refused to join a kpd-led general strike after the 1932 prussian coup . 
  spd never reached out to kpd , preferring to ally themselves with nationalists and conservatives that ended up handing over the state to the nazis . 
  spd kept painting kpd and nsdap as being `` one and the same '' . 
  the spd refused to cooperate with kpd as late as 1935 , when it forbade its members any and all organisational links or common action with kpd ( this was after kpd adopted a united front policy and actively courted spd ) . 
  and for that matter , what did the ~ centre-right ~ and the conservatives ever do to stop the nazis ? 
  where were they ? 
  oh that 's right , they were busy cosying up to the fascists . 
  who made hitler chancellor ? 
  who voted for the enabling act ? 
  who reversed the ban on the sa ? 
  why does the right 's chronic inability to even recognise , let alone fight fascism always get blamed on teh left ? 
   no , but it has n't stopped le pen , now has it ? 
  has trying to reason with her supporters stopped her ? 
  for non-white europeans ? 
  i imagine the respondent samples are too small, 
  https://implicit.harvard.edu/implicit/selectatest.html you get shown random pictures of faces ( 6 white , 6 black ) and words ( 8 positive , 8 negative ) and you have to sort them into two categories using keys on your keyboard ( e and i ) as quickly as possible . 
  so for example , it may ask you to press i every time you see a picture of a black person or a good word , and e every time you see a picture of a white person or a bad word . 
  the idea is that if you 're racially biased against black people , you 'll make more mistakes and/or respond more slowly if you have to sort black people into the same category as good words because you 'll be subconsciously inclined to group black people together with negative words and white people with positive words . 
  lmao where were you in kosovo ? 
  if you take the test , it asks you to select a racial identity and also your country of primary citizenship . 
  white european in this context means everyone who indicated they were citizens of a european country , excluding those who chose a racial identity other than white . 
  the difference is not that huge and the samples used to create the map are not representative, 
  from yesterday : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/68ywaz/map_how_easily_white_europeans_associate_black/, 
  at this point , it 's up to macron to convince the electorate to vote for him so ?? 
  yeah a classless society and a race war are totally the same goal i 'm sure you think you 're witty and original but this `` the communists are literally exactly like the nazis '' argument has been done a million times before by people a lot more articulate than you , so why even bother at this point when you 're two comments away from pointing out that the nazis had the word socialist in the name ? 
  because we all know neo-nazis respond super well to reason and arguments, 
  kpd and spd had a combined 36 % of the vote , but nice revisionist try, 
  posted and wanked over already, 
  hitler came to power because conservatives preferred making a deal with a literal fascist party than reach across the aisle and work with zentrum and/or spd , but sure , it 's always easier to blame the communists . 
  denmark is the top supplier of the hi-tech needed for china 's transition to green energy , imo it 's more likely that this is more a sign that china is invested in that trade relationship rather than a tool for future blackmail . 
   having special bond and sharing identity with your country is a natural survival mechanism . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  nannies, 
  and just as casual racism came back in vogue, 
  [ disclaimer : i am virulently anti-le pen ] there are quite a lot of examples of parallel use of domestic and foreign currencies actually . 
  there was a period in yugoslavia ( as well as during the yugoslav wars ) where the deutsche mark was basically used as an unofficial parallel currency , so i imagine le pen 's proposal would work in a similar manner ( the euro arguably behaves like a foreign currency anyway since the french central bank does n't print it or control the exchange mechanism ) . 
  there were a lot of dm in circulation because of yugoslav exports to germany , german tourists and remittances by yugoslav workers in germany . 
  the way it worked was you 'd be paid in yugoslav dinars and small everyday purchases were made in dinars but if you were buying something larger like a car or agricultural equipment , you 'd often pay in dm because it was a more stable currency ( conversely , you 'd take a loan out in dinars because the inflation rate meant the value of the loan would fall in real terms over time ) . 
  and then the yugoslav central bank used the dm accumulated in people 's bank accounts to pay off public debt .
