   ( [ source ] ( http://www.reproductivereview.org/images/uploads/britains_abortion_law.pdf ) ) so basically you need to provide a reason that 's either of medical nature or something along the lines of `` i 'm too young to bear this child '' / `` i have three children already and ca n't take care of another one because i 'm on minimum wage '' / etc. 
  and then it 's basically up to the doctor to decide if that 's reasonable . 
  that means that if the reason you give is `` this baby is a girl and i only want a boy '' you may well be rejected . 
  honestly slovenia would love this because being on the schengen border is a pain in the arse, 
  idk man , some bureaucrat approving the erection of a giant phallic symbol without ever considering wind shear is exactly what would happen in slovenia or croatia and usually serbia is n't that much better, 
   i doubt they did n't consider such factors . 
  this is the serbian government we 're talking about ... 
  bad idea . 
  [ india has recently installed a similar 110-metre flagpole on the border as a fuck-you to pakistan ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/30/india-flag-amritsar-wagah-kashmir-pakistan-winds ) . 
  only problem ? 
  the strong winds mean the flag just gets torn and blown away every week and the cost of constantly replacing the flag is already in the thousands of dollars . 
  lol what ? 
  the only time slovene flags are flown in slovenia is for national holidays . 
  and maybe football matches , depending on how embarrassing our team is . 
  wow ... this election is shaping up to be something else, 
  yeah i get it , it 's a pretty weird system . 
  i could n't find a more detailed source but apparently mail ballots were going to be introduced but then that provision in the bill was annulled by the constitutional court :  in march 2008 a new bill , proposed by the governing justice and development party ( akp ) , was adopted by the parliament . 
  it introduced voting by mail , electronic voting , voting at diplomatic representations , and at border stations as alternative voting methods . 
  the republican people 's party ( chp ) applied to the constitutional court for the annulment of the provision about postal voting , arguing that it is in conflict with the principles of voting in privacy and free from any pressure . 
  shortly after , the constitutional court revoked the clause on postal voting as unconstitutional ( decision no. 2008/113 ) . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://eudo-citizenship.eu/news/citizenship-news/1080-external-voting-to-be-implemented-for-the-first-time-in-turkey-s-forthcoming-presidential-elections ) ), 
  yes but they 're still organised by the consulate . 
  they have nothing to do with the dutch government . 
  i mean what do you propose we do , ban the turkish consulate from renting event halls ? 
  i 'm not arguing against your larger point , i 'm just saying mail ballots are n't a thing in turkey . 
  i 'm pretty sure they were actually banned by a court decision , i 'll see if i can find a source and report back in a bit . 
  once you 're in a monopolist position , it 's pretty easy to shut out competition . 
  ride-hailing companies like uber never launch at every location at once , they always start out in one or two cities and then expand . 
  if you have a monopoly in a certain local market that is being threatened by another company , it 's pretty easy to just lower the prices in that locality and wear your would-be competitor out without it affecting your earnings everywhere else . 
  seriously there 's a reason why monopolies are considered damaging to economic welfare . 
  i ca n't with all the redditors who think they know better than 300 years of economic history . 
  you would have wanted your country to capitulate to the nazis sooner to save a couple of old buildings ? 
  you 're free to think that but you 're wrong . 
  double citizenship is much less of a problem than people imagine . 
  germany has only allowed turks double citizenship since 2014 if they can prove that they would suffer significant negative consequences if they had to give the turkish citizenship up and the total number of turks with double german-turkish citizenship is a couple ten thousand people . 
  the vast majority of german turks voting in the turkish elections are turkish citizens with permanent or temporary residence status in germany . 
  if european countries wanted to stop the turkish diaspora from being able to vote in turkish elections they would have to make obtaining european citizenship a lot easier for turks ( in most places you have to live in the country for a decade or more , pass a language test etc etc ) , which we all know is n't going to happen . 
  the polling stations are held at turkish consulates and you ca n't stop them from holding elections unless you outright expel them , which is n't going to happen . 
  nah this shit happens all the time . 
  at least with turkey the vast majority of european turkish diaspora actually has real ties to the state of turkey whereas hungary has started extending citizenship to its historical minority in transylvania and slovakia who have never lived within the borders of the republic of hungary . 
  until 2000 , you could only request german citizenship if you had lived in germany for at least 15 years . 
  this has been revised down to 8 years plus a citizenship and language proficiency test . 
  if you got german citizenship you had to give your old citizenship up . 
  since 2014 , it 's possible to keep your other citizenship if you prove that you would suffer substantial negative consequences by giving up your other citizenship . 
  even so the number of turks who have double german-turkish citizenship in germany is maybe 20,000 people altogether . 
  the vast majority of turks of voting age in germany have either only german or only turkish citizenship . 
  those who only have turkish citizenship can only vote in turkish but not german elections and those who only have german citizenship can only vote in german but not turkish elections . 
  there 's no conflict . 
  turkey does n't do mail ballots , expats have to cast their ballot at a polling station usually set up at a turkish consulate or similar . 
  in 2015 they had polling places set up in 54 countries . 
  cameron 's decision to call the referendum was entirely about inter-party politics ( wanting to shut up the eurosceptic wing of the tories ) . 
   wait . 
  after uber becomes the monopolist will they continue to underprice and turn in losses ? 
  because the problem is when they abuse their monopolist position , and when they do that creates room ( and incentive ) for the next company which wont work at a loss either , so no need for constant vc capital . 
  at that point it would be fairly easy for uber to drop prices and/or increase driver compensation as well as pulling another operation slog until the challenger simply ran out of money . 
    nyc and la are not your average cities . 
  in greece taxi drivers work by themselves and they agree on the price ( and never print a receipt ofc ) i ca n't believe you came at me with `` do you know what monopoly means '' when you clearly do n't have a clue yourself . 
  seriously wikipedia costs $ 0 , maybe educate yourself before you speak . 
  uber 's losses are completely unprecedented . 
  uber promised it would become profitable by late 2016 . 
  instead they lost three billion dollars , the most any tech startup has ever lost in a single year , and they have not adapted their business model at all . 
  they are just not a profitable company . 
  do you genuinely think that there would be no public uproar if the bailout deal suddenly fell apart ? 
  do you think the german public is so stupid it would n't be able to tell who 's responsible ? 
  do you genuinely think they would vote for those exact same people anyway ? 
   they always are created by government interference lol no  no business runs on this model uber 's does . 
  it 's been losing money hand over fist ( [ $ 2 billion in 2015 ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-12-20/uber-s-loss-exceeds-800-million-in-third-quarter-on-1-7-billion-in-net-revenue ) , [ $ 3 billion in 2016 ] ( https://techcrunch.com/2016/12/21/uber-losses-expected-to-hit-3-billion-in-2016-despite-revenue-growth/ ) . 
  uber spends over $ 1.5 for every dollar it makes . 
  it has never made a single cent of money for any of its investors ever . 
  it 's [ fundamentally unprofitable ] ( http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2016/11/can-uber-ever-deliver-part-one-understanding-ubers-bleak-operating-economics.html ) . 
   there will be room for a third one only if you find a group of investors dumb enough to gift you billions of dollars to try and compete against a company with a $ 69 billion valuation that already dominates the market and are willing to keep giving you money until you 've outlived uber and accept they will have to keep losing enormous sums of money until you do . 
  good luck with that . 
   also , arent taxis abusing their monopolist position since ever ? 
  what taxicab company holds a monopoly in a major city though ? 
  la has nine major taxi franchises , nyc has dozens etc etc. 
  that 's why profit margins in the taxi industry are so thin . 
  like , i ca n't believe people are acting like the taxi business is super profitable , when have you ever met a rich taxi driver ? 
  it 's a shitty job . 
  taxi fares are high because it takes more than a couple of bucks to make a profit . 
  like , i ca n't @ the entitlement of people who expect to be driven around the city for a dime and a nickel . 
  do you know what a duopoly is ? 
  [ 5 % of all apartments in the city ] ( http://fusion.net/airbnb-has-made-it-nearly-impossible-to-find-a-place-to-1793856969 ) , which is more than enough to disrupt the renting market seeing that they are concentrated in a few places . 
  lyft has the exact same business model as uber . 
  [ that 's a real thing though ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/apr/05/muslim-man-dies-in-india-after-attack-by-hindu-cow-protectors ), 
  if its prices were the same as taxi companies , it would still need to subsidise its operations because [ its costs are higher than regular taxi companies in every category ] ( http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2016/12/can-uber-ever-deliver-part-two-understanding-ubers-uncompetitive-costs.html ) . 
  the company survives only because its investors have deep pockets . 
  when it comes to the economics , uber is an uncompetitive business with a fancy app . 
  apparently its investors disagree because that 's the only way uber 's business model makes sense . 
  either that or they 're really optimistic about self-driving technology . 
   the number of protesters swelled in front the serbian government 's headquarters as hundreds of policemen and soldiers , who were holding a separate rally over low wages and poor living standards , joined the students . 
   `` the times when politicians would turn the army and police against its people are over . 
  the army , the police , and the people are in one place today , '' veljko mijailovic , the head of the police union , told the crowd . 
  syriza has been polling at ~ 20 % for months and has very little chance of winning the next election so i 'm pretty sure sch\u00e4uble cares about tsipras even less than usual, 
  honestly does no one read anymore he 's not trying to win over voters with some populist drivel , he 's trying to avoid having to `` ask our respective parliaments for a mandate that allows us to negotiate a program without imf '', 
  i frankly care very little about what he does or does not believe but the fact that he chose to highlight imf 's past pessimistic projections over , say , greece 's failure to implement this or that reform like he is known to do , most definitely serves a political aim . 
  i do n't know why you 're so intent on disputing this incredibly obvious conclusion . 
  pretty decent trolling , i give this attempt 5/10, 
  but like the video says , there are canadian companies that make `` feta '' from cow milk instead of sheep milk ... that 's like me giving you a fried chicken wing and calling it beef . 
   if uber were exploiting its own employees they would all leave . 
  half of them do leave within a year , so,
