no it isnt . 
  i 'm not interested in debating tax policy with you . 
  i 'm just trying to get you to play fair . 
  obviously . 
   no , someone said that tax evasion , tax fraud and tax avoidance were morally equivalent . . that 's a bit different . 
  again , wrong cat . 
  chechen sexual morals are more cultural than anything . 
  in chechnya even stuff like hetero couples holding hands is very frowned upon and has even gotten women killed . 
  if you listen to kadyrov , he always uses phrasing like , `` according to our tradition [ not islamic teachings or w/e ] , if a woman misbehaves , her family may kill her '' . 
  no , you 're doing some humourless version of a dad joke where you deliberately misconstrue what 's being said . 
  it 's like hearing someone say , `` i want a cat , '' and you going , `` what are you going to do with a lion ? 
  do you have children ? 
  because you know that you ca n't have your children play with a lion , right ? '', 
  yes , lions can conceivably be called cats and yes , claiming tax credits on an electric cars can conceivably be called tax avoidance , and yet that was clearly not the intended meaning of the original statement . 
  someone said , `` tax avoidance is a bad thing and we should have less of it , '' and you went with , `` i ca n't believe you want to kill tax breaks for energy-efficient vehicles , why do you hate the planet ? '', 
  and you refuse to accept that when people say `` cat '' , they do n't really mean `` lion '' until they either quit or continue the conversation on your terms , which i ca n't imagine serves any purpose other than really lame trolling or some weird ego-boosting exercise . 
  whatever the case , it 's really transparent and really annoying . 
   if we start lumping them together , and taking ` avoidance ' to mean ` things that i do n't like about the tax system ' , we have a problem , because we are not talking about what those issues actually are and we are essentially throwing out a policy tool because governments sometimes do n't use it terribly well . 
  again , you 're purposefully misconstruing what everyone else is saying . 
  clearly the intended meaning as used by everyone else in this thread is `` tax practices that go against the spirit of the law '' , not `` things we do n't like '' , and literally no one has suggested getting rid of all forms of tax incentives to counter unwanted tax practices . 
  you 're just being intellectually dishonest to make some contrived point about how `` tax avoidance '' is an imprecise term . 
   it is however the actual definition of tax avoidance . 
  it is one of the possible definitions of tax avoidance . 
  however , as you rightly observe yourself , everyone else in this conversation is using a different definition . 
  you may argue that your definition is better or even the only right one and you would be potentially justified in doing so , but right now you 're just being wilfully obtuse . 
  afford other people enough respect to engage with the substance of their arguments , even if you object to their wording . 
  otherwise you 're just wasting everyone 's time , including your own . 
  ca n't really put economic sanctions on a province of another country ... you can introduce sanctions against specific individuals but kadyrov and most of his circle already had their european assets frozen over crimea, 
  claiming deductions and tax credits as envisioned by the lawmaker is not what would be considered tax avoidance in the context of this video . 
  clearly both the makers of the video and u/whyyoushouldcare are talking about tax avoidance as a form of tax noncompliance ( ie the subversion of the intent of the tax code by exploiting loopholes and tax avoidance schemes ) , not simply conduct that happens to result in a lower tax bill . 
  under your definition , having a child and receiving a tax credit for that child is a form of tax avoidance , which , i 'm not going to argue is not a * possible * definition , but it clearly is n't the definition used by anyone else in this conversation , so you 're just arguing past everyone else . 
   on monday , the spd leader also disavowed a proposal he had floated during the euro crisis which had been fervently opposed by ms merkel -- the idea of mutualising the eurozone 's debts by issuing eurobonds . 
   `` the only interesting thing about bonds is james , '' he said . 
  that 's the single lamest pun i 've ever heard, 
  you have some weird-ass understanding of tax avoidance . 
  that 's the idea . 
  fighting tax avoidance does n't mean throwing the world 's jimmy carrs in jail , it means closing tax code loopholes that are only there to allow you to artificially lower your tax bill . 
  apparently lebanese people share the most genetic similarity with ancient phoenician populations . 
  this is actually incredibly catchy . 
  yeah i agree m\u00e9lenchon making it to the 2nd round is still pretty unlikely ( a 6 % surge is more likely to be followed by a slight dip in ratings rather than another huge surge ) but it 's a lot less unlikely than it was a month ago . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see , 
  he 's an eco-socialist , basically . 
  on the environment , he wants to transition to renewable energy and phase out nuclear energy , take the environmental impact into account when making budget decisions , and protect air and water as common goods . 
  on labour , he wants to gradually reduce the working week to 32 hours , repeal the controversial el khomri labour market liberalisation act , and raise the minimum wage . 
  on the economy , he wants to separate retail and investment banking , withdraw from controversial free trade agreements , invest in the green economy and introduce a 100 % tax bracket for earnings above ~ $ 400,000 . 
  on the eu , he wants to renegotiate key eu treaties ( the lisbon treaty , the maastricht rules etc ) . 
  on foreign relations ( his weakest policy area imo ) , he wants to leave nato and stay out of wars . 
  domestically , he wants to reform the state ( strip the presidency of some of its powers , give mroe power to the parliament , allow constituents to recall mps ) . 
  i mean chirac was n't many people 's first choice in 2002 either . 
  his voters are the least committed out of all the candidates ' bases , so they may not show up in big enough numbers even though they say they intend to vote . 
  it 's what the field is called , i did n't make it up . 
  the values outside the parentheses are by how much you would need to exceed the speed limit to lose your licence and the values inside the parentheses are the actual speed . 
  so in nsw the speed limit is 50km/h and if you exceed it by 30km/h ( ie drive 80km/h ) , you will lose your licence . 
  as far as the european parliament goes , the socialists & democrats have become much more left-oriented under gianni pittella 's leadership and would probably support many of m\u00e9lenchon 's proposals ( they 've come out in support of syriza instead of pasok many times even though syriza is n't even in s&d and pasok is and so they technically owe their support to pasok ) . 
  unfortunately the social democrat parties at the national level have often totally different priorities . 
  eurostat tends to list separate figures for the euro area ( 19 countries ) , the euro area ( 18 countries ) , the euro area ( 17 countries ) , the euro area ( 16 countries ) , eu-25 , eu-27 and eu-28 , plus their tables usually include iceland , norway , and/or a few other european countries for comparison ( [ example ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=gov_10q_ggdebt&amp;lang=en ) ) . 
  i imagine we 'll just get another row called `` eu ( w/o uk ) '', 
   worth noting also that both macron and le pen are shown to lose a couple of points in the latest poll - possible that both are having votes siphoned off . 
  something like 40 % of the french electorate are not yet fully decided on who they want to vote for so imo it 's more likely that m\u00e9lenchon attracted more undecideds into his column than macron and le pen did in the same period ( due to his performance in the debates ) than that le pen voters jumped ship . 
  depends on who wins the german election . 
  if it 's cdu again , we 'll see the same thing that happened in greece ( here i 'm thinking more about the pasok era than the syriza era ) , spain , italy etc etc. 
  lots of polite smiling and lots of backstage attempts to sabotage the french government . 
  the centre-right gathered in the european people 's party always uses the same playbook : look out for your own and do n't give the left a single inch . 
  that 's why spain was n't punished for its deficit under rajoy ( epp ) , that 's why pasok ( s&d ) was basically forced out of power just so nea demokratia ( epp ) could do the exact same thing pasok agreed to but have it come from the right etc etc. 
  i prefer m\u00e9lenchon but i have no illusions that he will get anything done at the european level as long as the most powerful governments are epp . 
  he is n't . 
  the problem is that the french and the german governments have traditionally had completely different economic ideologies . 
  it 's hard to agree on any reform if you ca n't even agree what the facts are . 
  sure , but if your reason is `` i do n't want a girl '' , you still have to lie . 
  that 's the difference between fully legal abortion on demand and uk rules on abortion . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  there 's nothing in there about abortion . 
  sex selection is illegal when it comes to ivf . 
  in political science , populism means believing there 's a homogeneous group called `` the people '' and another group called `` the elite '' and that `` the elite '' are clueless yet still control everything to the detriment of `` the people '' . 
  it 's basically the opposite of elitism , where you basically believe in the same distinction between the elite and the people but believe that it 's the people that are clueless . 
  it 's just that no one outside of political science ever uses it correctly . 
   the fact that women do not in practice have access to ` abortion on demand ' was well illustrated by the daily telegraph ` sting ' operation , of 2012 , in which an undercover journalist visited a number of clinics asking for an abortion on the grounds of fetal sex . 
  in all but three cases , the doctors refused to authorise the request because they did not believe it was right to do so it 's literally in the pdf i linked in the comment you 're replying to , boo . 
   a more relevant statistic is productivity growth where france is not doing as good as germany source ? 
   and have been the reason why some french sectors have so much trouble adapting to today 's situation . 
  not really , the french have higher productivity even than the germans for example . 
  all of them would face major problems with the parliament because none would have their parties take the majority . 
  i mean under hollande the parliament is over 50 % ps and he still needed to push everything ( including macron 's proposals ) through by decree and his party squabbles over everything all the time . 
  this is only going to get worse when the biggest parties in the parliament benefit from opposing you all the time . 
  macron 's compromise talk sounds nice but he 's a centrist so everything he does will be attacked from both sides all the time . 
  there are contentious issues that flare up from time to time , like using polish spelling on lithuanian id cards and street signs bc of hte polish minority in lithuania . 
  [ long complicated history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93lithuanian_commonwealth ), 
  honestly croatia controls half of the adriatic and you guys ca n't even let us have half a teacup of sea ? 
  come on , where 's the bratstvo i jedinstvo ? 
  uh western sahara is empty because it 's a disputed strip of fucking desert riddled with landmines, 
  for britain :  the 1967 abortion act , which still regulates abortion practice , did not grant women the right to end an unwanted pregnancy . 
  the act gives doctors the discretion to decide whether there are medical grounds to support a woman 's request for abortion . 
  the law does not allow a woman to end her pregnancy simply because she wants to ; there must be evidence that the pregnancy would threaten her physical or mental health or that of her children . 
   is it legal to terminate a pregnancy because of a woman 's social or financial circumstances ? 
   yes . 
  this is provided by section 1 ( 2 ) of the abortion act , which states that doctors may take account of the pregnant woman 's actual or reasonably foreseeable environment when making a decision about the impact of the continuance of a pregnancy on a woman 's health . 
   here again , the law bestows upon doctors a gatekeeping role in terms of deciding who may have an abortion , but within that role provides for a great deal of latitude in making their decision . 
  the law does not state that doctors ` must ' take account of a woman 's environment , but that they ` may ' do so . 
  there is an implicit recognition that it is not always possible to separate the mental or physical health effects of abortion from a woman 's wider social circumstances - such as her income , her housing situation , her support network . 
  doctors may take all this into account in determining whether to authorise an abortion .
