  uber loses $ 3 billion per year subsidising customer fares on a non-scalable business , how is that not predatory pricing ? 
  what u/caraphractoi said , and also many people used to sublet their apartments and have now switched to airbnb because they can make more money off of tourists and that results in fewer apartments available for rent and higher rents for the locals . 
   you 're paying to live in a house . 
  an increasing amount of airbnb listings are commercial properties that are rented out year-round tho , if airbnb were just random people with a spare room , it would have stopped growing by now . 
  [ the actual cost of providing the service is greater than with traditional companies ] ( http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2016/12/can-uber-ever-deliver-part-two-understanding-ubers-uncompetitive-costs.html ) , uber just subsidises over half of your fare . 
   i think what people do n't understand is the reason why uber flourished in the first place . 
  it flourished because [ it 's undercutting competitors on prices due to paying out over $ 2 billion in subsidies p.a. 
  ] ( http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2016/12/can-uber-ever-deliver-part-two-understanding-ubers-uncompetitive-costs.html ), 
  borrowing at a rate below the rate of inflation is the same as making money , though . 
  uber literally ** can not ** provide better service at similar prices without billions in investor subsidies . 
     uber is the industry 's high cost producer   can uber produce urban car services more efficiently -- at sustainably lower cost -- than traditional operators ? 
  can uber 's success in driving incumbents out of business and achieving the largest venture capital valuation in history be explained by a powerful competitive efficiency advantage ? 
    if one examines the four components of industry cost it becomes apparent that the opposite is true . 
  ** uber not only lacks the major cost advantage that a company seeking to drive incumbents out of business would be expected to have , but actually has higher costs than traditional car service operators in every category , except for fuel and fees where no operator can achieve a cost advantage . 
  **   these structurally higher costs are fully consistent with the ongoing , multi-billion dollar losses documented in part one of this series , and the finding that uber 's rapid growth is driven by massive investor subsidies , and not by superior service or efficiency . 
   http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/screen-shot-2016-12-01-at-5.56.19-am-624x217.png   the first two rows on exhibit 1 quantifies the difference between the two business models . 
  traditional taxi leasing companies pay 33 % of these costs ( vehicle and corporate costs ) plus the vehicle capital risk ; since the uber model shifts vehicle costs and risks to drivers , they are only covering 15 % of the total cost structure and bear none of the capital risk . 
    ** higher driver compensation . 
  ** recent in-depth studies from chicago , boston , new york and seattle show that the 58 cents retained by traditional taxi drivers provides hourly take-home rates in the $ 12-17 range ( in 2015 dollars ) and that full-time drivers can only realize those hourly averages if they work 60-75 hours a week . 
  [ 2 ] true pre-tax earnings are even lower since workman 's compensation , health insurance and some miscellaneous expenses must be covered out of take-home pay . 
  recognizing that big city taxi drivers are forced to work much longer hours than typical drivers , this data is consistent with census bureau analysis which estimated the average wages in the broad category of taxi and limousine driver as $ 32,444 per year and $ 13.25 per hour ( in 2015 dollars ) . 
  [ 3 ]   uber needed extraordinary traffic and revenue growth in order to fuel the growth of its ( now $ 69 billion ) financial valuation . 
  in addition to the massive subsidies for uneconomical fare and service levels needed to shift passengers away from traditional operators , uber needed to subsidize uneconomical driver compensation premiums large enough to get hundreds of thousands of drivers to abandon other operators and sign up with uber . 
    uber 's above-market driver compensation meant its drivers were often more professional and drove better maintained cars than their lower paid counterparts . 
  in a competitive market drivers would have no incentive to drive for uber if it paid the same as traditional operators ( why take on all the vehicle expense and risk for the same $ 12-17 / hour yellow cab pays ? ), 
  and it would be impossible for uber to ever achieve a driver cost advantage over incumbents without paying significantly less than traditional operators , which would require pushing average take-home wages down to ( or perhaps below ) minimum wage levels   ** higher vehicle costs . 
  ** it is inconceivable that hundreds of thousands of independent , poorly financed uber drivers uber could ever achieve lower vehicle ownership , financing and maintenance costs than professional fleet managers at a reasonably managed traditional operator , or do a better job balancing long-term asset costs against local market revenue potential . 
  ** shifting operating costs and capital risk from uber 's investors onto its drivers does not eliminate them from the overall business model , and actually makes them higher . 
  **   every other transport industry depends on highly centralized management using highly sophisticated systems to ensure that capital assets are highly utilized and tightly scheduled around market demand . 
  the uber business model implies that all these industries are horribly wrong ; decentralizing asset purchasing , maintenance and scheduling to isolated low-wage workers would not only reduce costs , but create an efficiency gain large enough to drive all incumbent operators out of business . 
  no one has produced any economic evidence demonstrating that the uber view might be correct . 
    ** higher dispatch and corporate costs . 
  ** traditional taxi owners take 15 cents of each passenger dollar to cover dispatching , corporate overhead and profit while uber currently takes 30 cents . 
  but uber 's costs are much , much higher ; even though they provide less than half the service of traditional companies . 
  the p&l data clearly shows these charges come nowhere close to covering uber 's actual corporate expenses . 
  unlike traditional cab companies , uber fees need to cover the cost of global marketing , software development programs , branding and lobbying programs , the huge market development costs of uber 's expansion into hundreds of new cities and must also fund a return on the $ 13 billion its owners have invested . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2016/12/can-uber-ever-deliver-part-two-understanding-ubers-uncompetitive-costs.html ), 
  half of all uber drivers have previously worked as a driver , a full 40 % of whom have worked for black car , limo , and for-hire car service before ( source : hall , jonathan , and alan krueger . 
  `` an analysis of the labor market for uber 's driver-partners in the united states . '', 
  since the majority of uber drivers work very few hours per ( [ over 50 % only drive 1-15 hours per week ] ( https://thelittledataset.com/2015/03/30/the-rise-of-the-new-kind-of-cabbie-a-comparison-of-uber-and-taxi-drivers/ ) , the majority of uber 's service is provided by the ~ 19 % of drivers working over 35 hours/week , who tend to be former or current professional drivers . 
  you can be a dictator in your own country and still be someone else 's puppet , which is what i believe the oc was getting at . 
  there are many many examples of puppet and client states in recent history ( communist satellites , nazi puppet regimes , etc etc ) , i do n't get why you think it 's impossible, 
  it 's possible that be also genuinely believes it . 
  but thinking that he simply speaks from the heart without giving any thought to the political implications of his words is hilariously naive . 
   the medallions being tradeable is n't the problem yes it is , it is the one and only reason why the medallions cost $ 1.3 million . 
  being tradeable means that investment companies are able to buy them ( thereby inflating the price ) and then lease them out for a couple of hundred dollars a day to taxi drivers to make money . 
   got a solution or you 're just here to prove how morally superior you are to everyone else that does n't share your views . 
  why are you projecting ? 
   what does it have to do with the upcoming election ? 
  again ,  if the imf walks out , the right wing of the cdu will go ballistic , and his party will face onslaught both from the left and the right just before the election if the imf walks out , it will be because they 've determined that the bailout programme is not feasible . 
  this means that sch\u00e4uble misled the parliament and that european partners will now have to shoulder more of the cost of the bailout . 
  this would be obviously an unpopular development that is undoubtedly going to hurt his credibility and likely hurt his party in the election . 
   why would he say what he said , when it wo n't have any effect on the decision of the imf ? 
  he 's communicating the position of his government , which is part of his job description . 
   if the reasons you named were valid , he would have been better off to not bring up the topic at all that is precisely wrong , sounding confident about the greek economy is part of what he needs to do to keep the imf on board . 
  not saying anything would mean not challenging the imf 's assertion that the bailout is not feasible , which is obviously the exact opposite of what he wants . 
   it would be great if the local government lost the ability to issue medallions due to \u00fcber . 
  or they could just revert to the old model when the medallions were n't tradeable , which would immediately fix the problem . 
  sch\u00e4uble assured the german parliament that the imf was going to participate in the third bailout without requiring debt relief . 
  if the imf decides not to participate after all , there will be political ramifications . 
  what 's dubious about that ? 
  the medallions are sold and managed by the local government , it 's not like the taxi business is happy with the cost . 
  this is n't about another bailout , this is about keeping the imf on board for the current bailout , which germany already approved . 
  honestly does no one read the article before commenting . 
  it 's not like uber drivers and taxi drivers are two discrete groups . 
  at least in the us , many if not most active uber drivers are either current or former taxi drivers . 
   rig prices uber rigs prices much more than taxi companies , if you look at the math , only 41 % of the fare is paid by the customer , the other 59 % is covered by uber 's investors in pursuit of a market monopoly . 
  uber loses literal billions of dollars every year because its prices are so low . 
  in new york , taxi medallions cost up to $ 1.3 million . 
   but i do n't see how it relates to the elections  if the imf walks out , the right wing of the cdu will go ballistic , and his party will face onslaught both from the left and the right just before the election do you need me to draw you a diagram ? 
  yes but the point people are making is that it is n't an accurate reflection of the number of people who actually want a job and considering the increasing share of unstable and part-time employment , an argument can be made that the unemployment figure is not as good as indicator of the health of the labour market as it was in the times when stable full-time jobs were the standard and therefore needs to be complemented with other data . 
  he spent a lot of political capital to sell the newest bailout to the german parliament ( which would never have approved the bailout deal without a ) the imf on board and b ) the promise of no debt relief ) , he basically acted like imf participation was a sure thing even though the imf keeps saying that european projections re : the greek economy are incredibly unrealistic without a debt cut . 
  if the imf walks out , the right wing of the cdu will go ballistic , and his party will face onslaught both from the left and the right just before the election . 
  he personally and the cdu in general have got a lot riding on imf participation , which is why he 's saying that the imf is too pessimistic and that the greek economy is in fact doing so well that greece does n't need debt relief ~ ~ until after the election ~ ~ . 
  he 's playing nice because the imf is still not on board with the new programme and he ca n't afford to have the imf walk out this close to the german general election . 
  that 's all it is , electoral politics . 
  suit yourself . 
   they are not supposed to account for those people . 
  depends on what you want to measure , active job seekers or potential for job creation, 
  it could be a family heirloom ? 
  a wedding ring ? 
  like have you people never heard of the concept of a personal gift ?????? 
  slovenia so small it wo n't be long before the traffic jam reaches the austrian border :p, 
  again what 's your point ? 
  she is n't going to get out of poverty by selling that ring . 
   eu is their only realistic way out of a perpetually corrupt society and a sinking economy yeah i see hungary is doing so much better on that front since 2004 . 
  i also see how croatia stopped rehabilitating nazi collaborators after joining the eu . 
  the system works !, 
  / s eu incentives only work if the eu bothers to enforce them . 
  they 've clearly given up in serbia . 
   why do you think stability is only beneficial for the eu ? 
  why are you acting like the only choices are `` ensuring stability , tolerating corruption '' or `` another war '' ? 
  it would be perfectly possible to pressure the government on fighting corruption and keeping peace with kosovo . 
  but the eu is perfectly willing to throw its weight behind a corrupt party with an opportunistic leader who was , before becoming europe 's darling , best known for demanding 100 dead muslims for every dead serb . 
  that 's who you 're defending . 
   that 's a contradiction in terms . 
  how ? 
   prioritizing stability in the balkans has worked out pretty well so far yeah for the eu . 
  meanwhile regular serbians have n't seen their lives improve . 
   this is not what the eu should enable god this sub is such a fucking cesspool .
