  [ in france , it 's not even half . 
  and an absolutely disproportionate share of drug-induced deaths is among the elderly ( 64 + years of age ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xwzgeuk.png ) . 
  i do n't know how to explain it because i am not familiar with the french situation at all , but it 's all very atypical . 
  there are some regional differences in how much of which drug is consumed in which country ( e.g. 
  the spanish use a lot of cocaine , the british consume disproportionate amounts of ketamine etc ) but most of overdoses are due to opioids . 
  if it was just a case of more opioid use = more deaths , you would see a correlation between [ problem use ] ( http://www.emcdda.europa.eu/sites/default/files/edr2017-fig2.10.png ) and i 'm sure there is some , but it 's not the defining factor . 
  portugal 's incidence of opioid abuse is almost twice the incidence in norway , yet drug-induced mortality is much lower in portugal . 
  and if you look at national trends , there are certainly countries that have seen a lot of variation . 
  sweden went from ~ 7 deaths per 1,000,000 people in 1995 to 100 today and that kind of increase is pretty hard to explain without looking at country-specific policies . 
  thousands of dead swedes apparently, 
  i mean it 's not as liberal as portugal 's but afaik drug possession for personal use is tolerated and germany has extensive harm reduction programmes like supervised injection sites and heroin-assisted treatment . 
  in heroin deaths ? 
  no thank you, 
  you could 've easily checked but greece did not provide data for 2016 because of delays with toxicology reports , it says so in the emcdda report . 
  the greek rate for drug-induced deaths per million was 8.7 in 2015 . 
  it was just a stupid joke , but i could n't resist, 
  wow life must be so hard for you , where can i donate to your youcaring account, 
  not if they reject you, 
  lmao how is that offhand remark about how that user assumed sweden had a more liberal drug policy an `` extreme stereotype '' ? 
  like i have never in my life heard anyone associate swedes with drug addiction , you flew off the handle over nothing . 
  i have a sneaking suspicion that sweden has so many people die of heroin abuse just because everyone who has to interact with you irl immediately feels the need to counteract how insufferable you are by shooting up, 
  who pissed in your cereal ? 
  [ this speaks for itself ] ( http://www.tdpf.org.uk/sites/default/files/sweden-portugal-graph.png ), 
  i do n't know if the numbers include asylum seekers , but if they do , that would affect the numbers as well since a bunch ( i think most , actually ) [ eu countries bar asylum seekers from working for a certain period of time ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-npb80fxorks/wmkohcquw6i/aaaaaaaaa_q/yutffg5qiyoimdc639dhzgw1oq_xlquiwck4b/s1600/c60-fkfwkaeceqm.jpg ), 
  nah there are slovenian companies ( construction in particular ) that have basically specialised in getting ex-yu workers to germany and austria . 
  the way it works is a slovenian company recruits workers in the balkans , an ex-yu worker applies for a work permit in slovenia ( relatively easy to do if you already have a job offer ) , and the company immediately sends them to work in germany as a posted worker . 
  that way the german contractor pays the slovenian company something slightly above the slovenian rate and the slovenian company pays the ex-yu worker slightly better than what they would get in e.g. 
  bosnia . 
  ( technically german companies should ensure that the workers get paid the same a german worker would but it 's very much a do n't ask do n't tell type of situation . ), 
  some of those posted workers do n't spend a day working in slovenia . 
  so i imagine our statistics are skewed by all the bosnians who work in the west on slovenian permits . 
  i 'm guessing croatian companies just have n't had the time to set up a similar scheme since croatia has n't been part of the single market for that long and some countries still restrict croatian workers ' access to their labour markets . 
   portugal has a lot of systems in place to help addicts , it 's not like they just decriminalized all drugs and were done with it . 
  obviously . 
  but zero-tolerance policies certainly do n't help . 
  portugal decriminalised all drugs and is the lowest on the list , so clearly they must be doing something right, 
  it makes sense , what else is there to do in sweden apart from drugs, 
  1963 and 1974 are the classic examples, 
  lol i do n't trust the eu to intervene in/on behalf of eastern europe one bit . 
  they did n't do shit in bosnia , kosovo or ukraine , i do n't believe for a second that france would lift a single finger for a country like estonia if they were n't in nato . 
  first of all , i am not proposing anything , least of all a policy of hyperinflation . 
  second of all , the ecb increases the money supply by literally almost a hundred billion euros every month and nobody bats an eye . 
  third of all , there is a lot of policy space between `` doing absolutely nothing at all '' and `` purposefully torpedoing your economy to stick it up to the french '' . 
  when was what ? 
  yes and, 
  yeah , meanwhile all the european countries that did austerity for a decade only have 50 % youth unemployment . 
  those japanese fools , am i right ? 
  you do realise that hyperinflation was a deliberate government policy designed purely to avoid having to pay reparations to the french , right ? 
   well , it is generally accepted that private expenditures is more efficiently allocated and will generally have a higher return on investment . 
  eh , really depends on how shit your state is . 
  assuming equal competence in the private and the public sector ( which admittedly ... is n't a given ) , large-scale investments by the state are actually more cost-efficient than private-sector equivalents simply because states do n't have to generate a 6 % + return on investment for their investors and can borrow money at much lower rates than any private enterprise . 
   reducing public expenditure to the level of having 0 deficit is hardly austerity . 
  cutting public expenditure is kinda the definition of austerity . 
  there is no question that states should avoid deficits , but cutting public spending is a temporary fix . 
  you can balance the books by shutting down some government department for a year , but the very next year , you 're going to collect less in taxation because of the decrease in economic activity generated by your cut and you 're going to have to cut something else , etc etc etc until there 's nothing left . 
  the monetary theory of inflation is mostly bollocks . 
  western economies have increased the money supply by some $ 10 trillion since 2008 and none of them can even hit the 2 % inflation target . 
  japan 's economy is really only stagnating because of the shrinking population , which leads to a smaller aggregate economy but virtually no negative effect on actual living standards . 
  public expenditure is n't inherently more or less sustainable than private spending - it 's still people 's money being spent , it just makes a detour . 
  there 's nothing inherently more sustainable about giving $ 20 to emmanuel the private citizen and telling him , `` hey go grab my cousin something to eat '' than giving $ 20 to emmanuel the president and telling him , `` hey go get my cousin in the army something to eat '' . 
  it 's only a problem if you start buying too many people 's lunches . 
  mark blyth went through every single example of so-called expansionary fiscal contractions and showed that in every single case , `` expansion through austerity '' was `` successful '' because an export-driven economy drove down production costs via internal devaluation at the precise moment when its main trading partner went on a shopping spree ( e.g. 
  canada and the us ) . 
  this is completely useless for france , which again , is not an export-driven economy and whose main export destinations are the uk ( whose buying power will have shrunk dramatically bc of brexit ) , the us ( which , as you will have noticed , no longer want to be everyone 's export dumpster ) and germany ( which , as you will also have noticed , hates spending money ) . 
  forcing through austerity for france is n't just shooting yourself in the foot , it 's shooting yourself in the foot , reloading the rifle and then shooting yourself straight in the face . 
  on the other hand , it worked for italy for half a century . 
  now that they ca n't print their own money , they 're suddenly a shitshow . 
   will this hyperloop be cheaper to build ? 
  will this hyperloop be cheaper to use for people ? 
  i doubt that . 
  yeah , i really do n't get the economics of it . 
  i was under the impression that railway companies make most of their money with freight transport and hyperloop is supposed to be passenger-only . 
  i read that the san fran-la route was supposed to be partly funded through ads on seat screens but that 's like the world 's most expensive media market , who 's gon na want to pay anywhere near that to air ads to commuting slovaks ? 
  like there 's no way the route would be profitable for decades . 
   you 're either a special economy that can print its own money ( the us , essentially ) , literally every country with its own currency can print its own money ( eurozone members ca n't because they 've given up that power , but it 's not like money creation is a special us-only power . 
  austerity does n't shrink national debt , especially not if your economy is fuelled by domestic consumption like france . 
  if you cut government spending , you 're cutting the earnings of individuals and companies working for the government and their entire supply chain , which in turn leads to lower spending in the private sector , which leads to a shrinking gdp , which blows up the debt-to-gdp ratio even if the nominal debt level remains the same . 
   quite popular in his party and that 's the only place he 's still popular in . 
  well hundreds of them commit suicide every year so ... 
  it was for libdem credibility , hence my comment, 
  lol no, 
  the libdems only have themselves to blame , who 's gon na trust them again after the disastrous coalition with the tories ? 
  lie down with dogs etc, 
  labour could lead a minority government that would be supported by the snp and the libdems on an issue-by-issue basis . 
  it would n't be ideal but it 's probably a more elegant solution than a formal coalition agreement because the snp probably would n't enter a coalition without a commitment for a second independence referendum and labour would n't make that commitment even under corbyn bc of scottish labour . 
  a minority government would allow both parties to save face and still cooperate on the issues they agree on ( which is most other issues ) . 
  diary farmer numbers have not grown . 
  ideally this is how it should work but since the removal of the quotas , there 's no body that would allow farmers to coordinate production caps ( and such a body would be illegal under eu cartel laws anyway ) . 
  as such , farmers suffer a prisoner 's dilemma of sorts : they know that stemming production would be good for them in the long run , but only if everyone did it , otherwise they would just end up going bankrupt . 
  since they have no guarantee that everyone would do it , the only solution available to them is produce more and try to outlive the competition . 
  i think dairy is a great example of an industry that would benefit from government intervention . 
  it 's not `` their own country '' if they do n't even have citizenship there, 
  repatriation ri\u02d0patr\u026a\u02c8e\u026a\u0283 ( \u0259 ) n , ri\u02d0pe\u026atr\u026a\u02c8e\u026a\u0283 ( \u0259 ) n / noun the return of someone to their own country . 
  those `` high-tech things '' cost actual real-life money . 
  and the retail price is much higher than what farmers get per litre , if you 're paying $ 1 for a litre of milk , the farmer will usually get ~ 30-40 cents . 
  and that needs to cover rent for tens if not hundreds of hectares needed for feed , equipment costs , vet bills , inspections , feed supplements etc etc. 
  and that 's with subsidies . 
  if there were no subsidies , milk would have to be twice as expensive for the farmers to break even . 
  who cares about being powerful , i just want to know i wo n't have to sell a kidney to pay the hospital bill if i 'm ever in a car accident, 
  maybe also consider not supporting pseudo-autocrats like vu\u010di\u0107 and gruevski while you 're at it,
