  the london bridge attackers were n't radicalised in mosques , two of them were reported to have been banned from their mosque . 
  it 's true though , italian police has a very different approach to counter-terrorism . 
  demographics play a very important role , too , of course , but the police in italy have more powers than in many other places in europe bc of anti-mafia laws and they move very quickly . 
  places like the uk , germany etc prefer building a strong case for an arrest somewhere down the line before moving in on someone and will collect vast amounts of intelligence on people before making themselves known ( which means the number of people under surveillance is very large and it 's no wonder people slip through the cracks ) . 
  italy does do wiretapping etc but they also take people in for questioning and do house searches at the first sign of trouble . 
  ( for example , youssef zaghba had his [ technically his mother 's ] place searched immediately when reported to police . ), 
  they 'll do an extensive interrogation and an exhaustive background check and if they discover an unrelated issue ( e.g. 
  inconsistencies regarding your residence permit ) , they 'll unceremoniously deport you . 
  and even if they find nothing incriminating , this type of early contact will probably make the suspect pretty paranoid because they do n't know just how much the police have on them and how extensively they 're being monitored . 
  further reading : http://asia.nikkei.com/viewpoints-archive/viewpoints/doing-counterterrorism-right?page=1 http://www.politico.eu/article/operation-expulsion-italys-controversial-counterterrorism-strategy-tunisian-imam-civil-liberties/ http://mediterraneanaffairs.com/italian-counter-terrorism/, 
  it 's called espresso because it 's meant to be short, 
  something like 80 % of the price of your average cigarette pack are taxes and duties . 
  fuel taxes are high because the social cost of fuel consumption ( from vehicles damaging roads to poor air quality to global warming ) is high . 
  what do us democrats and indian politics have to do with you supporting a party that continues to arm sponsors of terrorism ? 
  stop deflecting . 
  authoritarianism , not fascism . 
  pretty much everyone but the tories supports cutting ties with saudi arabia . 
  why do you continue to support the enablers of terrorism ? 
   new figures released by british parliament show that , at a time when u.k. prime minister theresa may 's ties to saudi arabia have become an election issue , conservative government officials and members of parliament were lavished with money by the oil-rich saudi government with gifts , travel expenses , and consulting fees . 
   tory lawmakers received the cash as the u.k. backs saudi arabia 's brutal war against yemen , the poorest country in the middle east . 
   labour leader jeremy corbyn has made the u.k. 's uneasy alliance with the saudis an election issue , with voters going to the polls on june 8 . 
  the tories ' ties to saudi arabia , labour leaders charge , have resulted in record weapons sales -- conservative governments have licensed # 3.3 billion ( $ 4.2 billion ) in arms sales to the saudi military since the onset of the yemen campaign -- and a reluctance to criticize human rights abuses . 
   while tory politicians have defended the arms sales to saudis as a move to shore up britain 's allies in the region , tory members of parliament have collected # 99,396 ( $ 128,035 ) in gifts , travel expenses , and consulting fees from the government of saudi arabia since the yemen war began . 
  russia has its own vision for macedonia ( as does the eu ) , but it 's not very high priority as it has no chance of joining nato or the eu in the foreseeable future due to the name dispute . 
  vmro have the support of both russia and the european centre-right ( via the european people 's party ) so painting them as russian agent provocateurs is just wrong . 
  even if macedonia was completely isolated , vmro would still start shit every way they can because they 're corrupt pieces of shit who 'd rather instigate a civil war than lose power, 
  sociologists often use the share of people who agree with statements like `` this country needs a strong leader '' as a proxy for measuring authoritarian leanings . 
  that 's because the vmro government wiretapped journalists en masse and harassed reporters a lot during the 2016 protests . 
  the media space is very politicised as vmro tried to dominate the market but vmro is out of power now and it 's not like there are no sdsm-aligned or independent media . 
  and it 's funny to me that vmro are being painted as russian stooges when they 're aligned with the european people 's party . 
  it does n't make sense from a business point of view of a multinational discount retailer to require your supplier to adapt their products to specific markets since that would drive the cost of the product up and the main selling point of retailers like aldi , lidl etc is that their prices are super affordable . 
  it only makes sense if the ingredients used are significantly cheaper as to allow you to undercut your competition or price and/or increase your profit margin . 
  he just resigned as leader of his party like a week ago on the heels of a police corruption scandal ( after months of speculation he would resign as pm ) so he is n't even that popular in his own party, 
   they elect the commission president and the college of commissioners who are nominated by the national governments . 
  you ca n't be made a commissioner unless you have the support of the government and in politically polarised societies like mine that essentially means the commissioners are usually party faithfuls first and foremost , relevant qualifications being very much optional . 
  national governments simply matter way too much relative to the european parliament for people to feel like they have a real stake in the ep elections . 
  which were in contravention of eu rules , hence the ruling . 
   shouting it 's udemocratic because it has unelected bureaucrats . 
  bitch you can vote go vote why do n't you vote ? 
  those are two separate issues . 
  even though meps are elected , the majority of other high-ranking decision-making positions are filled by people either nominated by national governments ( european commissioners ) or people actually in national governments ( council of the european union ) . 
  meanwhile the european parliament ca n't even propose legislation on their own . 
  if you want to make a difference on the eu level , it 's far more important to vote in the national elections and it is n't a contradiction in terms to a ) be engaged in eu politics , b ) want more positions to be directly elected by eu citizens and c ) not vote in the ep elections since c ) is often used by national parties as a consolation prize for party loyalists who did n't get elected nationally . 
  the current system is stupid and the only reason i vote in the ep elections is because i hate our right-wing party so much i want to use every opportunity to deny them every spot i possibly can , but other than that i have no illusions that my vote matters in any way , shape or form since the ep 's powers are so limited and even if every citizen in my country voted , it would make no difference to the overall composition of the ep since we only get to elect less than 1 % of meps . 
  go back to r/incels, 
  in southern/eastern europe , there is more of a social obligation to help your family and you only move out once you get married ( ie start a new family ) and even then , one of the children ( usually a son ) often stays at home and is then responsible for taking care of the parents as they grow older . 
  i feel like it 's also more common here to own houses than in western/northern europe ( at least outside of larger cities ) , so there 's a lot more space and usually the parents will live on one floor and the next generation on another , so they have separate households , just at the same address . 
  also people move out for uni here as well , it 's just not reflected in the statistics because those places are considered temporary addresses , not permanent residences . 
   uk universities are some of the most sought after in the world , again scarcity is a factor . 
  afaik tuition has always existed for international students and they do n't compete for the same spots as home students, 
  ireland is not being forced to change its tax policy , it 's being forced to recuperate taxes owed by apple which had used accounting tricks to unlawfully lower its tax bill . 
  to be fair , both the tories and labour are shooting in the dark regardless of what they promise on brexit since it is still unclear how far either side of the negotiations is willing to budge . 
  i think labour are just trying to draw a contrast with the tories , who say that `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' whereas labour are taking the position that `` a bad deal is better than no deal '' and signalling that a labour government would prioritise trade in the talks . 
  `` unrestricted access for our goods and services '' does n't necessarily mean `` the single market '' with its four freedoms , it can mean a regular free trade agreement ( although it 's of course rather fanciful to pretend that the eu side would ever agree to such a thing ) . 
  it 's only available in certain countries , it 'll show up if you use a vpn based in the west, 
  a bailout package overseen by sch\u00e4uble , that should teach facebook a lesson, 
   although i am very liberal i would n't mind an exam for all aspiring parents , to test atleast basic knowledge . 
  idk how i feel about an exam , but we have free parenting classes for expecting parents over here that cover everything from prenatal care to proper nutrition to car safety and those seem to work pretty well . 
  you think that the same people who are disgusted by homosexuality enough to kill their own family members over it are going to turn around and claim they 're gay just so they can live in fucking lithuania ? 
       can anybody explain the stance of labour on the single market and free movement of people ? 
  [ from the manifesto ] ( http://www.labour.org.uk/index.php/manifesto2017/brexit ) :  as our trading relationship with the eu changes it is vital that we retain unrestricted access for our goods and services . 
   freedom of movement will end when we leave the european union . 
   because that does n't prove qualification . 
  any being the great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great - ... - grandson of someone from the 1500s does ? 
   furthermore , could you tell me what a `` normal '' country is ? 
  idk a country that does n't select its leaders based on whose dick ejaculated in their mother 's vagina ? 
  * that was a different person , we do n't even have the same flair * the evidence is pretty solid, 
  if you believe he 's the most qualified person for the job by virtue of being descended from some dude that 's been dead for half a millennium , why not allow him to prove himself in an open forum and compete for the job in an election like in a normal country ? 
  does n't the uk have laws intended to keep guns out of the hands of emotionally unstable individuals ? 
   that 's actually quite offensive , baseless and will just make us not want do anything about it . 
  the phrase `` polish death camps '' was popularised with the explicit intent to obfuscate german responsibility for the holocaust . 
  it may not be the intent of the author ( s ) of this book , but as historians , they should be aware of the history and connotations of the phrase and take care to avoid it . 
  saying `` we do n't want to do anything about it '' because you were ignorant of that history and were offended for no reason makes you sound like a petulant child who is more interested in being contrarian than historical truth . 
  facebook makes its money through selling ads , it 's to prevent an advertising monopoly, 
  king is n't a profession , it 's an inherited title . 
   besides , the house of orange-nassau is directly responsible for dutch independence , so i 'd consider them more qualified than any elected head of state . 
  would you let me cut you open if my grandpa was a qualified heart surgeon ? 
   eu countries did i stutter ? 
   does this only take into account eu subsidies ? 
  i do n't think so to be honest , so it is n't really relevant when discussing intra-eu relations . 
  you 're wrong as five seconds on google would have told you . 
  pillar 1 and pillar 2 is what cap consists of . 
  pillar 1 has two parts , common organisation of the markets in agricultural products and direct payments to farmers and pillar 2 is rural development policy . 
   and of course the statistics only take into account direct contributions to and withdrawals from the cap budget when determining net loss or gain . 
  yes , that 's what 's relevant for determining net loss or gain . 
  again , france does n't profit at all . 
  and [ subsidies per hectare of agricultural land are actually higher in germany than in france ] ( http://www.finfacts.ie/artman/uploads/3/cap-subsidy-payments-may052010.jpg ) , so this idea hat france is profiting through agricultural subsidies at germany 's expense is a myth . 
  they can debate all they want but until eu countries start issuing humanitarian visas so these people can actually leave , it all rings mighty hollow . 
   the most widely known example is the eu 's agrarian policy for example , which france is profiting from a lot . 
  [ germany is the third-largest recipient of cap funds in absolute terms ] ( http://capreform.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/cap-spending-by-ms-2014-608x395.png ) and [ france is a net contributor to cap ] ( http://capreform.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/net-cap-transfers-percent-2014-608x395.png ) , so not only is france not profiting `` a lot '' , it is not profiting at all , and agricultural spending is as much in german farmers ' interests as it is in french farmers ' interests . 
  lmao [ look at the look of joy on ivanov 's face ] ( http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&amp;d=20170517&amp;t=2&amp;i=1185069813&amp;w=&amp;fh=&amp;fw=&amp;ll=780&amp;pl=468&amp;sq=&amp;r=lynxnped4g0tc ), 
  yeah , lidl in particular is a shit company with abysmal working conditions and even shittier products , it 's laughable that this was billed as a `` development '' project . 
  the polish market is several times larger than e.g. 
  the austrian market yet this shit still happens there, 
  * state * aid is n't allowed , so you ca n't have a national development bank pull stunts like this * but an international organisation like the world bank and the european bank for reconstruction and development can . 
  * although according to mariana mazzucatto , the german investment bank kfw is in fact exempt from state aid rules for a totally bullshit reason ( because it was created as part of the marshall plan ) , but i have n't been able to verify that, 
   say thank you to the economic transition in the '90s when retail markets of post-communist countries were sold off to foreign entities . 
  it was n't just the economic transition , [ german supermarkets have received hundreds of millions of euros of public development money to expand to eastern europe ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jul/02/lidl-1bn-public-development-funding-supermarket-world-bank-eastern-europe ) . 
  [ from the study ] ( https://i.iinfo.cz/images/619/slozeni-je-ve-tretine-pripadu-jine-28.png ), 
  homophobia is over !,
