  any ideas ? 
  or the point is to get out of it ? 
   should democratic countries allow groups who wish to destroy said democracy ? 
  now come the fuck on . 
  putin is pretty bad , but stop pretending he is the next mussolini . 
  the russian setup is still a kind of a democracy - an authoritarian , managed democracy to be sure , not quite _ our _ kind of democracy , more of a singapore kind democracy , but a democracy . 
  and with dangerous imperialistic tendencies ( see democratic 19th century western europe for parallels ) , this is the part that matters for us . 
  but `` destroying democracy '' is taking it way , way too far . 
  unrealistic demonization will only only antagonize them . 
  protip : when a leader is popular , calling his system anti-democratic ( given that popular government is the essence of democracy ) basically sends the message to his supporters that their opinion does not matter and foreigners know it better how they should govern their country . 
  this sure as hell pisses them off . 
  so : putin is not trying to destroy democracy . 
  he is trying to restore the russian empire . 
  it is not the same thing . 
  is there such a thing as too small for train travel ? 
  i mean , how long ( a distance ) does it take for the tgv to reach its max speed ? 
  or does it consume more energy at speeding and braking ? 
  my point - a 100km tgv line would be uneconomical ? 
  my point is that if i end up in a locker room showering and changing , because i am sweaty , it is a sport . 
  and the flat terrain and cool weather would mean no reason to shower and change ? 
  but thanks for the perspective anyway , i got a bit enlightened , i thought the bike is seen as a slower , harder car , bus , subway , by people - like me and everybody i know - who is generally not used to walking at all , because our shoes are usually not comfortable , they are bought for looks , not comfort . 
  but if a culture sees walking as a totally valid way to get around , then it is easy to see how biking is an upgrading of that . 
  i wonder where it came from , the whole walking thing ... 
  i think it may came from people dressing a bit ... plainer , not really having a tradition of imitation aristocratic dressing styles , and with that , dress shoes for men and high heels for women ? 
  i 've been to the hotel olympia . 
  lived up to its name - no lift . 
   the politician , who is often dubbed the kremlin 's mouthpiece really ? 
  i thought he is playing the role of the extremist so that the kremlin can appear moderate compared to him . 
   having said that , i try to walk everywhere if i can . 
  do you always live in city centers ? 
  discussions about walking and walkability are a bit perplexing to me , then i remind myself that some people do indeed like city centers . 
  i am instinctively living as rural / suburbian as possible everywhere i move , as far from the center as possible . 
  nobody would really want to walk from oldbury to birmingham city center for example , or from h\u00fctteldorf to vienna center . 
   my daily commute is 4km by bike . 
  i find it interesting that the biggest bike riding countries are also 1 ) flat 2 ) not too warm . 
  does that mean that basically doing your commute an averagely fit person would not get sweaty , you do n't need to change or shower ? 
  this matters imho . 
  this is the difference between commuting and a sport . 
   france is small enough from my angle , a bit of a lol here . 
  but wait until the luxembourgians show up . 
  depends in whether you live in a big city , or commute from two villages away ( our version of suburbs ) , or live in a small town altogether . 
  but generally : 1 ) i have formerly lived in hungary and the uk ( brummieland ) and drove my car as it was more comfortable . 
  now i live in vienna , austria the public transport is really more effective . 
  it is not a poverty issue for me . 
  however , i am probably a bit lucky with two tramways in front of our house , there are places where basically you just get a bus and i would rather drive . 
  and vienna is generally speaking an unusually good city , with all the quality of life awards it gets . 
  it 's not the same everywhere . 
  in capitols maybe yes . 
  but take rouen , france . 
  ok it is just 500k people , not a huge city , but basically there is one metro line and the rest is bus . 
  so either you live in the city center , or if you commute from the outskirts or a village away you are really better off driving , unless you happen to like buses ( i do n't ) . 
   and what about journeys other than your daily commute , basically , how do you travel around ? 
  well i basically do n't . 
  the mcfit gym is next to the job , the grocery store is next to our home , where else to go ? 
  there are also bars but we just drink at home . 
  i think you will find that perhaps people over here are bit more `` shut in '' at least over 30 with kids . 
   are you a `` willing '' commuter ? 
  to be honest , i liked it when i was driving a car - it was a status symbol , it is a way to pimp around the fact that i have a good job , and i dislike being close to other people on the tramway . 
  but it is expensive ( that is why it is a status symbol ) and ineffective , so i stopped . 
  but i liked it . 
   what are the common complaints ? 
  i do n't know what complaints others have , for me it is the other people . 
  there is no such thing as a nice middle classy tramway or subway . 
  if there was a first class ticket i would fucking buy it . 
  rubbing elbows with the guy who did not bathe for a week , with the mentally ill guy with saliva drooping from his mouth , with the sneezing guy who could gave me flu or for all i know ebola , is seriously a nopen-nope-nope experience , i do n't like it at all . 
  i liked it that in my car there was nobody but me . 
  ** i definitely was ill less often - it seems you get more flu when you travel public transport than when you drive . 
  ** ** and not every subway , and none of tramway lines i use have a/c . 
  seriously fuck everything about it , and that in vienna , austria , the city with the highest quality of living on the whole planet !, 
  ** i hate it when i get sweaty on my way to work and then get to sit in that all day . 
  of course back home in budapest it is much , much worse . 
  car = assured a/c . 
  bike = at least you get wind . 
   can you use your bike in combination with public transit ? 
  a lot of people seem to , but fuck me if i understand it . 
  is there a shower in their office ? 
  do they put their office clothes in their backpack ? 
  just how is it more effective and especially : how is it safer ( clue : iti is not ) than hopping on the tramway ? 
  i am entirely perplexed by bike riders . 
  it is a ** sport ** , and treating a sport as a commute is imho not a good combination - i want to be able to take a shower after doing sport , i want to be able to change clothes after doing sport , and fuck everything about doing my sport between angry , impatient car drivers !, 
  it is so unsafe . 
  bike commuters in this thread , how do you see it ? 
  is it not a sport for you ? 
   are your governments supportive of such initiatives ( funding wise etc ) ? 
  of course , it is a good way to get pr points , not necessarily because everybody likes it , but it seems everybody likes to _ pretend _ to like it : environmentalism is simply fashionable and makes one look intelligent and cool . 
   do people vote for these initiatives , accept these as a prefer investment of their tax money ? 
  here is the deal . 
  there are huge differences , but on the whole , europe has less of a democratic spirit than america . 
  more aristocratic heritage in the minds . 
  what i mean by that that people are more likely to not be engaged in politics , not have strong opinions , and accept more or less passively what political elites do than in the us . 
  in america it seems everybody has such a fierce opinion in favor of or against , say , partial birth abortion , that it sounds like they really think it is the people 's job to decide it . 
  here people have opinions , but not too outspoken because they think they are kind of powerless and the political elites will decide it anyway . 
  but again it differs per country . 
  austria , why are you so anti-nuclear ? 
  i have even seen students who campaigned against plants in neighboring countries . 
  does it have something to do of having great locations for water energy ( i.e. 
  the alps where long waterfalls are possible ) ? 
  the reason i am raising this : basically more nuclear = less putin . 
  well , indeed there are studies that say people just stick to those views they had when they were young . 
  but still attitudes change , moods change , people become less flexible and less accepting in general .
