announce neutrality , help both sides in ww2 whenever they pay enough . 
  that turned out to be quite useful to me . 
  i grew in budapest , lived for a while in the uk as the salary was 3x as many ( not kidding ) but it was a problem that i was too far away . 
  moving to vienna was amazing as i could still make 2-2 .5 x as many , but really so close , 3 hours train ride from budapest . 
  i mean when i lived in birmingham and had to visit clients in glasgow that was 4.5 hours on the train . 
  ( funny coincidence , that by living in birmingham i basically managed to find that part of the uk that is the farthest away from the coastline . 
  the least oceany part . ), 
  so the uk blew me away with the huge size . 
  and a coworker took a plane instead - that is how i learned that it is possible to fly with an airplane not only between countries but sometimes inside countries !, 
  i was super excited especially when it turned out it is a whole lot easier to check in and board . 
  i still have n't seen bratislava , even though it is practically next door now . 
  is there much to see there ? 
  there is a hydrofoil ship from vienna to bratislava , i am always meaning to try it , because , well , it is a ship , also for me magic . 
  thanks , 
  do you remember the `` italan guy in malta '' comedic mp3 that was popular about 10-15 years ago ? 
  it was really funny and now i ca n't find it . 
  also , is it realistic ? 
  i liked the pork thigh in honey sauce type stuff too . 
  dish names are often simple as that , and get kind of misunderstood in international cuisine . 
  for example indian curry is just meat cooked in sauce - any sauce would be a kari in tamil . 
  goulash is simply stuff a cow herder would eat - it literally means cowboy in hungarian ( guly\u00e1s ) . 
  and so on . 
  i thought the best way to tell someone from the northern uk is brown sauce . 
  is n't cider normandian ? 
  of the list , the paella looked the most appetizing for me , but mostly because growing up in a landlocked country , seafood ( or even large ships ) make a _ what is this sorcery _ reaction from me . 
  this is quite funny . 
  when i took the ferry from hoek van holland to the uk , i was like `` it ... it is a mall !, 
  it has a shops , a cinema , a food court ... and it is _ going somewhere _ !, 
  it is ... a vehicle !, 
  a shopping mall ... that is a vehicle !, 
  too much sorcery ! '', 
  similary it is funny to me to imagine that there are people in europe - presumably those who grew up in fishing towns - who consider seafood a boringly usual everyday thing . 
  i wonder what other types of foods , drinks , or generally things in europe create a similar `` what is this , i do n't even '' reaction in other europeans . 
  i have heard that for example danish children get quite surprised the first time they see mountains . 
  or maybe for the portuguese snow and skiing and other wintersports may be like that . 
  if i tell that in my childhood snowball fights were an everyday afternoon activity , even got boring after a while , does this create a similar reaction down south ? 
  anyone here who never built a snowman ? 
  interesting how the czech food looks quite german/bavarian . 
  i ate basically exactly this in m\u00fcnchen , just the dumplings , or what is hte proper english term , were round . 
  true , russian software is often good . 
  i have seen the 1c erp software and i can tall , navision ( danish ) could learn a thing or two . 
  all this integration like ability to make xml file , zip it and upload to ftp which we always have to program into navision , comes out of the box , and similar stuff . 
  another good one is far manager , for people who miss norton commander . 
  privacy - even we are not 100 % happy of having all our data belong to zuckerberg and / or the cia , but at least we do n't think they will use it in a way that is openly hostile to us . 
  if a country thinks basically these people are more or less their enemies , of course they do n't want that . 
  right , so we had all these stupid topics like tramways of europe , now let 's focus on something important : beer prices of europe . 
  i live in austria now , it tends to be $ 0,95 to $ 1,10 in grocery stores when you buy cold , can be $ 0,80 for a 24 pack not cold , and it is the normal beers like budweiser . 
  for a shitty aldi/hofer stuff like landgraf it can be as low as $ 0,45 . 
  is germany cheaper that ? 
  hungary is the same because the same aldi landgraf stuff is bought , local one is not cheaper although arguably better than that ( soproni is cool imho , borsodi not so much ) . 
  haha . 
  perhaps the frequency of binge drinking and the way people behave when drunk should be measured differently . 
  i mean we always get these news from the uk like police distributing flip-flops because women get so drunk that they ca n't walk in high heels so they take them off and walk home during the winter in the snow barefoot and similar stuff . 
  this always weirds me out . 
  do n't see this happening near here . 
  kurds tend to be religious moderates ( with the notable exception of accepting female genital mutilation - i guess stopping that should be the price label on the famas rifles ) . 
  signed . 
  i am generally not a very left wing guy , but this really goes beyond my tolerance threshold . 
  especially the following points : - secretive lawsuits for taxing profits - fuck , it is too much , if you think taxes are too high just take your business to another country . 
  it is ok that we must use our tax systems to compete for getting business , but even getting sued for it is too much . 
  - copyright . 
  stop trying to turn non-scarce information into scarce goods . 
  piracy is perfectly ok and not theft at all - it makes a copy of a thing , while theft removes the original thing . 
  feel free to copy my hairstyle or way of speaking , as long as you do n't touch me i have no right to forbid it . 
  and the same way there is no moral right to forbid copying a song i wrote or a program i wrote . 
  because copyright , secretive lawsuits , and similar stuff will bring us jobs . 
  right . 
  in reality the only thing america can do to bring us jobs is to buy more stuff from us . 
  this agreement may help that , but it has many parts unnecessary for that purpose . 
  in other news , norway exports the same kinds of fossil fuels as russia does :-), 
  young , educated = liberal , putin = not liberal , not a very complicated equation . 
  wow . 
  this sounds kind of scary and also in a way , even funny - in old times it was more serious , people needed to quote lenin seriously if they wanted to get a good place , wearing a t-shirt with putin dressed like a james bond in sunglasses is so typically 21st century and un-serious , that it even sounds funny , in a way , that it could bring advantages . 
  it 's like as if in a very religious country , a theocracy , a `` jesus is my bro '' t-shirt would bring one advantages . 
  funny because unserious yet taken seriously . 
  precisely . 
  as for me the time to maintain would not be a problem , i find it hard to kill time and it would be cool to not just while time away on videogames but to do stuff i could be proud of . 
  as for commercial centers etc. 
  i think local `` zoning '' laws matter a lot . 
  my mom who lives an hour of bus ride away from the center of budapest , right at the city border , has in walking distance 3 grocery stores , tobacco store , 3 bars ( not that she is interested in them ) , some kind of a restaurant , lottery , hairdresser . 
  the aldi is indeed 3 km away so she must ask the neighbor who has a car to buy 3 large cartons of cheap dog food for her dog . 
  then again if she would live right next to the shop , hauling it home would be hard for her at 60 years old and about 45 kg . 
  i think it is an age thing , i think every party-going 22 years old would prefer a flat and every stay-at-home 50 year old woud prefer a house , but i have no idea what is ideal for small children ? 
  i think house so that they can play safe in the garden . 
  the best combination : huge windows , but only small part openable . 
  thus the unopenable part contributes to the greenhouse effect . 
  i think those buses were designed with a/c in mind ( so that the stupid customers can not let the cold out ) and then of course the cheaper option was bought . 
  also , maybe once every 20 years a dumb kid leaned out and died , i guess , although i have never seen anyone that stupid , and as a 36 years old budapester i of course had my fair share of ikarus riding . 
  the old ikarus had the huge windows because a/c was not even considered at all , and it was assumed that kids are not idiots or any case that tiny `` leaning out is dangerous ! '', 
  was supposed to thrwart responsibility . 
  as for the bike thing , what i find is that during riding , the wind cools me , so no sweat , but when i stop with my pulse still high - then it hits me . 
  i seriously think these people are buying it ironically . 
  eastern european humor can have many layers of irony and non-irony on top of each other . 
  it 's like when you say `` bro '' ironically and then realize that you are in the habit of doing it for real then you do it ironically again to make fun of your habit . 
  right , but my definition of sport is `` i need to find a locker room to shower and change because i got all sweaty . '', 
  hmm , never tried that since i am not living with parents . 
  will def look into it . 
  my issue is that without a garden , in a flat - and we live in a flat now , can not afford a house here - i just do n't know what to do with my time . 
  in a house there is always something to do or when not space for hobbies like renovating a motorbike in the garage . 
  what can one do on evenings or rainy sundays in a flat ?
