   because by and large we really do n't care about it whether we 're circumcised or not . 
  except that 's not my experience . 
  here in new york , the crossroads of thousands of different cultures , i 've encountered plenty who wished they were both circumcised or never circumcised . 
  i 've encountered plenty who had no idea what they were talking about . 
  that 's the whole point of starting a discussion . 
  where 's your flair ? 
  i think it 's a bit of a country thing . 
  certain countries have a strong aversion to circumcision . 
  i know italy is like that . 
  in any case , i do n't think it 's well known . 
  ** always ** ask for options at a doctor 's office and go for second opinions . 
  because , while circumcision successfully treats phimosis there are other surgeries that do to . 
  like a dorsal slit that removes nothing . 
  see , i do n't think insulting people will succeed in bringing them to your side . 
  maybe if instead of insulting you tried having a normal conversation you 'd be winning elections . 
  * some * americans side with the european point-of-view on the topic . 
  do n't find this post as bashing . 
  it 's calling attention to something that should be discussed . 
  1 % of uncircumcised males have phimosis . 
  for most people it resolves it self . 
  in fact your foreskin is fused to your glans until around puberty . 
  if enough gays vote for the far-right then they ca n't be anti-gay because a significant portion of their constituents would be pro-gay . 
  christianity and judaism , in the mainstream , have evolved . 
  and , * more importantly * , can evolve . 
  a core tenet of islam is that it 's the * final * word of god . 
  nothing else can follow . 
  when people are certain that their ideology is perfect and unchanging they 're more likely to fight for it . 
  that 's why the vatican can say human evolution is perfectly valid in the eyes of the church and why islamic scholars are so resistant to it . 
  sure you still have the extremes in all religions and ideologies but extremes are exceptions to the rules . 
  i 'm no fan of religion in general but to say christianity , judaism , and islam are all equally as bad is both asinine and anti-intellectual . 
  try being more stoic , stoicismus . 
  but the russian military did n't make up the primary of the plane 's manifest . 
  64 people of the 92 are musicians . 
  yeah , that 's the way karma works . 
  some people do something bad so the universe punishes other people . 
  just like when your a bad person so god punishes you by giving your child a horrific deformity . 
  that way the child has to suffer their entire life . 
  that 's the way it works . 
  punishing others for your wrong deeds . 
  yep . 
  nationalism ! = jingoism . 
  i did n't mean cut it to zero . 
  i mean use it as a bargaining chip . 
  threaten to reduce it . 
  or threaten to change how it can be spent . 
  i trust european police agencies enough to believe they 'd select the proper country of origin . 
  nobody here is advocating an armed intervention . 
  i thought it was worse with morocco . 
  regardless , something needs to be done about it . 
   tunesia isimportant to us . 
  that 's fine , but you still need to stand up for your interests . 
   tunesia is doing pretty well thanks to european tourists . 
  has the numbers ever gone back to normal after the terrorist attacks two ( ? ), 
  years ago ? 
  what 's with the self hating italians , honestly ? 
  strong military - despite what you think . 
  large , though in trouble , economy . 
  geo-politically important . 
  why do italians hate themselves so much that they make themselves irrelevant ? 
  you 're the third most important member of the eu yet let france and germany make all the decisions . 
  does n't europe ( and america ) shell out billions in aid ? 
  cut it . 
  you 're telling me italy , one of the most powerful countries in the world , is getting pushed around by tunisia ? 
  there 's something wrong with your leadership . 
   he was supposed to be deported back in tunisia , but the country didnt recognized him a citizen does this happen often ? 
  how is this okay ? 
  i usually just use [ wiktionary ] ( https://www.wiktionary.org/ ) . 
  it comes with conjugation tables and everything . 
  [ it looks like you download and use it so long as you credit them ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/help:faq#downloading_wiktionary ), 
   would that be acceptable ? 
  eh , what do you mean ? 
  acceptable as in legal ? 
  it should be . 
  it would be in the u.s. 
  it 's wrong . 
  but that does n't mean it should be a legal issue . 
  that 's not quite right . 
  that would be ww2 . 
  we 're discussing wwi . 
  america joining the war gave an extra push that finally ended the constant trench warfare where france would make a 10 feet gain , just to lose it hours later . 
  the constant back and forth where no one really made any conclusive gains . 
  further , america 's alleged not-so-heavy involvement in the european theater of the second world war was a bit intentional . 
  the us also had to deal with the pacific front . 
  so , the allies sat down and discussed who needs what troops where . 
  france , italy , etc. , that was all us . 
  but i meant the previous post as a joke , which you probably were doing as well . 
  as i recall , it was america who won the war . 
  europe would be speaking german without us . 
  you 're all welcome . 
  not even in your greatest dreams . 
  \\* * [ il piave mormorava ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4is0juczuj4 ) plays queitly in the distance * \\*, 
  [ the remix is the better version . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard the original on the radio . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akhms1d2ce4 ), 
  this is an old news . 
  many refused to sign . 
  the owners of the iuventa , jugend rettet , did n't sign for example . 
  msf did n't . 
  * save the children * is one of the few who did . 
  i think some others said they wanted to negotiate , not sure if anymore have signed since .
