  not saying i 'm happy with his presidency , just that i 'm tired of bullshit attacks . 
  like the fact that he gets two scoops of ice cream . 
  there are plenty of things he 's actually doing wrong you do n't need to make any up . 
  i suppose this is what living with berlusconi felt like . 
  but at least he was a [ good singer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujpgxr32fcq ) . 
  i think it 's pretty clear he was just scratching himself , then realized that he was pseudo-flipping people off so had to play it off and stopped but also found it funny . 
  it 's like at the rnc [ laura ingraham ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=accln3udrdo ) meant to just wave but did a nazi/fascist/roman salute realized it and then switched to a more normal wave . 
  so then she had to try to play it off . 
  then again , [ obama did flip of mccain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbmdwxcfxqg ) . 
  italy has fantastic relations with the us though , he would n't have any reason to flip off gentiloni . 
  see , i do n't mind who gets cast in fiction as long as they play it well . 
  a little different if you 're going for historical accuracy like in a documentary , but that 's a different conversation entirely . 
  but the thing about hamilton is that the only white man in it is king george iii . 
  the bad guy is the only white guy . 
  that 's what makes it clear that they 're pushing an agenda . 
  i also stopped watching at smith . 
  moffat taking over is what did it . 
   not true about charlottenburg , berlin back then was hardly a place on the european map of middle powers , let alone a place where to take inspiration from . 
  you 're right . 
  charlottenburg is inspired by versailles . 
  and the palace of caserta takes some inspiration from versailles and el escorial . 
   the building is intentionally square and without wings . 
  pretty sure it 's supposed to have wings like [ st. peter 's ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/st_peter%27s_square%2c_vatican_city_-_april_2007.jpg ) . 
  colonnade wings . 
  it 's mostly inspired by charlottenburg palace , versailles , st. peters , and other great buildings . 
  carlo vii/carlos iii , later to be king of spain and never having stayed in this palace , put vanvitelli in charge of the project . 
  vanvitelli intended to build colonnade wings , like those at st. peter 's basilica , but died prior to it being finished . 
  his son took over but never built it . 
  that 's why it looks so square and without wings . 
  it 's near ponza . 
  you could do better than tunisia . 
  the second king of italy , umberto i , was assassinated in july , 1900 by an anarchist . 
  italy , having abolished the death penalty , did n't execute but rather imprisoned the guy who did it , gaetano bresci . 
  this is the first time in history that someone who committed regicide was n't given death ( excluding anyone who may have been pardoned or anyone who might not have been known - like whoever killed swedish king charles xii ) . 
  * so why do i bring this up ? 
  * because the bourbon era prison is abandoned and on an island off of lazio . 
  the island is uninhabited from what i can see . 
  why not convert the prison into migrant holding . 
  it has cells for 1000 people . 
  expand it and convert it so it 's no long a prison . 
  that way you can at least begin to sort some of the people and reject those who are n't true refugees . 
  then you can implement an australian like model . 
  of course australia never had as many migrants as europe is getting but it 's something . 
  i do n't know italy , maybe there 's something preventing that island . 
  but it 's just one example . 
  italy has countless uninhabited islands . 
  they should not be letting anyone hit the mainland or sicily . 
  ^ ^ ^ catalan ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` nation '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '', 
   while your law enforcement is right there like i said , i 'm in ny , best police in the country . 
  d.c. is different . 
  we do n't have a unified police force for the country , we do n't have gendarmes . 
   how can you stay calm about this ? 
  i 'm not calm . 
  i 'm pretty fucking pissed . 
  i 'm probably gon na write my representative later . 
   what a shithole america has become so this one video means america is a shithole now ? 
  because then boy-o-boy , the things i have to say about france . 
   fucking hell , how can anybody there have confidence in their law enforcement ? 
  d.c. police is different because they have to deal with foreign dignitaries . 
  even if none of these people have diplomatic immunity the police probably wanted to stop it without poking the bear . 
  i live in ny , and yeah i have full confidence in my law enforcement . 
  how does one become an ass expert ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_personification most of them are exactly what you expect , but some times they have interesting quirks in their history . 
  they absolutely do . 
  that 's not an issue of firearms that 's an issue of who is * using * the firearms . 
  the majority of firearm deaths are linked to people who illegally got the guns . 
   the electoral college got you trump i did n't vote for him but he won . 
  i like our system . 
  read the federalist papers , i happen to think hamilton and madison are geniuses . 
  okay , it 's being publicized . 
  but people in europe do get burned by blasphemy laws and not all are famous enough to weasel out of it . 
   look , i think usa is a great country . 
  i would love to live there . 
  :\\ ^ )  however , it 's better to be poor or low class worker in europe than america . 
  that 's what i meant eh , i think this depends on the state . 
  the country is huge , states do vary . 
  exactly . 
  the majority of gun owners are even okay with some forms of gun control but when you attack guns you scare people away . 
  stop it !, 
  there are always attacks on freedoms . 
  but the freedom tends to wins . 
  the 4th amendment is being tested in the new digital age . 
  like in every country , the law struggles to keep up with technology . 
  are there no poor in europe ? 
  i was n't aware poverty has been eliminated . 
  in fact , the poverty rates are higher in eastern europe than in the us . 
  but once again , i 'm not saying everything is perfect in the us . 
  we have a lot of problems but the thing we do right is civil liberties . 
   the us 's constitution is over 200 years old and rotten as such : electoral college , fire-arms , the whole thing is dangerous af . 
  british monarchy and their lords is n't really much better . 
  the us constitution is open to interpretation as it 's one on the shortest constitutions in the world . 
  as such , it has served us well . 
  unlike the french we are n't on our fifth government , we 're on our second . 
  there are good reasons to have an electoral college and good reasons not to . 
  but it 's not uni-formally bad . 
  the framers wrote their opinions out in what 's called the federalist papers , take a look at them . 
  i do n't own firearms but know plenty of people who do , i do n't see your problem with it or anyone 's problem with it . 
  i do n't understand this obsession with firearms coming from the left . 
  it 's a non-issue . 
  i like the idea of being able to own firearms even if i never want to exercise that right .
