  there 's a big difference between letting them drown and admitting as refugees . 
  you can pick them up from the waters and then deny them refugee status and try to force them back . 
  * it 's not legal * but given the circumstances ... of the nearly 200000 that arrived in italy last year less than a tenth of those were actual refugees . 
  you need to start being more strict . 
  after sending thousands back they 'll start to get the message to not come . 
  ** i do not support letting anyone die . 
  ** but this refugee situation has gotten completely out of hand . 
  stop pretending like it 's let them in or die . 
  you have options . 
   they get picked up in international waters and good luck having people testify where they left from . 
  they 're all pretty honest about leaving from libya . 
  that 's not the issue . 
  international law would n't allow you to return them to libya , also eu regulations . 
   the idea that unpoliced speech is free speech . 
  are you suggesting more government involvement is liberating ? 
  there 's a right time for them to get involved . 
   is a society where people are free to commit murder and rape more free and dignified than one where they are not ? 
  we 're discussing speech . 
  what 's this got to do with it ? 
  but okay . 
  consider the reduced crime rate in berlin during the nazi era . 
  if you want no murder or rape , that 's pretty much what you have to establish . 
  how 's that for dignified ? 
  freedom comes with risks , so does democracy . 
  if you 're having a crime/rape/murder problem maybe you should be addressing it instead of reducing my freedoms . 
  do you support may 's quest to control the internet ? 
  merkel 's demand of zuckerberg with facebook ? 
  that 's astonishing . 
  * `` those who would give up essential liberty , to purchase a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety . 
  '' * - b. franklin . 
   you 've been indoctrinated into thinking that way . 
  i have n't been indoctrinated into anything . 
  do n't condescend my point of view . 
  what a rude response , adding nothing to the conversation . 
   your entire ideology is founded on this principle misunderstanding that anarchy is liberating and the rule of law is oppression . 
  you seem to be confused . 
  there are more options than totalitarianism and anarchy . 
  there is an in between . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't see it . 
  i 'm not an anarchist and i 'm not a totalitarian . 
  there 's a time for the government to involve itself and there things it should never involve itself with . 
   do n't mind hate there 's a difference between something bothering me and me wanting people thrown in jail for it . 
  why do you people hate the us so much ? 
  jesus , what did we ever do to you ? 
  at first it did n't bother me but now it 's starting to . 
  you 're hurting my feeling ( hope that it 's not illegal yet over there ) . 
   there is practically no human dignity in the usa . 
  how do you define * human dignity * ? 
  because your free speech laws are a violation of human dignity in my opinion . 
   leaving aside the absurd amount of organised hate groups being allowed to operate freely such as ? 
  i mean , unless they 're directly threatening anyone i do n't see the problem . 
  better to have them out in the open where we can address it properly than hiding in the shadows . 
   there is widespread religious extremism no , no there 's not . 
   the for-profit prison system okay . 
  that 's a problem that should be addressed . 
  germany has problems too . 
  all countries do . 
  you found one . 
   militarized police we do n't have a * real * national police force . 
  we do not have gendarmes . 
  the police is a state issue , not a problem with the usa . 
   uncontrolled deadly weapons in the hands of civilians uncontrolled ? 
  i do n't own guns but i do n't see your problem with it . 
  what 's wrong with guns ? 
   people being allowed to sign up for murdering foreigners before they 're allowed to drink * you 're old enough to kill , but not for voting * it 's a line from a song in the '60s . 
  you see , states retain a lot of power in the us . 
  including the power to set voting laws and drinking laws . 
  it became a big problem during vietnam , so an amendment was passed to force all states to set it to 18 . 
  drinking was 18 in most states but was risen under reagen who threatened to withhold federal road funding if it was n't raised to 21 . 
  no one has really challenged it since . 
  frankly , i think it should be . 
  i think once you reach the age of majority , you get ** all ** rights . 
  some people disagree . 
   nationalism and army glorification not accurate and do n't see the problem . 
   i ca n't imagine living a dignified life in such an environment . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  why do n't you come for a vacation ? 
  stay a while . 
  have look around . 
  get to know us before judging us . 
  -- but these complaints have fuckall to do with your regressive freedom of speech policies . 
  the nations that gave birth to the enlightenment have failed to take a basic lesson from it . 
   this is the flawed american interpretation of freedom what 's flawed about our interpretation ? 
  why do you people seem to think that the sky is falling over here ? 
  everything alright . 
  we have our problems , sure . 
  every country has problems , but the thing i find myself repeating constantly to europeans is that the problem we do n't have is with our civil liberties . 
  it 's the one thing we do unequivocally better than the rest of you . 
   even go as far to kill their only hope because he was half barbarian . 
  who are you referring to ? 
   they ridiculed zidan , but glossed over what materazzi did to trigger the reaction . 
  you could die from getting hit the chest . 
  i honestly do n't think it 's appropriate to hit someone just because they called your sister a whore . 
   was described by historians as being a blondish brunet with hair `` inclined '' towards being golden . 
  suetonius wrote that , and he is n't exactly known for his accuracy . 
  in fact , he 's known for being gossipy . 
  and he wrote 50ish years after augustus ' death . 
  using modern science they 've been able to pull paint particles from two millenia ago out of marble . 
  the statue augustus of prima porta , disputed as to when completed by likely around the time of his death , was redone in the original colours and [ his hair is brown ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/august_tarraco_viva.jpg ) . 
  * admittedly this reconstruction has faced some criticisms as the paint was extremely faded .
