  * same goes for [ caligula ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3b/cropped_color_calligula.jpg ) with brown hair . 
  suetonius describes him as golden bearded . 
   no , it 's unproven . 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
  no , because there 's a big difference between being unproven and being unproven with evidence suggesting something else . 
  there 's a theory that all the primary language families on the planet on the earth are related . 
  this is unproven . 
  there 's a theory that hittite is a semitic language . 
  this is wrong . 
  obviously in science there 's always room for growth and two hundred years from now we can find out that our entire thinking is wrong . 
  but we have to follow the evidence to wherever it leads and the evidence suggests that this super ural-altaic language family is a farce . 
  unless you have some evidence that have been overlooked ? 
   of course , non-indo european nationalism is the most awful thing on this planet . 
  no idea what you 're trying to say here . 
   reacting with incredible zeal and without failure every time overwhelmingly then . 
  well for one , it 's wrong . 
  i 'd react similar if anyone tried to use the piltdown man as an example of evolution . 
  * no , * you 're spreading misinformation . 
  two , for the same reason the greeks take issue with fyrom using macedonia . 
  they 're claiming links to people that do n't exist exclusively for nationalistic reasons . 
  and i would n't call correcting someone 's misinformation a * reacting violently * . 
   uralic-altaic language family this is n't a language family . 
  it was proposed language family that was 100 % panned by critics . 
  turkish is a * turkic * language . 
  only semitic language to do so , and only semitic language that is an official language of the eu . 
   in britain , a contemporary wit mocked the republican calendar by calling the months : wheezy , sneezy and freezy ; slippy , drippy and nippy ; showery , flowery and bowery ; hoppy , croppy and poppy . 
  [ 9 ] the scottish historian thomas carlyle suggested somewhat more serious english names in his 1837 work the french revolution : a history , [ 8 ] namely vintagearious , fogarious , frostarious , snowous , rainous , windous , buddal , floweral , meadowal , reapidor , heatidor , and fruitidor . 
  like the french originals , they are neologisms suggesting a meaning related to the season . 
  [ the whole quote is n't much better . 
  the context does n't make it sound better . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i03ikr2twdm ), 
  i completely agree that sykes-picot was a terrible idea . 
  my point is that they did the same to us . 
  history is full of invaders redrawing borders of other people . 
  the brits and french did n't do this any worse than other empires of the past have . 
  acknowledge that it 's wrong , but neither the brits nor the french deserve much hate for doing what everyone else did . 
  i 'd go back to the foundation of the ottoman empire . 
  no wait , i 'd go back to the original islamic conquests in the 600s . 
  wait , no !, 
  the greek dark ages . 
  [ uh , we did n't start the fire ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eftlkww542g ) the fact of the matter is we can keep pointing fingers and trying to figure out who 's to blame . 
  or we can learn from the mistakes of the past , all of them , and do what we have to in order to stop this . 
  the french and brits are in no way more responsible than the others who have temporarily or permanently laid their hands on the area . 
  wilson was n't unpopular . 
  the us was very much so dedicated to not getting involved in global politics at this time . 
  we did n't join the league of nations , we did n't ratify these treaties , etc. 
  wilson was travelling the country trying to muster up support for the treaty and it 's believed that he might have been able to do it , had it not been for a debilitating stroke . 
  his second wife basically ran the execute branch deciding what to bring to his attention and what he did n't have to look at . 
  i started to answer but then got bored and quit . 
   why is norway so rich good economic policies , natural resource abundance , etc. 
   why is sweden so great ask the danes . 
   why is finland not in nato cold war things . 
  finland technically fought off the soviets but at the same time lost so they fell into an obscure position between two different spheres . 
  so they decided not to poke the bear . 
   why is russia bombing syria they like assad . 
   why is estonia so atheist [ here . 
  ] ( http://polandball.cc/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/pempigy.png )  why is latvia so poor years of soviet rule , small country , nothing natural to exploit . 
   why is belarus white russia because the name literally mean white russia . 
  it 's disputed as to why this is the case . 
  some say it 's because they were never taken by the tatars , others say the name was established prior to mongol conquests , others say it 's because it was occupied by christian slavs as opposed to * black ruthenia * which was occupied by pagans . 
   why is ukraine so poor a myriad of reasons . 
   why is moldova so poor this time the appllation of poor is accurate . 
  moldova has an africa-tier economic standing . 
   why is romania `` rou '' it 's a variant for ro , thank the french for that . 
  technically , in english , roumania is still correct albiet seen as archaic . 
   why is bulgaria so poor i have no idea . 
   why is turkey named turkey english turkey < - french turquia < - latin turcia < - byzantine greek tourkos < - persian turk < - original turkish autonym `` turuk '' ( with diareses ) , meaning ancestry/race  why is greek broke poor economic policies , troubled global economy , joined the eu when they were unprepared . 
   why is albania muslim ottoman conquest . 
  but they are n't too devoutly muslim . 
  skanderbeg encouraged nationalism over religion . 
  hoxha enforced it strongly . 
   why is fyrom called fyrom because they want to claim that they are related to ancient macedonians like alexander the great . 
  this irritates the greeks so people came up with a way around it . 
   why is kosovo not in the eu does n't meet the acquis ? 
   why is bosnia and herzogovina not in the eu acquis . 
   why is croatia hr because of their autonym hrvatska . 
  this is where the word cravat comes from , as you can see from their flag . 
   why is slovenia rich is it ? 
   why is hungary racist are they ? 
  they 're just not big on immigration , that does n't necessarily make them racist . 
   why is switzerland ch because the ancient tribe of what is now switzerland were called the helvetii by the romans . 
  so switzerland , having four national languages , decided to pick a latin name for the country . 
  confoederatio helvetica meaning the swiss confederation . 
   why is italy blue colors of the royal house of savoy . 
   why is germany so rich they benefitted most from the eu ? 
  good leaders ? 
   why is luxembourgh so rich tax haven . 
   why is the netherland orange their royal house is literally the house of orange . 
   why is belgium a country [ not a not a day goes by i do n't ask myself the same question . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/4a/dr_john_zoidberg.png ), 
  it was just banter :\\ ^ ), 
   corrupted well , to be * fair * ...  treated as a laughing stock much more than others , even with decent scandals around the place ( clinton , sarkozy shagging even the gardenias in his yard , cameron digging his dick in a pork head and with money offshore and so on ) . 
  yeah , but that 's more of an italy problem . 
  most of the italians i talk to are self hating and they themselves go on about how bad italy is . 
  despite that fact that you 're one of the top ten economies in the world , the third in the eurozone , and one of the better militaries . 
  you 're not without problems but you do need to assert yourself more . 
   well , now that it is your turn , remember this for the future : governments very rarely are the embodiment of their people . 
  i agree completely . 
  i 'm getting kinda defensive because over here every just complains about every little thing about trump .
