  i think personal dna tests are illegal in turkey though . 
   define european language . 
  indo-european ? 
  what about finnish , estonian , hungarian ? 
  sanskrit is an indo-european language but is n't a european language . 
  so , no . 
  i think you know what is meant by european language . 
  is raggi still the only one from m5s to hold `` real '' power ? 
  how 's she doing ? 
  would you say this is true for all parties in government ? 
  or is it limited to pd ? 
   that it is in fact a drop in a bucket . 
  the bucket has holes in it . 
  we need to patch it . 
  just because its a small hole , does n't mean we should ignore it . 
  and , as i 've said , for some people this is n't a drop in a bucket . 
  for some this is the worst thing . 
   this article mentions a few numbers . 
  italian banks having $ 150-200b in bad loans . 
  uncollected taxes at $ 160b . 
  cost of corruption $ 60b . 
  government debt $ 2.4 trillion at 140 % of the gdp . 
  total debt in the economy at 259 % . 
  the government budget is in the region of $ 850 billion . 
  just a couple of weeks ago they bailed out two banks with a package that could end up costing $ 17 billion . 
  exactly . 
  if italy is already hemorrhaging money why should they be forced to pay for more shit ? 
  it 's an unbelievable request . 
  if you lose your job and a homeless man asks you for change are you gon na give him some ? 
  no , and it does n't make you a bad person . 
  you 're in a bad situation , it 's acceptable to think of yourself above someone else when you 're in trouble . 
   the maffia 's annual budget is around 200b . 
  is this the cosa nostra , ndrangheta , camorra , sacra corona ? 
  it just says organized crime so i 'm assuming all . 
  frankly , i think the number is a conservative estimate . 
  on top of that , it 's a budget not even the amount of money they control . 
   government debt $ 2.4 trillion at 140 % of the gdp . 
  immigration is around 4 . 
  4 billion of 2.4 trillion is .16 % . 
  that 's a decent dent . 
  that 's money that can be better spent . 
  4 billion is n't a small amount . 
  it 's a huge number . 
  like i said , * every ~ ~ penny ~ ~ ~ ~ centesimo ~ ~ ~ ~ lira ~ ~ euro-cent counts * . 
  also , it 's rising . 
  we hit record numbers all the time . 
  also , you 're ignoring the fact that italians get placed in a queue to determine the most desperate people who need government help . 
  odds are a migrant needs more help than a native italian . 
  this is n't fair . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  help that should be going to countrymen are going elsewhere . 
  while naples ' hospitals do n't have enough accommodations for the population . 
  while italians go over seas for the most basic job . 
  while venice is richer than all of france ( excluding paris ) and sicily is still stuck in magna grecia . 
  while all this is going on , you 're suggesting they take more . 
   a smart guy once said `` mafia and government occupy the same ground : they either fight each other or they get hand in hand '' . 
  close the power vacuum , improve the economic situation of the mezzogiorno , kill the mafia ? 
   fact : nobody has ever heard of a killed parliament member in italy for a long time . 
  does mattarella 's brother not count ? 
  or was the 80s a long time ago ? 
  italy has had trouble with organized crime since the birth of the nation . 
  seeing as the last time it took an authoritarian regime and an iron prefect to kill the organized crime - good luck . 
  i do not envy whoever has the job of dealing with it . 
  hell , even with the authoritarian regime the crime was never really stopped . 
   does not matches the financial strain it causes in italy 's current financial situation they should n't be spending money on stuff like this . 
   and they are discussing topics with fare graver effects on their daily lives there is no reason we ca n't discuss * both * . 
  and of course , some are easier to solve than others . 
   those are less polarizing , rage-inducing , interesting and comprehensible for the laymen . 
  aside from the elitist sounding * laymen * statement , you genuinely have no idea what is going on in people 's lives . 
  maybe for some people this issue is the worst they are facing . 
  maybe for others it 's not a concern at all . 
  one of the roles of government is to address the concerns of all the people . 
  does n't change the fact that they are n't helping either . 
  does n't change the fact that it 's a shitty situation in and of itself , adding to an already shitty situation . 
  if italy 's own citizens do n't have money how in the world are they supposed to pay for even poorer migrants ? 
  every refugee speaking person in italy gets a stipend from the state . 
  this is for people who are * seeking * refugee status . 
  it 's not much but that money can be better spent . 
  especially as the number grows , * every penny counts . 
  * but , you 're right , it 's not the only problem . 
  corruption , stiff economy , population greying , massive brain drain , organize crime . 
  maybe push the boundaries of legal * just a bit * . 
  strive to change a couple laws . 
  refugee laws really were established following the second world war . 
  the modern situation is n't at all reminiscent of that one . 
  the laws are outdated and ill-equipped to address the current situation . 
  not to mention the rampant abuse by ngos , which , hopefully , this code of conduct makes a dent against . 
  malta tends to be closer , assuming you ignore the various italian owned but largely unoccupied islands throughout the med , but malta is * literally full * . 
  it just would n't be fair . 
  eh , there are valid criticisms of the word * islamophobia * . 
   how can a continent of 500 million actually , the continent has ~ 740m , 510m is the amount within the eu . 
  your point still stands though . 
   he single handedly imposed a fascist reign of terror leopold was an absolute monster and nothing good came from him but stop using fascist like this . 
  it was n't fascism . 
  america is different . 
  we do n't have millenia of culture behind us . 
  we 're not built around an ethnicity . 
  for the record , as a first-generation ( or fifth-generation depending how you look at it ) american , i can honestly say - no from me . 
  i love my country . 
  would n't want to live anywhere else in the world .
