i am not sure why the tories are anti gdp growth , i do n't in the slightest agree with their policies . 
   immigration from outside the eu rose almost 40,000 this year alone . 
  immigration fluctuates , there has actually been a massive decrease in numbers of non eu immigrants since the conservatives have taken power . 
  so please explain why they are the pro immigration party despite all the statistics and rhetoric pointing otherwise ? 
   you can not legally invite 600,000 people into your country they do n't have a choice ... 
  the vast majority of the migrants are from the eu . 
  the important statistic is non eu immigration which has been significantly down since the conservatives have been in power . 
   an anti-immigration party does not preside over the largest net migration in history of the uk . 
  they are anti-immigration , they just have no control over eu migration which i am thankful for . 
  but they have done everything in their power to reduce immigration , such as removing students as soon as they finish their courses . 
  just because they have little control over immigration does not make them pro immigration , far from it . 
  their policies have been anti-immigration where possible . 
   the guardian and bbc are the first sources i sought ( because i am a progressive !!! ), 
  and they have both betrayed me with their blatant bias and propaganda . 
  i thought the subtext would be clear but you clearly do n't get it . 
  the guardian is a left wing newspaper , i do n't understand you . 
  the guardian has n't betrayed you , it is left leaning if you do n't want a left leaning paper go to one of the right wing ones which chimes with your view point . 
  they are just as full of propaganda , probably with a stance that is more palatable to you in regards to immigration . 
  the only one which is n't completely biased or full of propaganda is the bbc . 
  again i asked for you to supply a biased story but you have failed to . 
  the issue seems to be that the bbc is n't biased and is n't spewing the right wing propaganda that you require such as syrians all being muslim extremists . 
  that does n't mean the bbc is lying to you , perhaps the crap you read before that was the biased story ? 
  are you serious ? 
  conservatives are n't anti-immigration ? 
  you do realise there is a difference between anti-eu and anti-immigration . 
  https://www.conservatives.com/plan/welfareimmigration their own website champions their cause of cracking down on immigration . 
  so either you are deluded or ignorant . 
   i 'm from the left and i do not believe in a free market . 
  your from the left yet complain there is one left wing newspaper out of 7 and the bbc is n't right wing enough for you ? 
   you sound like a hyper-capitalist by gunning for massive , unfiltered immigration of working-capable young adults . 
  i 'm not sure where you got that from . 
  i said we should do our best to support these people and allow some of them to come work in the uk . 
  i pointed out the hypocrisy of people who are anti-immigration on the ground that we ` should look after our own ' yet are want denationalisation and more competition etc. 
   that 's great , but all other parties are pro-immigration to a certain extent , right ? 
  yes which made up less than 50 % of the vote , so anti-immigration parties are in the majority . 
  the uk is quite different from the rest of the continent ( sorry man i 'm on mobile ca n't give you citations but i can dig up some sources later this evening ) , i was thinking specifically of sweden when i was writing this but there was a pew study about the political affiliations of major newspapers in europe/na , and it supports my statement . 
  you responded to someone who was discussing the bbc and so the uk predominantly . 
   ukip may be gaining followers , but they are pretty small compared to all the others parties that are n't opposed to it , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  actually no , whilst they did n't get many seats they were the third largest party in regards to votes and the largest party is also anti-immigration . 
   i 've been watching the bbc all week . 
  so have i so point to the biased news story ? 
  or do you mean just not blatantly anti-immigration like the other large newspapers in the uk which are all self-declared right wing newspapers . 
   the guardian is extremely biased too . 
  yes the guardian is a left wing newspaper but it is no more biased than the sun , daily mail , daily telegraph , daily express , the times . 
  i just listed 5 of the 7 largest papers and they were all right wing . 
  of the other two , one is left win and the other is central . 
   i 'm a progressive individual , my concern is with the undemocratic way the bbc and certain groups want to subvert and destroy their own working class by importing tons kg willing , working-age men from elsewhere . 
  oh , and they happen to maybe he muslim extremists . 
  muslim extremists ? 
  you have been reading too many stories from the sun and facebook . 
  people from syria are n't muslim extremists , yes of course there are a minority who will be as with anything in life . 
  there are a minority of people in the uk are murderers as well . 
  the bbc is n't subverting anything , again point to the biased news stories they have been running . 
  i love people who are right wing and support a free market but are against competition . 
  it is n't okay for others to come to the uk to work , no not britain we have enough people who rely on benefits/tax credits and strive for a decent job . 
  fuck anyone else trying to do the same thing ? 
  in all honesty we can support some of these people who are less fortunate than us . 
  people should stop demanding they have everything and in the same breath deny it to others . 
  they are no different from those immigrants asking for the same thing they so despise . 
   the bbcs propaganda has been shameful . 
  you do realise 4 out of the 5 largest papers in the uk are right wing . 
  the bbc is relatively unbiased . 
  the media in the uk is largely right wing so why do n't you stick to that if unbiased commentary is not your thing , it 's not like you 're lacking in choice when it comes to right wing propaganda . 
   if you want a non-conspiracy answer , a lot of the media has lofty political ideas about multiculturalism ( i know it 's a meme at this point but journalists are often disproportionately leftists compared to the rest of the population ) really ? 
  4 out of the 5 largest papers in the uk are right wing . 
   european govt 's almost all have significant numbers of strongly anti-nationalist far left parties again where are you getting this ? 
  other than germany a lot of countries have anti-immigration far right wing parties which have been gaining in popularity . 
  ukip for example had a massive following in the uk . 
  look , we are a rich continent why ca n't we help others . 
  what i hate is people who support right wing parties , who also rely on benefits and expect to have all the jobs laid out for them . 
  they are no different from the economic immigrants they despise . 
   have you ever met any australian ? 
  have you ? 
  i have family over there , so i speak to quite a few . 
  yes , australians like the uk the same way the us likes the uk . 
  it 's a historic thing not an economic one . 
  australians coming to work in the uk does not change australia 's interests as a country . 
  australia 's main trading partners are in asia for geographic reasons . 
   the uk is a power house . 
  it is the fifth largest economy in the world . 
  brazil and india are set to overtake us . 
  the trading powerhouses are the eu , us and china . 
  the uk is tiny compared to all three of those and set to be smaller with the rise of south america and india . 
  they would n't want to be part of our club . 
  i do n't understand people who look to the commonwealth , you do realise australia 's biggest trading partner is asia . 
  they do n't care about us beyond historic ties , the empire is n't coming back , we are n't a power house . 
   the uk govenment is also able to enact consumer protection legislation ( as is every other government in the world ) . 
  except we did n't before we were forced to in the majority of cases . 
  most of our beneficial labour laws and discrimination laws are from europe . 
  the uk is n't a bastion of consumer protection legislation . 
  he 's just generalising he has been reading too many tabloids . 
  20 years ago around 10 politicians were involved in a paedophile ring considering we have 650 sitting mp 's and countless more in that time frame who have left and joined we are n't talking about some all powerful group . 
   many of the ones in power have . 
  i hate this , no it was n't many it was a small group of around 10 former and current politicians . 
  we have 650 sitting mp 's at this very moment and that 's ignoring all the other mp 's that have joined and left in 20 years . 
  we are talking a minuscule percentage of mp 's who were paedophiles which is probably in-line with national averages . 
  the bigger issue was the alleged cover up which we are still getting to the bottom of . 
  stop muddying the waters with such untrue statements when it is the cover up we should be focused on , not some bullshit tabloid nonsense that every mp/lord is a paedophile . 
  that 's the point , it is n't highlighting her lesser moments it 's a pro ukip video and cuts off a lot of crowd grumbling . 
  that 's why it is so bad , if you watch the whole thing it 's just more of the same and worse .
