i think around 40 , one of which is morocco and all others are european countries . 
  i have visited most more than once . 
  the netherlands , belgium , germany , luxembourg , france , spain , portugal , monaco , italy , vatican city , malta , switzerland , austria , czechia , slovakia , hungary , slovenia , croatia , bosnia-herzegovina , serbia , kosovo , montenegro , albania , macedonia , greece , cyprus , bulgaria , romania , ukraine , russia , belarus , poland , lithuania , latvia , estonia , finland , sweden , denmark , norway , uk ( england , scotland & wales ) , and morocco . 
  i really love to travel and explore so i 'm sure i 'll see loads of other fun places inside and outside of these countries . 
  to add to that , in the netherlands fuel is taxed heavily , meaning 1 litre costs between $ 1,60 and $ 1,80 , which is between $ 7.20 and $ 8.10 per gallon . 
  a truck is rarely seen here and people prefer cars that use 1 litre per 20 kilometers ( 1 gallon per 47 miles ) or even more efficient , meaning most people own small or even tiny cars ( think chevrolet matiz , seat citigo , skoda mii , suzuki alto , volkswagen up , citroen c1 , peugeot 107 , etc ) . 
  usually people get stuff delivered , rent a van or borrow a larger car from someone they know ( larger meaning a volkswagen golf stationwagon for example ) . 
  i live there too !, 
  however i study at science park so it 's only a 15 minute cycle commute . 
  at the moment i really like green camille tea , fresh mint tea and scottish breakfast tea . 
  that is probably because you are dealing with three seerate countries . 
  for the netherlands check ns.nl and trains to brussels from amsterdam do not sell out and are n't cheaper when bought in advance . 
  for belgium the website is belgianrail.be . 
  i am not belgian so i might be wrong but i usually buy traintickets at the machines on the stations . 
  for france you might want to check out sncf.com and as brussels to paris is a high speed train , you might want to book in advance . 
  i do n't think the tickets will cost more than $ 100 together . 
  i usually speak french in france , but my boyfriend does n't speak it and using english will be fine . 
  if you simply say `` bonjour '' when entering a shop or something and `` au revoir '' when you leave , people wo n't refuse to speak english as you are being polite . 
  also i 've never had any issues in italy and i can barely speak any italian . 
  even in the south and on sicily people would speak a little english or at least be helpful . 
  do n't worry about it too much . 
  it 's not just amsterdam , though . 
  everyone in the entire country can speak english well . 
  also i do n't think there is really a part of europe where you 'd have trouble being a tourist . 
  i traveled all over europe while only speaking english , dutch , german and french and never had a problem anywhere speaking just english except in montenegro . 
  the house of the mosque by kader abdolah . 
  i have n't heard that before , but it would make sense as in dutch the country is called `` nederland '' ( singular ) , while the kingdom ( which includes three other countries ) is called `` koninkrijk der nederlanden '' ( plural ) . 
  yes, 
  i 'm fluent in dutch ( native ) and english . 
  i can hold conversations in german and french . 
  i speak basic swedish and just started learning italian . 
  i understand your point and usually take public transport , but as i do n't speak serbian and i 'm not very good at deciphering cyrillic script it wasa bit of a hassle . 
  it was not that bad as we stood up for ourselves . 
  thanks for the advise though !, 
  multiple taxi drivers refusing to use their meter and trying to ask $ 28 for a 5-minute taxi drive . 
  stands trying to overcharge for a bottle of ice tea . 
  couple of other things that seemed very tourist unfriendly . 
  very weird experience . 
  the house of representatives has recently passed a bill that legalizes growth and such . 
  the senate has yet to approve though . 
  i 've been to serbia twice now . 
  i really liked the country and i thought belgrade was a wonderful and chill city . 
  however , i felt as if the people were trying to get as much money out of me as they could . 
  i had the same experience in montenegro , but not in any other country on the balkan peninsula . 
  both srebrenica and the death of arch duke franz ferdinand ( which was in sarajevo ) are in bosnia-herzegovina though, 
  i 'm 21 and do n't own a car . 
  i live in the capital , so parking it would be a hassle and very expensive . 
  i do n't really need it as i am a student and thus public transport is free . 
  also i own two bicycles , so i can use those whenever for distances under 20 km . 
  whenever a car is more useful , i can always borrow my dad 's . 
  my boyfriend , who is 23 , does own a car , but only because his dad gifted him one . 
  it is not necessary at all for ( young ) people to own one here . 
  the city i grew up in was founded in 716 ad according to frisian myths . 
  the first proof of a city dates back to around 1200 and it gained city righs in 1350 . 
  i live in amsterdam now , which has been inhabited since about 4600 years , at the end of the neolithic era . 
  the city has existed under its modern name since the twelfth century when a dam was build in the river amstel . 
  it is usually the french or the dutch that joke about the belgians being stupid . 
  in the netherlands 95 % + of people speak english . 
  even my 80-year-old grandmother who lives in a rural-ish area in the northeast can hold a conversation in english . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  no , it is an actual studio that was built as student housing . 
  they look like [ this ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?safe=off&amp;site=&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;ei=uy21wosigyw7azo5naab&amp;q=containerwoning+amsterdam&amp;oq=conta&amp;gs_l=mobile-gws-img.1.0.35i39k1j0i67k1j0l2j0i67k1.2075.2778.0.3840.7.6.1.0.0.0.105.430.4j1.5.0....0...1c.1.64.mobile-gws-img..1.6.469.3.l39lw1wdepw ), 
  it 's a studio in a shipping container found via studentenwoningweb . 
  also i get rent subsidies of about $ 170 per month . 
  i live in housing that is only accessable for students , so it is n't for profit . 
  i have not seen that before and can not seem tonfind anything about it by trustworthy dutch media . 
  the pvv ( freedom party ) is the only party that actively wants out of the euro and eu , so without a lot of support by other parties to form a majority , such things will not happen . 
  the elections are about who gets which amount of seats out of 150 . 
  a coalition of parties must be formed with at least 76 seats . 
  in the current polls , the pvv only has about 26-29 . 
  the vvd ( liberal party ) has 25-28 , d66 ( middle of the spectrum party ) has 14-19 , cda ( christian democratic party ) 16-18 , groenlinks ( green party ) 13-18 , sp ( socialist party ) 14-19 , pvda ( labour party ) 12-13 , 50plus ( party for people over the age of 50 ) 6-9 , christenunie ( christian party ) 5-7 , pvdd ( animal party ) 4 , and other parties 5-10 . 
  there are enough options for a coalition without the pvv , especially since they 've proven to be a pain in the ass to try and work together with . 
  dutch politics will be fine and since the dutch economy is mainly trade , we really need the euro and the eu . 
  there are barely any true rural areas and apeldoorn is considered a city as it has 100000 + inhabitants . 
  also english is mandatory for everyone in secondary school , no matter where they live in the country . 
  your view of dutch politics is wrong . 
  the dutch political system is one that has multiple parties working together to form a coalition and no one wants to form a coalition with wilders . 
  there wo n't be a nexit . 
  please do some research . 
  also my rent is $ 500 including utilities for 22 m2 ( studio , so including kitchen and bathroom ) in amsterdam . 
  i 'm not sure if this would be a possibility for you , but you might consider moving to another country where insurance will cover this . 
  it might take some time to find out , but it might be worth it . 
  it differs per country . 
  in the netherlands , tuition fee is about $ 2000 per year if it is a first bachelor or master degree and about $ 10000 - $ 20000 if it is a second degree . 
  it can be difficult due to cultural differences . 
  my good friend has a swedish boyfriend . 
  he has lived in the netherlands for about 1.5 years after they started dating and now she 's living in sweden with him since about 1.5 years . 
  they did long distance for about a year where they would fly out to see each other two weekends every month . 
  they both do n't want to permanently live in the other 's country since they miss so much from their home country , which they did not expect they would . 
  also she has learnt swedish for him , but he has n't really learned any dutch for her , which she would like him to do . 
  it is not necessary communication wise , since they are both fluent in english and speak quite a bit german anyways , but it is nice because of elderly family that might not speak english . 
  it is hard to feel at home in a culture and country so different from your own . 
  those are the difficulties i would be afraid of . 
  also , the men in most other european countries are fairly short . 
  yes , that is correct . 
  * de zevensprong by tonke dragt . 
  * [ kruistocht in spijkerbroek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crusade_in_jeans ) by thea beckman . 
  * [ nijntje ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miffy ) by dick bruna . 
  * nearly anything by carry slee , most books are ( pre ) teen dramas . 
  * paul van loon wrote a lot of scary books for children , such as dolfje weerwolfje and de griezelbus .
