  `` hallo , met [ name ] . '', 
  meaning `` hello , this is [ name ] . '', 
  however , on mobile i usually simply say `` hey '' unless it 's an unknown number . 
  nearly every village ever is accessable by public transport , and a rental car can be used . 
  also fuel can be very expensive depending on the country . 
  even then they wo n't have enough seats and would need an extra coalition partner . 
  i do want to point out that our far-right party ( freedom party ) is nowhere near as right-winged as trump . 
  they are still in favor of the social system . 
  the only issues that are comparable are the parts about immigrants , muslims , refugees and a couple of other racist things . 
  so whatever trump does wo n't reflect on geert wilders and his freedom party . 
  it basically is . 
  there probably wo n't be anyone willing to work with him . 
  possibly 50 + , but they wo n't get more than 10 seat anyways . 
  it is not specifically that we hate them , it is that dutch soil can not support buildings that high in most places . 
  all of amsterdam 's city centre is built on pile foundation . 
  the palace on the dam square is supported by over thirteen thousand pillars . 
  in more northern , eastern and southern parts of the city higher buildings are a thing . 
  the highest building in amsterdam is the rembrandt tower , measuring 135 meters . 
  the highest building in the netherlands is the maas tower in rotterdam , measuring 165 meters . 
  also i do n't agree with your statement that commuting will take too long . 
  the netherlands is one of the most densely populated countries in europe ( 5th , and 15th most densely populated country in the world ) . 
  we barely have skyscrapers and most apartment buildings do n't exceed ten stories . 
  the majority of people live in row housing/terraced housing here . 
  4 million of the 7 million houses in total are row houses , with 10 million people living in those ( of our total population of 17 million ) . 
  commute is rarely over an hour . 
  i think it might have something to do with the infrastructure and public transport network , which is very good here . 
  i think the only difference is the amount of ( sexual ) harassment women might have to deal with compared to men . 
  this differs from an occasional `` hey hoer '' to more serious things . 
  i think this is a point the netherlands still needs to work on , but the city of amsterdam recently took action by penalizing street harassment . 
  the dutch world * tegel * ( tile ) is derived from the latin verb * tegere * ( to cover ) . 
  i usually fly low-cost ( ryanair , transavia , easyjet , wizzair , norwegian ) , but sometimes the national flag carriers ( klm , sas ) turn out to be about the same price and i definitely prefer those . 
  i feel less like cattle when flying klm and also food is included , which i like . 
  very often . 
  i love to travel . 
  i 've been to 20 + countries this year and usually travel at least once a month . 
  i am not rich by any means ( am a student ) , i just find good deals ( :, 
  i 'm not really sure if there is a more important one here . 
  we actually have three days of christmas ( christmas eve on the 24th , first christmas day on the 25th and second christmas day on the 26th ) . 
  this is quite common in the netherlands , too !, 
  we call it ` vacationmoney ' and the ` thirteenth month ' . 
  speed skating . 
  i think sven kramer might be the only one who makes over a million euros a year though . 
  yes !, 
  and most red-white-blue flags ( like the russian ) are copies of the dutch one . 
  ah , you got me confused there haha !, 
  i agree that train would be most suitable for travel between barcelona and madrid . 
  there is also a night train between madrid and lisbon . 
  most tickets from prague until barcelona do not need to be pre-booked . 
  i did n't say i though flying between barcelona and madrid was a better idea than traveling by train . 
  i said it might be useful for travel between amsterdam and prague , and lisbon and paris . 
  you might want to consider a flight from amsterdam to prague ( check easyjet ) , since it is quicker and cheaper . 
  also i would recommend to visit madrid in between barcelona and lisbon . 
  maybe choose a flight from lisbon to paris as well . 
  otherwise your trip sounds nice !, 
  also maybe visit bratislava in between vienna and budapest since it is a nice , small capital . 
  it 's called hagelslag . 
  there are loads of different kinds of it . 
  my favourite brand is de ruijter . 
  it 's really good . 
  the habsburgs originate from habsburg , switzerland , though, 
  a prius is actually considered quite big here in europe , too, 
  thanks !, 
  i really enjoy traveling so i try to do so as often as possible ( very budget though ) . 
  i 'm really exited for switzerland over all since it 'll be my first time there . 
  i just turned 21 ( and still a student , so i 've got the time ) , so it did not take that long . 
  until i was about 10 my parents and i never went out of the benelux , so in about 10 years i 've visited a lot . 
  i 'd go on holiday with them every summer and a shorter city trip every year . 
  also my school was very fond of traveling outside the country ( specifically to the uk ) and the last couple of years ( \u00b1 5 ) i 've traveled a lot with my friends and also with my boyfriend . 
  i have only been outside of europe once though ( morocco ) . 
  i plan on traveling to israel , palestine and jordan this fall and the iceland , the usa and canada next summer . 
  also probably wales and a trip to sweden this fall , and for this winter i planned a trip to the uk . 
  first southern italy for a week with a friend and then switzerland with the parents though  . 
  i would really love to spend some time in russia !, 
  what did you enjoy most about moscow ? 
  i plan on seeing saint petersburg , moscow and possibly a trip on the trans-siberian or trans-mongolian railway somewhere in a couple of years time . 
  i 'm fluent in dutch ( native ) and english , advanced in german , decent in french , basic in swedish and a little italian . 
  in school english was mandatory . 
  german and french were too , for 3 years , and afterwards i had to choose one of them ( i chose french ) and i 've also learnt latin and ancient greek for three years . 
  i 've been to : - amsterdam ( where i live ) - brussels - luxembourg - paris - mardid - lisbon - monaco-ville - rome - vatican city - valletta - vienna - budapest - bratislava - prague - warsaw - minsk - vilnius - riga - tallinn - helsinki - stockholm - copenhagen - oslo - london - edinburgh - ljubljana - zagreb - belgrade - sarajevo - podgorica - prishtina - skopje - tirana - athens - sofia - bucharest i really want to visit bern ( in two weeks time !, 
  ) , moscow , kiev and belfast , though i plan on visiting every european country . 
  i 'm not sure which one i liked best , since each one had their own charm . 
  i 'm not in the tourism sector , but it is to give counties more financial opportunities . 
  it is a way of having people that stay in your county pay for the roads and other facilities that are paid for using tax money paid by the county 's inhabitants . 
  since tourists are kind of inhabitants for a night they pay , too . 
  this is what wikipedia said on the history of tourism tax in the netherlands . 
  here each county is free to choose whether and how much they tax . 
  there are several iron mans ( triathlon ) and power mans ( duathlon ) in europe . 
  iron man in nice , france , is big . 
  also power man in zofingen ( world championship duathlon ) in switzerland . 
  please note that there is a difference between universities and universities of applied sciences . 
  the former has a higher level . 
  thats ijmuiden actually, 
  i meant as in using the bathroom without turning any lights on , not flushing when it 's just pee , not using any heating when its cold ( instead just adding an extra sweater ) , etc, 
  students who are really trying to waste as little energy , resources , etc as possible , so not your mainstream student . 
  the netherlands : as far as i have seen it it 's not that common , but not unusual either . 
  it 's mostly seen on younger people . 
  mainly metal , hipster type of people and climate fanatic students . 
  almost every country in the eu has tuition fees of around $ 10000 for people outside of the eu . 
  not all universities offer courses in english . 
  i 'd suggest you check out norway , sweden , denmark , the netherlands , scotland , germany , austria and belgium .
