  instead everyone is just bickering and trying to get opt-outs or whatever to push the problems onto the others . 
  it 's nothing new really . 
  at least they are bickering instead of outright boycotting motions like during the empty chair crisis . 
  khuzami brothers look more european than most of europe :d ( and they are kinda cute , 
  usually when they catch them in cz on a train or a bus then they send them back to austrian border or wherever , was some news report from police chief i read . 
  since there so many it takes longer and longer . 
  so they are held for about 14 days , and ca n't continue on their journey to deutschland , deutschland uber alles . 
  so they try to avoid authorities however they can . 
  first half of those people are morons and the other half are trolls . 
  it literally says in the bbc article op posted that :  `` the truck bears the logo of a slovakian poultry company , hyza , which said in a statement that the vehicle no longer belonged to the firm - but the new owners had not removed the branding ... hungary had been informed that the driver was romanian , the spokesman said . '', 
  jeez , calm your pants . 
  that was a joke . 
  that 's what the :d is for . 
  but really now . 
  most people do n't flee from syrian ` fucking war ' all the way to silly little slovakia . 
  that 's 5 safe countries too far . 
  unless they are from ukraine . 
  rise in people coming from ukraine to slovakia and that i can get and nobody has to bend international law for that . 
  would be easy peasy but as i pointed out islam also allows you to eat non-halal food if ya do n't have anything else , yet they refused food because it had terrible terrible red cross ( !!! ), 
  on it . 
  apparently they do n't fear the persecution that much . 
  and if muslims themselves decide to request an asylum in slovakia then they will go through the regular process . 
  but this is n't about slovakia denying asylum based or religion , this is slovakia volunteering to take the ` redistributed ' refugees , that the west does n't want , but have a condition . 
  slovakia does n't refuse normal refugees that apply for the process . 
  but if germany wants to redistribute refugees to them , then they think they should be able to choose . 
  since they do n't have to do it at all in the first place . 
  there 's harsh sentences for ` leaving islam ' and considering the fact that in macedonia i think it was they refused food just cause it had red cross on it ( even though fatwas allow it in case of no other food , and it was n't even a christian cross ) i 'm not that sure about their dedication and desperation . 
  especially since this is slovakia , where they do n't want to go and we talking about 200 refugees which will cover only a minuscule number of fleeing christians . 
  it ca n't get that much worse for greece now can it ? 
  `` neville chamberlain did the right thing '' yeeaaaaaah england , you can try but you will be forever a backstabbing traitor selling out sovereignty of another state bro . 
  / s ( thanks i 'll watch it later , 
  because globalization was n't such a big thing back in the day , and the refugees are supposed to move to safe country to be safe from war , not pick and choose nice countries . 
  at least i guess that 's why . 
  that 's the thing . 
  oftentimes i 'm more worried about the social cleavage and rise of extremism because of the migrants more than the actual migrants . 
  they are not dogs , pissing all over to exert dominance is just wrong . 
  deporting them costs money . 
  it takes ages to deport them . 
  many do n't have papers and refuse to give you country of origin so you have nowhere to deport them to . 
  even if they are supposed to get deported many do n't get deported anyway cause they are lost in the system . 
  take your pick . 
  yet , is a word i 'd use in this case . 
  since ukraine is n't officially in war state as of now . 
  but people are still coming though . 
  and there 's minimum 5 peaceful countries between syria and us and they still get wan na get asylum here ... oh wait no , i mean in germany :p, 
  what 's so bad about wales ? 
  we are bad when we let them go , but again we are bad for keeping them in ` internment camps ' ~ seriously , they do n't wan na be here and we ca n't really do much to stop them with the schengen system . 
  and the cute thing many are forgetting about is that eastern/central europe has got plenty of people coming from ukraine . 
  not really , nobody goes from syria straight to greece and italy . 
  there 's cyprus , turkey , lebanon , israel , jordan , egypt on their way through either side . 
  these countries do actually take most of the refugees . 
  cause , ya know , those are the people looking for refuge . 
  not to mention they could go anywhere closer , say armenia is half the way than germany , saudi arabia half the way than armenia yet they do n't allow any refugees . 
  ukraine is much closer , yet most of them ask for refuge in poland , slovakia or hungary , the neighbouring countries , they do n't go all the way to israel . 
  i 'm quite doubtful that would be possible in any foreseeable future . 
  policy makers have been trying ever since the conception of international law . 
  yet treaties are constantly broken , be it nazi germany with russia or us with iraq . 
  and states do n't really need bragging rights . 
  according to realist/neo-realist theory for example states are power/security maximizers in a system that is quite anarchical . 
  lot 's of it is about cold hard cost-benefit analysis . 
  when russia thinks it 's long term goals will be improved by taking over ukraine it benefits them to break international law . 
  and humanitarianism is pretty much just a luxury of stable democratic states . 
  liberalists are more optimistic yet even they are not able to really change that tendency . 
  it 's like people being send to jail for murder , yet they still murder . 
  sorry if i sound overly cynical , but i somewhat am after dedicating good portion of my life to ir academia . 
  i think it 's cute when people from west think that the funds we get provide no advantage for them  what 's next , if france acts up you are going to take cap from them ? 
  there was this news video in another thread with a syrian immigrant stuck in greece saying `` if this is europe i want to go back to syria . '', 
  so it might work . 
  countries do n't just join conflicts out of goodness of their hearts . 
  but ... but ... sobotka said that nobody 's forcing us . 
  we are taking them voluntarily !, 
  d : / s, 
   what the actual fuck ? 
  so we should only respect human rights and international law when it is convenient ? 
  welcome to international politics . 
  strong players have always ignored human rights and international law when it 's convenient . 
  because we are very homogeneous and people do n't want ~ more diversity ~ we ca n't even integrate roma , so most think that we wo n't be able to integrate muslims . 
  they do n't want to have prague ghettos like paris does . 
  plus eu would like to force those immigrants onto us . 
  but they do n't even wan na be here . 
  they 're gon na go on their merry way to germany as soon as they are processed . 
  we get several times lesser wages yet a food shopping here is more expensive than shopping in germany for the same items . 
  [ and not even mentioning the fact that your frozen pizza has more meat than ours ! ], 
  ( http://ekonomika.idnes.cz/cesi-a-balkanci-dostanou-pizzu-s-polovinou-salamu-nez-nemci-p4s-/test.aspx?c=a150818_111615_test_fih ) why would they want a job or benefits here ? 
  when germany is right there next to us . 
  asylum seekers should however request asylum in the first safe country on their way . 
  if they continue deeper into europe without requesting asylum then they are there illegally . 
  just like they were illegally in the rest of the countries they crossed . 
  at least that 's how it technically works . 
  ( so if someone crosses cz , on their way to ask for asylum in germany , then they are here illegally ), 
  hey !, 
  but them hungarians build a big ass fence !, 
  that 's got ta solve them problem surely . 
  i personally find airplane to be much more convenient  / #lookingforwardtomystay, 
  i can have sex at home , i 'm not going abroad to do fuck all :p, 
  i would n't say that there is a strict connection between the two , there would be people who do n't like anyone from outside when it comes to general public but governmental policies have pretty clear distinction between the two both politically and legally . 
  the procedures are separate , and eu does n't seem to be inclined to create pressure on legal migrants . 
  with specific countries it depends . 
  but generally there are political groups that always wanted to regulate immigration because of possible social cleavage . 
  ( that is often seen with 2nd and 3rd generation ) those groups are against-both but they have been here even before the crisis .
