   and in doing so it will then break the law . 
  so no real change from what they were doing before . 
  sure we found out thanks to whistleblowers but i doubt they ever stopped . 
  most people i hear this from are not worried about 1000 muslims threatening their culture , but by the fact that first they tell you 1000 then all their families and then all their cousins 3 times removed and oops we said 1000 suddenly it 's 20 000 . 
  which is pretty much what happened here when quotas were debated and numbers kept rising . 
  ( and then nothing happened anyways ), 
  ah yes . 
  the beautiful irony of austria complaining about the evil hungarian fence and then building their own ... eh ... ` totallynotfence ' corridor . 
  scholl is mandatory , and free all the way . 
  however the original czechoslovakia lasted for only 20 years before multi-ethnic composition of the state started causing trouble and we ended with big ugly western knife in our back !, 
  it 's same thing , just different local name . 
  i agree kobliha is the best type of doughnut . 
  the polish shops are saviour for slavs in the west , mainly cause , the bread :d, 
  i only really know rey koranteng and it took me some 20 years to realise he 's not `` white '' . 
  cause i always just thought of him as czech . 
  there 's always these huge news about `` ist backlash '' when if fact they pull out 3 tweets , one of those is troll and there are like 20 outraged people tops . 
  but since media puts if forward the backlash becomes bigger because it 's made to be a huge deal . 
  nothing beats the evergreen classic . 
  the teenagent . 
  you mean like christians stole pagan culture ? 
  by now it 's cultural tradition for most rather than religious one . 
  the same way it morphed into christmas from solstice celebration over time . 
  it morphs on . 
  taste is irrelevant . 
  it has nice green colours !, 
  but it 's green man . 
  green !, 
  live tree , shiny lights , glass baubles . 
  i like it nice and traditional . 
  haha . 
  he did n't say that the star in the apples is good health , meanwhile when you end up with a weird cross it 's , well cross on your grave kinda . 
  at our house we also crack walnuts to find if it has healthy core . 
  women also throw shoes or slippers behind their back towards the door . 
  if the shoe tip points to the door you get married , if it points inside the home you stay . 
  i do n't speak the language yet i still understand fellow slav pozdrav , and that 's beautiful . 
  it tastes nice and is pretty green without any bloody peppermint in it . 
  so why not ? 
  we drink just about anything here . 
  i 'd prefer if they turned to fighting petty crime . 
  in a suit . 
  say , one that looks like a bat . 
  they should do that more with smaller churches . 
  there was one restaurant like that in dublin and gosh it looks so magnificent !, 
  i loved it . 
  ( their mean blt sandwich was help too ), 
  our churches are amazing yet we are most atheist country in yurop * shrug * we just like the way they look i guess . 
  pretty sure you would n't be as trigger happy if your loved ones were on that plane . 
  there are innocent civilians that we should try to save if we can . 
  would be nice if we did n't have to . 
  this whole western sphere deal is n't as much fun as i thought it would be . 
  :( no wonder there 's so much 90 's nostalgia . 
  we could also cut down the `` blatant communist propaganda '' then there 's gon na be no news and all is fine !, 
  :d / s, 
  you forgot berlin . 
  we got few years we can blame on berlin . 
  not to mention munich :d, 
  i love dark handsome men when they also smell nice and do n't wan na deny my basic rights . 
  plenty of terrorists have higher education . 
  even university can be a place of indoctrination . 
  it 's kinda the same when people say `` but there are bad people in your own country too ! '', 
  like ... yeah , i already got shitty people here i do n't need to import more in . 
  not to mention we do n't have anywhere we could deport our own citizens . 
  the fact that the threat comes from what are basically people welcomed here with generosity , definitely matters . 
  we buy one alive . 
  tho it 's my sister that kills it . 
  i ca n't stomach it . 
  ca n't say i 'd know . 
  my main comparison is frankfurt vs prague vs leipzig ( east germany is supposed to be less affected ) . 
  i was pretty surprised cause when i lived in ireland last year i did n't see that many either and in living in denmark 3 years ago i saw some , which i expected , but still not as many as in germany this year . 
  this was the highest concentration of mena people i saw since my trip to riyadh where obviously everyone was . 
  :d my friends living in karlsruhe said the situation has changed since they build the refugee camp there , as it was pretty uneventful neighbourhood before . 
  they live near where the camp is and are not exactly thrilled about it . 
  holywood generally makes it seem like we 're all russian mafia :d, 
  there were already several cases in here and poland both where the families just packed their things and went to germany . 
  i mean we 're not superprosperous germoney , but our countries are safe and really nice to live in , so it 's kinda insulting to refuse generosity like that . 
  and crazy american 's be telling me there 's no such thing as slavic mythology . 
  i 'm really happy our shared folklore is getting some bigger spotlight finally . 
  might be also different locally . 
  i was visiting germany last week and it depended on a place . 
  i thought prague was pretty cosmopolitan with it 's amount of foreigners so i 'm used to occasional black/indian/mena person , but i was still shocked by how many mena people i saw in frankfurt . 
  strasbourg on the other side of the border was kinda like that too . 
  from my friends i heard they got trouble with them in karlsruhe , as there was increase of crime in the area they moved them to . 
  on the other hand places like esslingen or leipzig looked like i 'd imagine a regular german city . 
  czech republic is totally uneventful , so i feel somewhat more unsafe in germany , which is ironic . 
  the story was about the prince , i doubt the random black guy was relevant . 
  anyway , who does he think he is !, 
  messing up the composition like that !, 
  who the f says milostn\u00fd pom\u011br in 2017 . 
  slavs ca n't into holocaust . 
  not here , atheism is a norm here . 
  i call bs , there 's no way the most secular country ever is more comfortable with christians than atheists . 
  should be still there . 
  but in all honesty it took me years before i realized he 's actually half black . 
  my mind always perceived him as czech even though visually kinda tanned . 
  speaks for power of integration . 
  honestly i 'm not that surprised by muslim and black but i am very surprised by asian . 
  most people would probably think east asia and i have trouble finding any fault with those . 
  though possible thing to make them uncomfortable could be language barrier . 
  czechs seem terrifies of talking to foreigner . 
  might be also why jews got best result for us though still so bloody low ... hmm . . might be religion itself , wonder how many it would be for practicing christians .
