  wearing hijab can be enforced but it 's also a free choice many women make , but because it 's part of their religion many also feel like they do n't actually ` have a choice ' since they consider it compulsory for the religion . 
  thus we get to the crux of the issue of free choice when socialized into a behaviour . 
  nobody knows how to deal with that , people can only guess . 
  a true frenchman knows what 's important . 
  a ) i am not compelled by religion . 
  it 's more of a practical matter . 
  b ) if my name was better sounding than my husband 's ( to be ) , i 'd make him go with mine . 
  alas , my surname sucks and by marriage i can get a cute pastry surname . 
  weird i managed to walk around riyadh streets unassaulted despite many men seeing my hair . 
  some pakistani gardeners even saw me in a swimsuit !, 
  * gasp * heresy !, 
   companies should be free to ban muslim women from wearing headscarves at work if they have a general policy barring all religious and political symbols , a senior eu lawyer has said . 
   ** a headscarf should be seen no differently to a jewish kippa , a sikh turban or a christian wearing a prominent crucifix or a t-shirt emblazoned with the slogan `` jesus is great '' ** , said juliane kokott , an advocate general at the european court of justice . 
  it 's ok to cover your hair for whatever reason you want . 
  the point here is that if a company asks you to not wear something because it 's their policy for reason xyz then they have the right to do so . 
  if company says you ca n't wear your traditional bulgarian outfit to your baking job it can do so too . 
  what i said is that number of people wear headscarf for non-religious reasons . 
  i wear it cause of cold or so my hair does n't fall into my face . 
  and since i do n't wear it cause of religious devotion then if authority figure asked me to remove it in certain environment i would not make a fuss about it and that 's the difference in my headscarft-wearing reasoning . 
  one would say that difference between wearing something cause ` you like it or is traditional but you are ok not wearing ' it and something you ` have to wear cause religion told you so ' would be obvious but apparently not . 
  so it might be ` weirdest ' argument for you , but here the woman was fired for not being willing to take it off while at work . 
  if you read the articles you 'd know it 's not just about the headscarfs but also other religious symbols , such as skullcaps , turbans or heck even strainers . 
  well since good karma should improve your status in next life they probably had some minor infractions . 
  lotsa of european cultures have the headscarf tradition but i would say it 's a quite different thing in its reasoning and day to day application , such as tying your hair so it does n't get in way while you bake/work on a field etc. 
  these days it 's a fashion or practical choice rather than religious one . 
  with these bans probably it 's not really about wearing one ( like when it 's cold ) , it 's about how willing you are to take it off . 
  cause ` we ' were only a thing during the cold war and before then nah not really . 
  western slavic people 's culture has always been more austroslavic oriented . 
  austria and prussia ( that created german state ) have actually been rivals for quite a long time . 
  they are quite different . 
  and do n't wan na be together anymore than french belgium would wan na be with france , or ukraine part of russia . 
  well hitler was austrian . 
  i think not !, 
  nah , it 's not about how far away they are geographically . 
  both bulgaria or montenegro feel european , but somehow albania feels like that country somewhere over where armenia and azerbaijan are . 
  must be the a :d ( i 'm sorry to resident albanians ), 
  maybe cause when people say eastern european , people tend to think poland or ukraine , or like croatia . 
  georgia is border europe , and while i did study ir i am always baffled by albania actually being an european country . 
  it feels weird . 
  probably because of cultural gap . 
  sorry this probably comes of badly . 
  it does n't have to be a suicider . 
  it could be a planted device . 
  still , it 's friggin cold . 
  it 's not going to doctors once or twice that 's expensive . 
  it 's stuff like breaking your leg or having an actual illness . 
  i hear many american 's worrying about a health insurance quite often , meanwhile in central europe nada . 
  also my country is pretty and has castles . 
  1000 % better . 
  when people talk about the popular vote they often do n't take into account that the whole campaign is set up according to the electoral college system . 
  if it was about popular vote then the candidates would behave differently , campaign in different states and people would have different voting habits too . 
  i 'll take living in our lil central europe over dealing with american health insurance system any day . 
  cause that 's not quality that 's torment . 
  it 's all that backstabbing . 
  we just wan na sit in our little valley and have everyone leave us alone cause when they try to ` help ' we always get screwed . 
  it 's like in my granma 's village . 
  there 's always that cool family that i feel bad for cause the rest of the community is fucking up for them . 
  men in my country can take paternity leave instead of mother . 
  some do because it 's more money efficient for them and good for them . 
  but i do n't think it has any chance to be a large trend . 
  i think that cultivating the bond between the father and child is important and while they can be a primary caretaker there 's still more of a female inclination to take care of children . 
  as i 'm preparing for having my own i ca n't imagine not being a primary caretaker of my kids . 
  i mean i see little reason to push them out of my vay-jay if i would not want to be . 
  our doctors run away to germany regardless of gender i guess . 
  it 's weird cause we got somewhat high ` wage gap ' ( 22 % i think ) but at comparable positions it 's about 8 % . 
  and one of the primary reasons for that given is always the difference created by women taking maternity leave . 
  if i just stop my carreer for 2-4 years it 's understandable i wo n't level up due to lack of exp . 
  and honestly if i 've got ta choose between no gap or maternity i 'd prefer maternity . 
  well there is when they find out ... 
  marfushka 's the prettiest of all !, 
  ok , but which one of those has a watermelon ? 
  it 's obviously ahistoric fantasy but i would say they still got a kind of slavic aesthetic . 
  it 's the little things with the embroidery and use of lace , sleeve endings , accessories . 
  the way the floral rural patterns are used is often associated with slavic dresses . 
  the hats being the obvious one . 
  i mean the one with the rabbits looks very western to me but the one with the spinning wheel looks very slavic . 
  the western slavic stuff has big overlap with german stuff too . 
  [ poland 's got you covered . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukbufyd468w ), 
  it 's more about how we still think of ourselves as a tiny country despite being pretty average in population comparison . 
  we might feel small next to huge germany and poland but we 're twice as big as denmark and sightly bigger than sweden only slightly smaller than belgium and you could fit all three baltic countries with slovenia together and have 3m people left . 
  yet we 're thinking of ourselves as ` small ' . 
  both prague and brno are good destinations for it . 
  but that 's about the only branch where it might be worth . 
  well that 's what i thought when i wanted to learn german , but ultimately i lacked the option in school . 
  but imho school is n't that good for learning language even for english , unless you also read or watch stuff in that language . 
  my spoken japanese ( which is still pretty bad and basic ) is better than my spanish even thought i only ` officially ' studied it for about 2 years , and that 's mainly because of video games and anime . 
  i learned english mainly by reading comic books and watching tv shows too . 
  perhaps if i invested more time in reading spanish i would get better cause ultimately you mainly need the vocabulary beyond las patatas and los ojos oscuros . 
  ehhh , depends . 
  you learn english as second language obviously and then i do n't know if it 's on all highschools or only on gymnasium type you have to pick a third language ( idk how it 's on trade schools it might be optional ) then it splits mainly into french , german , spanish and actually russian is starting to get back too . 
  but that also depends on what classes they open , i wanted to learn german but they only opened spanish so i was stuck with that for next 7 years ( after which i still suck at spanish :d ), 
  that 's cause everybody can get away with paying us pennies and bread crumbs . 
  a big debate started on it last week , cause of new taxation proposal people suddenly noticed our wages are way too low . 
  which is good for companies thus employment . 
  also people that are unhappy about that go work to germany . 
  the bad czechs taking jobs from germans !, 
  but i am woman . 
  i 'll take her , send me pics and then mail her here . 
  hehe , we keep postponing euro so much there wo n't be aby euro left by the time we 're ready to join xd,
