  i do n't see how it would n't . 
  our culture was being displaced by germanic culture in a time where czech , german/austrian and jewish cultures coexisted in one region . 
  austria and especially a-h was pretty much what we would think of as a multicultural state . 
  czechs were even dealing with the identity politics issues and all that jazz . 
  that was the whole point of national revival . 
  [ well you left us with something over in brno at least . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c8/brno%2c_n%c3%a1m%c4%9bst%c3%ad_svobody%2c_hodiny.jpg ), 
  yup , multiculturalism of the past almost fcked us over in that manner . 
  i used to think we could have had a ` useful ' language if czech was gone . 
  but now i 'm really happy we reappropriated our heritage . 
  simple solution . 
  you just have internalised racism therefore your opinion is still invalid . 
  but looking and feeling good about ourselves is more important !, 
  also something something racism . 
  so those do n't make prague look like a failed state . 
  and cities that do probably screwed somewhere ? 
  we got plenty of demonstrations , and even nazis and antifa breaking each other 's jaws . 
  serious lack of burning civilian cars on streets though . 
  but as far as i know their benefits are already tied to their residence . 
  they even get nice apartments in estonia and everything . 
  i clicked little bit too furiously on my shitty edge internet in train . 
  not according to adolf we are n't . 
  i do n't think we should let them drown . 
  but that does n't mean we should serve as their ferry . 
  it would probably save them some time , cause the migrants are gon na pack and go there anyway . 
  we ca n't force them to stay . 
  omg get over it they are all over here anyway . 
  not lately but exactly . 
  our revolution is even called velvet because of how soft it was . 
  aww man . 
  save the minks , they are so cute . 
  we finally got those fancy self-scanning machines ( called ` scan it ' i believe ) in tesco 's . 
  i got to use it today and it 's so neat !, 
  no need to wait in lines and stuff , very convenient . 
  nah , czechia hates muslims but is ok with its gays . 
  fingers crossed for actual marriage legislation !, 
  just because we have a right to own a gun does n't mean that every czech citizen is suddenly going to have one . 
  number of gun owners in czechia is pretty minimal and is n't going to rise because of this law . 
  actually since the call for better quality food started i noticed several products ( canned peaches for example from ) i was unwilling to buy from some companies before switching from fructose-glucose syrup to real sugar . 
  the price and the labelling remains the same tho , just a silent change when they realised that people are starting to notice . 
  nah but i heard good things about that one . 
  they say wonky but that 's one cute potato . 
  i ca n't wait for civ space expansion ... oh wait . 
  czechoslovak stronk !, 
  all hail our hero and astronaut remek !, 
  [ fify ] ( https://www.awn.com/sites/default/files/image/featured/1020962-framestore-launches-feline-space-o2-spot.jpg ), 
  not sure what you mean . 
  just pointing out that the doctor 's $ 2,400 ai n't as good as it seems , cause of the extra effort included in that . 
  but other than that comparing cost of living in germany vs czechia in general if we put it to averages their cost of living is about twice higher but they have three to four times higher wages . 
  good . 
  i feel prettier already :d, 
  about half of that amount is due to overtimes and extra overnight shifts though . 
  [ average base pay is about $ 1,400 . 
  you could say there 's some unfortunate history ... :'d, 
   value per dollar spent in czechia is just fantastic . 
  it 's the cheap beer i bet it is . 
  eating out in general is pretty good price wise . 
  talking about attractive . 
  would you confirm the stereotype that czech girls are pretty or are we about the same ? 
  being it in czechia atm is probably the best kind of job you can have . 
  it 's been pretty slow rise but hopefully we 'll get there eventually . 
  still average pay here is about 1030 $ . 
  meanwhile the minimum pay in germany next door is 1500 $ . 
  sooo ... yeah . 
  well it 's swedish prison , so you ca n't be sure . 
  fun times during my master 's exam . 
  they asked about people exploiting the crisis and i said humanitarian organizations . 
  they laughed and said they mean the criminal type , so i realized they meant traffickers . 
  i got a. 
  converts sometimes adopt a new islamic name . 
  my dad picked one for himself althought he only uses it while emailing us with mystic stuff . 
   ran over with a samurai sword well that 's wild . 
  never pass an opportunity to piss on eu i guess . 
  well to be honest my first thought was that he looks like someone in a porno . 
  then i realized my mistake cause he actually looks like someone from gay porno :d, 
  ban pools . 
  also ban food someone could choke . 
  just to be safe , ban kids . 
  there 's war in ukraine . 
  does n't mean all of ukraine is unsafe . 
  also what niikopol said apparently . 
  well pools are not made for killing people . 
  i do n't care ? 
  i just answered the question . 
  and it 's not like we have a gun problem with gangs shooting each other in streets of olomouc . 
  is there no safe area in libya tho ? 
  they ca n't be fighting all along the coast no ? 
  kids come into contact with pools at significantly higher rate than they do with guns . 
  if the ratio of contact was 1:1 then guns would probably loose on that one . 
  most people i know that have guns have them for self-defense as a secondary reason . 
  they mainly have them cause they like guns . 
  it 's also cheaper to own your own gun than to borrow it on gun range so that 's a reason too . 
  and then people wonder why eu is giving us development funds and complain that we only take money without anything in return . 
  meanwhile our politicians are shilling that we study too much and how dare we want qualified work and that we should do more ` manual labour ' instead . 
  i honestly do n't care in my partner either way and am not against the practice itself for medical reasons but imho it 's about the principle of bodily autonomy and freedom of choice themselves what make it a notable issue . 
  how far do we allow parents to go for the ` benefit ' of a child , is the question here . 
  i was horrified to learn about the blood transfusion issue with jehovah 's witnesses . 
  or say most people would think that something like tattooing a child for religious practice would be outrageous . 
  yet we allow children to be permanently marked via circumcision without batting an eye . 
  it should be their own decision .
