  i heard about lots of kidnappings and exploitation in italy but not in mc . 
  ( part of which is actually because they are not properly registered and let to their own devices ), 
  and who 's gon na kill them in denmark ? 
  or in germany ? 
  who was gon na kill them in macedonia ? 
  they do n't have to stay in syria for reunification process . 
  maybe you should compose a proper argument instead of appealing to emotion and insulting girls you know nothing about . 
  yeaaah , damn i miss denmark ... 
  you do know that they have right to ask for family reunification formally through eu channels though no ? 
  cause from what i know sweden is very open to reuniting families , via actual legal ways , they do n't have to illegally cross 10 countries to do that . 
  about half of those are from balkan states alone , not from syria . 
  oh no , we hate russia with passion so we 're cool to go . 
  you mean from the depths of your stomach when you had too much no ? 
  the united power of vodka , beer , wine and borovicka !, 
  polisheu-2 .0 :p, 
  well the question is , what should one do then ? 
  if they have legal right to the working documents , they requested those , and they are not getting them i would understand and support if they decide to protest . 
  if they just think they should get them because they `` oh so want to '' then no , not really : / it can suck for a lot of people , but an organized society should work according to the proper rule of law . 
  it 's not ideal system but it 's better than nothing . 
  well the 10 eu countries that are on their way to denmark should have legally registered them . 
  no wonder denmark is upset . 
  they are running around shengen area illegally after all . 
  hardly . 
  you 'd have to sell your firstborn and half of your mother to be able to pay for livign expenses in switzerland . 
  that is understandable . 
  bureaucracy sucks in lotsa places . 
  but even if the offical channels are terrible does n't mean you can just bypass them to get whatever you want . 
  which is why you as a proper immigrant do go there to renew your residency even if you prefered not to . 
  just look at how beautiful budapest is , and they are like , naaaah . 
  i am actually worried that many of them might freeze to death during winter in europe . 
  children included : /, 
  hey who knows , maybe some of those migrating are enthusiastic metalheads . 
  b-but i thought he lives on north pole ? 
  yeah i think in italy i saw some signs of the `` give us papers so we can work '' kind during one protest . 
  i doubt they had legal right to them though , otherwise they 'd just go through official channels instead of wasting time protesting . 
  well pardon hungary for not having infrastructure to support thousands of people pouring in . 
  saudi 's did n't sign any refugee conventions though , so they can pretend it does n't concern them . 
  they could help if they wanted to but there 's no real benefit in doing that . 
  it 's kinda strange how germany keeps proclaiming `` oh it 's fine we can take all these people come more ! '', 
  with one breath but then go on about `` no you guys have to take them too to take burden off us '' in another :p, 
  wow . 
  good job wasting 1 billion euros for that plant :p, 
  when in doubt blame germany . 
  if they complain remind them of wwii . 
  works every time !, 
  what 's this ? 
  revival of little entente ? 
  :d but yeah i 'd stick with v4 . 
  and we only kinda `` like '' usa cause usa in means russia out . 
  our relations with china thawed only very recently . 
  we are good buddies with south korea though :p, 
  oh yeah , i remember the great unity and solidarity of french during the empty chair crisis :d ecsc was originally build upon keeping each other ( and primarily germany ) in check and looking over their shoulder to see if they got resources to start war :p they added the `` values '' later when they discovered it kinda works when states do n't hate each other . 
  i never really understood what 's the deal with austrians and temelin . 
  @__ @ it 's not like we can use water or air energy and it 's still more eco-friendly than bloody coal . 
  you guys should stop making that `` no kangaroos in austria '' merch . 
  otherwise someone might notice and change their mind . 
  if i remember correctly poland was taking the christian refugees right out of turkish camps . 
  i think they coordinated with unhcr . 
  what the hell am i doing in ireland ?!, 
  ( nah kidding irish guys are hot but the beer is $ 4 which is heresy ), 
  if i went after cheap booze i would n't be able to leave my country . 
  hungary is actually pretty nice . 
  it is just the eastern europe bias that makes people think otherwise . 
  i would take budapest or vienna over berlin any time of day . 
  yet they dont wan na stay in austria either , which i actually wonder about . 
  so do majority of germans think that hungarians are just supposed to allow people to cross illegally into their country and avoid authorities and proper border check ? 
  should we not care about this kind of criminal activity ? 
  hungary is protecting an outer border , just like they are supposed to do as per schengen treaty . 
  we ca n't just allow tons of undocumented migrants into a schengen area . 
  idk about the cost of living . 
  germany has 3x the average salary from cz , yet their food is about the same price . 
  they keep making those ` shopping comparisons ' and it 's just depressing . 
  idk about housing but since they get a state flat it does n't matter much anyway . 
  never said they are n't good people . 
  my dad himself converted to islam in saudi and he 's mostly pretty chill . 
  and i would have as much issues with christian religious nuts if they undermined secular state and considered me subhuman cause of my boobs . 
  but the issue of integration is mostly cultural , not religious is my point . 
  but religion of the region also strongly shapes the culture of the people living there is the guy 's above point . 
  lot 's of syrians are actually white or at least paler in a way where you could easily mistake them for italians or spaniards . 
  even those are usually not welcome . 
  i remember canada making us have visas again cause of how many hard to integrate people came there . 
  i do n't need them to give up islam . 
  there 's freedom of religion , but we also live in a secular state where religion is a private affair . 
  as long as they respect the laws of secular state and rules of the society i got no problem with them . 
  btw . 
  assimilation describes blending into the society . 
  integration would be being able to function in the society even while retaining your culture . 
  but there 's no unified definition of it . 
  however i indeed am concerned when the leader of czech muslim union says on tv that we should practice sharia law on women , and that the europeans will learn in time how wiser that would be and that we should totally do it . 
  i mean that 's not just some random joe schmoe on the street . 
  but that would be more part of islamic socio-politic ideology rather than religion itself . 
  and we got plenty of muslim europeans , it 's called balkans . 
  more probably the fact that they did n't fit the asylum criteria . 
  it 's true that colonialism is partially responsible for what is happening now , but there 's so many other circumstances that we ca n't really claim france is responsible so therefore should take them . 
  many former colonies and messed up countries are thriving now . 
  depends on when and where , because many confuse austrian empire and austria-hungarian empire that came after . 
  but after they joined it was known as a-h , or by it 's respective language translation . 
  even though habsburgs were on a throne hungary was still politically equal to austria , unlike it 's subjects like bohemia or slovakia . 
   and this is why i have no faith in europe 's future anymore . 
  when faced with huge problems , we do n't sit down together and find the best solution .
