  as cold as it sounds , it 's still better for one badly planned to go through than four well planned to . 
  i wish none did . 
  well teach a man to fish and all that jazz . 
  i have never been cat called ever . 
  and it 's not like i 'm ugly . 
  i usually think of it as more of a us phenomena . 
  i have however been sexually harassed 3 times while in egypt in span of few days . 
  on the other hand riyadh was fine but you have male accompaniment at all times there . 
  edit : oh yeah there was this time when some group of black foreigners shouted something at me once . 
  probably drunk . 
  idk , still not native europeans . 
  yeah well that 's my attitude too . 
  i 'm very happy i do n't have to wash my hair and clothes every time i go out too . 
  they are probably gon na make those smelly booths . 
  we do n't really have big differentiation between pubs and restaurants in terms of service . 
  they both serve cooked food and all that jazz , some people use the terms interchangeably . 
  bars tho . 
  i would be willing to be lenient on bars where there 's no cooked food served . 
  i know some non-smokers that hate smoking who were against the ban just on the principle of the freedom thing . 
   though that akwardness you mention is probably just acting , as the guys pretend they 're straight . 
  haha . 
  well i ca n't stand it in gay or straight porn equally . 
  i think it 's just the fact that the language is my native . 
  i ca n't read porny fanfiction written in czech either i just cringe at all the phrases i would be fine with in english . 
  to add to feriss . 
  in big cities like prague and brno the vietnamese ` chinese ' fast food ( that 's not really vietnamese cuisine ) is still a thing . 
  but i have been finding a pleasant trend in actual vietnamese restaurants becoming more common and it 's delicious . 
  i got place with great pho bo right around the corner :d i would say that while most people would not think of vietnamese ( or non-whites ) as czechs they are accepted as subset of czech culture . 
  as in think of them as vietnamese first and czech second but not weird or foreign to czech environment . 
  in prague , while idk for latinos , blacks seem to be non-problematic group here but there 's really quite a few of them and they tend to be semi-rich educated africans . 
  no i ca n't stand it . 
  i find it really awkward . 
  but i prefer when they do n't talk in general . 
  you are mixing together refugees that arrived legally through asylum process , the ones given to us by quotas and then people who are illegally transiting through our territory towards germany or wherever . 
  they are not in our country for asylum . 
  that 's why it 's illegal . 
  maybe for people in us but lotsa them still call us czechoslovakia so i 'm not surprised . 
  [ well thanks to you we got this phallic beauty . 
   i know that ive yet to see an ugly czech guy or czech girl . 
  that 's probably cause you rely on your ... err ... online travels :d also at least for me it 's kinda horrible , cause you try to watch porn and then suddenly they speak czech and just ugh , nope , that sounds just too awkward please do n't talk . 
   they have a relatively large number of vietnamese people for some reason ? 
  communism + vietnam war . 
  it sounds like ikea with c. 
  well they came to our country illegally that 's why they were in detention center cause they broke law and were to be deported . 
  prisoners pay for stay in prison too . 
  we got some refugees in refugee centers too tho . 
  that 's different cause they are legal . 
   get butthurt when people call them `` eastern europeans '' , not realizing that it 's not a geographic term we know that . 
  we do n't need the bitter reminder . 
  also it 's been some time maybe people could move on . 
   i also wonder how spoken czech is almost uninteligible , while slovak is quite easily understood what ? 
  how ? 
  we talk super similar language . 
  we are grumpy about change . 
  ye , but those are in the way . 
  they do n't need to stop saving them from drowning . 
  that is inhumane and below us . 
  but just because we save them from death does n't mean we need to ferry them to italy . 
  considering the fact that i have seen some social justice types say that either italians/spaniards or slavs are not white i 'm not sure how it 's gon na work . 
  i 've actually also seen a non-sj american say that spaniards/portuguese are not white @___ @, 
  some people do n't have siblings you exclusionary shtlord !, 
  i 'm guessing those differences are not as prominent as the sex ones . 
  also race differentiation is quite arbitrary , you ca n't just say ` blacks are good at running ' cause while there blacks from some world regions that have higher disposition towards that there are blacks from other regions that do n't . 
  should make a trip sometime . 
  i kinda like the aspect of knowing more about their partners and what they do ( like charity work etc ) imho it brings the politician closer to the regular folk . 
  our first president 's wife ms havel was very prominent and is well regarded . 
  on the other hand i just had to google to make sure our current president actually has a wife . 
  i never realized merkel is actually married either . 
  can confirm my ( soon to be ) hubby promised me he 's gon na be rich pretty soon when we started dating . 
  10 years ... i 'm still waiting but any day now !, 
  what does he do anyway ? 
  is there anything of particular interest over there or did you just visit for pretty nature ? 
   i do n't want them here in the first place . 
  curious , did you feel the same when you initially volunteered or has your opinion of the migrants/refugees deteriorated as you worked with them ? 
  also do you think it was worth it for some of the decent folk ? 
  ( i just like hearing stories of people who were involved ), 
  my country is super atheist and secular yet we have minimum muslims and they avoid us like a plague . 
  disdain for mena migrants is about the same as anywhere in ee . 
  there 's no need to swap one kind of religious fundamentalists for another . 
  true i guess . 
  bureaucracy fun incoming . 
  and why would n't i live in a cute village like that ? 
  rural life is not some inhumane hell . 
  beats a bloody dry desert . 
  and estonians did n't resettle them forcibly , they gave them all this free stuff out of generosity after they asked for help . 
  that 's like giving a starving person bread and then saying it 's cruel and abusive they did n't get a roasted boar . 
  but their footsies are cold man . 
  i like poland , but sometimes i just look over the border like what the f are you doing guys ? 
  the christian party over here is a joke , i do n't get the power they have in other europe an countries . 
  children are n't monks afaik . 
  this ruling deals only with this specific situation in schools . 
  getting paid same as male coworker or being given a job is n't a right either but if it can be proven the only reason for refusing those is gender discrimination then it becomes in conflict with your right to dignity and equality , both of which are hr . 
  women have right not to be treated like second class citizens , which the refusal of handshake in this case signifies . 
  if they just did n't like her it would be a different case but the context matters here . 
  that sounds quite exhausting . 
   a kid not touching his female teacher is not denying her equal rights , lol . 
  it does if they are willing to touch male teachers but only refuse women . 
  the inspection still need some starting point to accuse you of unfair waging , they ca n't just say prove to me you have unfair wage because i think you might . 
  revenue office does n't check people unless they find the problem in the first place either . 
  but basically the way if was put ( in article i read about it ) the inspection has to prove you were intentionally discriminating against women before they can sanction you in any way .
