  now skilled-migrants that overstay their legal period of stay and remain in europe illegally , those are a problem and again another issue that might actually be more impactful of policies regarding the skilled-migration . 
  sure you can immigrate to europe legally . 
  however pretty much all of these migrants are entering europe illegally and while refugees are here legitimately many of the economic migrants are in europe illegally and we got hard time deporting them , which is what most people are upset about hence the issue . 
  refugees are according to geneva conventions technically supposed to ask for asylum in the first safe country . 
  which is why many of them end up in turkey . 
  but they have no business sitting around calais harassing truck drivers . 
  i do n't think that many people have problems with people who got their papers sorted out and simply moved here . 
  at least not in connotation with the issue of european immigration crisis . 
  it 's not like cfsp would be able to agree on anything in a meaningful way though . 
  as usual . 
  that 's where we make the distinction between the illegal and legal immigrants . 
  and it 's the former that is the issue on the table here . 
  even doctors from africa are great , if they come legally . 
  what ? 
  do poles not eat carp on christmas in germany ? 
  / s i certainly would n't call myself integrated if i could n't speak the language of the country and wanted to change their laws and customs to suit my needs . 
  so yes if staying long term i would expect them to do those things even when they are from within eu if they want to be considered integrated . 
  they can keep their traditions but to hell with those ` winter trees ' ( cause christmas is offensive apparently , i 'm not even religious but damn it upsets me so much when people are ` offended ' by christmas trees ) do n't mess with my christmas trees m8 . 
  i think you mean ~ fabulous ~, 
  that does not make it better :d goddamn czechs !, 
  yet ... 
  wtf man fountains are not for swimming . 
  no wonder they are so filthy  __ < go to a swimming pool or a river . 
  one could say they got ... one last breath ~ ~, 
  i 'm not exactly sure that socialist parties could be defined as right-wing . 
  the safe third country might not approve of immigrants but they do approve of money they get for them . 
  it 's not like cambodia does it out of goodness of their heart . 
  well us together with some arab states is already taking action in syria , they are arming the rebels , prolonging the war . 
  you might think it 's easy , but how do you help ? 
  who do you help ? 
  what exactly are you going to be doing in that country ? 
  how do you prevent it from going into conflict again ? 
  how do you apace the social attitudes ? 
  how are you going to make that country self-sufficient again ? 
  how do you apace your own population probably unhappy about intervention ? 
  how do you fund it ? 
  what about countries that do n't agree with intervention ? 
  are you going to ignore them and just break any international law you see fit ? 
  it 's not about russia , it 's about interventions being incredibly hard in management and really easy to mess up . 
  we really are n't miracle makers , we are n't responsible for other sovereign countries . 
  red tape over red tape . 
  yeah well , considering that was the best that international community decided to do for those countries i 'd think it pretty bad idea to ask international community for anything ever again . 
  but i kid . 
  the issue is that we are n't miracle makers . 
  international relations is awful ugly business full of weird red tape . 
  ( i would know i major in that mess ) good luck with dissolving security council :d, 
  you do n't just ` fix ' it . 
  look at how we ` fixed ' libya , iraq and afghanistan . 
  they are pretty effed . 
  and international community is pretty incompetent when they are supposed to agree on something . 
  just look at security council . 
  nothing much . 
  actually many do . 
  people here are worried but it 's not like those refugees are going to be staying here too long when germany the land of roasted pigeons on trees is just over there . 
  and good infrastructure in slovakia and growth of their economy is good for whole eu , since they are part of it . 
  just sayin . 
  well there 's never any good solution to any international crisis . 
  there are usually just bad and worse options , that are not even warranted to resolve the thing . 
  and you never know if meddling with affairs of other sovereign states is the bad or the worse one . 
  considering the fact that lots of interventions in recent years usually ended up in messed up situation and chaos it 's no wonder we see new wave of non-intervention . 
  it 's unsustainable if we always meddle and then ` chose ' who we consider to be an appropriate leader . 
  our post-intervention operations suck . 
  some would also consider it to be highly neo-colonialist . 
  lots of the terrorist groups out there are partially there because they are against western influence ( the far enemy ), 
  no , it 's definitely enough to get by . 
  when i studied in odense 2 years ago my monthly spending was about 5 945 dkk , rent included ( shared house not dorm ) . 
  if you shop smart it 's no problem . 
  they are not thinking because they do n't live in former glorious `` arstotzka '', 
  no because moravians and silesians would riot . 
  well i do pronounce key-ya in ikea ( in english ) , 
  i was really confused when i was filling out the paperwork in denmark and could n't find my country anywhere around c :d, 
  that really sounds like ikea to me :d, 
  missed opportunity for sure . 
  france was obligated to help us back in the day too . 
  ended up sacrificing us to nazi germany :d, 
  well , depends on how you define [ sexual ] ( http://www.receptyonline.cz/data/recepty/orig/2014/07/114755vajickova-pomazanka-marcela1.jpg ) . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  eh , it 's `` whipping '' but not to the point of pain . 
  you are not supposed to be hurting or bruising anybody , and if you do it 's dick move . 
  apparently some czech regions they do this but just like in the video ( which was slovak ) it 's mostly thing in slovakia . 
  i spent one easter over there and they use water or perfume . 
  oh god i smelled terrible at the end of the day @___ @ i prefer the whipping . 
  it 's fun . 
  we can pour water on them on tuesday as a revenge !, 
  i worked hard on those eggs man , painting them with wax and whatnot . 
  so he 's getting an egg no matter what . 
  well meaning they are neither mentally ill , irrational or insane . 
  so far , we have actually been unable to find a specific `` terrorist psychological profile '' and current consensus is that there is none . 
  there are mechanisms of radicalization process but lot of these are very general and similarly effective regardless of personality . 
  frustration and victimization tend to be pretty strong motivators for example . 
  nope not really . 
  ir major here , psychological research indicates that craziness is not a factor here . 
  these people are painfully sane and aware of their strategy , but they posses strong dedication to the cause and belief that the ends ( their death ) justify the means ( their goal ) . 
  there is a rational decision making behind these acts unfortunately . 
  that 's why they are especially dangerous . 
  to me it seems horrible and incomprehensible to just be able to kill another person , but to them it 's just a form of strategy ( think like kamikaze ) . 
  it 's not a concious choice either . 
  radicalisation is a continuous process that gets under your skin and your beliefs escalate before you even notice something is wrong . 
  especially because for you those beliefs are ` good ' . 
  so yes , the impressionable frustrated youth needs protecting from influences of harmful ideology .
