  man , i 'm sorry to hear that happened to you . 
  some people can be aholes . 
  by subway police you mean the ticket check or the actual police with guns ? 
  i do n't really see them as often and never saw them to talk to anyone so that seems weird they would do that . 
  personally i never saw any incidents like shouting with blacks in public transport but maybe it 's just my luck cause i never witnessed any harassment in general . 
  with black folks , at most i see people stare . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  it 's just that people do n't ever talks about guns meanwhile they ca n't shut up about their dogs . 
  it was celebrated because her actions saved the shop assistant . 
  yeah i would say we have particularly strong tradition in gun manufacturing . 
  do n't quote me on it but if i remember right we were quite strategic for nazi weapon manufacture . 
  it 's just that we do n't talk about guns much in normal life :d, 
  this is really weird for me , cause nobody ever used to talk about guns in czechia . 
  we do n't have prominent gun culture and it was always a non-issue . 
  i understand why this is a thing . 
  it 's just weird cause it opens a type of dialogue we do n't normally have cause it used to be unnecessary . 
   and after ww2 we were cheering for the soviets and replaced one totalitarian regime with another . 
  that was our choice because of the broken character ( or as some people think ) . 
  i dislike communists like the next gal , but that is super simplified version of what happened . 
  should we have embraced west after then stabbed us in the back just few years prior ? 
  not tho mention the marxist optimism of that time ( that for many lasted until the ' 68 ) was totally different thing from what it morphed into and what we see it as now . 
  in hindsight it did n't end well but at that time it was totally understandable . 
  and that 's why you should buy it to find out if it 's good or bad !, 
  czech mate !, 
   solid newspaper wall street journal pewdiepie is a nazi :d, 
  dude it 's not my fault your source did n't support your assertion . 
  isis propaganda is not predominantly aimed at white westerners , let alone poles.their online propaganda is not even in polish so it 's not like they are trying to catch their attention . 
  it 's aimed at muslim diaspora . 
  so having no muslim diaspora in your region would actually negate that issue significantly . 
  so i repeat . 
  no , there will be no islamist attack in poland from converted islamist poles . 
  nah there are n't any . 
  but i do n't think that matters within the landscape of eu . 
  the poles ( and czechs ) are being xenophobic against them exactly for the purpose of not having them in the first place so they do n't have to deal with the issues that are in the west . 
  presumably because there 's a country right next to them that has these stabbings etc. 
  and they assume the situation would not be that different . 
  imho people do n't hate foreigners per se . 
  they hate the idea of social disruption they bring . 
  it 's why czechs for example do n't mind ukrainians that much but do n't take well to russians . 
  i think that as long as ukrainians do n't stab random poles on the street at disproportionately high rate they are fine . 
  i love the irony of countries conquered by nazis being called nazi . 
   if it is about sharing the costs of the refugees , we could look into covering east europes share of the costs , by taking some of the money they get each year from western europe . 
  imho that would be understandable and most people would n't have problem with that . 
  it 's one thing to say , we need money for this thing you do n't want to do so we 're gon na take your share . 
  and it 's another to be like if you wo n't do what i say we 're gon na take your moneyz ^ ( that ^ we ^ actually ^ give ^ you ^ so ^ we ^ can ^ sell ^ you ^ crap ^ :d ), 
  only 5 of those on the list were islamists in europe . 
  one was from kosovo so not convert via internet with no prior connection to islam algerian so not convert via internet with no prior connection to islam another algerian so not convert via internet with no prior connection to islam guy from burundi so sure their islamic minority small but guess what religion his brother espoused sooo direct contact not necessarily internet even though he posted isis shit on facebook tunisian ... enuf said i mean , i tried . 
  i clicked your link to look for people that went all radical islam cause of internet , but was severely disappointed . 
  good job that you can count . 
  now read the content of your links too . 
  so no there will be no islamist attack in poland from converted islamist poles . 
  my dad that lives and works in saudi ai n't even that rich , but while he does n't speak the language and such he respects the local rule of law and culture . 
  in general people there are pretty ok . heck after several years he even converted to islam . 
  ( he 's not strict religious adherent but he 's into mystic sht in general ) so yeah ... when in rome . 
  where have you been these past years ? 
  that 's how journalism works pretty much all the time nowadays . 
  find 3-4 tweets of ppl saying random bs make a page long article about it . 
  weird , saudi abayas were pretty comfortable in 40 degrees . 
  but i would n't want to normally wear them . 
  especially in europe . 
  it 's literally counterproductive . 
  you are not supposed to bring any attention to yourself . 
  that 's what the garment is for . 
  but when you wear it in europe it has opposite effect . 
  where do these people keep getting machetes seriously ? 
  it 's not a thing you would just buy at tesco 's . 
  while i 'm not spanish i think it 's a curious piece of culture that should be somehow kept . 
  but symbolically with like robobulls so that you do n't have to hurt live animals . 
  bring the future !, 
  also their language does not consist of gurgling sounds . 
  bruh ... just do n't . 
  i really wish they could make these stats so that laymen could understand and it would be clear . 
  like just tell us what percent of crime is ` group ' responsible for vs what is the percent of ` group ' in population . 
  if you got ` group ' that 's 3 % population responsible for 12 % crime then it seems easiest to compare the proportionality and over representation in crime stats . 
  eh , just because we 're lil higher than poles does n't make it all sunshine tho . 
  they just dislike them more and there 's very few czechs abroad . 
  in comparison from what friends/family working in germany describe to me , there 's not necessarily outright aggression there but more of subtle ` you do n't belong ' attitudes of alienation . 
  also for angloshere it was n't unusual to hear czechoslovakia that 's very meh . 
  this bothers me so much . 
  it was worst on tumblr where everybody wanted middle easterners to be portrayed by the brownest of dark brown otherwise ~ whitewashing ~ but i guess it 's convenient when you need to portray people who dislike islam/political islam as ` dem racist ' . 
  cause it would n't work if they acknowledged they can be fair skinned . 
  when i was staying at an inn in ireland when we were checking out the lady asked me if we 're going back to poland after our trip . 
  i told her i 'm there on erasmus and that i 'm actually not a pole but a czech . 
  then i jokingly said something like ` but that 's really similar . ', 
  she looked me and said `` oh no . 
  a big difference ! '', 
  you could tell her subconscious approval rate of us has risen and that was really sad . 
  again i ca n't speak for slovaks , but in recently i saw comparison of prices at makro and czech lidl actually had one of highest market basket price . 
  but a comparison i saw in tv had [ fish fingers from german lidl ] ( http://imgur.com/a/mjlde ) ( not sure where the czech ones were from but i 'm guessing lidl too ) . 
  the packaging is exactly the same down to box design . 
  in this specific case there was a 10 % difference in the meat content and the czech one 's cost 6-k\u010d more . 
  i ca n't guarantee either of this info is 100 % accurate overall though . 
  western , eastern and southern slavs are recognised as valid distinct ethic groups . 
  just like sami or balts . 
  that 's not how implicit association test works . 
  iat is also horrible for measuring racism overall , and even worse when it comes to countries that are not us . 
  not to also mention that slavs are white so it does n't count us as different group . 
  only when it 's convenient . 
  that was what i was thinking . 
  she was such a pretty girl :(,
