easy for you to say , i do n't think people from balt would agree . 
  idk man , i study ir/political science in prague and i 've been at university in denmark and currently am in ireland and diversity of opinion is exactly what they want from us . 
  even got multiculturalism class this semester and it 's very obvious it 's not all just roses and peaches . 
  pretty sure that they would also say that when you are mugged in a shifty alley while drunk then you are co-responsible . 
  after all your personal safety is your responsibility . 
  at least that 's how the logic goes . 
  victim blaming and more importantly the lack of sympathy towards the rape victims is shitty though . 
  how could anyone refuse support to rape victim is beyond me . 
  it is quite strange regarding some numbers for example they say 98 % of people were not able to say the correct number of rape per year and that about 50 % said the number around + -500 rapes per year . 
  they say that an educated guess is of between 7500 and 20 000 victim , so nobody really knows . 
  the thing is that police numbers for , for example , 2012 are 669 rapes and around 489 resolved cases . 
  so that would make most people pretty accurate going by the official police data . 
  edit : but the convention itself seems sound , idk why we have n't signed it . 
  only thing that bothers me is the gender-specific language , but well girl ca n't have everything ... 
  from : * democracy , al qaeda , and the causes of terrorism : a strategic analysis of u.s. policy by michael freeman *  `` the link between economic factors and salafi , jihadi terrorism seems to be fairly weak . 
  abdullah mohammad , for example , argues that `` most , if not all , terrorism in saudi arabia and egypt can be directly linked to those countries ' foreign policies rather than local economic issues . 
  hence , it is untrue to suggest that terrorism is a result of economic factors . '' alan krueger and jitka maleckova a find that there is `` little reason for optimism that a reduction in poverty \u00b4 ... would meaningfully reduce international terrorism . 
  any connection between poverty , education and terrorism is indirect , complicated and probably quite weak . 
  according to daniel pipes , `` conventional wisdom points to militant islam attracting the poor , the alienated and the marginal -- but research finds precisely the opposite to be true . '' this apparent lack of empirical connection between poverty and terrorism is also echoed by the research of alberto abadie , who finds that the `` terrorist risk is not significantly higher for poorer countries . '' if terrorism is not clearly caused by poverty , then even if democracy led to economic growth , it would still probably have no impact on terrorism . '' also terrorism and global security by martha crenshaw is imho very good - she identifies main factors of terrorism as globalization , democracy/lack of , violent political conflict and ideology or religion as main sources of terrorism . 
  i can not give you links to those , they are part of my international security readings i get them from uni . 
  while there is a debate within the academic circles the results are mixed . 
  there is no strong evidence of causal link between poverty and terrorism and the debate is shifting away from poverty as causal factor . 
  but we have plenty cases of well educated terrorist from upper and middle class families . 
  very often university educated are used against what we call `` hard targets '' such as was the case with 9/11 hijackers . 
  [ terrorists in their own words : interviews with 35 incarcerated middle . 
  eastern terrorists by jerrold posta , ehud sprinzak & laurita dennyb ] ( http://www.pol-psych.com/downloads/terrorists%20in%20own%20words%20terr%20and%20pol%20violence.pdf ) is quite interesting insight into motivations to join terrorist group . 
  [ education , poverty , political violence and terrorism : is there a causal connection ? 
  by alan b. krueger and jitka maleckova ] ( http://www.rochester.edu/college/psc/clarke/214/krueger03.pdf ) from : [ poverty , political freedom , and the roots of terrorism by alberto abadie ] ( http://www.nber.org/papers/w10859.pdf )  however , recent empirical studies have challenged the view that poverty creates terrorism . 
  using u.s. state department data on transnational terrorist attacks , krueger and laitin ( 2003 ) and piazza ( 2004 ) find no evidence suggesting that poverty may generate terrorism . 
  in particular , the results in krueger and laitin ( 2003 ) suggest that among countries with similar levels of civil liberties , poor countries do not generate more terrorism than rich countries . 
  also , i am a she . 
  to play the devils advocate . 
  that is what they say now . 
  before that it was 1500 , before that it was 600 and before that 250 . 
  there 's already been talk about possible 7500 . 
  the thing is that we do n't know if it 's a one time thing with this few refugees . 
  and that is what upsets people . 
  because eu can just anytime decide to throw more at us . 
  it never sounded good in theory . 
  most ir theorists do n't even make a case for eu federation ( and go for other means of integration ) . 
  it might if a country takes it to ecj . 
  there are still proper treaties that we signed that eu is sidestepping with these quota decisions . 
  but more probably cz will just cave in and agree to quotas in the end . 
  ( unless someone declares referendum for leaving eu but there is no precedent for that ), 
  well arguably due to schengen rich western countries are those in more danger , even if you send them to hungary they 'll just make an easy trip . 
  ee is n't such a politically attractive target ( except for the jewish communities there , those are always `` welcome '' target for radicals ), 
  terrorism has nothing to do with poverty . 
  there 's been plenty of case studies on that . 
  weeeell , technically at least 3 of them studied at university in germany and were in us since year before the attack . 
  so that would make them radical immigrants . 
  kcd is indeed czech-based . 
  but we already got famous with mafia , so we let poland shine with witcher now :d, 
  there 's no shame in mobile and f2p honestly . 
  it might not be `` core '' market , but it 's still super important computer games market . 
  czechoslovakia ... seriously ? 
  this is 2015 is n't it ? 
  this is n't necessarily about taking responsibilities , we agreed to help on voluntary level . 
  this is about being forced into responsibilities via blackmail . 
  heh , it never occured to me that we actually got our own version of the n-word :d, 
  i do n't hear a beep from czech feminists saying crazy things . 
  the western ones are in the news every other week :d but yes of course there are crazies everywhere . 
  it 's just that the us issues are megaphoned to us the most , being a global hegemony and what not :p, 
  which is sad , cause they technically do n't have to be . 
  intersectional feminism 's main point is that `` remember that there are other women than white middle class ones '' and look at the issues they are facing too . 
  yup i got susan moller okin 's * is multiculturalism bad for women ? 
  * on my syllabus this semester . 
  lot of the traditional societies are patriarchal so the groups that wish to keep their ` traditional values ' do so at the expenses of womens rights and freedoms . 
  so the point is that the freedom to one 's culture should not overshadow the women 's freedoms . 
  fgm is just the top of that iceberg really . 
  ayaan hirsi ali would probably be the most prominent contemporary example of feminist criticizing multicultural movements for ignoring the plights of these women , living third world lives in the first world countries . 
  ( they are not exactly popular within the ` progressive ' clique though ), 
  hungary is n't barring syrians from entering . 
  they just want them to enter via legit border checkpoint and not a forest . 
  that 's what the fence is for . 
  germoney so great , passport not required !, 
  eh , member countries already secede part of their sovereignty to the eu , and with schengen their border sovereignty especially . 
  supranational organizations are already all about undermining national sovereignty ^ ^ ; ;, 
  there is a qualified majority voting . 
  and germany is not alone , they got sweden , austria , france , italy and greece etc. 
  at their back . 
  v4 ( cz , hun , sk , pol ) and uk are the primary ones against . 
  so yeah they can outvote us . 
  it 's fine , we replenished our roma population from slovakia . 
  actually you are correct in that he is using quite similar political rationale . 
  he just did n't ask anyone first , 
  cause the irrational are the ones shouting the loudest . 
  esp the activists in us . 
  more people hear about feminist ` critique ' of manspreading than the feminist critique of multiculturalism . 
  free the nipple !, 
  you do n't need a ladder as long as it 's not her mouth that you are kissing :p it 's a win win ... 
  we do it on purpose have n't you noticed ? 
  most of them are not successfully deported though . 
  like 6 out of 10 them manage to stay anyway , only 39 % of deportations were enforced in 2014 . 
  that 's usually pretty normal for international treaties . 
  they are nice and fine when nothing is happening , but especially strong countries that can just shrug off the consequences will stop respecting them the moment it they becomes disadvantageous for them . 
  yeah , germany and austria are only pretending to be western while they are actually central like the rest of us :p, 
  probably cheaper too , costs of living in western europe are crazy high . 
  and nobody is surprised . 
  poor romanians , they are not even in schengen . 
  that is actually a relevant piece of information , neat .
