  which surprised nobody ever honestly . 
  they look pretty great on those guys i must say . 
  you are presuming that russians are well liked here . 
  they do count , but it 's not like we can do anything about it . 
  there 's actually less russians in kv these past few years , they 're leaving apparently . 
  ya mean franz for president ? 
  depends really . 
  prague is very cosmopolitan and imho that 's fine people from all kinds of places live here . 
  but it 's not really multicultural , it 's still distinctly czech place . 
  you mean like dublin iii ? 
  well them being here caused us to loose pretty big chunk of our territory resulting in our occupation , does n't really make a good case for social cohesion under multiculturalism . 
  not necessarily under official refugee status tho . 
  offfff cooourse he does . 
  well you are probably right . 
  then again we got a whole pornhub category just for ourselves . 
  this . 
  spotify and steam sales are why i get music and games only legally these days . 
  tv and movies are troublesome though cause there still is n't a good service here . 
  netflix launched here with painfully tiny library . 
  with my backlog i can afford to wait till they go on reasonable sale ... to get more stuff for my backlog . 
  engineering pays the bucks . 
  itc pays are pretty much the best they are around here . 
  west helped them fck up and then scolded them for it  <, 
   but that 's only for eu citizens , which refugees are not . 
  afaik they do n't care . 
  which is why there 's cases where they have been disappearing from ee countries they were relocated to , presumably towards germany . 
  lisbon was signed after eastern enlargement . 
  and all of that went out of window the moment eu countries said fck dublin system and all those other asylum policies we had in place till now . 
  majority of czechs are eurosceptic tho . 
  last year there was a suicide bomber at a [ kurdish wedding party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/august_2016_gaziantep_bombing ) in turkey . 
  many children dead . 
  terrorists do n't give a damn . 
  you guys are everywhere these past few years @__ @ prague was full of russians already now it 's full of ukrainians too :d but they seem to pick up language pretty fast that 's cool . 
  but being racist itself is not and should not be illegal . 
  that 's like an epitome of thought crime . 
  that 's why we have hate speech laws and not racist laws . 
  i really wonder how we are illiberal democracy . 
  i though you were going to say there 's nothing more european than chronic alcoholism :d, 
  idk where you went but mcd here is pretty expensive unless you are getting the teeny tiny cheeseburger . 
  if you are having a menu set you might as well eat at restaurant . 
  is media still peddling that bs ? 
  academia has settled on poverty as non-factor quite some time ago . 
   errrrm corrupt politicians ? 
  check  a line that has been planned ... for almost a decade 1987 - check  and vietnamese markets check  ridiculously high rents check , though apparently foreigners think they are pretty cheap :d yup sounds about right . 
   the man was reported to have said `` this is for syria '' . 
  here 's what i do n't get . 
  that guy was apparently algerian . 
  why the fuck does he care about syria so much . 
  that 's like me shouting `` this is for poland . '', 
  low salaries i would say . 
  we 're used us as cheap labour force with high productivity and good education , which makes our unemployment super low but we all also get shitty pays . 
  oh and food quality has been a hot topic cause apparently food producers claim that we prefer to have less tomatoes in our ketchup than westerners do . 
  i do n't know man , he touched babi\u0161 , no way he 's squeaky . 
  also he might not outright lie but he says only the things you want to hear only at times it 's beneficial for him . 
  / cry, 
  as long as us wo n't decide to mistakenly bomb us we 're good . 
  well we got no terrorism so we got that luxury . 
  this . 
  and i really do n't see the point in asking czechs if that name has ` caught on ' it 's not like we 're the ones using it . 
  why the hell are they asking us :d, 
  well enjoy your dirty windows mate . 
  i do n't think so . 
  we 're simply not an interesting target for them , it seems the authorities are only worried about one particular street in prague that is in jewish town . 
  they would have to go out of their way to czechia cause funnily enough one of the main reasons security people were saying it 's less likely is the low number of muslim population living here . 
  they are about as common as black people which is not at all . 
  i think lot of people tend to forget that we do n't only take mena refugees ( the 12 of them plus here and there out of quota system ) , but that we also took quite a lot of people from ukraine . 
  it 's not bombed to hell but there 's still war there . 
  well then they wo n't get the citizenship , wo n't be able to vote or change stuff and can be deported when they are making a mess . 
  problem with these guys seems to be that apparently they are british citizens so nothing can be done against them . 
  hmmm , i see . 
  it 's still weird that they do n't try to rectify their situation through already available means like the paperwork mentioned earlier , getting russian citizenship or taking steps towards latvian one . 
  it would bother me personally . 
  nah do n't worry , kobliha and his conglomerate is gon na take over czechia . 
  nothing patriotic about that guy . 
  not funding sa does n't mean we have to fund iran tho . 
  but their original nationality is russian no ? 
  russia is a successor state to ussr and they came from ussr , therefore they should have a right to russian citizenship ? 
  do they just not want that or what ? 
  we do n't need more russians man . 
  how come they do n't have russian citizenship automatically ? 
  they should share that with their parents cause their parents are citizens , no ? 
  i know there 's some weird arrangement but i just assumed the kids are russian . 
  they hated our guts over some land . 
  but seems they got over it . 
  on the other hand cz is not really target tho . 
  and just because we would shelter them does n't mean we need to give them the citizenship and keep them here indefinitely . 
  good thing we 're parallel to austria and not to the east of them !, 
  pretty sure czechs do n't , we generally do n't emigrate much according to stats . 
  and poles are not our problem . 
  that would cause a revolt . 
  i 'm not necessarily against immigration itself . 
  but only properly integrated people should get citizenship through naturalisation . 
  jus soli is imho quite unstable predicament in this day an age . 
  portugal is already an honorary ee member . 
  swiss just found a guy guilty for liking a facebook post . 
  i 'm sure they 'll figure something out . 
  imho that 's big part of the tragedy and i feel bad for those people . 
  these guys came to europe to escape this kind of bs yet europe is failing them by tolerating these extremists . 
  but why go to paul 's for cakes when i can go to sv\u011btozor @__ @ paul 's macarons are not gluten free that was a biggest disappointment for me cause that means quality is probably meh for the price . 
  well slovenia has only 2mil people so that per capita is not as spread .
