  i 'm really not fond these big generalizations be it ee or slavs . 
  often especially when people ignore the fact that slavs also have subcategory of eastern , western and southern that have evolved under completely different influences . 
  that 's probably got more to do with communism hating on religion rather than on ethnicity though . 
  at least here . 
  as if we did n't have enough immigrants from the east now we get bloody immigrants from the west !, 
  reich masses are invading i tell ya !, 
   you can watch porn like 12 hours a day though you might consider looking for some help mr. fapperman24, 
  there 's been porn in society for as long as people could write and draw . 
  heck even tell stories really . 
  and fulfillment of sexual urges could easily be considered a basic human need . 
  so yeah , that one is definitely easier with porn . 
  does n't really matter if it 's girl getting off on fanfiction or guy getting off on video . 
  [ please do n't bomb us we are your nato allies . 
  ] ( http://www.cc.com/video-clips/t1yjc3/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart-arrest-development ), 
  all the hot plumbers are still in poland so we 're good over here . 
  maybe you could use one of those fancy eu grants to speed things up with the power of germoney, 
  eeeh , not necessarily , i do meet lot of international students not just those from europe . 
  and japanese or morrocans probably do n't have such need for knowing smaller european states . 
  but from that irish lady last week it seemed weird , even if she was middle-aged xd, 
  others i get but what makes dentists want to kill themselves ? 
  i was surprised to read that poland is biggest exporter of apples  that 's pretty neat !, 
  yeah yeah , it 's all our fault . 
  but pretty sure those kscm 14 % all over the rest of the country got something to do with that too :d brno never seemed bad in regards to lgbt but then again i did n't see parades either . 
  well just say it 's a normal marriage and anyone can have it regardless of sex . 
  then it 's not gay marriage . 
  win win !, 
  i was thinking that too . 
  in 2014 we supposedly had 51 % in support of same sex marriage but 72 % were pro registered-partnership . 
  wonder why the difference even matters to those 21 % of people . 
  it 's a valid english alternative to czech rep. 
  it 's just not as commonly used . 
  most people seem to not have noticed . 
  2nd erasmus now and i still get regularly asked about how things are in czechoslovakia . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't know that . 
  i get why we detain them , they are in our territory illegally after all and they refuse to register or propose asylum . 
  but i never really understood why they are supposed to pay for being involuntary detentained . 
  that seems just ridiculous . 
  since when do we make prisoners pay for their stay in prison ? 
  you are doing what lotsa czech tend to do , by thinking we are somehow special in this . 
  i 'm in ireland atm and they have this huge thing about water charges going on . 
  there 's been a rail strike , there 's been a bus strike . 
  and everybody is complaining about shitty politics and terrible politicians not doing enough . 
  pretty much every eu country has some regional political issue or another to deal with . 
  we have it just as bad , but not really much worse . 
  just vote tomio man . 
  that 's gon na solve all our problems with that :d, 
  shit , that number is already on 4300 ? 
  it was 1700 the last i checked . 
  which is the issue people have with the quota ... that number just keeps getting higher and higher . 
  but nah , it 's not a shift in opinion because of just the refugees , many people did n't like and wanted to leave eu even before the 2014 . 
  i do n't personally , but i am being quite indecisive with the current situation going on . 
  but this is like ... / r/europe / man . 
  we have to adhere to certain standards !, 
  it does comes up quite often in feminist ir theories . 
  there is a school of feminist thought that proposes that women would create more peaceful international society , because the way we do it now is inherently masculine . 
  the opposing school of feminist believes that women are similar in the leadership capabilities and bring up pretty much most of significant female rulers were involved in wars . 
  think of your elizabeths , catherines and mary theresies , heck even merkel . 
  their decision making as female rulers were not significantly different than that of their male counterparts . 
  sure you might have risk averse female rulers but there would be just as many examples of peaceful or weak male rulers . 
  some would just argue that they need masculine qualities to be successful in masculine led ir system , but those qualities might just as well be what we generally look for in leaders rather than them being inherently masculine . 
  considering the fact that we have no reason to believe that women as political leaders behave softer or even differently i 'd say he might be  but many people , including some feminist scholars do indeed think that women have softer and more peaceful approaches , even if it seems to contradict lots of historical realities . 
  heck , female leaders tend to start or be involved in wars quite often . 
  i think we 've been recently accused of deporting more people than we actually do . 
  so it seems to balance out somewhere . 
  russia is that weird-ass uncle everybody tries to avoid at family gatherings . 
  not all schools can afford 2 menus . 
  my school had only one dish , take it or leave it . 
  when we had horseradish or a fish i just had to deal . 
  many schools are not even able to accommodate coeliac children and their lives are actually in danger . 
  just do n't take pork and eat the rest of the stuff on the plate ( of which you can get extra ) , do n't expect their tradition to overrule thousand years old tradition of their host culture eating pork and enjoying that lovely lovely bacon . 
  there 's that blue card . 
  the ehic . 
  at least we all got that and can use it in other eu countries . 
  but idk how-non-eu people would be allowed . 
  i would n't even know how to pay for regular hospital stuff that 's normally covered in insurance . 
  the problem the most people have is that if they did indeed find out that there was sexual abuse or any kind of abuse they should prosecute the parents . 
  but they did n't find anything , court decided no wrongdoing but they still took the kids . 
  which is shifty . 
  til, 
  idk man , when my favourite butcher is closed 2 times a week i do n't go to another butcher , i just buy my meat on a different day . 
  the quality is worth it . 
  if it 's not a good bakery not even being open on sunday is gon na make me buy there . 
  justified does n't automatically mean morally right  it was understandable thing to do certainly . 
  not necessarily a good thing to do . 
  nationalism and fascism are not things exclusive to hitler and his slav-hating fans even thought their train of thought parallels his . 
  for more just look at japanese imperialism . 
  black magics ~ ~, 
  i did see it used by pretty ok people who are left leaning but feel alienated by the crazy left extremists , who , as rubin put it , are kinda like tea party of the left . 
  and nawaz who popularized the term is n't exactly alt-right tinfoil 4chanist either . 
  not a dude . 
  yup . 
  read it . 
  you have opinion on trump i got it . 
  first things first . 
  i do n't like the guy , k ? 
  i 'm just offering explanations not defending whoever . 
  i expected her to win . 
  everybody did . 
  but sure he 's a clown and non-politician .
