  that was actually plus for him tho cause he was anti-establishment . 
  hell bush was a clown and he was a politician , did n't stop people from voting him in 2 times !, 
  media still fucked up by making all the talk about pussies and racists and none about the policies . 
  plenty of people are sick of hearing about white men being responsible for all evil of the world . 
  i do n't care about white men . 
  i care about ttip and russia , and she sure as hell wanted to poke russia right in the eye . 
  and most rural americans do n't give a damn about lgbt issues or them rape cultures on campuses , they want a job and food on a table , and she did n't look like she was gon na help . 
  it 's easy cause people are simple . 
  they are not evil for looking out after their own . 
  bigots are a fringe on both sides , you are doing disservice to the regular voter by focusing on those idiots . 
  now we all got ta hope trump does n't fuck up . 
  who knows , maybe he 'll be decent . 
  ok so first media was demonizing clintons now you say that of course they are demonizing trump . 
  apparently neither media or you can make up their mind . 
  well that 's rich , considering how all of the bloody media , including the right-wing fox news and the like all absolutely hated donald ` hitler ' trump and hilary was to be the saint and saviour :d, 
  most people are somewhere in the middle . 
  people have all kinds of valid reasons , there 's not really 60\u00a0000\u00a0000 bigoted misogynistic white supremacists in us . 
  more importantly . 
  people in the centre do n't have to vote for trump . 
  they just have to not vote for hilary , is all . 
  apathy towards clinton was all around . 
   but a not insignificant amount of them are exactly that . 
  but it 's not about the dumb bigoted right-wingers . 
  they would have voted trump anyway . 
  it 's about the undecided people in the centre , it 's about people that are left leaning that are grouped with dumb bigoted right-wingers because they are not ` progressive ' enough . 
  media is alienating lot of these people that are not douchebags , but are somewhere in the middle , and just cause they are not 100 % devoted they are grouped with the trashy people . 
  media utterly failed this election . 
  nobody even talked about stuff like policy or whatever , they did n't care , it was all muh emails and muh pussy . 
  they made trump into satan and everybody who even dared to consider voting him , or at least not voting hilary was ` evil ' . 
  it 's annoying and it 's alienating . 
  there 's difference between ensuring you win , and knowing you ca n't win whether you vote or not . 
  the point is still same . 
  people would change their voting habits , and politicians campaign tactics in regards to the way the political system works . 
  therefore saying she won popular vote does n't mean much , cause she won it in system where popular vote does n't matter and everybody knew that beforehand . 
  ca n't really say that for sure . 
  cause if the system was about popular vote people would probably have different voting practices . 
  more republicans in caly and democrats in texas would probably go vote . 
  number of people do n't bother in locked states . 
  ye , imho if trump was running against sanders things would n't have ended this way . 
  but way too many people were sick of hilary and media 's `` ya 'll sexist , racist , homophobic , white bigots '' scaremongering bs caring about agenda politics more than they cared about presenting solutions to the troubled working classes that do n't give a damn about gender neutral toilets . 
  and that bit them in their gender neutral assess . 
  i 'm ok with our gun control laws , i never though of them as ` loose ' certainly . 
  most people except hunters do n't really get guns tho . 
  we just do n't have that type of gun culture and number of issued permits is going down . 
  i have one friend with permit but no gun . 
  the procedure to get the permit and all that stuff around is annoying , so unless you are really into guns you just do n't bother . 
  and if you 're criminal it 's not like you bother with legal weapon . 
  it worked for them before . 
   this comment when women are being the majority of something but never when men are that 's generally because on the silly emphasis that they are women and that it 's important that they are women . 
  as if it 's important that they are women rather than good negotiator . 
  i cringe every time i see that , particularly as a woman . 
  in theory it lessens one self-esteem over their good work , cause in many cases it implies that you dunno if you got picked cause you good or cause of quota . 
  i know they just wan na celebrate gender parity but still it 's somewhat weird for me . 
  but on the other hand i find this in particular quite hilarious and i think it 's nice gesture . 
  overall it does n't influence anything else . 
  i think s/he might mean condensation . 
  condensation of condescension . 
  i find him ok-ish . 
  but he really seems to step up the preachy , especially in comparison to stewart and colbert . 
  it falls under the first articles . 
  you got right of free expression ( of yourself ) , liberty , dignity and security of person . 
  generally it 's understood/interpreted from these you have a right to personal autonomy and self-determination . 
  under which the bodily integrity would count , as in nobody can do something to your body you did not consent . 
  trouble here is often that parents are responsible for the child as it 's no able to give consent legally speaking . 
  but then again you would n't be able to tattoo a hamburger onto your kid . 
  probably true as she was not civilian per se . 
  but with how wide the definition of terrorism is the political assassination could count . 
  make kkk great again ? 
  might have something to do with slovakia joining the ` wrong ' side of that particular war . 
  could be bisexual trio where everyone satisfies everyone !, 
  win win . 
  sadly they are more likely to go to the later when victimized ... such as being arrested for tweeting . 
  they will run around italy and greece mainland , lot of them get stuck there . 
  they 'd probably prefer them on an island . 
  it 's not functional it 's a museum man . 
  i feel certain divide between the western slavs , southern slavs and eastern slavs . 
  for us , we were for centuries under germanic or austrian influence ( rather than ottoman or russian ) which is where the idea of austro-slavism came from , i 'd say i identify more with that . 
  i feel closer to v4 countries cause of shared history than to say , belarus or serbia . 
   fundamentally antithetical to the human spirit . 
  necessity causes discomfort but it also drives adventurism , curiosity , industry , temperance and wisdom . 
  well there 's always those who want more money to buy nicer things than you can afford from ubi . 
  there 's also people that are naturally creative but perhaps prevented by the need to work . 
  personally i 'm able to do phd/housewaifu only cause my fiance is able to support us both otherwise i would have to work . 
  and doing phd seems like good way to spend that energy . 
  not ` doing anything ' at all is really boring . 
  perhaps you might have to be a country 's national to be eligible for ubi to discourage that behaviour . 
  asylum wellfare could be kept the way it is for the needs of non-nationals in danger in their own countries . 
  this is terrible . 
  but also so confusing . 
  you need to be a special kind of messed up for this probably . 
  who 's even buying these people ? 
  how do you even buy people ? 
  where are they in their day to day existence ? 
   but you are compelled by your culture no . 
  i just told you i am compelled by the reason of not liking my surname and liking my fianc\u00e9es surname better . 
  if my surname was better i 'd wan na go with that ` culture ' be damned . 
  and gradually some women do too . 
  it 's practical because it 's more useful to have unified name rather than two different ones , since the society was patriarchal it was along the male line . 
  nowadays it 's a thing we do cause we 're used to it and many people do n't have reason to change it , but if they wanted to they can . 
  i did n't say it 's less sexist than wearing a hijab cause i do n't think either one of those is necessarily sexist .
