  yup . 
  czechs living at the border shop in germany cause they say it 's overall cheaper for better quality . 
   at the same time , everyone has an obligation to respond in a humanitarian crisis . 
  i was just thinking about this today and imho people would be more receptive in ee if there was reassurance from the side of eu that this is all temporary and that the humanitarian crisis and the need for refuge will eventually pass . 
  nobody has said what is actually going to happen to refugees once the war in syria is over ( the most relevant issue we should care about atm ) . 
  logic would have it that they would return or be returned to their country cause their refugee status is temporary for the war time . 
  however the way it is presented and seen by czech people is : `` here are your new citizens , take care of them forever . '', 
  which for homogeneous nations that are on top of it struggling to keep up and catch up is n't exactly brightest of pictures . 
  i 'm sure baltic states have , especially after their experience with ussr has been nothing but rainbows and sunshine just like for the rest of cee . 
  i do n't mind cosmopolitanism but i kinda do n't wan na be america 2.0 . 
  i am really missing the option of : `` it 's complicated . '', 
  the fact that jews are fleeing from europe a should probably ring alarm bells but apparently nah . 
  i feel so bad for them :(, 
  i would n't be attracted to zeman if you paid me million crowns . 
   the defenestrations of prague it 's a friendly local tradition . 
  if we already have our own shitheads doing this i do n't need them to bring more . 
  you ca n't deport your own citizens . 
  it 's cause he 's hot :d, 
  oh no , my heart is bleeding because of trolling douche . 
  oh god that reminds me of his previous campaign against kebab . 
  [ this is your wife depending on how many kebabs you eat a year . 
  so you think aum shinrikyo is somehow gon na come back from dead to attack prague metro ? 
  nah , it 's obvious it means islamic terrorism . 
  adding another word is redundant and would ruin the slogan . 
  this is pr after all . 
  there 's paying taxes and then there 's the horrible bureaucracy they fcked us up with . 
  or rather the bureaucracy would be fine ( though annoying ) if a single mistake on any of those papers you need to do monthly would n't mean those bloody fines with no benevolence to honest mistake . 
  the knowledge of the context makes it even funnier imo . 
  i remember drinking tea in company of our saudi tour guy and listening to his casual reasoning about why women should n't drive cars . 
  like it was super obvious stuff that woman would n't be capable of solving her car trouble and such . 
  it was such a surreal experience for the young lady me . 
  in contrast my grandpa and dad do n't seem to have exactly high opinion of women 's capabilities either , but it 's subtle stuff . 
  they would n't think of us as that helpless . 
   i speak for the whole of europe please do n't speak for me you sound unpleasant . 
  you 're not thinking orwellian enough man . 
  us actions were massively frowned upon and decried by international community , but the deed was also done . 
  international organisations are super slow in taking action . 
  only reason they hold together is that member states somehow agree they will follow the rules because otherwise there 's chance of chaos . 
  but the io themselves are bad at enforcing anything . 
  unsc is basically deadlock . 
  honestly over here it 's about the fact that our cost of living is 1/2 of germans but our pays are 1/4 . 
  we do n't need german pays when we 'll earn 1/2 we 'll be fine but we do n't . 
  un : no wars with iraq !, 
  funnily enough since slavic languages have pretty much everything gendered our comrades were too . 
  soudruh and soudru\u017eka . 
  you just . 
  seriously . 
  not really . 
  i 'm just waiting for it to be ` citizens ' just like in proper dystopian nightmare :d, 
  i 'm just saying that people like my grandma live in a village with literally one tiny shop . 
  they do n't have 8 different ketchups to choose from . 
  they have two tops . 
  this is n't just processed food . 
  slovaks had issues with stuff like cheese and cinnamon of all things . 
  sometimes pretty [ epic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j_y12rqelm&amp;list=plfttt4xjewkqjyyh9m2vwwxqg94tueer1&amp;index=7 ) sometimes kurwa \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  league of legends tournament . 
  yeah i get that sentiment , i am pretty food conscious too . 
  this issue does n't really affect me much personally . 
  but i can also afford it and do live in capital where there 's ton of options . 
  however some people either due to ignorance , money or location just do n't have those options . 
  poor/disadvantaged/rural people do n't need the stick shorter than they already have . 
  we actually have some ` testing shows ' that are becoming more popular where they take bunch of products and compare quality/price/content . 
  the tea one was pretty horrific . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not buying prepacked tea anymore . 
  i do n't think it matters it 's junk food , even then it just means that our garbage junk food is probably still more garbage than normal junk food :d, 
  depends , the ones in the [ news report ] ( http://imgur.com/a/mjlde ) i watched were 6czk more expensive and had 10 % less fish . 
  i bet there 's some stuff more expensive in germany or similar price , but when you adjust to purchasing power ( we have waaaaay lower wages ) then it 's still ridiculous . 
  of course we prefer less fish in our fish sticks . 
  i mean sure we it 's all over the news and people keep complaining . 
  but the companies can read our minds and see the truth !!, 
   they know that we wo n't vote for the far right parties that actually want to do something about it ... 
  yet . 
  people can be fickle . 
  the product you are comparing is inaccurate . 
  [ these are the ones 's that were in the news . 
  as you can see they bought them in german lidl . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/mjlde ) the packaging is exactly the same down to box design . 
  in this specific case there was a 10 % difference in the meat content and the czech one 's cost 6-k\u010d more . 
  meanwhile we also have 4 times lower wages . 
  the iglo ones are another similar case . 
  nah , they are just so far in their ivory tower they do n't realize how low the wages is cee are . 
  slovakia did accept eur and they have the same issue . 
  so ... find another excuse ? 
  luckily i was comparing to german one :d hfcs and corn syrup bleh . 
  child labour ?!, 
  so what ? 
  this is capitalism . 
  most people do n't even know how protein and carbs work . 
  they also do n't have direct comparison to other markets so probably think ` this is the best they can do ' . 
  they believe the ` western ' brand as some quality measure . 
  but just because consumer is ignorant does n't mean consumer does n't deserve protection . 
  it 's shitty practice regardless of state tbh . 
  at least my heinz ketchup seems to have same ingredients ( and amounts ) . 
  man , i hardly buy stuff with 87 % meat . 
  65 % seems just ... ugh . 
  nah , complaining about this should lead to consumer protection measures and create awareness and pressure on companies so that capitalism can do it 's work . 
  also capitalism ought to be criticized when it leads to exploitation . 
  plenty of brown indians working at ibm and restaurants that are non-issue for people . 
  depends on how many you plan to spend in beer induced coma . 
  that 's because our shopping options improve significantly in bigger cities .
