  that would mean that we are just shoving the problem onto turkey though . 
  the motivation to leave is still pretty high when your country is in state of war or riddled with terror . 
  ( not talking about the crisis economic free-riders , but legit ppl ), 
  not much , but the doctors in the public sector earn very little too . 
  that 's why many of both run away to germany . 
  it wo n't be solved this way , we would just be mitigating the signs of the trouble - which is that these people 's motivation to go to europe is bigger than to stay at home for various reasons . 
  still better than this mess right now though . 
  at least you `` returned '' the rest of the country back :d, 
  well that 's very simplified . 
  he was a german-speaking jew , born in bohemia that was part of austria-hungary . 
  you sure you are not misreading said ? 
  these ideas are certainly not as drastic . 
  cause one of the main points of the text is also the subjectivity of the culture 's perspective and that the way west does things , is not the only way to do things . 
  his historical reading of orientalism as concept where people had this image of what the culture was they forcefully projected onto the region is also pretty valid . 
  there is a counter text to said called occidentalism . 
  it 's pretty good read too . 
  as normal in academia every piece is kinda silly and quite outrageous but mainly it 's a dialogue . 
  maybe in us they teach this whole good/evil . 
  but for me these text were always a doorway to dialogue on what works and what does n't and why . 
  oh yeah , i remember when i visited egypt i was harassed several times . 
  and i was like 14-15 at the time . 
  if we are ` provoking ' them with the winter clothes on i dread the summer . 
  idiot . 
  i do n't see how one could loose a case with a defense like that !, 
  i was referring to the article but you are right and i do indeed find it very strange . 
  hospitality seemed to be a pretty big deal when i was in saudi . 
  i remember we even got tea while at a carpet shop . 
  carpet shop of all places . 
  but it 's probably differs country from country there . 
  my experiences from egypt were vastly different than in saudi . 
  what 's bad about milk and cheese sandwiches i wonder ? 
  he could do nikah misyar a temporary form of marriage that people use for prostitution . 
  then it 's all nice and halal . 
  it 's pretty widespread way to go around the ` sin ' of fornication . 
  i never had a car in 24 years of my life sir , so i followed my desire and i stole it !, 
  we have it similar . 
  germany is right next door so nobody even looks at us . 
  do n't you have to give prints everytime you ask for asylum ? 
  shengen system should be able to tell whether you already asked for asylum once in any country no ? 
  being a stay at home wife is n't the issue here . 
  the part of `` she certainly wo n't go to discos '' is . 
  i do housekeeping no prob , but i do what i want and go out with whom i want . 
  so do asian waifu . 
  unless they hide their money in a shoe box . 
  i never understood the hate for jews . 
  back during the feudalism times , sure . 
  but nowadays i 'm like , wtf why ? 
  wanting to rob these children of the joy of bacon is a travesty !, 
  they should remove 4/5 of their presidents then . 
  even the ` yay end slavery ' lincoln was supposedly racist . 
  not vacation but i have been considering erasmus in turkey . 
  but there were some bombing attacks then so i reconsidered and went to ireland instead . 
  it was n't only the attacks but i did n't really feel safe in general going there as a girl . 
  yup cause everybody under the great shroud of communism was a comrade !, 
  that 's how we all got pretty significant vietnamese minority . 
  well they wanted to work here right ? 
  the siberian `` employment camps '' are great for that or so i hear !, 
  cultural misunderstanding my ass . 
  you did n't pay to marry her you have no business touching her . 
   when i see women in 100 degree heat wearing black burqas , my blood boils . 
  they are actually pretty comfy to wear during hot weather , sure it 's 43c so everyone is dying from heat but they are more practical than they would seem . 
  when i was in sa i was wearing abaya both in dry and hot riyadh and hot and humid jeddah and that was summer where average is 110f/43c . 
  without it i would feel like burning to crisp . 
  hijab is especially godsend against sunstroke . 
  but yeah that 's about it , love my european skirts and hats , and most of all mild weather . 
  you can pay for the language programmes tho , so that you lessen the financial burden of learning the language . 
  which is what lotsa governments are actually doing too . 
  many countries also have the ` you ca n't be citizen unless you speak language ' rules . 
  if anywhere they are on the chip . 
  the hard part only has photo and state symbol hologram . 
  not really but if you get lucky you get to live in a fancy walled off residential compound in a [ villa ] ( http://granada-village.com/gall5.html ) with a nice [ local gym ] ( http://granada-village.com/gall14.html ) and [ free pools ] ( http://granada-village.com/gall7.html ) . 
  damn i miss those pools . 
  not really you are only damned if you do when nobody asked you do . 
  but the border countries have been sufficiently complaining and asking eu for help so if eu does it 's legit . 
  cause that 's how interference is supposed to work . 
  it 's 20,000 actually . 
  and they 've been there only 40 years . 
  around 61,000 in czech . 
  you got ta count on the fact we 've been a one country when they came and more stayed at our side . 
  it 's a lot more than anyone around here is used to at least . 
  well hungarians and slovaks are n't exactly best buddies . 
  everyone else seems fine though . 
  croatia 's got you covered !, 
  stay strong france . 
  please be safe now and in next days everyone . 
  * eat no good , every day spaghetti and macaroni , every day , not good . 
  most people are n't exactly covered in the blanket while having sex though . 
  it 's not exactly comfy to move around with a blanket on your back . 
  while i do n't posses a penis , i do know you do n't really need that much lube to make it slick , if you are using a hand cream for example the skin will absorb it eventually . 
  but if you are concerned about mess would n't a cum under your blanket be much more pressing issue ? 
  yes , czech , and in my case also a woman . 
  i have visited my dad in the country while i must say their opinions of women are not exactly highest and one is sometimes restricted in their freedoms the people themselves were always quite polite and courteous . 
  but their social mentality is very different , so perhaps many people are not as comfortable with the cultural differences . 
  it 's probably similar with czechs , being fed up with outside influences they expect `` when in rome ... '' and are skeptical or even suspicious over cultural differences cause last time we had strong multiculti we lost sudetenland :d, 
   saudi arabia 's result is no surprise and i do n't need to explain it . 
  idk man . 
  my dad is an expat in sa for 10 years now . 
  he tried to go to uk but promptly ran away back to sa because of how unfriendly and unpleasant uk 's medical system was . 
  depends on who you are really . 
  anyone from west  anyone from cee  malaysians & co.  pakistani 2nd class citizens .
