i guess it 's cold there most of the time, 
  home, 
  i believe you , but the question was how i can identify people from my country and so far i had a 100 % success rate with this . 
  when you see backpacker in europe with huge backpacks from the brand `` deuter '' , they are usually from a german speaking country . 
  took me a while to notice but i was right every time i guessed and heard them speak later . 
  i plan to visit ljubljana since like forever but never managed to actually go there . 
  i 've been to the postojna cave as a kid and still remember how impressed i was . 
  if i remember correctly , i only had to show my id when buying the ticket , not when entering with the ticket . 
  has been over 5 years ago though i had lost my student id and tried to make them believe my austrian national id is a student id . 
  they did n't believe me , of course , but after i pretended to be confused and not get what they mean , they just sold me a student ticket and did n't care . 
  i honestly think in the really bad cases the only people who survive are the ones who only care about themselves . 
  i do n't want to live in a world like that . 
  some do , but i 'm not sure if always . 
  i 've been an altar girl ( ?? 
  those kids in white/black dresses standing around priests assisting them during mass ) and i 've seen those in at least 2 catholic churches in austria during big events . 
  i do n't know if they use it permanantly , i do n't think so . 
  edit : i now remember at least 4 cases where i 've seen such screens . 
  but in all of them i 'm pretty sure the people who organized the event took it with them after the event and it was part of their media strategy . 
  i do n't care either , i just wanted to demonstrate why it feels strange, 
  apart from spreading stupid stereotypes as others said ( like `` i can drink so much beer because i 'm german ) , it can be just weird . 
  imagine a conversation like this : `` i 'm from new york ! '', 
  `` oh that 's great , i 'm from new york as well ! '', 
  `` oh great , where do you live in new york ? '', 
  `` i live in los angeles . '', 
  `` ah , so where did you grow up in new york ? '', 
  `` i 've never been there . 
  but my great grandfather was born there and moved to los angeles after ww2 . 
  we still have a spoon with a ny logo on it !, 
  so we are honoring our ny heritage . 
  so cool to talk to a fellow new yorker '' '' . . ?? '', 
  so make `` new york '' `` germany '' , it 's just weird and makes not much sense to us, 
  yes , especially `` knickerbocker-bande '' and `` sieben pfoten f\u00fcr penny '' ( seven paws for penny ) . 
  i also loved the tom turbo show as a kid , but not the books . 
  i joined a free walking tour in sarajevo . 
  the tour guide was around my age , grew up in sarajevo during the war and siege and lost some relatives during that time . 
  the way he showed us his city and was able to speak about the whole conflict in the region in both an objective and very personal way was impressive and made me realize what a sheltered and safe childhood i had and how complicated the whole situation there really is . 
  as others said , it 's mandatory in school . 
  but what got me really interested in learning english was reading the harry potter books . 
  i was already a huge fan when the fifth book was going to be released and did n't want to wait for the german translation several month later . 
  so i read the first 4 books in english and made a small dictionary just for myself with all the words in there that i had to look up to really understand them , hoping it will help me being able to read the fifth one - and it did . 
  no need to write in caps ... why should any country just give up part of their territory without gaining anything from it . 
  so unless you know of some reason why france is interested in this , monaco might have to either fight a war to get more territory or have some very strong allies that are interested in threatening france . 
   why does n't france let monaco extend its borders why should france do that ? 
  our class went to brighton , uk for a week when i was 17 or 18 . 
  we had language courses for a few hours each day , visited london for a day trip and did some other sightseeing stuff . 
  we stayed with local families and could spend most afternoons/evenings doing whatever we want . 
  apart from that , we went on ski/snowboard weeks several times , but stayed within the country . 
  in elementary school , we had project weeks in grade 3 and 4 where we would stay in some kind of summer camp and go hiking , play outdoor games , had some art / crafts workshops etc. 
  i remember we once did a midnight pyjama party which was really exciting for 9 years old me, 
  tirana , albania google for pictures , some look amazing and it gives that city a quite unique look . 
  edit : found some pictures : http://www.blocal-travel.com/road-trip/tiranas-colorful-buildings-html/, 
  month, 
  no idea, 
  same . 
  was kind of weird because they took it really very seriously in elementary school ( several years after chernobyl ) , and after that noone ever mentioned it again ( in school ), 
  computer monitors and tvs often use inch and i 've heard the term `` flugmeilen '' ( flight miles ? ), 
  is used, 
  in vienna , no . 
  those were some english friends visiting the family of a friend of mine . 
  the were around 50 years old , very nice , but dissapointed that there are no mountains in vienna and everything does n't feel like `` sound of music '' . 
  and then they thought my friend , his whole family and i must be super stupid because we `` pretend '' to never have heard of that movie and had no idea what exactly they were talking about . 
  i 've also heard that a lot of japanese tourists think we still have an emperor . 
  i now live in munich and regularly take the train to salzburg . 
  often , some tourists groups are sitting near me and i can hear the conversations with their tour guide . 
  when the guide drops the `` fun fact '' that most austrians do n't know that movie , they usually do n't believe him/her , regardless of the age . 
  thinking about overhearing those conversation , another one about munich comes to my mind : the tour guide explained that munich was heavily bombed in the 1940s and about 90 % of the historic city center had to be rebuild . 
  this english speaking group with clearly both british and american accents was extremely shocked and one woman said with a disturbed voice : `` but . . who would do something like that ? '' ... 
  yeah . . right ... ( i 'm not against bombing nazi cities , but that comment made me laugh ), 
  wanting to talk about `` sound of music '' with the locals . 
  hardly anyone in austria has ever seen that movie , a lot have even never heard about it , and no we do n't have any mountains or dress like that in vienna . 
   i actually would almost support people committing acts of terror against him/trump i would n't mention that you support acts of terror ... 
  regarding the rest , people would either agree , take it as an opportunity to have a long political discussion , take it as an opportunity to rant about us , think you are drunk or some leftist peace movement hippie - depends on who to talk to . 
  i guess the best way is to not start a conversation like that , but find out who you are talking to and start sharing your political thoughts bit by bit ( same with religion btw ), 
  this song is the only obvious answer !, 
  but it was n't a nr .1 hit as far as i know . 
  well , i try to keep my harry potter thoughts at / r/harrypotter , but since you asked : i guess if i 'd went to hogwarts , i 'd been in hufflepuff - by choice . 
  i was a really good student , often best in class , but usually hung around with kids some thought were boring , weird , stupid , ect. , not with the other super smart kids . 
  i do n't like people who show off , brag about their accomplishments , cheat others or value some people more than others because they think they are more intelligent or brave . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of competition , like fair play , helping others understand stuff and reaching a goal together . 
  so gryffindor ( values bravery , showing off , recklessness ) , slytherin ( cunning , ambitious ) and ravenclaw ( values knowledge above all ) seem not as fitting as hufflepuff . 
  this is of course only theoretical , i guess if you live in this world , it would be important as well what house your family members were in ( they tell you nice stories about their time ) , your siblings , your friends or enemies , and the whole stuff seems to be quite random . 
  also , whenever you had to choose a house for something ( yes i 'm a nerd ) , most wanted to be in gryffindor or ravenclaw and those ending up in hufflepuff felt unhappy about it , so i decided we need to be proud of this house and everyone can know there are hufflepuff fans , too . 
  / nerd mode off, 
  a lot . 
  actually , i 'm not a fan of fanfic , it was mainly because i really did n't like the last `` book '' ( theatre script ) and needed some other fans to discuss it , because noone i knew had already read it . 
  my username explains itself , i guess . 
  i chose it because back then the reason why i joined reddit was to discuss harry potter . 
  i am both austrian and german and would really like to use both flairs . 
  i chose austrian because that 's where i grew up and went to school , and i kind of felt like an expat when i moved to germany . 
  it was really weird for me to visit l.a. as my first stop in the us , and i felt so much more comfortable in new york which we visited a week later . 
  i do n't drive and use public transportation at home . 
  i found out that this is possible in l.a. as well , but not very practical . 
  we had a rental car , but it was weird for me to be stuck with sitting in the back seat and doing whatever the driver felt was best . 
  i once suggested we could walk the three blocks from our hostel to the next big supermarket . 
  i 'm so glad that my friends said we should drive , because one street we would have to cross was full of homeless people looking at us in the car as a target . 
  i 've never experienced anything like that and it felt so wrong . 
  we spent one evening around farmers market , and the area felt so fake but still like home that i 'd have prefered to stay there . 
  i work in the media industry and had kind of dreamed about working in hollywood . 
  that dream died after that , i could never live there . 
  new york was great and i could imagine living there for a while,
