   because their culture has nothing in common with european culture that 's the reason why they are the on the top of the list here : their culture is very different from other european cultures . 
  that does not mean their culture is not part of europe, 
  that 's what i meant . 
  there was a lot of immigration going on on what 's now europe at all times though history , and roma people really are no recent immigrants . 
  why is it not an european culture ? 
  i 'm really curious ... 
  so just try all of it !, 
  only if i had to : salzburg ( from vienna ) . 
  it 's a nice , historic city and most people i 've met abroad thought it was the capital of austria anyway . 
  absolutely not , maybe i got carried away . 
  i wanted to point out that there are much more recent conflicts in europe than some old france-germany-stuff and this might be much more important for the people still alive / posting stuff on reddit . 
  i was responding to why people talk about the balkan when france and germany had more severe battles in the past . 
  well , only in the balkan region i 've met people growing up in europe who are my age ( around 30 ) , who 've seen their parents get shot right in front of them by people of a neighbouring european country . 
  whatever happened at or before wwii - those generation will be dead in 10 years . 
  but younger generations will have to work on how to live with/next to each other for decades to come . 
  from my experience : 1 ) backpacking trough europe ( interrail ) 2 ) explore the world , which can mean a lot of things , but visiting new york ( and maybe los angeles ) is on top of everyone 's list i 've talked to so far . 
  road trip not so much . 
  as others already said , look out for reservation fees , and mandatory reservations ( usually for night trains and tgv ) . 
  also , your ticket is not valid in your home country . 
  i used the interail ticket a lot some years ago and i loved it - just as a general advice : if you already have a fixed plan of what cities you want to visit and when , do some research if normal local train or bus tickets are cheaper . 
  they were cheaper or just slightly more expensive both in sweden and all of the balkan area ( where trains are not the best way to travel anyway ) . 
  also flights might save you some time and money when you already know where you want to go in advance . 
  the interrail ticket is perfect when you have no fixed schedule ; or when you calculated your fixed schedule and realized that interrail is cheaper or more comfortable than alternatives . 
  we did that , too . 
  ( was in austria , though ) . 
  i 've been listening to several vorlesungen at a university in germany as well and they absolutely did this every time . 
   if a woman wants to circumcised , let her be when you have time and feel you can handle reading really disturbing stuff ; google women and circumcision ( or female genital mutilation ) . 
  i do n't care ( straight female ), 
  extermists are always wrong . 
  i think you will have to turn this in a debate about religon or muslims - if you insist on muslims hating gays . 
  because catholics/christians in general do as well !, 
  ( according to their religious books ) . 
  there is a way to embrace your religion , see it in a historic context , and live a normal , free life . 
  if you stick to your worldview , you must condem christians as much as muslims ; and then europe is really not the best place to go . 
   what makes you think there are no syrians in europe ? 
  there are syrians in europe everywhere , which means you wo n't find a place without syrians . 
  not a big surprise considering that there 's a war going on ...  hell , i even have relatives in europe who 've been there before the war yes , there are stupid people here , too ... muslim and not muslim . 
  well i know several muslims , including my best friend that i know since highschool , who were not born in germany ( or austria , where i grew up and went to school ) . 
  she absolutely does know stuff about her religion and takes ramadan pretty seriously . 
  at school , i always tried to make it easier for her by not eating stuff in front of her , just like she did when i did not eat any sweet stuff or drink any soda during lent . 
  religions do n't have to seperate people . 
  speak to moderate muslims living in europe . 
  not everyone is crazy . 
  edit : she supports gay marriage . 
  no problem , but to me it 's kind of important to remind people that there a female people on reddit , too . 
  not everyone gets that , as i had to find out , 
   i do n't want to run into a syrian impossible in europe  do n't want to run into many muslims depends on where you are going . 
   i want to be able to say i 'm a gay exmuslim without the fear of being killed . 
  should be possible almost everywhere in europe . 
  not every muslim is a stupid cunt . 
  not everyone wants to kill you , muslim or not . 
   i 'm female and live in germany , so it was about germany . 
  but yeah i agree with you !, 
  well i do n't know any syrians in germany , so you seem to know more . 
  i have several muslim friends , all of them are in favour of gay marrige and have travelled to many countries all around the world . 
  if you distrust syrian people , there are so many other muslim/non muslim people here . 
  germany is definitaly no paradise for syrian refugees , quite the oposite , but the people who live here are not bad people , including muslims . 
  i have several colleagues at work in germany who are muslim , or gay ( can not think about one that is muslim and gay , but not sure ) . 
  no problems at all recalling what they told me . 
  but it would be hard if a new colleague is not fluent in german , regardless of religion of sexual orientation . 
  a lot of books , but austrian ones : everything from [ thomas brezina ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_brezina ) , especially `` tom turbo '' , `` die knickerbockerbande '' and `` sieben pfoten f\u00fcr penny '' and from [ christine n\u00f6stlinger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christine_n%c3%b6stlinger ) like `` das austauschkind '' , `` echt susi '' ; `` die ilse ist weg '', 
  interrail is only available for european citizan . 
  eurail is something similar that others can use , but a bit more expensive and restricted . 
  i did a similar trip a few years ago , but starting in albania and finish in zagreb . 
  sounds like a really good plan !, 
  some thoughts : if you use the public busses , never rely on timetables on the internet or even at the station . 
  ask for the current timetable for your next destination on arrival at the bus station . 
  you have to pay around 1 euro for each piece of big luggage ( like backpacks ) to the driver when you enter the bus . 
  they sometimes do n't give change back , so have the right amount ready  i spend a night at mostar , and altough it was not super exciting , the city is really beautiful at night , so you might think about spending a night there . 
  in kotor , do n't miss going up to the top of the castle/mountain oft he city ( do n't stop at the church , go all the way up to the top ) . 
  the view is incredible and i wished i had the time to sit up there for hours , reading a book and just relax . 
  bring water and some snack with you , there are no cafes/shops up there . 
  you can take the best pictures in the late afternoon right before sunset . 
  so cool !, 
  i did a really great montenegro 1-day-tour organized by the hostel i stayed at in kotor ( but available to people not staying there as well ) http://www.montenegrohostel.com/en/big-montenegro-tour it was one of the most amazing days of my whole trip , we were just a group of 6 with a local 24 year old professional tour guide who grew up there and showed us some highlights of the whole country and gave us a lot of insights of local traditions and how people our age live in montenegro , was worth it . 
  in germany and austria , there are often cheap offers of train tickets if you book a specific train in advance . 
  you can go from munich to vienna for 29 euros if you are lucky . 
  otherwise , you could try flixbus or similar bus companies ( https://www.flixbus.co.uk/ ) , they are quite cheap , but take longer . 
  even cheaper is blablacar ( https://www.blablacar.co.uk/ ) ; there you can find a stranger who offers you a ride for a small amount of money . 
  kind of like hitchhiking but more organized and safer ( drivers have their id verified by the website , everyone knows where you are going and with whom ) . 
  i 've used a similar website that 's now part of blablacar often some time ago when it was a lot less organized and secure , and never had a bad experience . 
  i 'm no political expert and currently living abroad , but my impression is that the divide among people in austria is not that radical at all . 
  i guess most people would like to vote for someone in the center if the political spectrum , and recently there has been a shift towards the right . 
  but our center-right and center-left party have been involved in so many scandals over the years that people start to look for alternatives , even if theydon-t agree with them 100 % . 
  the 50/50 divide in our presidential election does not mean that much , because we had to choose between a far right and a far left candidate ; and at i 'm pretty sure most people did n't want to vote for either of them . 
  of course not , as a hufflepuff , i was very happy to help out . 
  but it got me thinking ... 
  just for some pc background , there is no historic evidence that `` who 's afraid of the black guy '' has anything to do with people of color . 
  `` der schwarze mann '' ( `` the black man '' ) is a known metaphore for either death or the black plague . 
  i absolutely agree that this can be used as an excuse for racism and it is a good thing that the game has been renamed . 
  but as a kid 25 years ago , i often played `` who 's afraid of the black man '' , and i never once imagined a guy with black skin , but a creepy figure with a huge black cloak . 
  something like [ this ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gct0acv1uwplqhxoq5yctqcy3odmkjjpnggfdorq4eodtxp4nfdi ), 
  i always thought people younger than 30 in germany and austria speak english well enough to have ( simple ) conversations with strangers about common topics . 
  then i booked a trip to china with a travel agency that specializes on people younger than 35 and small groups . 
  of course non of us spoke chinese ( because if we could we would go there on our own ) ; but i was n't prepared that i was one of two people in our party of 10 that could ask basic questions in english , like `` how much is this '' , `` is this [ xxx ] - square ? 
  '' , `` two beer , please '' , `` does this train go to xxx '' , ect . 
  whenever we had time to spend on our own , i had to translate for everyone else . 
  so i 'm really not sure . 
  - sailor moon - dragonball - pokemon - yu-gi-oh !, 
  - blinky bill,
