  one thing that made them `` different '' was that they were catholic , and they were quite proud of it , driving to another village every sunday that had a catholic church . 
  as far as i know , they were never angry at the people of poland . 
  they went back to their old village there , found the old houses that their familys owned back then and made friends with the people that live there now . 
  they send postcards to each other for christmas and birthdays . 
  i do n't think there was any hard feelings long term . 
  but my grandparents definitely never saw themselves as polish , they also only spoke german . 
  i 've heard it is different for other families . 
  edit : cut out some personal information that was n't really relevant to the story . 
   salvador he just won !, 
  you can celebrate after work , 
  watching it right now , need to get drunk faster, 
  i can often guess what written dutch means , but sometimes i get it horribly wrong , so i would never rely on it . 
  nope . . brown hair , dark eyes , extremely boring, 
  ok , i have to go there ... that looks amazing !, 
  not in germany :(, 
  netflix , sky ticket , amazon prime and maxdome ( some shared with family ) - living in germany what makes me really mad is that even though i pay for pretty much every available streaming service , i can not legally watch stuff like the old star wars movies , the harry potter and lord of the rings series , and they sometimes just make some series unavailable for several month like silicon valley , game of thrones and grey 's anatomy . 
  if they want people to watch stuff legally , try harder . 
  weirdest one : when i was about 10 years old , i was waiting alone at a tram stop to get home from school . 
  a huge bus full of asian tourists stopped right next to me , i saw the tour guide speak something in her microphone and pointing at me , and suddenly , they all raised their cameras and took pictures of me like crazy . 
  i looked like a normal 10 year old school girl , with a school backpack but no uniform , no weird tshirt or hairstyle , nothing . 
  edit : worst one : not really a foreigner because i am a dual austrian-german citizan , but still a tourist in a foreign country on a night train from poland to germany , me and my sister shared a 6 bunk bed cabin with a weird german tourist . 
  he was around 50 years old , spoke a weird dialect and was very drunk , so we only understood half of what he said . 
  he was nice to us , but completely changed when a young asian backpacker entered the cabin . 
  he told us we shall not speak to him because asians are evil . 
  he then shouted some racist slurs in english at the poor guy . 
  the other beds were then occupied by a polish and an english guy , the german got more angry , saying stuff in german like that we should put them all in ausschwitz and he has to protect us poor girls from those evil foreigners . 
  we decided to ignore him , went outside of the cabin with the 3 guys , bought some beer and had a great night sitting on the corridor chatting . 
  what an idiot . 
  i guess it depends on the group of friends you are with when you tell such jokes , holocaust/hitler jokes are told , but not in public and context is important . 
  i know people who would not get the joke at first and think you imply your grandfather was working in a concentration camp and you think its funny . 
  if merkel told that joke in public it would be a huge scandal . 
  i 've never experienced any , although there were some when i was there ( small ones , nothing fell off a table/wall in our house ) . 
  my whole family talked about it in the morning , but i just slept and did n't feel anything . 
  i 've heard that pretty often , both from a friend growing up in mazedonia ( in a turkish community ) and older austrian natives ; that they used very strong alcohol to make babies stop crying . 
  i guess not the best method , but apparenty it worked ? 
  at 14 , i was allowed to drink a glas of sparkling wine at special occasions like birthday , christmas , new years eve with my parents . 
  i had tried small sips of beer and wine before that but never liked it a lot of my classmates started drinking beer regularly on weekends around 15-16 ( i was told it starts earlier when you grow up in rural towns ) . 
  i had seen what alcohol can do to people through a family member and decided for myself to never get really drunk or smoke ( cigarettes and weed ) before i finished school . 
  so i often was one of few not-drunk people at parties , and tbh we often had the most fun . 
  also , noone ever made fun of me for not drinking . 
  first time being drunk - around 20 . 
  i discovered that there are other things you can drink than beer and wine . 
  ( i started to like the taste of beer after moving to munich . ), 
  something like incompetent idiot or fool . 
  only used for male persons , usually when you are frustrated about his behaviour . 
  i once watched a documentary on tv together with my german so that included interviews with a guy called `` dr. wappler '' . 
  i thought it 's some kind of satire and took me about 20 minutes to realize that wappler apparently is a normal last name in germany and they have no idea what in means in austria . 
  edit : imagine watching a documentary saying `` according to doctor incompetent idiot , ... '' several times while showing statements of him with the subtitle `` dr. 
  incompetent idiot '' . 
  i loved my half-a-day trip to the rila-monestry nearby . 
  and there was a really fantastic free walking tour . 
  when i think back , i 'm still ashamed of two cases i now realize were bullying , and i have no idea if those kids are ok now . 
  both were in `` gymnasium unterstufe '' in austria , which means 10-14 year old kids who are a bit smarter than others ( or their teachers/parents thinks so ) . 
  a girl got teased a lot , and she was strange . 
  thinking back , i guess she had mental issues , she kind of `` looked like a guy '' , and i heard rumours that she had been abused by a step parent . 
  i did n't care . 
  i 'm female as well and spend most breaks in school solving crossword puzzles together with her . 
  i was kind of weird , too , but was never harrased in any way . 
  a lot of class mates teased her , made fun of her clothes , her height ( she was taller than all guys ) , any of her responses in classes , ect . 
  i never said anything . 
  a few month later she was kind of gone , and a social worker asked in a sad voice if she really had no friends in our class ? 
  i did n't speak up , i was afraid to be the next victim . 
  then others said , they think i might be a friend of hers . 
  i talked to the social worker in private after that , nothing ever came out of it . 
  she disappeared and i went on just as usual . 
  another case with the same people was a male kid who liked to look `` beautiful '' ( not like a drag queen , like wear nice shirts - he looked like a finance company boss as a 12 year old ) and there was some rumour that he was gay . 
  it was a catholic school , and back than i did n't even know what `` being gay `` means - i thought it means to look like an arrogant asshole . 
  i participated in making fun anyway . 
  he was bullied by a lot , every day , even in class . 
  it only stopped after about a year when a female - weird but cool - kid decided he is now her best friend and anyone having a problem with him has to deal with her first . 
  i was one of her best friends ; and suddenly had to spend all my free time at school with her and this `` weird '' guy everyone hates and makes fun of all the time . 
  she did n't care and taught me not to care either . 
  after a few weeks , nobody cared . 
  he left the school eventually , but she still is my hero and the person that i want to become sometime . 
  ( she was 13 back then ) . 
  edit : and yes , i blame the school system for not dealing with it in a realistic way . 
  no idea how things are now , that was about 20 years ago . 
  edit2 : spelling, 
  tom turbo, 
  i only know one person who has both ( naturally ) , some who have blue eyes and some kind of ( light ) brown hair ; or darker eyes and blonde hair . 
  i 'd say the combination of natural blonde + blue is not very common . 
  its weird extremists who commit those attacks . 
  no matter where they come from . 
  you can find one weird suicidal idiot everywhere, 
  i ca n't help you , but just to understand : did they find no jobs because they did n't speak the local language or because the education was so bad ? 
  because even if they offer the same quality of education in english and the local language , why should anyone employ someone who does n't speak the local language ( apart from native speakers for translations/meetings/ect ), 
  hmm , it 's been a while , but as far as i remember : where it is located on the map , the flag , that the capital is vilnius , that it 's part of the baltic states , that it once was part of the soviet union , and that it is `` now '' joining the eu ( back when i was in school ) . 
  not much , unfortunately , but apparently more than others ? 
  tbh there were a lot of other countries that we did n't learn much more about ; i guess also because we had a really old geography teacher and i often was n't sure if she realized that the soviet union did n't exist anymore . 
  ( considering that it was mentioned in several of her handouts as if it still did ) most of the time when i think about the baltic states , it 's because of the flags , because the one of latvia can be very confusing for austrians , and i love the estonian one . 
  and i plan to visit all 3 coutries in the next few years . 
  ( austria / i 'm around 30 years old ) edit : you said history class ? 
  because unfortunately , we learned nothing about lithuania in history class , only in geography and some kind of mixture of politics/social stuff/contemporary history , when discussing new eu members . 
  btw its a myth that `` ich bin ein berliner '' was missunderstood ; it 's a perfectly valid sentence and noone would think about a donut when hearing it . 
  most people from the us that i 've met thought it 's salzburg , i guess because it was the only city in austria that they knew . 
  we did a project in highscool during our language course week in brighton , uk , where we had to do a survey asking random people on the street what they know about austria . 
  of those who gave an answer to `` what is the capital '' , around 80 % said salzburg . 
  yes , that 's what i was saying . . 
  at what point in history do you consider cultures of europe to be european cultures ? 
  as far as i know , scientists think that gypsy/roma people have been living in europe for about 1000 years now .
