  i guess not the biggest waste , but we built a [ nuclear power plant ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwentendorf_nuclear_power_plant ) and , just when it was finished , decided to never turn it on . 
  yes , at least when i was in school . 
  the most important classes were mathematics , german ( native language ) and english ( foreign language ) . 
  failing one of those subjects was considered worse than failing others . 
  oh god , yes . 
  my elementary school class was split between kelly family and backstreet boys fans . 
  i managed to stay friends with kids from both sides because i did n't listen to either of them . 
  it was like a religion or something - one girl got really popular because she had a vhs tape with a backstage documentary about the kelly family . 
  we watched it at her birthday party and from then she was treated as if she knew them all personally ( this was before the internet was available for normal people , so getting information / gossip / video that 's not available in your countries media stores was n't that easy ) edit : spelling, 
  good to know , i do n't like hiking anyway  but why did other hikers greet us with `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' then ? 
  did they magically know we must be from the city ? 
  could be that they were tourists as well ... 
  it would sound way more weird if i try to say `` gria\u00df di '' . 
  i grew up in vienna with my parents being a german language teacher and a nothern germany native . 
  if i try to imitate any austrian dialect , i sound like a fool , i speak perfect german hochdeutsch with austrian vocabulary . 
  btw most people said `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' to us even before we said it , so it seems quite common ( nieder\u00f6sterreich , salzburg , steiermark ) . 
  `` oh mein gott '' ( oh my god ) and just `` oh gott '' ( oh god ) are very common , does n't matter if you are religious or not - used like you would in english . 
  what i found very funny regarding the whole christian upbringing is another phrase that is very common in austria and some parts of southern germany : `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' / `` gr\u00fc\u00df dich gott '' ( may god greet you ) . 
  this basicly means `` hello '' and is used by almost everyone , religion does n't matter at all , to say `` hello '' , especially in a more formal way and when you meet new people . 
  once , me and my sister were visiting relatives in northern germany in a very rural area . 
  we were bored and going for extensive walks across all those corn fields around there . 
  whenever we came across other people on our way , we would always greet them with a `` gr\u00fc\u00df gott '' ( may god greet you ) , well behaved as we were and as we learned to do in austria when we were hiking with our parents . 
  they all looked at us teenage girls as if we were crazy , and it took me a while to understand that they possibly did n't know this phrase at all and tought we were part of some christian cult trying to spead some message . 
  [ eurail ] ( http://www.eurail.com ) , interrail is for european citizans only, 
  vienna ( mainly different lower class / common people dialects ) here is a small clip of it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sim3_6h_rqu the whole thing is more about the characters and weird situations they are in ; a lot of insider jokes about stuff that happened at the time the show went on air ( 1992-1999 , so it 's a bit older ) , our political situation , etc also , a lot of the actors are well known austrian actors or comedians . 
  i think the humour of kaiserm\u00fchlen blues is hard to get for foreigners ( my german so thinks i 'm crazy for enjoying it so much ) . 
  i 've never watched braunschlag , but plan to do so , so no idea . 
  i love travelling solo . 
  but it 's not for everyone . 
  if you are not sure if you like it , you could do a smaller trip to somewhere nearby alone ; maybe for a weekend somewhere in your region ? 
  i think the hardest part is that you wo n't have someone who shares your favorit memories from that trip to talk about it later . 
  some ideas : - write a diary - i love reading my travel diaries , because , like i said , only you know what really happened and there wo n't be anyone to remind you when some details get blurry years later . 
  - buy a good book and do n't shy away from doing stuff that you would usually only do with others . 
  you can sit in a restaurant or a nice spot in a city alone for hours . 
  reading a book or writing a diary will keep you busy and make you look not crazy . 
  also bring good music/podcasts/audiobooks for long train/bus rides . 
  you can meet great people at bars/pubs/parties - take a lot of pictures , not only of the beautiful sights and landscape , but also of you together with the people you meet . 
  write down their names in your diaries . 
  you 'll never see them again , but you should remember the great time you had with them . 
  take pictures of your accomodations to remember . 
  save all pictures to some online cloud space when you have wifi in your hostel . 
  if your camera or smartphone gets stolen/lost , you do n't lose those once in a lifetime memories . 
  - take care of your stuff ; do n't put all your valuables in one spot , spread your money across your luggage . 
  pickpockets are a problem in touristy areas , watch your stuff . 
  make copys of your passport and scan it and e-mail it to yourself . 
  also mail yourself important phone numbers and adresses like the embassy of your country , the emergency number for your credit card , ect . 
  you wo n't need it 95 % , but if you do , it would make things much easier . 
  look up expected exchange rates for the currencies of the countries you plan to visit . 
  what are common scams , what banknotes do n't exist ( there 's no 30 euro note ) . 
  do n't let it drive you crazy , be more relaxed because you are aware of most common scams . 
  - stay in hostels , search for hostels with a nice common area or bar , organized activites , offers to have dinner together , ... and read the comments about that at hostelbookers.com / hostelworld.com ( a nice atmosphere , helpful staff and great common room are much more important than a perfect bathroom or dorm ) . 
  but do n't only do stuff offered by the hostel , make your own experiences . 
  - a lot of cities also offer [ free walking tours ] ( http://www.freecitytour.com/destination/europe/ ) - [ another link ] ( http://www.neweuropetours.eu/# ) ( you tip the guide whatever you want ) that aim at backpackers and you can meet people there . 
  they often offer other tours that cost money - they are usually overpriced because they are aimed at tourists , but can be worth it if you are travelling alone and want to experience something togehter with others ( for pub crawls , try asking the hostel staff it they recommend it , they are often a huge scam , but i 've been to a really great one in belgrade where the goal was not to get us drunk or spend money , but to really see and enjoy the different styles of pubs/bars/restaurants with a lot of information about it ), 
  i never enjoyed drinking beer before i moved to munich , so i 'd say munich . 
  not only the beer itself , but the whole beergarden culture , brewerys ect are worth a visit if you like beer . 
  belgium was interesting because of the variety of beer , but i have to admit i 'm still not a huge beer fan and usually do n't order beer if there 's other stuff available abroad . 
  i thought the book was better , because it was n't that much over the top and more believable . 
  but the new movie is much better than the old one we had to watch in school , where all the kids look like they are in their early 20s and the dubbing was really bad . 
  i plan to go there with an organized tour either this fall or next spring , ca n't wait !, 
  they do have some serious human rights issues though ( like some other countries ), 
   i heard people in austria and switzerland also watch ( ed ) this , maybe anyone can confirm or deny this . 
  i think it 's a thing in austria as well , but not as much as in germany . 
  i 've seen it the first time with my german relatives and did n't know why it 's such a huge deal . 
  i guess it depends on the people you know / celebrate with , it 's definitely shown on tv as well . 
  the most important tradition in austria ( at least vienna ) would be to listen to the sound of the huge bell of the stephansdom church ( pummerin ) at midnight , followed by the donauwalzer ( the blue danube walz ? ), 
  - this is broadcasted by all main tv and radio stations . 
  my german so found that very weird , but i 've listend to this combination on radio or tv every new years eve at midnight since i was a little kid . 
  also , watching the theatre play `` die fledermaus '' and the new years eve episode of the tv series `` ein echter wiener geht nicht unter '' are associated with new years eve at least as much as `` dinner for one '' . 
  maybe someone else could confirm/deny this , because i 've celebrated new years eve with pretty much the same group of people for the past 15 years . 
  yes . 
  i think i 've read the harry potter series about 25 times by now ( some books of them even more often ) , lotr about 15 times , `` the otori tales '' about 15 times as well , and a lot of my other favourit books more than 10 times . 
  same for some of my favourit movies , does n't work with all movies/books . 
  it 's relaxing and like going back to a place that you enjoy , meeting your favourit characters again ; kind of like looking at pictures from a vacation , reliving some moments . 
  i know this is not something everyone does , but most people i know have some book , movie or tv series that they 've watches countless times . 
  lord of the rings , and the austrian movie `` single bells '', 
  same in germany . 
  if it does n't fit into the bathroom , it 's in the kitchen ( because there 's a water supply as well ), 
   you thought that everyone in spain dancing flamenco and dressed as a `` gitana '' was fake , but then you get to sevilla in the middle at feria de abril so you thought for a moment that the stereotype was real ? 
  jup , exactly  i had a great time there after i realized what 's going on . 
   there is another thread about this topic ? 
  na , not really , it was about european stereotypes in general : https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6bvs0c/europeans_what_is_the_biggest_stereotype_about/, 
  i copy another post on mine , if it 's ok : it 's about the stereotype that spanish people love dancing flamenco : i thought it 's a stupid stereotype ; so i was really irritated when i visited spain for the first time and my first stop was sevilla ... during the seville fair in april , without knowing there is a festival going on ... 
  so many beautiful ladies in flamenco style dresses everywhere , in everyday situations like it 's normal ; at the train station , the bus stop , walking around , sitting in restaurants ... took me a few hours to understand what 's going on . 
  jup , we girls were so few that they combined all classes of the same grade ( 6 the first year , 4 at graduation , some were boys only ) , which made us about 16 in total ? 
  we often had to use our super small inhouse gym , but the boys went to some fitness studios or bigger gyms of other schools , especially in winter ( in summer , we all used the outdoor facilities of another school a 40 minutes bus ride away ; our school was in a city and did n't have much sports facilities ) . 
  the low point was when the gym was under construction and we spend our `` sports class '' to `` learn how to relax '' listening to some yoga music in our normal class room ( making ourselves comfortable on chairs or tables , sleeping ) . 
  our school director walked in on coincidence and asked what the hell we are doing , so this never happened again ( edit : i graduated over 10 years ago , i really hope this has changed ), 
  similar in my case we were around 25 in gymnasium unterstufe ( grade 5-8 ) , which i think is kind of high , the average would be a bit lower , same for gymnasium oberstufe ( grade 9-12 ) i then changed to a htl ( higher technical school , grade 9-13 ) , where we were 38 at the beginning , of which 15 did n't pass the first year , so we were combined with another class making us 33 again . 
  i think we were 23 when we graduated , which made us the biggest graduation class that year , one was only 15 students . 
  i 'm using the word `` class '' meaning a group of students of the same grade staying together for most classes . 
  this in kind of confusing writing about in english . 
  for some classes ( subjects ) like english and programming , our class ( students ) was split in half , so we would be only 10-15 students . 
  in others , we were combined with other classes ( students ) of the same grade , like for sports ( but split by gender ) . 
  well , so many people helped me whenever i was abroad , so i know how much it can help if a local just tells you where to go or what 's going on . 
  subway ( 2 stations ) and then s-bahn ( regional train , 10 minutes ) . 
  great 80 % of the time , rage whenever all s-bahn-trains stop for some undefined time because some idiot walks or `` walks '' ( suicide attempt ) on the train rails or they have some `` technical problems '' ( can mean anything for an undefined time ) . 
  what i really hate is that they often do n't make announcements in english when something changes ( huge delays or change of platforms ) . 
  i use the regional train that ends at the airport , so lots of tourists , and i really try to help them to get there , because deutsche bahn ( train company ) does not . 
  i now have a dishwasher , but as a broke student , we would let them soak in a mix of water and soap from a few seconds to a few hours , then clean it with a sponge , rinse it with fresh very hot water and then just let it dry .
