exactly . 
  it 's just interesting that the same people who cry for social equality and women 's rights ( in one of earth 's most equal countries , at that ) are so quick to instantly judge all men , claim that all men are capable of sexual assault and therefore should not be allowed to festivals together with women . 
  99 % of men will never commit acts like these . 
  and i know , it might not be all festivals , maybe just one `` that the women can have to themselves '' . 
  but it starts that way , then what ? 
  it 's the general idea that 's wrong , but that does n't trouble feminists as they are not concerned about true equality . 
  what about festivals being great places to meet new people ? 
  make friends for life ? 
  maybe even , god forbid , find someone of the opposite sex to spend your life with . 
  or same sex , for that matter, 
  but does this explain why denmark is doing worse ? 
  denmark is not like norway , dependent on mostly one resource ... denmark excels in farming , pharmaceuticals , shipping , wind power technology ... surely also a diversified economy ? 
  methinks those danish bastards are mismanaging their economy ;d, 
  around you maybe . 
  i 've mostly heard talk about social problems . 
  and many of those concerns have turned out to be justified . 
  this is not me trying to push an agenda ( i am actually not against immigration ) but there are issues besides the economy . 
  and i know you will see this as a sign that nothing at all is ever wrong with immigration . 
  and that is , in my humble opinion , na\u00efve and stupid, 
  which is , at the risk of sounding boastful , nothing really new . 
  sweden has a long history of inventions and pioneering . 
  dynamite , the milk-cream separator , the modern self-aligning ball bearing , the adjustable spanner/wrench , skype ( along with estonians and a dane ) ... i do n't know why , but since the early days of sweden 's industrialization we have been good at coming up with things . 
  so at least i have something to be proud of at the moment, 
  speaking of sexual assaults at swedish festivals , there are now people who want to hold man-free festivals here ... so ... yeah , that 's also a. . . suggestion . 
  i 'm trying really hard not to state how i feel about this but ... it 's hard, 
  are we reading the same things here ?!, 
  i 've never said it 's a conspiracy !!!, 
  i said the greens had many `` fully swedish '' ( i.e white ) members with views that are , in my opinion , less than desirable . 
  my point was specifically that there 's nothing wrong with there being many muslims and immigrants with the red-greens you then proceeded to give me an aftonbladet article that deals with something troubling , yet unrelated to any `` conspiracies '' . 
  as for kaplan 's meeting , that is inappropriate and he no longer holds his position , and rightly so , but he met with the grey wolves , which are fascist and ultranationalist , not radically islamic . 
  and as for the final aftonbladet article there is , as with most things , heavy criticism against the findings and i am in no position to doubt religious experts . 
  hardly compelling proof for a widespread `` infiltration '' . 
  what i can agree with is that there are muslims with the greens that hold troubling views , but that 's just as true for many other non-muslim people of the left , and the far-right . 
  it does not prove a `` conspiracy '', 
  next time maybe link an article that actually deals with conspiracy theories , not with individuals ' refusals to shake hands and praising of the erdogan government . 
  these are bad things , i agree , and the greens must do much much better in demonstrating that this is not ok . what i fail to see is how this constitutes `` right-wing conspiracy theories '' what it does constitute is old-fashioned bigotry and undesirable , overt religiosity, 
  i never said they 're not fairly represented , read again !, 
  i said there are `` a few '' with the meaning that there are fewer than the red-greens . 
  i do n't know what counts as `` fair '' , and i do n't care . 
  let them choose the party they want . 
  as for the `` infiltration '' , i 'm not going to listen to right-wing conspiracy theories , sorry, 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say ... we seem both seem to agree that the red-greens have more of both muslim members and mps . 
  i stand by my view that there is nothing wrong with that though , and the reason i wo n't vote for those parties is rather because of the many fully swedish members with crazy views . 
  what exactly are you saying ? 
  i would like to remove the `` plenty '' before `` conservative '' parties . 
  they have a few , but the reds and greens have a very heavy majority of muslims and immigrants or people of immigrant descent . 
  now there 's nothing wrong with that , i just thought i should point it out and it is interesting considering so many think they 're all far-right religious extremists, 
  will you be responsible for tomorrow 's headline in breitbart news by any chance ? 
  well , more and more people are getting upset with sweden 's immigration policies . 
  sweden is in a housing crisis and it 's not making things easier , and recently there was an article that immigrants sometimes get to walk past others in the housing queue and acquire a place to live before others who have waited longer . 
  understandably that makes some people upset of course far , far from everyone is ready to vote for right-wing populist parties but i at least have definitely noticed more irritation about our extremely generous policies , even in centrist and left-wing camps . 
  but the greatest problem in sweden is a lack of dialogue . 
  it 's no exaggeration to say that in sweden many will label you a racist if you even mention any problems immigration might cause . 
  this is true for the government just as much as ordinary people . 
  regardless of what your political stance is , no one can deny that the swedish government is , or at least has been , deflecting any criticism by basically saying `` it 's racist to assume anything bad can come from this '' . 
  it 's the same with the sweden democrats , our third largest party . 
  no one wants to cooperate with them , even though the people clearly like them since they 're number 3 . 
  that is childish , immature and frankly only furthers the cause that the other parties deems so terrible ( i do not support that party myself , but we can not silence every voice who disagrees with us or says something uncomfortable , but sadly sweden is a specialist at doing this ), 
  who has said that they are ?!, 
  they 're worried , they have n't actually done anything to stop it now have they ?!, 
  and they wo n't !, 
  i would say they have every right to be worried if they want to be, 
  i did not position myself on either side in my reasoning . 
  i am myself a proponent for increased military spending , particulary regarding sweden 's current joke of a military . 
  i was merely saying that trump and poland are similar . 
  make of that what you like , it 's not up to me to say whether or not that is good , though of course i have an opinion that is not relevant to this discussion, 
  apparently i have to say this again : i did not say that . 
  what i did say is that defence is an important issue in poland . 
  otherwise they would do what every other eu country does and ignore the 2 % recommendation . 
  `` put the same emphasis on military as the us '' are your words , not mine, 
  and how is that relevant to what i said ? 
  military spending is clearly relevant to the polish government , was my point . 
  the total military spending is completely irrelevant as larger countries will of course always spend more, 
  hmm ... * scepticism towards climate change * anti-immigration policies * high military spending ( compared to the rest of europe ) call trump 's and poland 's policies right or wrong , but you ca n't argue that they have similar interests . 
  that 's not to say poland is as bad as trump 's america . 
  that is , i believe , not possible, 
  * in your opinion i have a different one, 
  use bitcoin, 
  interestingly that still seems to be the case for many regarding this cash vs. no-cash question , despite the fact that a record number of people here are displeased with what the government is doing ... 
  judge who ? 
  macron ? 
  macron will not leave the eu , do n't be ridiculous . 
  and unlike the leadership of poland , macron has not exactly been praising trump so the risk of him being influenced by trump is minimal . 
  yes , the eu is worried , because trump and polish leadership are quite similar, 
  oh yes , silence the voices we do n't like . 
  the foundation of democracy !, 
  macron is not nearly as eurosceptic and does not have autocratic tendencies , so yes , it 's much more fine . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  yeah , sweden is moving more and more towards a cashless society . 
  it 's more or less a goal to be achieved here . 
  personally i quite like having some cash , but ... us swedes are quite a trusting bunch when it comes to government institutions . 
  we do n't really worry too much about the government knowing everything about us and all that, 
  i swear like half the people i know hunt and own guns . 
  you must live in the city, 
  i do know this . 
  but i reiterate my claim that these fights should hardly count as `` major '' fights, 
  i suppose you 're right . 
  it just seems like the colonial fighting could hardly count as `` major '' battles under any definition . 
  and england did not fight in the thirty years ' war , which sweden did , so surely sweden would have been ahead of england then ? 
  not that it matters , i 'm just curious,
