not for long . 
  yes we hate them 10 times more here because of the same reason but also our image in europe is fucked because of them . 
  thanks for the info , it was intresting reading and thanks for informing more polish people about us . 
  who likes gipsies anyway ? 
  i understand them . 
  they hate us more than russians , that massacred them during ww2 . 
  ok then . 
  well , are you slovakian in denial ? 
  muslims are not allowed to own dogs . 
  the new president is a russian puppet he visits kremlin monthly to get his new orders lol, 
  do n't worry comrade , we will help you , fuck the ussr . 
  ok bro , bring the byzantine banners !, 
  alright mate !, 
  it 's fine , nothing better than enjoying a nice piece of moussaka !, 
  lol !, 
  i am afraid not !, 
  i hate heat too , but there is no better feeling than dying of heat and diving in the cool sea !, 
  i know dude , you have some many damn amazing places . 
  i am visiting one day for sure !, 
  you should visit several of the islands in the ionian in greece . 
  especially lefkada dude . 
  fucking awesome mate and i am not really that much of a sea guy ( i love mountains and hiking ) but it was one of the most beautiful places i visited . 
  yeah , i did n't try to point out the meaning of meteora , just wanted to point out that meteora is not the name of a monastery because op did a mistake by accident while typing his comment !, 
  croatia is indeed cheaper and one of the best countries that can be compared to greece . 
  especially for us eastern europeans croatia is one of the best choices with lovely sea because of the prices . 
  yes but greece has way more beautiful beaches , ca n't be compared , especially the ionian sea . 
  if i want to swim in the black sea i can do it here too !, 
  greece is one of the best countries for vacation seriously . 
  it 's extremely beautiful and pretty cheap compared to other european destinations and if it 's cheap for me i ca n't imagine how cheap it is for a german so yeah pretty much a perfect destination . 
  cool bro , just wanted to point it out just incase and for more people to know , i also had the pleasure of visiting this place like 10 years ago and it was absolutely amazing . 
  but if we do n't , marble emperor will never come back :(, 
  this picture , makes the place look simple , but in reality , the monasteries and the place are way better , amazing . 
  meteora are the big tall stones/rocks/whatever mate , there are a several monasteries on these rocks . 
  i always wash my ass . 
  i think it 's disgusting not to wash it . 
  i feel dirty , i 've been doing it since forever . 
  maybe in many places in eastern europe but not in russia . 
  pootin has supporters all around the world , his propaganda is so strong in russia and he has so many supporters that several protests will do nothing . 
  not sure , i heard there is some evidence that the prime minister or vice president is corrupt or some shit , just another day in eastern europe do n't bother nothing will change . 
  against the corrupt gov, 
  well not the biggest , i believe poland and czechia are better but yeah we are doing good compared to other former communist countries . 
  it 's a nice country but that does n't change the way that westerners see us . 
  one time when i told a french that i am romanian i had to explain him for 10 minutes why and how romanians are white and not gipsies because he claimed i looked too normal to be romanian lol, 
  they do n't represent me , they represent us , mr.transylvanian . 
  and i do n't care , free movement got us rid of a lot of scum , even if fucking our image in europe was the result of it . 
  i pay that price . 
  jokes aside i bet this how most westerners imagine romania . 
  reported to romanian internet police !!!!, 
  of course , whats better than a fat gypo with her saggy tits feeding her little boy after begging the whole day ? 
  russia is weak compared to nato lol only china can be a challenge, 
  op decided to post pictures of the gipsy kids on drugs and naked people to give the impression that this is how romania was in the 90s lol, 
  romania was communist but there was a lot of freedom , unless you talked shit about the regime but other than that everything was cool . 
  life was also nice without stress about work , financial reasons etc. 
  you could easily have 2-3 kids without worrying . 
  today sadly after ceausescu was killed since 27 years we ca n't even live happy and without worries in our own country . 
  we would be so good today if ussr did n't take our leader down . 
  yes they are , / r/europe is a liberal paradise . 
  it 's not about liberals and conservatives when it comes to people that shared border with ussr/russia in the past 100 years . 
  here everyone hates them . 
  we are too poor for cocaine and too poor for cinemas . 
  this is where the money you brits and french give to that `` poor woman holding a child begging '' goes . 
  also your tax goes there aswell , most of them are living on benefits while they send their wife and kids to beg . 
  daily reminder : do not give money to begging gipsies you are getting scammed . 
  i think we should ban assault trucks and assault 4x4s and nothing like this will happen again . 
  yeah , something is wrong . 
  anyway people here especially in rural are really religious and even the young people living there . 
  and we have like 40-50 % rural population so maybe it counts ... 
  orthodox patriarchy is different than the patriarchy you hear on vice news about kek, 
  it 's more about tradition . 
  myself i believe in god and i am a christian , but most of romanians especially young people are not as religious as the older people . 
  i do n't know many really religious people but i know several that practice the most important parts of the orthodox tradition because it 's now part of the country 's culture and since you grow up with it and your grandmother takes you with her to church since you are little it gets inside you and it 's hard to let it go lol . 
  fuck , our 120m tall cathedral wo n't be enough , make it 300m !, 
  well today we have an european union that does n't base itself on a middle eastern religion , we have freedom of speech , the women do n't get stoned like in saudi arabia ( one of the most advanced arabic countries of 2017 has sharia law lmao ) and we have multiple extremely religious people which would love to live by sharia law . 
  what will stop them from installing sharia once they will be the majority and what will stop them from installing their middle eastern religion over the european western values ? 
  no i do n't , do n't you have to attend the nights prayer ? 
  go fast before sharia police knocks on your door . 
  also watch out at the weekend , you do n't want to be seen around drinking alcohol . 
   yeah , let 's look at a peaceful religion like the glorious , extremely european christianity european christianity did nothing like islam did . 
  islam is by its base a religion built on the idea to unite all of the arabs under one banner and rise a caliphate . 
  it 's hard for you to get inside the mind of a muslim since you grew up in a free society where you have the right to talk shit , gender equality and bs . 
  just like you want to defend these rights that 's how a muslim wants to take over europe , it 's their obligation towards allah . 
   there 's not even millions of people under isis rule , let alone children . 
  why do you talk without showing some sources ? 
  according to bbc which normally shitposts pro-muslim shit and has no interest in lying , according to the ihs conflict monitor in october 2016 there were about 6 million people living under isis from which a third of them are under 15 years old . 
   yeah you 're safe in one of the poorest most dysfunctional and crooked countries in europe . 
  stopped here . 
  this is n't about my country and it does n't change the fact that the amazing islamic community will eventually take over your capital very soon . 
  i do n't even care , ! remindme 5400 days see you then mr. superior brit . 
  well inviting them home clearly has n't worked too . 
  if the doner kebab guy at the corner is religious he really does as his book commands . 
   quran ( 2:191 -193 ) - `` and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out . 
  and al-fitnah [ disbelief or unrest ] is worse than killing ... but if they desist , then lo !, 
  allah is forgiving and merciful . 
  and fight them until there is no more fitnah [ disbelief and worshipping of others along with allah ] and worship is for allah alone . 
  but if they cease , let there be no transgression except against az-zalimun ( the polytheists , and wrong-doers , etc. ) '', 
  also let me remind you that there are millions of kids under isis rule at the moment and since years they 've been brainwashed to death , beheading people on camera as seen in multiple isis videos . 
  these kids are a ready army and when they will be 20 years old they will be blowing themselves up in europe . 
  it 's natural selection my friend . 
  that 's it , european fought against islam for 1400 years , sadly they will conquer us now . 
  political correctness will kill the european people .
