  because it looks under construction for me lol, 
  we win !, 
  haha , love to italy from romania < 3, 
  yes that 's true , i also know a guy named tiberius traian which i am really jelous of , such a badass sounding name . 
  you are not proud enough , look at us , we even kept the name . 
  you guys are idiots , i just said it because greeks like to call it constantinople and not instabul , you need to chill the hell down . 
  plus new york does n't have even a tiny bit of history compared to constantinople . 
  yep, 
  that 's very good to hear , it means that baltics are pretty safe then . 
  i dont care , i love my 1.9 l diesel lol , nothing can replace it < 3, 
  yes the 25 % of them that did n't end up in our politicians ' pockets . 
  that 's why i asked , it 's weird seeing a greek call it instabul hehe . 
  the most important thing is that you have a considerable russian minority . 
  countries with russian minority are very vulnerable to a minority uprise or something like that , look at moldova in the 90s , ukraine now , it 's amazing you made it into nato at this point nothing should worry you anymore but russians could always use their minorities as a reason to invade other countries ( poland in ww2 ) or to start an uprise and create small puppet states like transnistria and dpr etc. 
  i guess you were lucky . 
  remember russia never attacks , it just protects peace and their ethnic minorities . 
  maybe you mean constantinople ? 
  we know , much love from romania !, 
  i could care less about where french taxpayer money go to , i am not a politician and i did not ask for their money , i bet most of them do n't even want to give money to shit countries like romania but well , democracy you know ? 
  kek , ww3 will never happen , it did n't happen during the cold war , it wont happen now . 
  that 's because this is / r/europe not / r/colonies _ of_france and it just happens pretty much every european country bordering with russia got raped by russia and even the ones not sharing borders , so . . ruski pls . 
  just seeing crimea there you know the video is bs . 
  i am not sure about the law itself , i am pretty sure it 's not allowed to just cut big areas of beautiful natural forests of the carpathians , but yes , the corrupt government is hand in hand with the loggers and it makes everything possible . 
  the loggers usually cut trees from areas that are really hard to reach with normal road vehicles , more inside the forests , as a result nobody notices or bothers them . 
  yes and sorry , m ` lady !, 
  they are not crazy to cut their own forests , just cut the forests of the inferiors ... 
  nah , i am the gov son . 
  in the touristic areas it 's not done because people will notice , but in the romanian moldova region they do n't give a shit because it 's a poor region , they just cut down them trees and it 's not even a romanian company that does this it 's an austrian one . 
  everything is possible in romania if you have the right friends . 
   ruled by nazis and having no jobs . 
  kek 'd , nazis actually built up germany , opened job spots , have you seen any video from nazi germany ? 
  have you ever seen how people were living there ? 
  you probably do n't cause everything that has nazi in it is banned in your country . 
  eastern europe is fucked not because we are conservatives but because we had communism which fucked our countries for decades . 
   i prefer having a big muslim minority as you wish but time will come when the minority will become majority and the majority will control the country , good luck having the majority support the western evil democracy that fucked their lands for centuries over their islam law the sharia . 
   anyways most refugees have nothing to do with radical islam and many of them are not even religious . 
  that 's false . 
  you live in a secular country and that 's why you have this impression . 
  most of the muslims , even the non religious ones are still very connected to islam and islam with the islamic law is to them what the democratic values are for you . 
  there is a clash of two worlds here , islam and modern democratic societies ca n't be together in the same place ( see middle east ) . 
   imaginary islamization which will not even happen in west europe well that 's where you are wrong , kid . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jquxlqtbwoo listen to this wise man , 70 % of the refugees think like him , the other 30 % are not true muslims . 
  ( they do n't act like the quran commands them to act ) quran ( 2:191 -193 ) - `` and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out . 
  and al-fitnah [ disbelief or unrest ] is worse than killing ... but if they desist , then lo !, 
  allah is forgiving and merciful . 
  and fight them until there is no more fitnah ( disbelief and worshipping of others along with allah ) and worship is for allah alone . 
  but if they cease , let there be no transgression except against az-zalimun ( the polytheists ), 
  shh , they will find out about how we are rebuilding the roman empire !, 
  who wants anyway ? 
  lol, 
  that 's what liberalism stands for but the people that call themselves liberals these days are just like the fascists , but not the traditional ones , the exactly opposite , taking it to the extreme , pushing their degeneration down on us . 
  of course it 's better for the uk to stay in the eu , but the immigration laws and the way eu interferes in the politics of other countries not only led uk to a possible exit from the eu but will just push more countries for an exit , since people are starting to see this . 
  eu as an economic union is good but when it comes to politics , that 's what will lead to the end of it . 
  that 's a legitimate reason and a good reason . 
  but there is disinformation on the other side too and especially on the other side . 
  people , media , everyone was pushing heavily for remain and as a result people voted for brexit . 
  same thing happened with the elections in the us . 
  people are sick of media and the liberals pushing their lgbtqrfwjsugdnmkgh and political correct ideas and choosing what is the right choice and what is the wrong choice and that 's why people vote for the `` bad '' . 
  there is no right choice or wrong choice . 
  and by the way , many immigrants from eu like romania and bulgaria go to uk and live off benefits and this is true . 
   even in the uk , where a huge fraction of the population is university-educated , we still saw misinformation and ignorance in the eu referendum which arguably caused leave to win . 
  so if someone has a different opinion than what the mass media and the liberal wave pushes down the neck of other people , he is automatically ignorant and stupid ? 
  wow dude . 
  holy fuck , i never knew about this . 
  direct democracy is the real democracy and that 's how it should be everywhere . 
  now i get why russia invaded you , you deserve it, 
  relax romanians , look at his flag , france & malaysia , that 's why he put gypsies for romanians , we do n't even have malaysian tourists , but nice try . 
  wow , i do n't hate albanians , i even got to know few albanian guys irl . 
  it 's just that albanian criminals work more organised than the romanian ones , i mean check the wikipedia page for the albanian mafia , lots of info and stuff unlike the page about romania mafia , articles etc. 
  in reality we both have many criminals but imo albanians are more powerful and more united and more organised , that 's why crime organisations from albania tend to be more famous and to act more . 
  it 's a cool ass place for bike trips no doubt , the carpathians are amazing for a lot of activities and a lot of places to visit , i personally love hiking and i am always doing it in the carpathians since it 's cheap and awesome . 
  i hope you will have fun on your trip !, 
  they are able of doing damage , never underestimate people that have nothing to lose , but most of the times they just put their 6 year olds to pickpocket people etc. 
  i personally love poland , i 've been to krakow and i loved it , great people and country . 
  i believe the biggest thing that we have in common is our feelings towards russia for obvious reasons , lol . 
  no , they are all dead : / we can send you the corrupt boyars that killed them though : ^ ) we got plenty of these . 
  you almost did a big mistake son but you fixed it just fine !, 
  dude , do n't provoke us , we can gather around 500k gypsies and send them to you easily , we tell them luxembourg has tons of metal laying around , your `` country '' will be over populated with littol gypsi babies in 1 year , we will see who is gypsy after that ok ? 
  this is madness, 
  i am not saying every polish or serbian or albanian is a criminal , but in fact , the polish , serbian , albanian mafia are a widespread criminal network and this is a fact not a stereotype ( maybe more true for the albanian and serbian mafia , i mean they even have videogames and movies based on them ) . 
  i compared romania to these countries because we all have a similar past ( communism and poverty ) but it 's also true that there is no seriously big romanian mafia , even though there are lots of ethnic romanian criminals , we do n't have any big criminal group well known for activities in other european countries or usa . 
  moldavians and transylvanians wo n't agree :p, 
  yes and i am not exaggerating . 
   this does n't only apply to people from romania though , but also bulgaria it 's just gypsies , but it does n't hurt that much the image of bulgaria as it does for romania and that because the gypsies are called roma . 
  this is true for both sides , i used to hate hungary and hungarians a lot back in time because the general idea is that hungarians want to break romania apart , destroy it , divide it , blah blah ... , but then i went to transylvania for vacation and i met hungarians and they were cool and friendly and since then i changed my opinion , this hate is stupid . 
  perhaps you met me , i am going many times in lefkada and the ionian for vacation , i love greece and everytime i meet a greek he tells me that he likes a lot romanians and they really know a lot of stuff about romania , probably because you meet a lot of us since greece is like our no. 1 travel destination . 
  seriously i love you greek guys a lot , always kind and friendly , thanks !, 
  they are probably the only kind of people that ca n't integrate into a modern society . 
  you can offer them everything and they will still live by their rules.you can offer them a nice and clean house , they will sell the furniture , they will take out the cables and sell them for scrap metal , they will bring their horses inside the house and keep them there and they will sleep outside in their tents or improvised houses . 
  this is true for so many of them . 
  i wish , the day will come with i will meet a gypsy that has a job for more than a week , it just ca n't happen man , they are different . 
  they support that they do n't need school , they usually go for 3 classes , then they all end up begging and stealing . 
  they put little kids like 6 year olds to pickpocket people etc. 
  they are scum and i am not even racist but everyone that has seen one knows what i am talking about and the only people that will defend the gypsies are the ones that never seen or met one . 
  this is true for romanians too and also i know that many hungarians think in transylvania hungarians are discriminated etc , but in reality they have many rights and they live fine with romanians i mean i can understand the anger because of trianon , but i do n't think something can be done now really about it without creating more haos . 
  or just let them go abroad and get rid of them ... 
  i know , damn , it 's so fucked up , it just takes a little bit of thinking !, 
  yes , it 's amazing how a small minority can do such a big damage . 
  we have more hungarians in romania than gypsies , but damn . 
  also the thing about polish is true , especially the last years since their bromance with hungary started , it 's getting worse and worse , we did a lot of good stuff for other people in the past 100 years , but now we are viewed everywhere as a gypsy ghetto country .
