  thanks i forgot to add a / s, 
  [ we will fight russia guys ok ? 
  i will bring my dacia ] ( http://lh5.ggpht.com/-ohvxrm453ca/up5gjkd495i/aaaaaaapuwq/epexx7gxejc/s1200/dacia-duster-army-2%25255b2%25255d.jpg ), 
  holy fk stupid people they are failing for the tricks of the globalists and warmongering north atlantic terrorist organisation , russia is friend of everyone and vladimir putin is the greatest leader ever that wants peace everywhere around the world !, 
  i 've been there and it was pretty cool , the rest of the island has some nice scenary too , stayed for one night and it was pretty cool . 
  been there , cool city . 
  they also added iran for romania lol people here do n't even know the difference between iran and iraq, 
   having said that , canada , uk and romania being among these countries is hilarious to say the least . 
  most romanians do n't even know where iran is . 
  they probably asked people that browse around cnn too much . 
  if they asked normal people the result would be russia without a doubt . 
  yes but we are still poor and still need to fight more to become a better country for the future generations . 
  the communist mentality is still present because of old people , but the new generation which is the future of the country seems pretty strong and ready to fight so this country can have a future . 
  i have a big love for greece because i 've been many times in greece around many places , not only i loved it but your people are very kind and friendly towards romanians . 
  while we have a pretty bad reputation in other parts of europe because of our sweet minority that are called `` roma '' lately and creates a confusion , heck even makes some people afraid of romanians because they think we are some tsigan thieves , greeks seem not to care about that or know about that at all , i just get treated like a family member everywhere in greece . 
  i will be thankful for that and i will be coming back for vacation in greece many times , feels like a second home , sweet and beautiful country full of amazing people , everyone is jelous of you that 's why they are trying to destroy you with debts , military provocations and all kind of stuff , much love from romania , i wish the best for your future too . 
  yeah , there is no reason for greece to hate russia but it 's just annoying when i see , not only greeks but many lucky westerns who escaped from the hands of the communists acting like putin is the peaceful saint of the world . 
  thanks for understanding and much love to you and all the greek people i hope you will find sometime some moments of peace without this turkish threat knocking at your doors . 
   russia with invading ukraine and georgia and threatening the baltics . 
  it 's also a threat for poland and romania because of well ... history problems . 
  usually greeks have a positive thought about russia how come you escaped from the fake russian pacifist illusion ? 
  i swear when i see people from the western block praise russia i want to put them in one of the warsaw pact countries for one day and understand how cool it is to be friend of russia ... 
  turkey is for greece is like russia for romania , even the most `` open-minded left-liberal pacifist no more borders '' guy hates them , lol . 
  that would make it worse for uk since people listening to the words of a prophet that was into little girls might be more into it and ukip is trying to fight them , i do n't think it will work bro . 
  yes but it 's used too strictly , maybe potheads on reddit want some since they enjoy relaxing . 
  when albania join up with serbia, 
  suprised about romania tbh , a lot of people here are crying that majority of our country is old people yet this shows that we are doing pertty good . 
  lol, 
  welcome, 
  they should legalise medical heroin, 
  i use alcohol to treat my illness and it 's legal . 
  what is the opinion of the majority of the usr parliamentals regarding homosexual marriage ? 
  well usually when people protests against the government in usa or something they burn the flag , good luck doing that at a protest in romania . 
  yes , in romania it does n't matter if you are conservative or not , religious or not , straight or homosexual , people that care are proud to hold the romanian flag and respect it , it 's a bit more different than the west . 
  well we basicly won , but people are still protesting because they want the government to resign , they want more , but i do n't think the government will resign so probably these protests wo n't have any more results really . 
  it 's crazy to think how small constantinople was in 1200ad compared to how it is today . 
  yet it was the biggest city at that time . 
  does he accept romanians ? 
  so ... did we win ? 
  i remember the price to pass this bridge was 12 euros or something , so i just took the ferry for like 6 and spent the rest on some gyro and beer . 
  well they do n't know what happens when russian troops get on your lands ... 
  the only bad thing usa did to our countries was to let us under communism after ww2 , that 's the only reason for an eastern european to hate usa , but with them bringing their troops around , i forgive them for that . 
  yes it actually , the situation is almost the same pretty much . 
  a nation divided . 
  the issue with transnistria is not only something that stands in the middle of the unification but it 's also a problem for the moldovan state itself . 
  however the real problem is that there are many moldovans who prefer to think of themselves as moldovans and not romanians and they do not want unification . 
  the problem of identity in moldova is the main thing that stands in the way of reunification but also russia 's interests in the area . 
  the transnistrian issue would have a solution if there were really hard efforts for unification i believe . 
  basicly the reunification is impossible in reality , not only because of all of these but it 's a bit harder because just imagine the process . 
  moldova is also a very poor country and there are many romanians that do n't want reunification because they are afraid that it will have a hard impact on the already shitty romanian economy . 
  there are many obstacles but i think the majority of romanians would agree to a reunification but i am not so sure about the moldovans . 
  it is more influenced by russia but at the of day all of moldova ( not only the republic ) is a bit more influenced by the slavs in general , can be noticed if you take a look at the accent and the cuisine etc. 
  thing is there were not many russians living there and certainly the romanians that were living there were not differing themselves that much from the people living in wallachia , after all , there is no difference at all , except traditional clothing , music and some more minor aspects ( which are almost the same in the romanian part of moldova ) . 
  the problem is that the wave of nationalism and ethnic consciousness that appeared in europe and united the romanian principalities after all of the people that were speaking romanian gained a common feeling of belonging to the same nation did n't create a `` moldovan nation '' . 
  that wave created the romanian nation which was a result of unity between all of the romanian speaking people . 
  the process started in ussr , instead of teaching romanian literature , language etc at school ussr replaced all of these with `` moldovan literature , moldovan language '' basicly spliting the moldovans from romanians somehow and as a result here you are not more than 100 years later , people in moldova are split between people that consider themselves romanians and people that consider themselves moldovan . 
  yes , i am from the part of moldova that was a part of the principality of moldova till it united with the principality of wallachia to form romania . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/moldova-basarabia-bucovina.png there is a part of the historic moldova that is now under romania and then you have bessarabia which was many times under russian occupation but still has a romanian-speaking majority . 
  there is no difference really , it 's just that there was a lot of propaganda going on while moldovan republic was under ussr to create the `` moldovan nation '' and that 's what makes some moldovans think being moldovan is different . 
  in reality moldovans considered themselves romanian , read more here if you are interested : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/controversy_over_ethnic_and_linguistic_identity_in_moldova#history, 
  i do n't understand why i should downvote you , you literally just pointed out that there was a romanian majority in transylvania , hell the difference is really big with 1.000.000 + plus more romanians . 
  romania deserved that land without doubt . 
  you forget that the austro-hungarian empire was one of the last multinational empires , you ca n't compare something like that to current day situation in crimea . 
  we 've been waiting since 1950 to be honest . 
  i do n't think you understand what holocaust denial is . 
  holocaust denial is to say that the extermination of jewish people did n't happen . 
  that is holocaust denial . 
  i just said that a lot of these killings happened because of poor conditions in a lot of labour camps ... which is true and accepted by everyone , no need to make it such a big issue , jesus christ ... 
  nope , i am from the romanian part of moldova !, 
  people here call themselves moldovans and this area was part of the principality of moldavia that would later unite with principality of wallachia to form romania . 
  the romanian moldova together with bessarabia ( republic of moldova ) forms the historical moldova , but today it is split and there is a big controversy over ethnic and linguistic identity in republic of moldova . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/moldova-basarabia-bucovina.png this map might help you understand it better , heh . 
  the worst part about being a romanian moldovan is that romanians look at you like a moldovan and consider you a savage and moldovans look at you as a romanian and think you are hostile and want to annex them , feels bad man . 
  why ? 
  that 's the truth , most of the concentration camps were labour camps as seen here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_nazi_concentration_camps also read here about camps like auschwitz :  almost all prisoners suffered from boils , rashes , and abscesses that resulted mostly from vitamin deficiency and infections . 
  1942-1943 ( and especially 1942 ) went down in the history of the camp as a period of raging epidemics , and especially typhus which claimed the greatest number of lives . 
  they have achieved nothing important so far , they do n't have a steady ideology other than `` we will stop corruption '' and that 's it . 
  if they ever get to form a majority in the parliament they would probably fail considering that they will not agree on different laws and actions . 
  they also have many foreigners in the party ( something that many romanians do n't like ) and that 's it pretty much . 
  i do n't think i will vote for them until they give me a good reason to , at the moment they are just a random party that wants to appear as an alternative to our other shitty parties but they do n't give a solid reason to vote for them other than that so ... 
  well maybe that 's because the `` death '' camps were just labour camps and most of the people inside there died by diseases due to overcrowding and poor conditions ? 
  he was just lucky and strong to live through it . 
  not denying holocaust or anything like the guy below me says , just saying that most of the concentration camps were labour camps and this guy could of been part of some of these that 's why he survived . 
  i mean if he was in some extermination camp i think it 's normal to think that he would be dead by now . 
  that 's what every ex-warsaw member country thinks lol , that feeling is strong in romania too well not now but it was , it will appear again soon i guess . 
  yes lord vlad tepes, 
  this uprise rised the moral of romanians very high . 
  we needed something like this after 27 years of pure sadness , depression and doubts about our country . 
  not only that but we are also seen as inferior by other european countries , a lot of other europeans see us like some ghetto or something because of the many gypsies that roam around europe and give us a bad image , an image of dirty poverty . 
  but after this day i think every single soul on this earth , even myself which i live very far from home , can feel very proud to be romanian , nothing else matters . 
  today was a day that will count for 30 more years and i hope one day i will be home . 
  thank you my friend and also thanks for the support we got from bulgarians , with that gathering in sofia . 
  bulgarians do not suck as people , we thought the same too about ourselves , but our politicians crossed the lines . 
  one day i can assure you that not only romania , but every single country that lived through years of communism and now suffers of corruption and poverty will no longer be inferior to other european countries and will finally be able to stand on their feet . 
  the next generation of people are fresh people , open minded , ready to use all means for the future of their country , this is what romania proved today and i believe it counts for every country that shares similar history with us in the pass 100 years . 
  god bless bulgarians , god bless us and every honest guy on this world , but not the corrupt scum that sucked our countries for centuries . 
  nothing anymore , i love it and i love our people more than anything on this world . 
  the future of our great nation !, 
  it would be more people if they were giving some sarmale for free .
