  you ca n't speak romanian and claim you are speaking `` moldovan '' while you are clearly speaking romanian , lol . 
  what you posted is not right . 
  who the fuck is such scum to prefer eu flag over his own flag ? 
  you make us all look like shit . 
  at least speak in your name and do n't say `` in romania we love eu more than romania '' . 
  fuck off dude i bet you are a hungarian youself . 
  i do n't care if you like the eu flag more than ours but our flag is our flag and what you did by this post is absolutely disgusting , stop speaking in our name . 
  it is owned by a hungarian separatist like op said . 
  why dont they just unite with bulgaria ? 
  they are slavs after all . 
  this way easy eu and easy nato for `` macedonians '' . 
  yes, 
  not really , once i bashed gypsies and i got 2x gold . 
  come in romania and say this, 
  yes i did but fuck it now i will just leave it here . 
  50 years we will see, 
  it 's just a mountain cabin aimed for tourists , what 's that much of a big deal ? 
  go at a public square and start stepping on the romanian flag and see what happens if you think that our flag is not important . 
  it 's just a mountain cabin for tourists lol go in romania in public and put a flag on the ground and start stepping on it you will get beat up . 
  your ancestors nationalism led to protecting your ass today . 
  and you do n't have to be nationalistic to be proud of a piece of cloth . 
  take as example feudal monarchies , people were still fighting for a piece of cloth even under other ethnicities as long as they were loyal to the same crown . 
  if it was n't for them your name would be ahmad today and you would be taken to shariah court of claiming the takbir flag is a piece of cloth , but whatever floats your boat . 
  if your ancestors thought like you , you would n't exist today . 
  no doubt serbs hanged you from trees you guys are annoying as fuck . 
  says the anarcho commie ? 
  do you even live in romania ? 
  true i am so ashamed of this post, 
   if the majority would say they want to get rid of some people the majority already wants this here, 
  me thinking it surely has no influence on that fact but when 15 million people think it then i think it should have an influence . 
  why ? 
  just because they are anormal ? 
  the state should respresent the majority of the population in a democracy and if the majority does n't want the state to be offering some services then it should n't . 
  `` the church '' is always the arguement i get . 
  the fuck ? 
  do we have to be religious guys to be anti-gay ? 
  where does this logic come from ? 
  if you want to be respected , respect , i am pro-eu , i am agnostic and i am against homosexual marriage . 
  and the majority of romanians is like me . 
  so why do n't you respect the majority that wants to ban homosexual marriage ? 
  speak for yourself our banner is above everything, 
  now i know how magyarobros feel take care of it ukrainian bros < 3, 
  you should be ashamed , it is very sexist to objectify a woman 's body to accomplish your political goals !!, 
  beautiful 2 . 
  cheap not a surprise really , i am visiting myself next year . 
  nk was hungry during the 90s it 's much better now , especially in pyongyang . 
  if people were really hungy for decades they would eventually rebel . 
  what do you mean bro we all know jesus had 100 % pure geto-daco-roman blood ... 
  according to hungarian extremists it expires in 3 years . 
  topkek, 
  they know how it feels like to keep other ethnic minorities without rights and to treat them like second class citizens . 
  well do you even know that our fascist leader was arrested by the king and a coup happened and he did n't just wake up one day and switched sides ? 
  plus we did n't even have an army after the eastern front , we never switched sides , we just surrendered because the king imprisoned antonescu and executed him later and the king was helped by the communists ( ussr & romanian traitors ) . 
  these times are characterised by the rise of nationalistic movements , so it is only normal that the last two multiethnic empires left in europe , ottoman empire & austria-hungary would fall and they both did fall and what should be done , transilvania was populated by romanians , that 's why it is romania today . 
  if transilvania is your land then greece is ottoman land aswell . 
  there is no difference . 
  place freely it 's your land , do what you want on it , but let us do what we want on our land too . 
  : ^ ) he knows what he is saying, 
  yes he was half son of an ottoman gypsy and his mom was a romanian woman , the only reason he was not a slave as a gypsy was because he was an ottoman citizen according to wikipedia but there is no way he reached the noble status by being son of a random ottoman gypsy so perhaps his father was a noble of the ottoman empire ? 
  i do n't know . 
  nothing weird about it , ethnicity did n't matter in these times like it does now . 
  also he converted to christianity before becoming a noble of the principality . 
  both are not ok, 
  communists are scum, 
  yeah , the only difference is you guys like russia a lot while here a lot of people hate them because well obvious reasons , communist past , took pieces of our land , but whatever , i think we will always be cool with greeks , we literally have no reason to hate eachother !, 
   wonderful girls yeah , many work in your brothels sadly : ^ ), 
  true , there have been a couple times that people asked me where i am from and when i said i am from romania they are like `` that 's weird because you are white '' and things like this it 's really amazing how ignorant some people can be , but the media is not helping either . 
  i am tired of explaining to people we are not the same with gypsies . 
  one good country is greece to be honest , i never met any greek that had a bad opinion about us i mean i have travelled in greece a lot since i love it and everytime when i tell someone i am romanian they are like : `` oh yeah !, 
  vlad the impaler ! '', 
  `` do you know about the greek revolution ? 
  it started from there ! '', 
  `` you guys have great mountains , i 've visited , beautiful country ! '', 
  `` you are orthodox like us right ? 
  `` that 's cool !, 
  how do you celebrate easter ? 
  how do you celebrate christmas ? '', 
  i do n't know why but greeks seem so nice when they hear about us and they are very curious many times . 
  also many know a lot about our country for some reason . 
   chose the wrong side during there is nothing wrong in fighting against bolshevism . 
  we really need some leopards tbh, 
  well i mean , it would solve the problem for sure but there are other and better methods that cost less . 
  maybe they are right ? 
  would this happen if that islamist was kicked out of the country ? 
  think a bit . 
  this is why we must not take islamists in our country , we should take example . 
  not all muslims are terrorists , it would be very islamophobic to accuse them and against european democratic values : ^ ), 
  romania can into slav this time, 
  they should do a big march from bucharest to amsterdam or something and stay there . 
  that 's why their women search love in the hands of ahmeds . 
  true , why should based countries be in the same union with ladyboys and fags ? 
  that 's how it is during war , i did n't say that germans were good guys , i just said that for us they were much better than the soviets . 
  if you asked any old man in romania that lived through ww2 , he would tell you that the germans were very good and civilized while russians were some savages and animals . 
  that 's how it is in a war , i hate the ussr for what they did to us and you hate germans for what they did to you , not suprising . 
  for us here in romania the germans were much better than stalin since we were allies but i understand the rest of the world too so you are right . 
  was just acting like the average putinist , just kidding nothing much . 
  i was just being sarcastic dude ofc they are europeans, 
   my hope is that one day russia will stand trial against the crimes it must pay dearly for . 
  i get called nazi sympathiser when i say this . 
  oh wait , i actually might be , after all nazis did n't steal , rob and kill in every village they passed from and did n't steal from my lands for decades after the war and did n't deport my family from their original homeland and install russian speaking population .
