  do n't worry romani is the plurar for `` romanian '' in romanian and the plurar of `` roman '' in latin , do n't let the pc word for gypsies make you feel bad . 
  nothing , something about macron and prince . 
  these people are usually unemployed or students that do n't have anything to do in their free time so they prefer going to protest for the lols, 
  paid by soros, 
  well better than being known as gypsies i guess, 
  russia has almost the same gdp per capita as romania lol, 
  most think we are the land of gypsies , implying that gypsies could rule a country lol, 
  it 's ok , they are preparing for what it is to come , in 200 years romania will be a gypsy majority state anyway unless holocaust v2 happens . 
  rasnov citadel is one of the best things to see in transylvania, 
  if you are wondering why there are no gypsies in this picture is because gypsies do n't go to school . 
  stereotypes are for butthurt hungarians that is the reason . 
  i confirm, 
  romani is a political correct bullshit word like 20 years old which to many of us seems more like a conspiracy to merge romanians and gypsies in one , but whatever , here in romania gypsies call themselves tigani ( just like gypsies , gitanos , \u03c4\u03c3\u03b9\u03b3\u03b3\u03ac\u03bd\u03bf\u03b9 , cigani in other languages ) and they do n't consider themselves romanians ( unless they need to leave for w.europe ) so we are fine , it 's just western europe needs to learn the difference . 
  i have an albanian friend and he told me a lot of stuff . 
  you ca n't even compare our communism with your communism . 
  sadly for the albanians , it was much , much worse . 
  the only thing we inherited from the romans is our language and our name because of it . 
   when we think of albania we think of povery , crime , islam etc. 
  ironic because that 's what all europe thinks about us , but instead of islam add gypsies . 
  when people claim romania 's communist regime was the worst remind them of albania and their isolation , romanians could even watch american series on tv lol, 
  well this map only shows one thing , the top ranked . . 
  all countries of the eastern block are the same, 
  it 's our gold fuck off, 
  i rather live with -20 honestly than with 30 and 40 , here in romania we have both -20 and 40 and i know how it feels , i hate summer more than anything , trust me , you are just fine up there !, 
  i am moving to finland you guys are so lucky anything above 25 is hell for me . 
  condolences, 
  no thnx, 
   help me god almighty and vladimir putin lol, 
  mostly everyone hates it but you ca n't do anything about it there will always be people that like this music , it 's like the typical balkan party music of our days you can hear the same type of songs in serbia , greece , bulgaria and at us but a lot of romanians hate it because they consider it degenerate gypsy music since mostly gypsies sing it here unlike the other listed countries . 
  it 's romanian turbofolk but as is tradition in our lands , gypsies sing the music , some say it is the only legal thing gypsies can do right , but i still dont like this degenerate music . 
  there is a simple solution , go out there and put trucks carrying logs on fire , in this country , logging is one of the biggest businesses of the boyars , it wo n't stop legally . 
  yes they doing something , logging . 
  shit happens when bolshevism wins . 
  even better , it really is n't and you should also remove wallachia i think . 
  i am just thinking of the future , they reproduce faster than us so i do n't want in the future some gypsies to become like kurds to want their own state within our state , if they assimilate and become romanians before they become too many and romanians feel that our national security is threatened then everything will be alright . 
  same thing i would like for szekelys and hungarians in the west but they are not a threat because they reproduce as much as us so ... but just know this shall they ever reach 20 % of our popoulation or higher things wo n't be good here and i am trying to fix this , there are many romanians that would agree with death camps for them so i believe my solution is the best , you do n't know how much people hate them here , because of what they do , their isolation , they shame us in the west , gypsi is one of the worst insults here , it 's like saying , subhuman . 
  on the other side they never fought for anything and most of the times they fight eachother but there will still be chaos if they grow too much in population , i am trying to find the best and most peaceful solution and that is assimilation and integration . 
  maybe they should integrate in the countries they live in since many of them are citizens of a specific country already ? 
  that would solve the problem here too . 
  if they are from romania they should use the romanian flar , after all , they claim they are romanians when they go in western europe . 
  transylvania will become transylvania ( romania ) and szekler and roma will be removed , fucking perfect ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  well at least there is some historical background for this specific kind of statue at this location , it makes more sense now thanks . 
  hungary has amazing history with important kings n sheit , you make a 12,5 m statue and it is this ? 
  i was talking more about poland and romania in this case but it does n't change anything because russia cries a lot about these too , if the finnish government wants to conduct drills with the us army then i do n't understand what 's their fucking problem . 
  ignore him many romanians on reddit are very triggered by religion because our church leader is corrupt so they are too blind to see that christianity is one of the things on which european civilization was built upon and too ignorant to know and accept it . 
  at least , they represent only a small percentage of our population so everything is good . 
  i am also an orthodox and i love monarchy , i do n't want to force anyone to believe or have a good thought of monarchy but it 's funny seeing stuff like this from time to time , the average romanian wants the politicians to be impaled infront of the parliament by vlad tepes but at the same time hate authoritarian governments because of people like ceausescu so we are a strange kind of people so yeah , peace be with you greek brother !, 
  russia can be present and kill people in syria because they are invited by the syrian government , but us ca n't be present and take part in military drills with other nato nations even if invited by the other nato nations because it 's too close to the russian borders . 
  typical rtard logic . 
  that was a huge drop :(, 
  it was not their fault mang if alexius iv never went to zara nothing would happen , seriously now thinking of it considering the impact the sacking of constantinople by the crusaders had on the future of the byzantine empire if someone was to time travel back in time and stop him the whole history would be changed . 
  n sheit, 
  fucking noobs serbs refused to make the argonath real life wtf is wrong with you ? 
  wuz, 
  i wish ceausescu turned romania to north korea . 
  we would have nukes and shit . 
  damn , sadly we are way too high . 
  the imperealist americans did it, 
  the only water i buy is sparkling water, 
  this forest and mountain bullshit is retarded imo , nobody lives in caves and forests for 1000 years . 
  vlachs were always in the area , all over balkan and they were blending with other tribes and populations only till basarab i managed to unite all the vlachs and form wallachia . 
  this makes much more sense , the hungarian version of vlach history makes even more sense but everything dies when vlachs are mentioned as early as 6th century in the area . 
  moldova rightful hungarian land, 
  i understand him , after all , turkey has a great leader that cares for his people just like orban . 
  thank god we are not blue, 
  it 's beautiful, 
  this is kinda gay but whatever, 
  everytime someone posts anything that is considered beautiful in romania , it 's something that was built by ceausescu . 
  it 's imposible to post something beautiful from romania that is not from the time of ceausescu because nothing was built after 1989 . 
  ceausescu said no to the ussr multiple times , he broke relations several times , ussr was mad , after he fell down , kgb related , ussr affiliated fools take over what more sense does it need to make ? 
  that cross is very racist and islamophobic eu should sanction romania !, 
  here everyone is pro-europe , there are very few pro-russian people . 
  the fact that eu pushes shit like gay marriage and more stuff which many romanians do not agree wo n't change anything , when you have your fathers and grandfathers tell you how russians fucked them in the ass , then fucked the cows , then the chickens , things like gays and globalism do n't matter anymore . 
  yes thank god we have freedom and democracy . 
  who needs factories , production , less homeless people , infrastructure , law and order , less crime and zero unemployment when you have freedom after all ? 
  coup d'etat set up by ussr, 
  wait wtf i love merkel now, 
  calm down sven . 
  i think you are very racist and gypsophobic . 
  gypsies are very intelligent and hard working people . 
  and because we love you swedish people so much we allow you to take this wonderful minority and host them in your country so they can contribute to your society !, 
  we are very sad that our gypsies are leaving but that 's how it is ... :( (, 
  we stopped it a bit in the 40s, 
  calin al-romani, 
  soon romania should be red too, 
  this is even better than transfagarasan, 
  it 's so fucking hot, 
  this is kinda ... gay ... 
  if it was n't for ceausescu this road would n't exist today lol, 
  climate change is not real edit : lol fags stop downvoting i was just trying to trigger you, 
  and good pussy, 
  thanks i was too bored to pick it up . 
  if russia will take us over you will need to help us or else you will run out of wood supply kek, 
  psd is the best party in romania traitor grindeanu will be taken down, 
  romania would benefit from economic relations with russia , what is so scary lol, 
  because there are many russians in moldova that do n't want that ( seed planted by stalin after he deported the real moldovans ) . 
  and if moldova and romania would try to unite , rebels would appear controlled from hqs in transnistria and russia would support them to protect russian minorities just like they did in ukraine . 
  it 's not simple to try to join eu and nato when you have a russian minority . 
  here is your answer . 
  it 's similar because both are the creation of communist propaganda for decades that brainwashed people into thinking they are a different nation that other people that share the same language and religion and culture .
