  and the most annoying thing is that , its not true godammit !, 
  well , ( roma ) nia . 
  this is the biggest problem , this creates the confusion . 
  i always get angry , the mind says `` oh fuck here we go again , i need to explain this shit for the 500th time '' . 
  well , thanks , it 's good hearing some good words these days about people who have real contact with ethnic romanians because all you hear these days about romania is how they export tanned beggars in london and paris . 
  i do n't worry about it but sometimes it reaches to the point which is annoying as hell . 
  thanks , this is what most of the people that visit romania tell me , sadly this bad reputation is here to stay for a long time . 
  to be honest , look around us , polish mafia , serbian mafia , albanian mafia , serious organised crime , the only `` romanian '' `` mafia '' is some gypsy guy putting his wife to beg while he goes to collect metal , except sorin matei and emil matasareanu i ca n't think of any big romanian criminals . 
  thank you bulgarian bro !, 
  we are together in this shit . 
  no problem , personally i think the hungarian-romanian hate comes outside of transylvania , because in transylvania , romanians and hungarians live in peace and harmony most of the times and i have several hungarian friends which are really kind and friendly to me . 
  i do n't know , i am wondering the same , till few years back i only knew about the word tsigan . 
  yeah , i mean even in romania when you want to insult someone you call him a gypsy , most of the people in eastern europe , like russians , hungarians etc which hate us , know that we are not gypsies but still call us like that because they know we get annoyed when we get called like that , but sadly i am sure in nordic countries and uk , france , germany there are a lot of people that really think romanians are gypsies because the only contact they have with people from romania are the ones the media shows and the media shows only gypsies . 
  i do n't know man , many times it feels like people are really trying hard to harm the national identity of romanians . 
  i do n't know , it literally takes a bit of common sense to realise it 's not possible for a country like romania to be the country of gypsies . 
  i mean we fought with germans till stalingrad in ww2 , it just takes a 10 second look in a history book to realise this , would the german army fight next to the gypsy army ? 
  well they insult us because they think we are gypsies , pretty much everyone in europe who had contact with a gypsy hates them for obvious reasons , so the idea of a gypsy country , yeah not good bro , not good . 
  there is not a positive towards romania map , everyone hates us , and they hate us because of the gypsies , which hate us too because we hate them . 
  feels bad to be romanian these days man , vlad would just impale some and solve the stereotype . 
  eh , there is no language that they are called `` romani '' really before this political correct bs word showed up hell knows where from , they are as you call them too tsigans , or gypsies , gitanos etc i do n't even know where this roma word came from but i do n't care really , people that have been in romania know who the true romanians are and i am pretty most of them left with a good impression about us , so , this stereotype will die one day . 
  shit , the day came even czechs call us gypsies , all is left now is bulgaria to do the same and it 's all done !, 
  it 's funny because trump actually wants us to act less like the world police and wants good relations with russia unlike clinton which literally threatened russia multiple times , cry us a river . 
  10 years since we are known as tigans in europe, 
  yes i know , romanian politics in a nutshell , they are lucky romanians are not really starving or they would probably have the same fate as our `` great leader '' in 1989 . 
  yes funny fact , the guy proposed actually said himself that he will be under dragnea 's commands , how more stupid can someone be ? 
  you think people would vote iohannis again if he accepted a muslim woman as pm in romania ? 
  iohannis at the moment has the trust of every romanian , even some psd members are happy with his choice of rejecting her , not only she was muslim , but her husband has ties with the assad regime , if iohannis accepted this nominalization he would be done for in 2019 and he knows it . 
  trust me one of the reasons he rejected her was because she is a muslim and romanians would get angry at him , but fortunately her husband 's ties with assad etc gave him a good enough reason to reject her and not look like he rejected her for being muslim at the same time . 
  people were disappointed because she is a muslim , i do n't know why you are getting downvoted , i guess people do n't like the truth . 
  but yeah , iohannis refused her because of security issues . 
  romanians do n't protest at all unless people die so yeah , agree with that . 
   i think romanians would have accepted her nah , only a little minority in romania would accept a woman and muslim as pm in reality , the thing with assad and stuff was just a good solid reason to reject her . 
  vaslui rises all of moldova up :p, 
  during the last 100 years russia , most precisely ussr harmed romania in many ways . 
  on the other side , the only way the us harmed romania was letting us in the hands of ussr . 
  nothing could be done about that anyway . 
  i am aware of the current situation in middle east and of us 's activity around the world in the past years but honestly i do n't care . 
  i believe nations act for their own interest and both us and russia caused harm to many people in the past 100 years . 
  now if you tell me russia is the saint that did n't touch anyone that 's where you are wrong . 
  there is a reason eastern european countries hate russia . 
  not only they can use and are using their very good tactic of `` protecting minorities '' seeds which stalin planted years ago and that proved to be a very effective way of taking over areas through arming of rebel groups , but they also run puppet states all around their borders , see for example transnistria , republic of south ossetia , donetsk people 's republic and others , do you even know how people live in these only by russia recognised states ? 
  on the other hand russia at the moment in middle east is supporting a man which many people want down . 
  truly , maybe the uprise against assad was plan of the us , that does n't mean assad ca n't resign and call an election or whatever so the situation can be solved . 
  instead russia keeps supporting the war , trying to win it so they can still have influence over the very important area of middle east . 
  russia is great at gaining good support from europeans , like you for example . 
  their propaganda is very good , rt is doing an excelent job . 
  one year ago they used to bash erdogan and turkey , now they show them as putin 's friends , working on vlad 's orders . 
  you are too blind to see their manipulation ? 
  both the us and russia act for their interests in their own ways . 
  i never said russia is worse than us or that the us is the good guy . 
  myself i believe both countries harmed other people to secure their power over other countries . 
  as a irrelevant country , romania still has to choose a side , that 's how it is and as russia harmed romania the most , romanian people will never agree to host russians on their territory , but american troops are something our fathers and grandfathers were waiting for since the communist times . 
  i know it 's hard for you to realise this , because you never grew up with the horrible war stories of your grandfather about what the ussr soldiers did to us or how communism destroyed their dreams and hopes , but for us it happened and now most of us prefer the us over russia , and that is the end of it . 
  most romanians would prefer hillary over trump because she would keep a more anti-russian stance . 
  myself , i prefer trump , because i believe good relations between the us and russia is something that will be good for everyone and it 's better than living with fear of a war between the us and russia ( even if it would n't happen anyway ) . 
  we love the troops you bring here , makes us feel safe against russia , as you notice we like the us more than the west , because they never had russians close to their border and they do n't know what russia is capable of , see ukraine for example . 
  there are russian minorities all over eastern europe ready to get the approval of starting an uprise like in ukraine , but thank god the american troops on our soil will not allow such a thing , that 's why we love you , thanks !, 
  i would say 10 % maybe 20 % . 
  i do n't know , i never met anyone pro-russian i mean you know the liberals are against putin as they see him as a dictator and the nationalists/conservatives are against russia for obvious historical reasons so i guess the only pro-russians in romania are the ones that have a direct or indirect relation to russia in any way , and they are a small minority . 
  til 53 % of romanians like russia obviously wrong , so wrong , wrong on so many levels , maybe they meant 3 % . 
  because they are dumb westerns . 
  if they had a common border with russia they would know what a russian is . 
  stay strong brothers from ukraine we know what russian aggression is . 
  i do n't celebrate the death of those 92 men , but it does n't hurt me either . 
  this would never happen if it was not allowed to drive a truck just like the nice attack . 
  assault trucks must be banned asap !, 
  he lifts his finger up , that 's the tawhid sign , performed by isis https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isis'_index_finger_signal, 
  i am a man and i am offended , this map is clearly sexist , i demand gender equality !, 
  lol , same here !, 
  i thought probably the thief would be one of our awesome and unique minority guys , you know ... 
  yup , search for it , they are recognised by very few un member countries , always russia and perhaps 2-3 more . 
  you are romanian ? 
  do n't you know about the situation in romania ? 
  this is how it is ... it 's the sad reality ... 
  romania is not the west man , socialist or not it does n't matter , liberal or not , right or left , these do n't matter and do n't exist in romania the church campaigned for psd for years and it still does , they tell old people to vote for psd , how you think they get 45 % ? 
  all religious people vote for them because the priest tells them . 
  so psd and the church are hand in hand ... 
  that 's what would happen if pnl and usr were governing , but with psd that are hand in hand with the church , i doubt something like this would happen . 
  the referendum limiting the number of parliamentary seats to 300 did n't matter because it would lower the number of parliamentars that could profit off being a parliamentar so what politician in his right mind would agree with that in romania ? 
  anyway who cares we will see . 
  donetsk people 's republic , pridnestrovian moldavian republic , republic of abkhazia , republic of south ossetia self proclaimed states only recognised by russia to serve as little russian hqs in countries around , direct result of russian influence on other countries and some people still claim russia is the saint-country and nato the evil one ... 
  the parliament promised a referendum to ban homosexual marriage by constitution or not around may 2017 after the church gathered 3 million signatures . 
  edit : 3 million signatures . 
  being a gypsy is not about stealing and begging always but that 's what they do mostly because they fail to secure a future for themselves and their 7 children because someone that is a gypsy probably has n't finished more than 6 classes because gypsies do n't send their kids to school . 
  some gypsies also sing , some work with steel and make frying pans and shit like this , some sell flowers , some do something else , but it 's easy to spot someone is a gypsy , here in romania there are even pale gypsies but you can still spot them by the way they talk and the way they dress , so it 's not about skin color or origins it 's about the way of life , because if they choose to integrate and starting going to school and stuff nobody in romania would consider them gypsies anymore , and if they also started to feel romanian for example we would consider them romanians without problem , but they do n't want . 
  no just 95 % of them , the other 5 % are not considered gypsies anymore because they do n't live the gypsy way of life , stealing and begging . 
  in romania they are way lower than i thought they 'd be , i never met any romanian that likes them lol, 
  i call eastern europe every country that has commie flats , so i think we are eastern europe . 
  now ask `` would you be confortable if your child was in a relationship with a gypsy '' . 
  no there are no russian troops in ukraine stop with your propaganda there are no russian troops in ukraine and no russian weapons i saw this on rt news, 
  white people do n't breed enough , others do , others will replace these people , simple . 
  i think you do n't have a place in the kingdom of heaven, 
  well even progressive romanians would never agree to give transilvania to hungary or autonomy for szekely land so ... 
  this castle is not that full of tourists , also bran is also beautiful for people that like medieval history , at least for me it was , true many people do n't like it because they expect medieval castles to look and have the looks of peles castle which is a 19 century palace in reality . 
  this castle is way better than bran and less known by tourists , usually tourists visit bran castle thinking about dracula and shit not even knowing it was n't even vlad 's castle . 
  i like the roofs of the new one, 
  i wish romania was more than poland , keep up bros. 
  same in romania, 
  looks better imo, 
  brexit wo n't even happen lol,
