  do n't bother people here wo n't understand , they live in their own utopia till europe will turn into israel and that 's when problems with start . 
  lol , maybe they want to point out the greek part of it , since tzatziki is the greek touch , but gyros in greek literally means `` turn '' like spinning , which is the same as what doner means . 
  also the greek version has different pita if i am right too , basicly it 's different thing but both words are regarding the meat and literally gyros and doner refers to meat that spins on the pole . 
  it 's just that muslims do n't put pork meat on their stuff , there is no pork doner but there is pork gyros while it looks the same , meat spinning on a pole . 
  but still you wo n't find pork shawarma or pork doner meat . 
  gyros is the meat which is on the pole spinning , like doner , when you are in greece you ask for a pita gyro pork which usually comes with tzatziki or you can also ask for pita gyro chicken which comes with sauce usually because tzatziki goes well with pork and sauce with chicken . 
  if you use other meat like sausage or patty meat , it 's not called gyro anymore even if you can put these inside the pita . 
  but doner is never pork because turks do n't eat pork . 
  tl ; dr gyro and doner is the same thing , meat that spins around on the pole , but gyro can also be pork . 
  just replace it with gyros . 
  it 's the same thing but pork . 
  in morti mati de tigan borat, 
  his biggest fans are people that cry daily about erdogan turning into a dictator but i bet they would love if mr. pootin did a referendum about him becoming tsar with absolute power . 
  i hope our politicians do n't see this and get some nice ideas . 
   50plus ( 50plus )  pensioners ' interest , populism this would win in romania, 
  even less with the flying spaghetti monster . 
  that 's because nobody takes satanism serious and never had power . 
  authoritarian governments and leaders in the past 100 years that acted against religion in the name of atheism killed more people than religion itself in the past 1000 years lol, 
  the sooner atheism disappears forever , the better for everyone . 
  well it 's easier for us , i mean our national holiday is about a big part of the multiethnic austro-hungarian empire populated by a majority of romanians ( transylvania ) that joined up with romania , do you really expect them to take part in such a celebration ? 
  lol, 
  ceausescu did a lot for the country , more than today 's idiots . 
  he was an authoritarian leader and like every authoritarian leader , he had to build a nice country to show his power off and he did it . 
  no gypsy calls himself roma , even here we call them tsigans and they call themselves tsigans . 
  roma is just a political correct word to try to change their shitty image since the word tsigan is an insult here , sadly they ruined their new name too and romania together with it since it 's similar and creates confusion . 
  i bet they were gypsies , their parents do n't even care anyway why should we ? 
  they have 6 more kids to send to beg in uk anyway . 
  ah , this map is so nice colored , better dead than red . 
  romania strong ic xc nika infidels, 
  fyrom confirmed bulgarian , again . 
  yes that 's the real democracy but you ca n't change the people especially when between the people and democracy stands islamism with its own law and own morals that many times contradict today 's democratic values of the west . 
  kurds have the right of self defence and like i said in their mind what they are doing is right by them . 
  but that does n't change the fact that turkey also has that right and they can fight the kurds . 
  well , after several interactions with turks , not only on reddit because the turks hanging around here are westernized but with more people living in turkey and around the internet i made this impression for myself that probably the majority of turks are pro-erdogan at this point but i am waiting to confirm this to once i see the results of the referendum in april to say this for sure . 
  now probably will be like `` hurr durr that 's because of his propaganda '' but that 's not exactly how it works . 
  it does play a role but many turks probably agree with his ideas and his views for the future of turkey . 
  so if this is the case ( i am not so sure about this but this is the image i have ) then a civil war will be nothing else than a war against turkey and its people , considering that overthrowing a government supported by the majority is against democracy itself . 
  you do n't fight a dictatorship by installing another dictatorship and if someone respects democracy and freedom they should respect the choice of the turkish people that support erdogan . 
  turkey probably gives less fucks about isis than kurds . 
  isis will be destroyed in several years , they will never get the threat turkey seriously , on the other side there are many kurds living inside turkey , separatists that want to harm turkey . 
  the world is not about candy and sweets , there are no bad and good people , everyone just tries to survive somehow . 
  at this point , turkey has to fight their problem and if their problem is fighting another problem , it makes things even easier . 
  civil war is never the answer , it will harm your country even more . 
  well i do n't remember people against the eu planting bombs and killing innocents . 
  they do really care about their country , that 's why they eliminate terrorists , separatists , that threaten the security of the turkish nation . 
  these are just used for training . 
  terrorism should be fought in any country that is present , there is no excuse , pkk is a terrorist , separatist group . 
  russia started after ww2 actually , when they put their shitty communist governments all over the easter block and terrorized all of us . 
  perhaps sit a little and think , why all almost all ex-warsaw countries in nato ? 
  we , people that bordered with russia and had relations with them , know what a russian savage is , that 's why baltics , poland and romania would gladly accept anything nato moves in our countries . 
  meanwhile on rt news : nato missiles pose new threat to russia same shit since years, 
  color skin does n't matter for many nationalists ... in reality these things just matter to the liberals ( in the american way of liberal ) which cry about racism and fascism daily while splitting the population into black and white , gay and straight etc. 
  nationalists just see two groups of people : those that love the country , traditions etc and if an immigrant loves the country and tradition and integrates 100 % into the society of the host country then he can easily claim to be of the nationality of the host country and many nationalists will accept him . 
  the other group is the traitors/enemies of the nation . 
  is it now 2 % ? 
  croatia is an amazing place for vacation seriously . 
  it 's like a mini-greece , cool beaches , sunny and cheap . 
  it 's not really expensive to buy a second-hand one from germany , especially if it 's older . 
  true , teslea before his death said `` traiasca daci liberi '' confirming his connections with the dacians and his 100 % dacian blood , whoever says otherwise is fake news . 
  all of the inventions of nicolae teslea, 
  no prob man , you are already buying me gold by paying taxes !, 
  land of doggos, 
  history is written by the victors , that 's why you consider that the soviet union was on the right side . 
  why do you guys rate a movie 1/10 without watching it ? 
  is it because the european media told you it 's propaganda ? 
  lol just lol, 
  fyrom confirmed bulgarian, 
  uh , what are the lights between scandinavia and uk ? 
  russia loves them so much that they allowed americans to bomb them . 
  turks playing games in the aegean , could turn into a war if something wrong happens . 
  we did kill them too . 
  antonescu sent them to romanian controlled concentration camps but only like 20k of them . 
  fk off bot, 
  no no , we actually love lithuania because we love anyone who is against russia and suffered because of russia . 
  you should of told him to go to hungary then , if it 's so much better , why is he staying in romania ? 
  yup . 
  when erdogan becomes sultan and takes us over i hope he will show some mercy on us , i mean we will even make sarma only using rice if it 's needed , but please do n't hurt us your highness !, 
  lol usr is so desperated , this is why i will never vote for them , this action just shows how stupid they are, 
  oh , sorry , i thought it was just a picture , i did n't notice it was an article . 
  it 's just that you know , with all the spam about the situation in romania , shit happens ... 
  [ here bro , all the info you need . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wbqmb/eu_human_flag_at_the_bucharests_protest/ ), 
  this was already posted mate, 
   2030 eu might not even exist in 2030 lol, 
  a lot of romanians have many wet dreams about eu because they are not educated on the eu and what 's happening recently with it . 
  also several decades of anal sex without vaseline by russia makes you love anything that is not russia so ... 
  yes , gypsies are as romanians as the hungarians with romanian citizenship that refuse to speak romanian ... : ^ ), 
  well i understand them completely , we hate these `` romanians '' that the french hate even in romania , so it 's not something new . 
  well moldovans are romanians even if some might reject it, 
  it 's always so funny to hear english with greek accent lol, 
  can confirm , you are a weirdo if you do n't eat a couple packs of sunflower seeds while at a football match . 
  i know that feel bro, 
  well every russian i met likes putin to death so ... 
  hungary should take in some hard working muhammedist refugees if they feel like they have a population problem , they will also become very progressive and multicultural like sweden : ^ ), 
  that kurdistan will never happen lol, 
  i mean i do n't like russia and it 's true that they are not really democratic but having russia as authoritarian is just stupid ... 
  could be true , after so much shit i 've seen on rt news comments on facebook i really have to deal with this anger and frustation it caused to me . 
  i do n't blame them , i do n't like reading such bullshit too , you should read the comments on rt news ' posts on facebook , it 's like my comment but they are serious . 
  yes, 
  i was passing by , i was doing a bigger tour of peloponisos and time was a bit limited to be honest .
