  yes europe there are retarded people that are protesting so our politicians can steal , it 's old people that got 2 euros more pension , not more than 1000 people though . 
  thank you bulgarians !, 
  we love you !!, 
  damn , thanks for correcting me man . 
  the guys that did this should have went to dragnea 's house and throw shit to his windows . 
  it would help the protest since it would make dragnea care , or else he will just keep sleeping peacefully without giving a fuck about the 300k people out there . 
  100k bucharest now 200k in romania, 
  yes i hope too but i just wrote it like that so people wo n't cry about me trying to start violence etc. 
  polish sausages, 
  love you brothers and sisters that are fighting , i wish i could be with you in bucharest at the moment . 
  true , thank you i hope it will end up in a good way for us ... 
  i honestly never thought anyone would have the balls to do something like that . 
  only in romania such things are possible ... 
  dude people did go to vote , right not many , but still they did n't talk about this in their voting campaign . 
  i personally know around 8 psd voters that voted psd and are veeery angry with what dragnea is doing . 
  they promised something else and yet here we are , they are literally making laws so they wo n't go to prison and if they will go their time will be short and will be good , this is making fun of the people , this is not right , he needs to go . 
  well it was supposed to be for fun but i wish i could change it now , i never thought the dude would be such a corrupt selfish idiot ... 
  there will probably be like 500k people out soon . 
  i would n't be suprised if psd will wake up with 10k people raiding their offices , after all it seems peaceful protests do n't affect them and romanians do have a limit which psd appears to be testing . 
  i hope no serious events will take place but the way it 's going i still wonder how much can we last like this . 
  i would n't be suprised if even the resignation of the government will be asked by the people , we will see , anyway this is a new record indeed , it 's been 1 month since they are governing and people are getting crazy . 
  even my grandmother loyal psd voter is extremely angry at dragnea . 
  edit : -10 degrees outside , 00:30 , and there are 10k people outside in bucharest only , i wish i was with you in bucharest brothers , start the fight . 
  they are indeed , but not fully right and we both know what part they are not right about . 
  but do n't you read people 's comments on rt news ' facebook posts ? 
  the americans are literally the biggest evil on the world and russia is the best country that never hurts anyone !, 
  what russian troops ? 
  there are no russian troops in ukraine everyone knows that ... : ^ ), 
  kek 'd , is n't it funny though how in romania a lot of people at the country side have horses while in western europe horses are considered something very expensive to own etc ? 
  damn , how much does a good young horse cost ? 
  yes , there is no way someone would abandon a cow , it 's worth money to buy one , you can just sell it , what the fuck ? 
  yes it is . 
  you are another kind of muslims , the ones that drink raki . 
  i got this job from an ad in a russian newspaper . 
  maybe , but who knows , i mean a trump victory was also pretty impossible , but oh well ... look , the president of america bans muslims from entering the usa , would you expect this 2 years ago ? 
  volkswagen is love, 
  beautiful !!!, 
  a lot of strangers confuse these two cities so i think it would work fine :p, 
  long live the holy magyaroman kingdom !, 
  that would be awesome , i can already see old people saying soros wants to destroy romania tv , the only good news channel in romania . 
  we raid them too then, 
  well two years ago after the colectiv fire in total 100k people from all around romania went out on the street and successfully forced ponta ( pm at that time ) to resign , this time people just want to send a message and want to be heard , we will see the result , if the result will be against the people 's will , well just imagine what 90k angry people will do . 
  psd will just ignore this , the best solution is to raid the psd hq ( seriously do n't downvote kek i am obviously joking ), 
  hey mods , do more competitions it 's fun, 
  amazing stuff , i would love if more people started doing projects like this , i am in love with medieval history so i wish i could take part in this . 
  that coat of arms looks amazing . 
  all countries should start getting their coat of arms back on their flag, 
  damn , amazing !, 
  amazing !, 
  amazing citadel , i will visit this in the future !, 
  no problem , have a good weekend !, 
  well john hunyadi could be a vlach nobleman loyal to the crown of hungary , it would be much better if people started to understand how stuff worked in medieval europe and how normal it would be for a vlach to be a noble loyal to the hungarian crown , but since ethnicity and nation has much more meaning for us today it 's pretty hard for that to happen so ... ;p, 
  hungarians triggered, 
  i am not a slav , russians probably killed more slavs in total than germany would lol, 
  yes !, 
  i felt the need to comment when i saw a retarded title and i am pretty sure i have the right to do it so i do n't get what your problem is , hide my comment and move on . 
  an article with such a shitty title is not worth wasting time on tbh, 
  that was a war and in a war there is no side that does n't do this kind of stuff anyway , but the irony 100 years later is funny . 
  traitor, 
  but ... soviets are he . . heroes !, 
  we all know nazis were the only criminals in ww2 because they killed 6 gorillion !, 
  it ca n't be !, 
  stop spreading propaganda ok ? 
  of course there are russian comrades in spain . 
  if spain was closer to the russian border for the past 200 years of the world we would see how many comrades there would be in spain . 
  yes , we will also never love your ancestors who raped , burnt and pillaged everything in their way to berlin . 
  we were taught they raped every woman from every village they passed and stole everything from simple people living in these villages , or kill them if they were in the mood . 
  think what you want , that 's who we are ... 
  oh fuck i got caught, 
  same , i wish i could be there and do something for our country , these romanians that went out there today made me once again proud to be romanian , finally i feel like this generation will change the country at the end and the communist hyenas will be locked up for life one day . 
  this is romania , they won the elections by manipulating people , many young people did n't go to vote and now when someone tries to tell them something they are like `` romanian people chose us and you are all anti-democratic if you are against the people 's vote '' . 
  i never expected 20k , i thought of around 5k max , not even 1 month old government and already 20k people are protesting in bucharest alone . 
  gg psd new record . 
  because they are the corrupts lol, 
  i hate tripe soup , but i love salted pig fat . 
  our emperor, 
  yes , it 's just a coincidence . 
  it worked in usa , why would n't it work in france ? 
  the only countries that russophilia wo n't work are poland , ukraine , lithuania , romania , estonia , latvia and finland . 
  well it had nothing to do with your national ego , that 's for sure . 
  well how about you stop giving food aids and stuff to africa and other poor countries in asia ? 
  there is a reason africa is overpopulated and that 's because the western world gives too much aid , while nature would balance things out . 
  everyone cries about overpopulation but they keep helping africa and stuff and not letting nature lead the way like it 's supposed to be , this is the real problem . 
  the situation in europe is mostly because of abortions ( which is bad ) and using the condoms that the africans should fucking use too ( which is not bad ) , perhaps the west should give condoms to africans instead of food and medicine . 
  fk psd is everywhere, 
  fk psd is everywhere, 
  i do n't know how it would be like for other countries , but we had pretty good relations with russia while it was a tsardom , then the communists came and literally fucked everyone on the western border of russia , it 's 1917 the year that russia started to be so retarded , i think it 's because of communism and i think if it was still a tsardom and communism never happened relations with neighbouring countries would be better because at that time russia was different ( at least towards us ) . 
  thank you russian bro !, 
  jesus christ man i was joking , chill down . 
  it does n't matter if we are first in the eu ... what matters is that we beat bulgarian again , ha !, 
  send a message to the mods , i did it and they answered in a couple hours and they were very helpful . 
  do n't use the chi rho one , or the flag of the eastern roman empire , it will trigger the atheists . 
  no please , i enjoy hiking in the carpathians , it would be bad if i have to cross borders just to get from one side to another . 
  i hope more troops will come in romania too why are russians angry about this ? 
  nato is an alliance and it can move troops all around all day long in every nato country , nothing wrong here . 
  yeah , good job serbros < 3, 
  i 've met 5 people from israel in total and when i told them i am from romania the only thing they knew about it was that we loaded trains with jews for , yeah you know . 
  but thanks that from all of europe the only ones you think are thieves are us , pretty awesome , of course every other country has some nice positive things , good food and stuff and romanians are thieves , great , now i get why we did it . 
  the castle up on the hill is better !, 
  is it supposed to look like that ?
