http://vvv.vvk.ee/valimiste-korraldamine/vvk-uudised/vabariigi-valimiskomisjoni-vastulause-the-guardianis-ilmunud-artiklile/ this may be of interest to you . 
  if you can read estonian : https://www.ria.ee/e-valimised-on-liiga-turvalised/, 
  if you 're a citizen of a country and you support the existence of that country it 's your responsibility to vote . 
  the right to vote is granted to citizens not residents of that country . 
  if you care about the country - do vote . 
  you tell me . 
  just to clarify is it 3 on each foot ( or some other possible combination that adds up to 6 ) or does it actually mean you have 12 toes ? 
  stop posting ... 
  are you from lithuania ? 
  because in estonia this is still an issue in some circles . 
  there 's a group of people who actually are `` against '' homosexuality . 
  it varies from actually hating them to thinking they 're weirdos . 
  there 's ( almost ) nothing good about people having different opinions about gays . 
  a lot of homosexuals suffer from actions of overly `` opinionated '' people . 
  my mom ( wow . . ) got a check from a swiss bank that had been sent there by a swedish bank because a swedish university did n't have her updated bank info . 
  they only had her 2 years old bank info that happened to be the same , but they chose to send a check instead . 
  so the funny part is , exchanging the check cost 150 euros in nordea which was more than half of the checks value . 
  thankfully swedbank only charged 20 euros . 
  still a hassle and in no way a general method of payment . 
  but it is the only time i 've ever seen a check . 
  ( edit : should add an estonian flair ), 
  yeah like people do n't know who edward snowden is ... 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgcaf4dnyxo an interesting video on the topic : why would anybody do this ? 
  your ignorance on the matter is disturbing . 
  you really should look into the history of estonia during wwii . 
  these movies tend to give a pretty side-neutral overview : http://okupatsioon.ee/en/movies, 
  `` uncle '' ? 
  no love for daddys ? 
  yeah , we learned how to draw a cat in vector graphics . 
  and a bit of html . 
  i guess it was kind of school specific . 
  or maybe i 'm just too old  . 
  i 'm just not going to argue with this . 
  every party needs to be at least a little bit populist . 
  and they have been as well as the others . 
  `` liikuda kindlalt edasi eesti poole , mis on sama j\u00f5ukas kui soome '' i guess it 's better since they do n't define the goal as clearly . 
  but it resonates with the first quote quite heavily . 
  they 've been quite good . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  but i still think they 're at least a little bit populist . 
  and not less than , say sde . 
  lol , can you tell who got my vote ? 
  good night , good talk . 
  how am i incapable ? 
  you do n't know me do you ? 
  why would you think i find their life to be `` out of this world ? '', 
  all i 'm saying is that three people are not representative of the general population . 
  even if the population is `` elite school students '' . 
  well the summary of this article is that the school does n't really have a significant effect , the `` home '' of the student does however . 
  remember that time when you said you were n't a bragger ? 
  :p `` my uncle this , my sister that . . my school , my family ! '', 
  uhm ... high school results are taken into account when applying to a university . 
  but it does depend on the university . 
  given that i currently am in one . . was n't really a til , but that 's ok . what i was saying is that it 's expected of you . 
  it 's not an advantage in any way that you got your high school diploma from an estonian high school . 
  and the education you get is n't significantly better in those schools when compared to other schools ( http://haridus.opleht.ee/arhiiv/7_82007/12-15.pdf ) . 
  now you just came up with three anecdotes ( your uncle , aunt and sister ) . 
  still not good enough . 
  i mean you 've basically used every fallacy in the book . 
  thanks for asking , but i 'm quite happy with my life . 
  honey ... being a graduate from one of those schools . 
  four languages fluently is ambitious at best . 
  one of those languages is estonian . . which i hate having to explain to you , is useless . 
  another is russian , which , pardon estonians usually can not speak . 
  i mean far from fluency . 
  so i guess you have english + maybe one other language at a shitty level ( far below the level of a native speakers ) . 
  but really that 's ok . you do n't need four languages . 
  you need the language of the country you 're relocating to ( or english , but often that 's not enough if the locals are n't native english speakers ) . 
  and here 's a newsflash : nobody gives a shit about education anymore unless it 's from a top university . 
  the competition to the spot in a top university is insane , nothing like trying to get into an elite school . 
  they basically give away the spots to an elite school . 
  educationwise , a bachelors degree is the standard and soon it will be masters . 
  that 's at least five years of extra education . 
  most need more than five years . 
  with conscription and all you 're looking at entering the work force in your late to mid twenties , with no working experience and a shitty degree . 
  you will most probably have a so here , or family or god knows what . 
  unless you go straight abroad . 
  which most wont . 
  cause it 's more difficult , you 're young , frail and afraid . 
  what they do n't teach in ( elite ) schools is that life is different . 
  much more complex and you can not predict everything . 
  you think you 'll become some badass ceo by the time you 're 25 , making millions ... few are this hardworking and even fewer this lucky . 
  so the young people leaving the country are mostly those who pluck turkeys . . cause they 're poor and need to earn money somehow . 
  not the rich kids who have their parents support them well into their late twenties ( me being one of those fuckers ) . 
  uhm , no you did n't . 
  you said `` i think it will be like this '' . 
  but why you would think that?any evidence will do . 
  currently you 're basically being a glorified fortune teller . 
  honestly , being a young person myself , i can not see hoards of young people leaving the country to pluck turkeys in ireland because of progressive income tax . 
  but w/e . 
  guess i 'm just that naive . 
  i think it 's a trade off . 
  of course we could argue . . but i guess you 're not open to a ) explaining what your beliefs are based on b ) changing your beliefs, 
  what part are you having trouble with ? 
  the wealthy and the poor are treated differently already . 
  there are tax deductions , minimum wages etc etc to help the poor . 
  again , if you factor in that having money makes it easier to make more money , you are punishing those who do n't already have the starting capital . 
  if you choose to look at it like that . 
  working more does not equal earning more . 
  or vice versa .
