  edit : i mean how do you measure something like that ... 
  it is n't punishment though . 
  it 's just higher taxes without punishing the ones that can not afford to pay more . 
  unless you consider taxes a punishment . . which they 're not . 
  again , most countries in europe enforce progressive taxation in one form or another . 
  the citizens there do n't see it this way . 
  so really you 're just choosing to see it this way . 
  not the alternative way of helping to build a better society . 
  people with higher income will still have higher income . 
  it 's just more difficult to acquire more personal wealth . 
  which . . well makes sense . 
  it should be more difficult , because once you have it , it 's also easier to generate more wealth . 
  edit : it 's great to hear you have good economics teachers . 
  however i 'm sure his views are challenged by other economists . 
  this is often the case in social sciences . 
  frankly i 'd endorse for you to question the views of your peers and teachers . 
  yeah . . you said you portray the mentality of the estonian youth . 
  but you did n't back it up with evidence . 
  so what you 're really doing is portraying the mentality of . . yes - your friends . 
  i 'm sure you do n't know anybody who disagrees with you . 
  thinking differently at that age is rare and expressing those thoughts is even more rare . 
  as far as i know youth does vote more for the reform party , but there have n't been any studies on what the youth thinks of progressive ( income ) tax . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , i 'm just not blindly believing everything you say . 
  and i 'm providing counter points . 
  thanks for the ad hominem . 
  i recommend you save this comment and read it again in a few years , mr `` i 'm a 17-year-old badass '' . 
  it 's quite close to :  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  but let 's get back on the horse . 
  i applaud you on your magnificent accomplishments . 
  clearly you and the rest of the elite-teen force in estonia are more than competent to discuss these matters , with 11 years of general education and all . 
  claiming that `` most if not all economists '' think that progressive income tax is `` retarded '' . 
  no facts , no citations , but yeah . . clearly . 
  as for young and brainy people leaving the country , guess what ? 
  they 're already doing that . 
  not because the taxation rates . 
  because estonian economy is just so small , you need a bigger market if you 're serious about making it . 
  the thing is that at some point you 'll hit a plateau and more money wont make you happy ( in estonia you hit the plateau at about 2000/mo ) . 
  this is where you are as happy as you 're ever going to be . 
  but you can still influence other factors with the extra money , that may also influence your personal happiness . 
  such as general happiness in the society . 
  progressive income would be one of the possibilities to enhance social benefits and build a healthier/happier/more equal society . 
  i 'm sure you 'd rather live in a society where people feel safe and happy . 
  where they do n't have to scrape coins together to make ends meet . 
  i think the mistake you 're making is that you think the issue is only economical , while really the issue you 're worried about it sociological . 
  and again , i 'm no expert . 
  i do however expect a factual answer not `` everybody thinks this is retarded '' , `` you 're stupid '' , `` my friends agree with me '' . 
  i 'd expect more from a student in an elite school . 
  3/4 major parties support progressive income tax in some form ( including rightwing irl , even when it 's done through tax deductions ) . 
  also most of the european countries have progressive income taxation . . granted , i 'm not an expert when it comes to economy , but it makes sense . 
  fight unfairness with more unfairness . 
  like they are n't populist . . `` estonia - to be one of the five richest nations in europe '' . 
  sde is an actual alternative . 
  but then again they 'd need a partner and that would most probably be reform party . 
  so what 's the fucking difference . 
  hondas are good ? 
  so basically . . you take issue with them carrying out highly disturbing illegal activities in the middle of the capital . 
  not only that - the activities are also performed in poor taste . 
  hide the children !, 
  more power to you , you perfect law-abiding citizen . 
  okay buddy . . 
  i need a 100 euros , can you help me out ? 
  right , so you 're saying we should have told them we admire them , we think they 're strong enough to survive on their own , without any help . 
  so that the people of greece feel like we respect them . 
  so they do n't feel humiliated . 
  what in the hell are you going on about ? 
  what is your grand solution ? 
  forgive all debts ? 
  mind if you lend me some money because you seem to be the person who should handle my loans . 
  you did answer it though , not just very well . 
  and i doubt you understood what i initially meant by it as i left it open to interpretation so really , even i did n't know what `` i meant '' . 
  war reparations and an economic bailout are two entirely different things . 
  they 're hard to compare even if we forget the differences in the historic setting of either event . 
  not to mention it 's not like germany is the only one having lent money to greece . 
  you can learn from history , but you can not apply the knowledge acquired from those lessons directly to the modern world . 
  * a 5-year-old and what fun would that be ? 
  i gave you a chance to do some thinking . 
  why would a person ask you why you brought up greece . 
  maybe because both of the situations are too complex to compare to one another directly . 
  maybe because you went off topic entirely as this is n't a thread about the economic situation in greece , but unification of germany . 
  yeah you brought it up in your comparison to the debt of germany . 
  where the parthenon is ? 
  oh yeah , i know about that place . 
  what about it ? 
  greece ? 
   to help make reparations payments , germany took out various loans during the 1920s .
