  no-one has argued with you that the uk must negotiate . 
  this whole thread has been speculation on how that might go . 
  your second ` fact ' is an unknown . 
  it 's too early to make any assumptions on whether they intend to keep the uk in the programme or not . 
  all of your other statements are pure speculation , and mean nothing . 
  you keep pushing these two statements to back up the rest of your doomsaying and whining . 
  does that help ? 
  no , there 's no difference . 
  you just do n't want to listen to what i 'm saying . 
  so let 's leave it there . 
  take out your rage against the situation on someone else . 
   which projects ? 
  i know personally of two fp7 projects that did . 
  i think we 're going to have to leave this here . 
  i 'm getting a bit sick of all your speculations being ` facts ' , and mine being ` hand waving ' . 
  neither of us have anything concrete , so we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  the relationship is n't terminating , it 's just changing in nature . 
  given that the uk has always been an unwilling , resentful partner in any political union with europe , the new relationship will be a better fit than the current one . 
  lots of people in the uk love our close relationship with europe , and hope it will continue in some form . 
  lots of people on the continent do too . 
  if everyone can approach the change like adults and try to come to a mutually beneficial solution , then everyone will be better off . 
  the eu will be able to do more without the uk vetoing everything , and the uk will be less restrained . 
  but if this spite and desire for vengeance continues , everyone will lose out . 
  i think it 's a good idea that article 50 wo n't be invoked for another few months . 
  it 'll give everyone a chance to calm down and grow up a bit . 
  ah could be . 
  my experience is in the ict areas . 
  that 's gotten extremely competitive over the last few years , and there 's lots of finger pointing and back stabbing goes on because of it , and that article smacked of that to me . 
  best of luck with your next bid !, 
  of course the swiss are worried . 
  they always are . 
  not worried enough to actually consider joining the eu though . 
  and as for the french , they 're really showing their true colours as opportunistic , fair-weather friends ... 
  ec projects do actually take partners from the us . 
  i 've been in projects with us institutes . 
  same with other countries with strong contributions to make from all over the world . 
  the point of that is that global collaboration is key to producing world class research . 
  i wish people would speculate more on the positive side instead of the negative in all this . 
  it does n't hurt , and may help people be more optimistic about it . 
  one of the goals of brexit ( from the non-foreigner-hating side at least ) was that the uk could become part of a much looser , yet much larger global community , and yet keep close ties with the eu so it could act as a stepping stone between the two . 
  kind of like it does already , but less fettered . 
  ok , i did n't realise you saw it that simply . 
  dropping a partner is very disruptive to a project bid unless they are very minor . 
  each partner * must * have a clearly unique and significant role , or it stands a far greater risk of being rejected than the chance that the institutes country will be leaving the eu in two years time or more ( remember than h2020 only runs until ... 2020 ) . 
  including trivial partners is a huge reason for downmarking . 
  replacing a partner in a consortium at a late stage in the bid is practically suicide , and as such it would n't be done lightly , on a whim or a panic . 
  as an alternative view , look at that article again assuming that some of those claiming to be excluded because of brexit may have been moved along for other reasons but using a convenient excuse  if i were in a bid at this stage , i would submit anyway . 
  fair enough . 
  your experience is completely different from mine , 
  i expect better tbh . 
  switzerland has some great institutions , but the uk has more . 
  i 'd also say the swiss situation was less abnormal than this , as switzerland has never actually been a member of the eu . 
  do n't overplay the position of the eu - the uk is currently a very important member both financially and as a contributor to european science . 
  they may be puffing their chests out now , but i 'd be very surprised if they 'd be prepared to damage themselves as much as they will if they try to punish the uk and exclude them from everything . 
  if they do , it 'll just hasten the eus demise . 
  it 's going to have to tolerate a lot more of this sort of thing . 
  i think switzerland 's position just got a lot stronger since the brexit vote . 
   but after the brexit , ec and europe would gain nothing from funding uk research . 
  i disagree , i think it 's crucial to keep that high quality research in the research frameworks , for the sake of current collaborations and future ones . 
  the eu would benefit enormously from keeping the big uk institutes in . 
  you 're right that it will be a net loss to the uk though - there 's no way it 'll be getting back more than it puts in post-brexit . 
  as i said above though i 'd expect more of a swiss model - the uk pays a little in maybe , but gets nothing out except the ability to participate , funded by the uk gov. 
  i would hope that the deal will be slightly better that the swiss though , just because it 's a more significant partner right now . 
  the landscape has n't actually changed at all yet . 
  despite what the article states above , the process of bidding for ec money is on a much larger timescale . 
  it takes over a year to put together a consortium , write the bid , submit it , then receive approval . 
  all that article is just grumblings , gloom and political wranglings . 
  any reaction now is panic . 
  people should continue on as normal and see what happens . 
  british money has already gone into h2020 , so we should find out pretty quickly what sort of reduced entitlement to funding there will be , if any . 
  it may even be that the uk will remain in h2020 , as was suggested elsewhere in this thread . 
  just wait a few weeks and see . 
  the worst damage done to swiss research after their vote was in the initial panic . 
  the idea would be that the funds that the uk currently pays towards ec research would be diverted into directly funding uk participation in ec projects . 
  provided boris and nigel have n't already given it all to the nhs that is . 
  unpicking the vast amount of turnover of cash and other assets to and from the eu is going to be a mammoth task . 
  luckily that 's just the sort of thing that a nation of shopkeepers should be good at , 
  i think i 've been perfectly clear all along that i 'm fine with uncertainty - do n't push your fear onto me . 
  your facts are just statements of unknowns , and fearmongering speculations on those unknowns . 
  everything will be fine , just have some patience to see how it plays out . 
  the fact that uk institutes win such a high proportion of ec funds shows how important it is to european research , which will strengthen its negotiating position on this exit . 
  i do n't think anyone in the eu can expect a 5 % increase in funding though . 
  the money just wo n't be there !, 
  even oversimplistically , the money the uk currently pays in will be gone so you 're looking at 8.8-5 .4 = 3.4 bn , but of course it is n't that simple . 
  every eu budget will have to be redrawn when the money from the uk stops . 
  it is a net contributor , so money will have to be shuffled from places where the uk gave more than it took , from places like this . 
  that 's very true , but the vote was only less than a month ago and the entire uk government has been in turmoil until very recently . 
  since the new cabinet was put in place ( last week ! ), 
  there have already been some clarifications on how the exit will be handled . 
  everyone just needs to stop panicking and have some patience . 
  project proposals take months to put together after all . 
  this is nothing compared to the uncertainty of the fp7  h2020 transition . 
  brilliant , your only facts are that there are no facts . 
  one thing that you can be sure of is that if people like you do n't stop sulking and try to make the best of this , all your doomsaying will come true . 
  cern is an international organization that straddles the french/swiss border . 
  when it participates in eu projects , it does so as it 's own entity , not as part of switzerland or france . 
  it 's not relevant to this . 
  there are no facts !, 
  everything you have said is just fear , uncertainty and doubt . 
  my ` wishful thinking ' is assuming that the uk and eu will work everything out for mutual benefit .
