did these guys ? 
  some of them went out there to fight assad in syria and got caught up in all this . 
  sorry , misleading flag on my flair . 
  i 'm from the uk but not living there , hence the lack of grandparents . 
  i 'm quite a bit south of you in the greener parts of the map , where people look down on mothers who work and childcare in the holidays is either horrendously expensive or very poorly supervised state provided ` care ' . 
  even school canteens are grudgingly provided at a price , because mummy should be taking the children home for lunch every day if she was a proper mummy . 
  i have some finnish friends who cite this attitude as their primary reason for wanting to go home . 
  from what they 've told me it sounds like parents in nordic countries do very well . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  in a few countries with long summer breaks there are campaigns to shorten them because the children often find it difficult to get back into the rhythm of learning after so long on holiday . 
  smaller scattered holidays would prevent that . 
  costs an absolute fortune if you do n't have grandparents locally . 
  that 's good news . 
  probably too late for that one though , and they 've managed to instil a pretty severe social prejudice against minority languages . 
  tragic really . 
  i hope some of the stronger ones , such as breton , benefit . 
  not to mention france has nearly stamped out the native language , arpitan , and will continue to do so as they wo n't ratify the european charter for regional or minority languages . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  you put it in such a way as i might do if i knew what i was talking about , 
  the treaty of turin was illegal !, 
  which part was n't a good idea ? 
  of course there would be the same requirements on seceding states as for candidate members , but it should be structured in such as way as it can be followed in tandem with the independence process , and complete at the same time , so they remain part of the eu . 
  i do n't think there 's much to gain on either side by punishing them with exile from the eu , even if it 's only for a short time . 
  it might not be able to go through right now , but it would certainly lead to a europe that worked better . 
  maybe if gibraltar found independence attractive under this scheme , it might sweeten the idea for spain a bit , 
  i think that they should stick in there a fast-track or automatic membership policy to future states that breakaway from large eu countries , like if scotland , catalonia , venice , savoy etc decide they want independency ( through referendum of course ) . 
  the large countries of europe were motivated by protection and trade , which are no longer relevant under the umbrella of the eu . 
  here 's why : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_broadcasting_area, 
  you 've always been free to go and download any browser you like on windows . 
  the play store is the default app source on android , and it does n't acknowledge the existence of other stores , let alone prompt the user to choose one . 
  i do n't think android is bad for doing this , but it really shows how much freedom of choice we 've lost in the last 15 years or so . 
  then that [ reliant robin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=pjdrlwr-yfm#t=428 ) would have gone to the moon . 
  i find it staggering that people in the uk complain about paying # 145 a year for the bbc . 
  and it 's really starting to piss them off . 
  for me , it 's because on april fools day lots of people who are n't very funny try to be funny , and any glimmer of comedy drowns in the bathos . 
  try this one : http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/04/01/falklands_syndrome_fukushima_meltdown_to_cause_10000_chernobyls_in_south_atlantic/, 
  it 's just not very specific as to which nation . 
  republicans is clearer . 
  edit : thanks for the clarification , guys !, 
  or they could just help form a much less marginal second tier with the uk and switzerland . 
  where 's the statistic showing the increase in this sort of thing post-brexit ? 
  all i can tell is that there 's been an increase in reporting it . 
  the article is very careful about the wording at the end  poles have been victims in a series of incidents since the uk voted to leave the european union in june, 
  no , there 's a right wing bias . 
  but it 's far from a right wing thing . 
  all those labour supporters who voted to leave did not do so because they are right wing . 
  they did so because there are left-wing reasons for leaving . 
  in fact , it 's the left of the party that wanted to leave . 
  if anything , remaining is a centrist thing , as the libdems and greens had the largest majorities . 
  but it 's just not that clean cut . 
  look at the rest of those numbers . 
  it 's not clear cut at all . 
  but it saves the idiots in here and reading the guardian from having to actually think about any of the points they 're raising . 
  they 'll just keep banging on about this , refusing to engage and derailing discussions , hoping the exit fails so they can prove themselves right . 
  i think it 's unacceptable for a prime minister should call a referendum without having a thorough plan for either outcome . 
  it does n't have any power, 
  this is appalling journalism . 
  the story is that a group of politicians and businessmen who campaigned to leave the eu have launched a group to come up with some idea on how the exit might work . 
  this probably should have been done as soon as the referendum was scheduled , but cameron was too arrogant to make any plans at all . 
  but the guardian instead once again remain fixated on the nhs ` pledge ' . 
  the vote was a referendum . 
  there are no ` pledges ' because no-one was being elected . 
  no-one voted to give this money or that money anywhere . 
  both sides of the argument were covered in rhetoric , truth twisting and bad statistics . 
  the remain arguments were just as bad as the brexit , with promises of 'em ergency budgets ' and copious broken-window arguments . 
  i used to like the guardian , but it 's going completely overboard on this anti-brexit thing . 
  until people get used to the idea that it 's going to happen and we should start trying to make it work , the pound and the economy will get worse . 
  sailfish os is pretty good now . 
  there you go twisting again . 
  the fact i tossed you was the fact that the new cabinet was only formed a week ago . 
  maybe another fact for you is that you seem to be one of those people who do n't care if they 're making a rational argument or not just as long as they feel like they 've won . 
  it 's quite funny to watch . 
  i get it , it 's an important issue to you so the government should make it top priority to clarify their position . 
  you 're just going to have to learn to accept that other people 's problems matter too , and you do n't actually know the situation . 
  some have said that the h2020 budget is already allocated , in which case this wo n't even be an issue until the next framework , and is not critical at this time . 
  you 'll just have to be patient , because no-one in the cabinet cares how angry you are on reddit about it . 
  for the last time , it 's only been a week . 
  uk academia have n't paid any price yet . 
  that article was obviously cherry-picked scaremongering . 
  it 's been a week since may took over and the cabinet was formed !, 
  it 's too early to expect them to have taken a position on this yet . 
  they 've got lots and lots of other things to deal with too . 
  calm yourself down !, 
  there 's a fact for you , 
   you claimed that it is not a fact . 
  hence you 're arguing that the uk does not necessarily need to negotiate . 
  now you 're twisting my words . 
  that was not a fact you brought into the conversation because it was already accepted . 
  you misinterpret my words to force a position on me that i do not hold . 
  this is clear from the fact that i 've mentioned those negotiations many times . 
   no it 's not . 
  it 's a fact . 
  the uk government has not announced that it intends to keep the uk in the programme . 
  if you think that it is not a fact , it 's trivial for you to prove me wrong : just link to the government statement where they say that they intend to keep the uk in the programme -- even better if they stated what they are willing to do to achieve it . 
  you are interpreting the lack of an announcement with an unwillingness to keep the uk in . 
  it 's too early to jump to that conclusion - the new cabinet has only just been appointed . 
  as i 've said many more times than should be necessary , wait and see . 
  ignoring people 's arguments and repeating your own is the hallmark of a bigot . 
   feel free to point out exactly which ones , since you were wrong about the two other ones . 
  i think if you were honest with yourself you 'd admit that your ` rebuttal ' was n't very convincing , even to you .
