  swiss institutes and companies can participate in eu research projects , but the swiss state funds their participation . 
  this was arranged very quickly after the vote . 
  switzerland plays a much smaller role in eu research than the uk does , so continued participation is much more likely . 
  the worst thing about all this is the panic . 
  it 's almost as if people want the uk to crash and burn just so it can be proved wrong . 
  even though that would damage the rest of the eu immensely too . 
  exactly . 
  there 's no reason that the uk ca n't continue to participate in eu projects in a self funded fashion as switzerland does . 
  this needs to be clarified as soon as possible by the government , as a guarantee that will let funding applications continue . 
  that was hinted at in the article , before it concentrating on brexit bashing , adding to the uncertainty and making the problem worse . 
  well done news people . 
  that 's not a mandate to leave the uk to remain in the eu though . 
  i 'd like to see the correlation between the two referenda , and a poll on how many scots would leave the uk to remain in the eu . 
  probably not today though . 
  everyone 's a bit upset today to answer reliably . 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1778108 great telly, 
  yeah it was a busy time . 
  wish the hour had got a third season . 
  you do n't get much stuff set at that time . 
   what huge war ? 
  the idea to join was because of the suez canal crisis , it stopped because of america telling the uk to stop or be hit with economic sanctions . 
  i believe it was called the ` second world war '   or we could be part of that union and using our influence to improve things for ourselves as well as europe ? 
  that 's just fantasy . 
  we ca n't use our influence to improve things , just slightly break them and hinder the progress of what 's already been decided without us . 
  that 's all we 've ever managed to do over our entire 40 year history . 
  a lot of the leave campaign is made up of people who 've actually tried , and given up in frustration . 
  we ca n't steer it because we 're not really anywhere near the driving seat . 
  we 're more appropriate as external actors . 
   also im not trying to be an ass or anything , it 's rare to get a debate on this that is n't `` immigration and immigrants taking benefits and free nhs '' :'( gisela stuart has been the most sane voice for leaving . 
  she was on the itv debate the other day . 
  she spoke from experience of working in the commission , and her arguments are extremely compelling . 
   also lets ignore that britain and france almost united in 1952 as well as 2 other times in the past which is something joining the eu would do but nobody wants that right ? 
  but they did n't . 
  if we 're going to be this oversimplistic about it , then i seem to remember that the huge war immediately preceding that was all about not uniting , and restoring the european ` balance of power ' . 
   yea you see how dumb this argument is ? 
  no , everything points to the fact that lots of people from inside and out think that britain should be part of europe , and they always get proved wrong . 
  it 's pretty dumb to keep trying , instead of finding a more appropriate solution . 
  i do n't like speculation , as i do n't think we can possibly predict where an exit will end up . 
  i ca n't see switzerland or norway joining anytime soon . 
  iceland put the brakes on as soon as they had the strength to do so . 
  there 's a periphery there already , and a large economy joining to would be good for them , us , and the eu . 
  no , it 's not sustainable . 
  we have a relationship with the eu , but the current situation shows that it 's not as part of it , and it 's wishful thinking to believe that it ever will be . 
  the uk has been fighting further membership since it joined . 
  there is no evidence that it will ever be ready to integrate properly . 
  i 've never thought that immigration is relevant to the discussion though . 
  voting to leave will just switch the focus of our immigration . 
  people will come from the wider world instead of mainly just from the eu . 
  britain always has and always will need immmigrants , whatever the racists think . 
  this steering you speak of sounds like the other view of being a pain in the ass . 
  i 'd throw the rebate in as something that we should n't have if we were really a part of the european union . 
  the words have been chosen very carefully in this process . 
  it should be and in/out question , where we either commit to europe fully or leave , but if that were the question i 've no doubt that the answer would be to leave , by a large majority . 
  ` remaining ' with this half-assed begrudged status quo would have no future . 
  there 's no point to it at all . 
  i ca n't , and if i ca n't justify joining the euro or schengen , then i ca n't justify being in the eu at all . 
  we 've become so used to this grumpy , unwilling half-membership that we think it 's normal . 
  we do n't fit , and the strange compromise we 're actually in is no good for us , or those members who want to integrate further . 
  what makes you think that will ever happen ? 
  there 's been no sign of any willingness to integrate further , which is why we 're having this referendum in the first place . 
  if the result is to remain , it 'll just reinforce the opposition as in scotland . 
  we 'll perpetually be on the edge , because we 're just not that similar to the core eu nations . 
  if the result is to stay , then the uk should join the schengen agreement to allow free movement of eu citizens , and also join the euro . 
  the current situation is not serious membership . 
   plus , contrary to popular belief ( of which i admit i 've once fallen victim myself ) the uk has only `` blocked '' a handful of eu laws ; only 2 % of them since 1999 . 
  it has been an integral part of the eu and a far greater boon than a bane to it that 2 % is not really very indicative , and uk opposition to the eu consensus has been getting worse : https://fullfact.org/europe/eu-facts-behind-claims-uk-influence/ plus , the uk has opted out of some pretty major cornerstones of the eu , the euro and schengen . 
  it also insisted on a rebate because of the perceived lack of return it was getting from its contributions . 
  it 's all pretty indicative of a badly suited member . 
  it was a largely unmentioned reason for why some people in the uk voted to leave . 
  when you 're at a party , and you do n't have much in common with anyone else there , and you argue with them a lot , then however cool the party is you know you should just go . 
  thanks , it took a while . 
  maybe the maps are n't very clear , but the graphs below are . 
  i see a downward trend of opinion in almost every country except those that had recently been bailed out during the financial crisis . 
  bear in mind that eb81 was in spring 2014 , when euroscepticism was still a bit fringe , and brexit was still regarded as an impossibility . 
  it 's really not a good thing that they stopped asking . 
  in reply to your slightly prejudiced other question , i have lived in france for more than 20 years , working at various international organizations that have given me first hand experience of the nature of collaboration between the different cultures of europe . 
  i 've been involved in several ec bids and funded projects , and visited brussels many times . 
  i hope that means you might be able to take my opinion a little more seriously , 
  i found it : https://arnoldplaton.wordpress.com/2016/10/09/federalist-sentiment-in-the-european-union/, 
  the questions change over the years , and they used to have one about federation or integration or something like that , but sometime in the 2000s , after the big eastwards expansion , it took a sudden drop in popularity and the question was n't asked after that . 
  it was something like ` should europe become a single nation of federated states ' or something like that . 
  having a dig , but on mobile so it 's tricky . 
  i found this though , which is a bit alarming : https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/delivery.cfm/ssrn_id2681038_code2349439.pdf?abstractid=2681038&amp;mirid=1&amp;type=2 not sure if it 's credible though . 
  but out of interest , do you have anything to the contrary ? 
  that sounds nice . 
  if people are that complicit then why not see if you can get them into the euro and schengen while you 're at it . 
  unfortunately i think you 've fallen into the trap of having so little respect for people with opposing opinions to yourself that you manage to dismiss them as stupid , lazy or too old to matter . 
  the uk leaving the eu has been building since black wednesday . 
  it was a surprise that it happened on this referendum . 
  but even if it gets blocked , it will happen eventually but with a lot more trouble . 
  the eurobarometer used to poll about it until opinion started turning against it . 
  so they stopped asking . 
  less pressure towards federation, 
  that 's really interesting , thank you . 
  in may 's defense she does consider it important enough to mention as one of the 12 points . 
  unlike gibraltar . 
  that largely depends on whether its leadership continues to refuse to listen to the people of europe , or whether they 'll use this experience to learn to loosen their grip and avoid being `` crushed into tiny pieces '' as may mentioned in her speech . 
  she knew what she was talking about there . 
  hmm you 're right sorry , i was misinformed . 
  there is some sort of special status at the border though is n't there ?
