  it proves my point : stopping the refugee flow will do _ absolutely nothing _ to preventing terrorism . 
  because the rest of terrorists _ all entered using other means _ which would n't have been prevented by restricting the refugee flow . 
  unless you plan to stop accepting turkish passports in the eu ? 
  this subreddit is so xenophobic i could believe that ... 
  amdahl 's law says you start with whatever is the largest source of terrorists , because even if you 're able to filter out a measly 1 % of the native/french-born terrorists ( i.e. 
  1000 terrorists ) , it would have a much more significant impact than if you were able to filter out 100 % of terrorist refugees ( i.e. 
  and filtering out the undocumented , unverified ( not illegal ! ), 
  immigrant flow has a ton of other , also important moral issues . 
  in fact politicians know this very well , since the `` lowest hanging fruit '' they will start with is national-level internet censorship . 
   well it 's a danger.just couple days ago over 100 innocent people died.and many more before that . 
  it was a friday night . 
  did you know that because the accident paralyzed most of paris ' car traffic , about 3500 souls were saved that night ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/motor-racing/paris-attacks-fia-president-jean-todt-says-more-people-die-in-car-accidents-than-in-fridays-a6734661.html effectively : the terrorists attacks actually saved more people than they killed . 
  ( which is why i would be in favor of restricting car traffic in paris ; and certainly not in favor of murdering people every friday night , before we take things out of context ) . 
  yet , the refugees are for some reason the main danger here ? 
   yeah they were french by citizenship.that 's it.but in reality they hated france and it 's values , a lot of muslims in western europe do not indentify as europeans , or french , german or whatever , they in fact put their faith first and they hate the western world yeah , that 's the reason their parents came here , they were born here and spent most of their life here . 
   i got a feeling that you hate the western world as well . 
  no , but i hate this subreddit . 
  it 's so full of xenophobia it is disgusting at best . 
  unless you assume western values = christianity , since i 'm an atheist . 
  i do n't think _ any religion _ can function in a civilized society . 
  my country was for 70 years under the iron rule of so called `` national catholicism '' ( which had the endorsement of the pope itself ) dictatorship . 
  so please do n't even think for a second that you can call christianity a valid example of a `` non-backwards religion '' . 
  this was less than 40 years ago . 
  this is the reason i see all religions for what they truly are , and the reason it really enrages me when they try to make this into a battle of religions when * it is not * . 
  it is a battle between idiots and larger idiots , innocent people dying in between , and the european values ( including rights of men ) being stripped away _ by the european people themselves _ who actually listen when these idiots speak . 
   ok , i see you have problems seeing the difference between a random idiot who kills his wife and a fucking terrorist . 
  of course i can see the difference . 
  the idiot gets thrown to jail and nobody questions his `` frenchness '' . 
  the terrorists get gunned down immediately and for some weird reason we need to find someone else to blame for their actions . 
   when that happens , we should consider finding the root of the problem , but atm , islamic terrorists are a real and big threat . 
  even on your own reply you 're double-thinking !!!!, 
  ca n't you people even read what you write ? 
  tell me . 
  if you had 10000 active terrorists inside the border of france , and 100 of those had come through the refugee flow ( 0.1 % ) ... ** what use would be in restricting the refugee flow ? 
  ** just tell me . 
  are you people incapable of basic logic ? 
  so i 'm the stupid one even when replying to a post when at least one textbook logical fallacy is present for every two sentences ? 
   are you trying to argue that murder is a french value ? 
   are you trying to argue that islamism is not a danger to europe ? 
  are you trying to argue that islamism is a danger to europe ? 
  cause , if so : fuck yeah !, 
  there have been way more deaths related to christianity in west and north europe _ even in this past decade _ than those related to islamism . 
  but obviously , the main danger here is islamism , and not ourselves !, 
  heck , and i did n't want to get into this topic . 
   what are you trying to do here ?? 
  simple : that it is not a valid argument that because they murdered , they were less french ( it would be a textbook example of no true scotsman , as said ) . 
  therefore , i keep my original point that _ the majority of these terrorists _ were french , not refugees . 
  if for some reason you believe `` no true scotsman '' to be valid logical argument , then it turns out europe has zero murder rate !!!, 
  everyone who ever murders is not european !!, 
  we 're all living in a happy utopia were the root of all evil is the refugees !!!, 
  those evil refugees are slaughtering us !, 
   terrorists kill because of their ideology . 
  which is clearly not a personal reason !, 
  because they 're muslim !, 
  had they been cristian , everything , even killing in the name of god , would have been a `` personal reason '' !, 
  i already decided i do n't give a damn about my karma when i decided posting something sensible here in / r/europe , so feel free to downvote me as much as you want without exposing your reasons !, 
  i will only feel happy about that since it confirms this subreddit is insane . 
  yes . 
  you believe yourself to be over france 's law . 
  enuff said . 
  i mean , fuck the french . 
  _ i _ get to decide who is french and who is n't !, 
   it is beyond retarded to take in more people of the same ethnic/religious group of people when you already have second/third generation immigrants that are causing you problems . 
  wait , wait a second . 
  we have nth generation immigrations causing more problems than all the other ethnics combined together : it 's called _ the french _ themselves . 
  do you we expell them all from the country ? 
   we have 4 capable `` allies '' that want fuck all to do with them other than funding more mosques in europe . 
  these `` capable allies '' have also been issuing passports to these terrorists . 
  and yet i 'm the one not thinking things through . 
   why does europe have to take these migrants ? 
  this _ is _ open for debate . 
  but `` fuck yeah they 're all terrorists '' is not a valid argument . 
   blowing yourself up while shouting allahu akbar is not really a french value . 
  ah , a textbook example of the no true scotsman fallacy !, 
  so first things first : since murdering is clearly not a french value , all murderers must have been not french !, 
   this just goes to show that multiculturalism is a failure and islamists are dangerous , no matter where they were born . 
  i also love how you pulled this conclusion from your ass !, 
  so now you believe yourself to be over france 's law and able to define who is french and who is n't ? 
  not even being european-born is enough to be `` european '' ? 
  you also need to be aryan ? 
  blue eyes ? 
  let 's check for jew blood while we 're at it ??? 
  man , the world is going downhill faster than i could ever imagine . 
  oh yes , there will be more . 
  there will be many more french-by-french murders _ this month _ than french-by - `` guy-with-dubious-identity-that-swept-in-with-the-refugees '' murders _ in a damn decade _ . 
  that most probably would have ocurred even if you restricted the flow of refugees !!, 
  but again , let 's continue talking about the refugees , let 's continue ... 
  one !!!, 
  one !!!!, 
  only one suicide bomber entered hiding with the refugees . 
  so what exactly would have been fixed by preventing refugees from entering _ when the rest of terrorists all entered using other means _ ? 
  or even they were _ bred _ here , i.e. 
  they were more french than even the average french . 
  a fact that would make many heads explode around here , it seems . 
  but no problem !, 
  let 's all talk about how the root of all evil is the refugees !, 
  pp is as far-right as corruptconvergencia is , and you 'd a have a hard time making me believe otherwise ( see my flair ) . 
  being conservative , immobilist and religious does not move you to the political center . 
  a common mistake that this country often makes ( see cs ) .
