  human rights and freedoms are literally the stone pillars of what was being celebrated in nice that day . 
  please do n't ruin that . 
  which just proves how stupid these false syllogisms are . 
  not all religious persons are associated with isis , but all those associated with isis are religious persons . 
  specifically , abrahamic religions ( judaism , christianism , islam , ... ) . 
  so , what conclusion can we make from this ? 
   isis is a islamic organisation and therefore an islamic problem what a nice argument . 
  i mean , they 're also bipedal , so it 's clearly a bipedal problem ? 
  when are ducks going to do anything about to it ? 
   the problem will not go away until muslims confront it and trying to deny it will only make this problem worse . 
  i do n't understand how to make them confront it more . 
  some of them are already in a literal war with it . 
  your analogy is terribly broken , or you 're assigning a strange meaning to the word ` diversity ' . 
  so you think that for some reason it is easier to practice secularism when there is a single , huge , homogeneizing religion than when there 's a myriad of diverse religions ? 
  i 'd love to hear why ... 
  why should muslims have their rights restricted because of the actions of isis ? 
  how exactly is that fair ? 
  false syllogism go both ways ... 
  sadly , how can we do this in the age of the internet without heavy censorship in international communications ? 
  ( something that i personally would n't be entirely against for , but certainly not on a whim ) . 
  really ? 
   also , brexit is not about other countries ' economies , spain , greece , etc were never great economic powers . 
  : raises eyebrow , but ... too tired to argue :, 
  gdp does not measure `` better place to live '' . 
  it 's also quite ironic to celebrate bastille day by showing off the army . 
  armies are not usually friends with la r\u00e9volution . 
  much less with ` prises ' of any state prison . 
  so if this is about asymlum seekers , how can you say stuff such as `` 10 years down the line '' ? 
  do you have statistics for that ? 
  from 10 years old asylum seekers ? 
  from 5 year old ? 
   those data include labor immigrants . 
  the employment statistics for refugee immigrants are much worse in comparison . 
  so where is that data ? 
   the unemployment rate for native swedish women in your source is 4.2 % , lower than that of native men . 
  my mistake , i 'm removing that remark . 
  thank you . 
  [ no , we 're not ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/migrant_integration_statistics_-_employment ) . 
   it contradicts the premise because lowering salaries increases wealth disparity , making a country less stable . 
  thus not making the country stronger . 
  fair enough . 
  the rebuke to that , is that , of course , we do n't need any migrants for lowered salaries . 
  a few years of a right-wing government is much more effective at that , no migrants required . 
  see spain . 
  in the meanwhile ... migrants are still doing some jobs citizens are not doing , either by disgust or skills . 
   these people are not migrating with skills they 'll be able to apply , or which are in short supply . 
  there 's a reason in some countries refugees employment are at 20 % after decades . 
  i am sorry how many skills do you need to run a bakery ? 
  i find your argument ( assuming it were true ) fails to address my statement . 
  in the meanwhile , if 20 % unemployment proved anything ... spain would be fucked , right ? 
  yet we are one of the european countries with higher number of university degrees per capita . 
   a spaniard with an engineering degree that goes to a country where his degree is recognized and has a lack of engineers is a positive and this is what most people fail to realize . 
  some britons already despise the polish , degrees et al , how much do you think it 'll take them to despise the spaniard ? 
  what do you think are your chances of success of finding a job are , as a spaniard , in ukip 's uk ? 
  in le pen 's france ? 
  out of all nationalities , it surprises me the most to find xenophobic arguments in countries such as spain or poland which are currently in a diaspora or have recently experienced one . 
  who do you think is going to welcome our highly-capable emigrants ? 
  where are my daughters going to find a job that is at least minimally related to their future university studies in a increasingly xenophobic europe and a spain that has increasingly fewer jobs for high-level education workers every day ? 
  these are questions that are unrelated to the topic at at hand , but i 'm really curious for your answers . 
  but they do work . 
  or are you arguing that because there 's some unemployment between the swedish then `` their work can not make sweden better '' ? 
  xenophobic literally means `` fear of the foreign '' . 
  can you tell me why do you feel i abused the word in my above comment ? 
  considering that he was ( also literally ) using the word `` imported '' as if it was a negative quality ? 
  why are you saying this ? 
  when did i suggest anyone should `` take care of anyone '' ? 
  and besides : i certainly take care of my own first . 
  those are my wife and daughters . 
  [ all others pay cash ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/in_god_we_trust:_all_others_pay_cash ) , including `` my own nation and its citizens '' . 
  i see no reason why i should distinguish someone from `` my own nation '' versus a random north-american or any other citizen-of-the-world , and i would really enjoy someone to try to figure out a pragmatic , scientific , or even idealistic reason why i should . 
   an uneducated , imported and possibly violent underclass to take all the jobs too dangerous , dirty or distasteful for well integrated workers . 
  so how would your sarcasm differ if you removed ` imported ' from the equation ? 
   an uneducated and possibly violent underclass to take all the jobs too dangerous , dirty or distasteful for well integrated workers . 
  there you have the current situation , migrants or not . 
  so , basically , unless for some xenophobic reason you are scared of the word ` imported ' , i fail to see the sarcasm here . 
  even if you were to find a problem with that statement , it would _ still _ not contradict the premise . 
  but for the sake of discussion i will rebuke your argument , too . 
  do you have any studies ? 
  did you spent 5 + years of your life studying economics , only to end up working at , say , a run of the mill bakery franchise ? 
  there 's not a lot of money involved ( though sadly , possibly even more than there 's for a researcher in spain ) , but it 's comfortably higher than the minimum wage . 
  when faced with such an `` opportunity '' , most spaniards are deciding to leave the country instead . 
  there 's a reason stats show that those fleeing the country are the most educated . 
  and , again , this is just an example of the many reasons there are . 
  fine , removed . 
  does that change the argument in any way ? 
  not really . 
  this subreddit is back to its normal downvoting stupidity . 
  laissez-faire , everyone !, 
  or they could also be willing to work in jobs that other people wo n't take . 
  whatever the reason ( there are many ) , the fact is that your statement does not contradict the premise that refugees are making the country stronger . 
  and this being a logical deduction , there 's literally no way around it . 
  yes , it 's been strange . 
  it seems as if the biggotry on this subreddit was `` laying low '' , so to speak , after brexit . 
  but now it 's gone back to full power . 
  that does not contradict `` refugees make our country stronger because of their work and talents '' . 
  yep , this is typical news piece that will never appear on any national tv network . 
  and if it does , they will ensure to make it look as if `` those communist pigs from brussels are threating our sovereignty !, 
  spain politicians at work , nothing to see here , move along . 
  i still do n't get _ why _ would that matter , but even if it mattered , it is mostly false . 
  the uk prefers trading with europe literally as much as spain does , about 60 % both according to oecd data .
