  yes , this happened here not long ago . 
  most countries have laws requiring labelling of products , menus , etc. 
  in the local language , language protectionism aside . 
  i ca n't see why the catalan government ca n't require that for both languages since both are official . 
  it 's not really unconstitutional -- most probably because this was actually born back when pp was ruling the place , and before they started with the catalan hate show . 
   countries like the united states and britain have longstanding laws to protect whistle-blowers ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha . 
  ha ha . 
  good luck though . 
  the last time a `` green '' politician tried to remove cars from the road in barcelona , populism backfired against him , and it costed him dearly in the polls . 
  it 's funny that so called populist parties themselves will now try this . 
  except that here , the only innovation from uber is , precisely , that they skip regulation . 
  we 're already ` controlling ' . 
  and we 're deporting people ( even non migrants ! ), 
  who show even the slightlest hint of `` extremism '' . 
  i do n't what else do you think could be done . 
  so your answer to `` how to control immigration flow '' is to ... `` just stop and control it '' ? 
   no one says nazis are fine . 
  you are , for some reason , trying to justify why eeuu importing nazis is fine while sweden importing muslims is not , so do n't say that to me . 
   also if muslims are as useful as those nazis which were bought to the us , why sweden does n't travel into space yet and has n't become a superpower , even though muslims immigrate for several decades there , ... well , sweden is for a start a much better country than mine , than for one reason or another does n't have as much large as a muslim population . 
   the reason is that both are ideologies which are responsible for ruining countless of lives and genocidal policies . 
  pay attention here : nazism and salafism , sure . 
  muslim , not true at all . 
   now that 's a straw man since the article says this about iranian only , which are not all the mena people of sweden of course and probably not even the majority of them . 
  well , first , they are the second or third majority , not much farther behind from anything else . 
  second , do we start making exceptions ? 
  iranians are no true menas ? 
   now guess how much murders in iraq , afghanistan or somalia in last year i do n't know where this conversation is going , but obviously if all you do is to cite war zones , then for sure murder is going to be a bigger problem than anything else ? 
  i mean , iran for a start is pretty much like europe : more drugs problem than murder problem . 
   i do n't get why you come with sweden since it 's not a muslim country ( yet ? ), 
  simple : because you argued they should ban muslim immagrants because they are as dangerous as drugs . 
  i 've shown that is not even remotely true in any objective way . 
  if other countries have less of a drug problem or more of a murder problem or are in a literal war zone , i do n't care . 
   why ? 
  because they are different by an order of magnitude , that 's why . 
  except that they could n't be more wrong with the `` without any actual change '' part . 
  our personal freedoms are being eroded and eroded without end in sight ; as expected , it is not helping at all with solving murder ; despite that , they keep calling for more . 
   oh yes , somehow i forgot that most of muslims who migrated to sweden are rocket engineers and spacecraft designers . 
  also , i highly doubt that these people genuinely followed nazi ideology after they came to the states . 
  ah yes , of course . 
  i mean , those nazis , they are completely fine . 
  but the muslims , no , those are different !, 
  we have to ban them !, 
  because they will never stop following their ideology , which you compare to nazism for some reason !, 
   google says nothing on that , however it says that over half of sweden 's unemployed are foreigners . 
  something suggests me that quite significant percentage are mena people . 
  up to the point that the unemployment rate between all of sweden 's foreigeners is less than of sweden 's youngsters . 
  google also says that mena people are highly more educated than the average ( right in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_sweden ) , but we 'll also ignore that . 
   probably because murdering own wife , 3 children and oneself is still has much less casualties than inclination of religious wars which is way more common for middle eastern countries rather than for western civilizations ? 
  erm . 
  more than 100 murders last year in sweden alone . 
  http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/wp0kg/the-crime-situation-in-sweden-compared-to-the-us-in-4-charts one of the lowest murder raters in all of europe , and it is still much higher than `` religions wars '' . 
   in the world . 
  still not comparable . 
   looks pretty close taking into account that heroin is n't the only drug which may cause death . 
  which is why the map is for all drugs . 
  and even if the two maps were close , please remember that the maps compare drug deaths will all murder . 
  you want to compare drds with `` salafist-related murder '' , a subset of a subset of all murders . 
   i 'm blaming the stupid decisions to let everyone enter the eu and roam freely because they might be refugees , while most of them are criminals , terrorists and economic migrants and not refugees . 
  but this is not true , and i can not even think of one reason why you would believe it as true . 
  i 'm spanish and when trying to enter france i get my ass fucking searched every time . 
  you can try this yourself . 
  go to your nearest border and try to cross it . 
  is it that you never travel ? 
  why do you assume that the eu is letting `` everyone enter '' ? 
  is it because you have been manipulated , too ? 
  also for the price of taking care of 1 refugee in germany , we could take care of 10 refugees somewhere in the middle east i 'm quite sure we also do that . 
  last time i checked , we have volunteers right there . 
  no , closed and regressive countries like russia , iran , china , north korea , ... 
  i guess i assumed too much . 
   let 's be honest - i doubt any country would welcome importing people who genuinely follow national socialistic ideology from another countries . 
  cough . 
  the us did _ exactly that _ , and is quite probably the reason they were first to the moon and a superpower right now . 
  please read your nearest history book . 
  just look at the number of mena ceos in fortune 500 companies and be . 
  surprised . 
   from a global perspective though , during the past 50 years most of mass murders and homicides were done by muslim . 
  because mass-murder is defined these days as `` homicides done by a muslim '' . 
  otherwise please tell me why this is a `` mass murder '' any more than yet another crazy father going bonkers and murdering his wife and 3 children then suiciding himself . 
  `` most homicides during the past 50 years were done by muslim '' needs a _ very large _ justification , and if you really want useful data , you 'd need a murder/capita ratio . 
   islam killed probably far more people than heroin did during the past 50 years , yet only one of them is banned where ? 
  for sure not in europe . 
  drug-related deaths ( drd ) http://www.worldlifeexpectancy.com/cause-of-death/drug-use/by-country/ are literally an order of magnitude larger than murders https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ; comparing it to the number of `` homicides done by muslim '' would be laughable . 
  _ you _ are being manipulated . 
  there is a reason spain went to left after the terrorist attacks , which i suggest to read ( it was also a manipulation ) , and why the current wind is to go to the right . 
  `` that 's the only way of solving terrorism '' my ass , since terrorism _ for a start _ actually tends to happen more in more closed and regressive countries . 
  they are also not refugees but people are trying to blame refugees for some reason . 
  if you are going to argue , `` but we ban refugees because they will become the problem later on !, 
  '' , in addition to disagreeing , i will also point that there you have your answer : converts will become the problem after you 've banned people born in muslim-majority countries . 
  most possibly never ( in the same way secessionism-related terrorism is still alive in many european countries ) . 
  i am sure as the numbers go even lower that another motivation will be found soon enough to start filling headlines with . 
  so when the first terrorist attack happens after you 've stopped migration , what next ? 
  you start censoring youtube , so that no new converts can be formed ? 
  you start censoring mail ? 
  we also ban procreation -- because it may bring new potential terrorists to the country ? 
  it 's not clear to me why would justify banning migration and not anything of the above things . 
  all of the above , including migration , have brought more positive things to the country than negative . 
  but for sure i believe that people go grazy with every tragedy and ask to ban more non-sensical things every time . 
  when looking in perspective , most murders are being done by non-converts anyway . 
  when will _ what _ end ? 
  murders ?
