  it 's funny how their opinion on the topic changes every other day . 
  they were quite content with a similar proposal less than a few months ago : http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2015/11/01/actualidad/1446409391_525424.html in the meanwhile , everyone forgets that not only `` abolishing separation of powers '' is not mentioned anywhere in the programme , but also that what the program does mention actually increases the separation , by e.g. 
  giving the judiciary power over a new independent police force , as is the case in other countries . 
  what i find despicable , though , is that monedero is still around . 
  i completely agree , as the entire www has had a `` liberal ( american definition ) or libertarian '' bias ever since its first days . 
  however , that is as right-wing as it gets , specially the american definition of it , and also specially in europe . 
   the generally left wing reddit audience huh ?? 
  the damage he 's done will take long to repair ( see my country ) . 
  bonus points if the civ5 reference was intentional , 
  at least there _ was _ a chance , even if slight , before him ( some people even put a date ) . 
  today there would be a civil war in europe before turkey was allowed to join . 
  in spain , catholicism is written in the constitution . 
  i agree so much here . 
  still thinking about this , surprisingly it has never done _ any good at all _ to corruptg\u00e8ncia . 
  back when they started with the charade and advanced the elections , they got worse results than they already had . 
  one could ask what results they would have got if they did n't try to antagonize spain , but then again , if they had n't started with the charade they would have never advanced the election date in the first place ( since they started it to try and reach an absolute majority in parliament ) . 
  then , when the polls showed that ciu would lose almost half of its representatives , they started with the entire jxs plan , which they liked because it would allow them to force a coalition to stay in power . 
  well , they stayed in power , but they payed quite the price . 
  they 've not been able to take any action in government , their party is in rambles , and soon they 're going to be the smallest party in the entire coalition . 
  assuming they exist still by next election time . 
  in the meanwhile , which party in spain would landslide the elections if _ anything _ were to happen regarding catalonia-spain relations now ? 
  if a similar case were to happen in catalonia , the resulting `` enraged '' voters would distribute themselves to erc , cup or even podem -- i mean , look at major catalan press today . 
  but this is still just a wild mass guessing . 
  i hope that at some point we can get rid of this persistent 30 % voter base from pp much as we finally got rid of the corruptg\u00e8ncia one . 
  it has certainly not done wonders at all for corruptg\u00e8ncia , which are literally disintegrating as a party ( ciu , in fact , no longer exists ) . 
  the worst they 've managed to do is to stay 4 more years in power within a coalition in which they 're not able to move a finger without someone vetoing . 
  and in fact it looks like it wo n't last 4 years at all . 
  in the polls , they 've dropped from a comfy 35 % to around 13 % of votes , and they keep decreasing . 
  so at least antagonizing spain has most definitely _ not _ worked for corruptg\u00e8ncia . 
   just trying to further antagonize catalans considering that pp already did that during the 2008 and 2010s campaigns , i could certainly believe that is their goal . 
  in fact , antagonizing the catalan has technically done wonders for them . 
  i mean , their voter base in the rest of spain is still increasing ... 
   introducing laws protecting religions like for example ? 
  eu country and law , please . 
  like for example ? 
  i am going to upvote you just to show how crazy this subreddit is . 
   to obfuscate the topic in mindless , irrelevant minutiae . 
  hey , if you are tired and want to mic drop , at least do it with some style . 
  cause this is the lamest cop out excuse i 've ever heard . 
  let me summarize the conversation for a 5yo : * you : comission the only one that can suggest amendments . 
  * me : ep certainly can suggest and vote amendments . 
  it spends most of the time doing so . 
  * you : < broken analogy that includes obscene language  . 
  oh , and ep spends most of the time doing irrelevant things . 
  * me : your analogy is broken because the ep has additional power to coerce the commission that you do n't have . 
  * you : you have reading comprehension issues and should be ashamed . 
  the ep 's only additional power is to veto the full law down so it 's subject to the `` stapled law '' problem . 
  in addition you 're a `` denier of the obvious '' . 
  * me : most parliaments in the world are subject to the `` stapled law '' problem . 
  the simpsons made reference to it . 
  your parliament is subject to the stapled law problem . 
  i do n't really think the eu needs to be better than most eu democracies in order to `` suceed '' , just the same . 
  oh , and by the way , you keep omitting the fact that the ep can propose and vote on amendments . 
  * you : < completely unrelated example about the ability of a finnish ep to propose legislation from zero , as if it had anything to do with amendments or the stapled law problem  < again , the completely broken analogy that you have the same power as a mep to propose legislation  * me : your example is totally unrelated , but you are right that is something that a mep currently does n't have the power to draft legislation individually . 
  neither does a representative in my country , so while i think this is an eu problem , it 's certainly not enough to argue that `` the ep is useless '' . 
  in the meanwhile , your argument that you have the same power as a random mep is still broken , because they can make amendments , they can vote individual amendments , they can veto the full law , and as a last resort they can even sue the comission . 
  you can do neither of those . 
  you can not even sue the comission for not listening to your obscene proposals . 
  * you : you obfuscte the topic in mindless , irrelevant minutiae . 
  so here 's a different topic : parliament lacks power to propose legislation and vote on it . 
  well , this is certainly _ not _ possible in any bicameral system because you need the cooperation of the two houses , so your assumption that is prevalent in most democracies is wrong . 
  but why bother ... 
  it takes a politician to know one . 
  it is too late for this subreddit . 
  the damage is already irreversible here . 
  now seriously , did any of you ever realize that there 's _ always _ time to machine gun every refugee to death , but that , on the other hand , there are few chances to do `` the right thing '' ? 
   the socialist cynic in me tells me that the pendulum swung to the right really fast as soon as the middle and upper classes started feeling the full effects of their policies aswell if that is true ( which i have my doubts ) there goes the `` europe will turn into a muslim shithole '' argument . 
  most likely , europe turns into a right-wing shithole the moment an effluent citizen watches a refugee from his high-rise apartment window . 
  more likely , we will see such a extremist right wing increase that there will be another big war in europe before the number of `` muslims '' becomes significant enough to affect legislation in any way . 
  the big example is that that , while in absolute numbers the increase of extremist right wing voters and muslims have both been rather small , the number of new extremist right wing voters is many orders of magnitude larger than the number of new muslims . 
   high quality critique . 
  simpsons . 
  critique ? 
  o.o  this possibility exists in most european democracies today . 
  it 's the point that keeps government `` honest '' , by ensuring that if minority within the government uses political machinations to avoid specific legislation that enjoys popular support within parliament from being introduced ... it gets introduced by mps from outside the government instead and will pass and actually written into law . 
  you have changed the topic . 
  now you are talking about _ legislative initiative _ , i.e. 
  starting the process itself , not proposal of amendments . 
  i am going to assume , by your description , that finland allows a single mp to draft new legislation . 
  that 's something that neither the eu nor my country allow , both of which require majority before the process can be started . 
  hopefully this nice stuff trickles south at some point . 
   on your second point , you appear to be denying the fact that these nice streaming sessions you watch have little to no actual impact on what is being actually put into the directives , as parliament is still largely a rubber stamp for commission that can accept or deny what commission puts before it . 
  and make amendments , you keep conveniently forgetting that . 
  i am not even going to enter into the conciliation houses because that is probably too much for the level of this conversation . 
  are you seriously going to argue that if you have the power to amend and veto what actually goes into the directives `` you have little impact '' on them ? 
   if it attempts to append , commission simply pulls legislation and puts it before the parliament again . 
  which it denies ? 
   parliament has no power to vote in measures it `` adopts '' . 
  false . 
   all those measures go back to commission , which is not compelled in any way to actually keep them in the text . 
  veto threat is n't enough ? 
  ( and eventually , ep could even _ sue _ the commision ) . 
   we 've seen these elements quite a few times already , nastiest one being the patent directive which got buried specifically because commission simply would not budge on parliament 's `` amendments '' no matter how much parliament tried to get it to do so . 
  wait a second , are you using an example of the system working as designed as a negative ? 
  ep voted against the amendment even after it was `` stapled '' to some unconspicuously-looking law agricultural tax incentives . 
  no such luck in the us , for example ...  what you are watching on the stream is good theatre . 
  this is a complete hyperbole , and to prove it , you have failed to show an example where the will of ep has been effectively ignored . 
   again : emps can propose anything they want , just as i personally can . 
  that 's freedom of speech . 
  not really .
