  yes , corrected . 
  i am not talking specifically about `` el peri\u00f3dico '' . 
  el peri\u00f3dico has reported quite a lot of protests against mas ... 
  so we should blame catalonia even when the issue is that a majority of spain 's voters will stupidly sway their votes to extreme far-right parties to `` fix '' what they perceive to be a huge problem ? 
  when in truth from any objective , reasonable , and non-biased point of view it is actually a very minor problem ? 
  ( and in fact , that is one of the arguments commonly used by non-secessionists ), 
  i agree . 
  the worst part is that i do n't understand why he 's doing this . 
  if all he wants is power and/or immunity for his ... fiscal troubles , then he could just let romeva or anyone else from his huge list of minions be sworn president . 
  he would still effectively rule , and big pr win . 
  the fact that he 's not doing that , in my opinion , means that . . * he 's crazy * or he 's in this because he literally wants his name to be written down in history books * or ( conspiracy theory ) both pp and corruptcongerencia have an agreement to keep the charade as long as possible and at least until pp wins in this year 's elections . 
  after that , he will just drop the mask and get back to his usual far-right policies . 
  hey , as a current public worker in catalonia , i 've been in _ hundreds _ of demonstrations and protests against corruptcongervencia . 
  i 've seen my pay cut by more than 10 % for what seems to be no reason . 
  and yet i find it _ extremely lame _ that the first protest to get national coverage _ at all _ is a relatively small one that happened to be scheduled right after the secession plan voting . 
  and they say it 's catalan media the one with strong bias ... 
  i hate this country . 
   what makes you feel that it 's designed to promote ` two party ' systems ? 
  votes required for a seat for jxsi ( 1st ) : 26145 votes required for a set for cs ( 2nd ) : 29396 votes required for a seat for psc ( 3rd ) : 32638 votes required for a set for csqp ( 4th ) : 33318 you get the idea . 
  as you see , both the 1st and 2nd parties have `` cheaper '' access to seats in parliament . 
  they get more seats with less votes ( note : i am ignoring electoral districts so the actual distortion differs ) this is a known effect of d'hondt and derived methods . 
  if you ignore first past the post and other ways to set an implicit or explicit lower threshold on the number of voters required for a set , d'hondt is the method with largest positive distortion for larger parties and coalitions . 
  when it was adopted by spain , this was seen as an advantage . 
  `` stable parliaments '' , they said ... 
  but ironically , that other `` fake referendum '' from last year , is considered `` not a referendum '' by both secessionist and non-secessionist parties alike . 
  despite the fact that `` yes '' won by a landslide majority . 
  but they have supported pp at least as much as they have supported psoe , probably even more , and pp clearly aligns closer with their program . 
   everything cup does is subjected to what they understand is `` standing up to the man ( tm ) '' that very minute direct democracy at work . 
  i guess representative democracy is n't that bad after all , eh ? 
  i really hope you 're being sarcastic . 
   a dialogue requires two parts . 
  all the catalan government has done in the past 5 years is `` do what i say '' . 
  they keep talking about dialogue but they make no attempt to dialogue . 
  what the fuck ? 
  so basically you are arguing that it is the catalan government , who has been until today completely following every mandate from the central government to the letter , is the one calling the shots here ? 
  it 's been the complete opposite . 
  the catalan government has been making continuous requests to the spanish government . 
  many of them have been meet with a `` no '' , and sometimes a `` no and fuck you '' . 
  well , today is the first day the catalan government says `` no '' . 
  i do n't even begin to understand what you 're trying to imply there . 
  so you think it 's been catalonia ruling spain during the past decades ? 
   there is a legal , scheduled framework to make such referendum happen . 
  where is it ? 
   they are not ignored and they very much enjoy it . 
  no , they are no longer ignored now that they are in power ... 
   a federal reform is n't for catalonia but for everybody . 
  and ? 
  i still do n't understand what do you want to discuss here . 
   and c 's has also a federal proposal . 
  great , so according to you now it 's only pp who wants less autonomy . 
  more than 90 % of catalans want more autonomy for catalonia . 
  if other autonomies get more autonomy too then that 's a nice side effect . 
  it 's not like anyone would object to that ? 
  what does n't hold anymore ? 
  even psoe supports increased autonomy for catalonia . 
  in case you missed it : http://www.elmundo.es/espana/2015/10/11/561a5219e2704e436e8b45c4.html as i said , it is only pp and cs who want less autonomy . 
   still , changing the constitution requires a 3/4 majority a 3/4 majority in parliament , not in a referendum . 
  which i 'll concede , neither side does have . 
  in a referendum it 's always 50 % +1 majority . 
  which we do n't know since there 's been no referendum at all . 
  you might joke all you want about it , but the only parties who are entirely against any type of increased autonomy are pp and cs , totaling less than 25 % of vote . 
  the rest of parties all support some type of increased autonomy one way or another . 
  well , that 's exactly how it is in fact titled !, 
  but whatever . 
  it still stands that they did not vote no to secession and never have . 
   as a german , i am sure you find the situation familiar . 
  yes , you 've seen through our cover !, 
  we plan to start the invasion of poland in 3 , 2 , 1 ... rounding up of jews we leave for tomorrow . 
  we 're that lazy . 
  jxsi and cup ( majority in seats , not votes ) presented their joint plan for `` starting a secession plan '' ( ah , politics ) . 
  the rest of parliament voted against it , but it was approved . 
  after that , csqp ( ~ 10 % votes ) presented an alternate plan for `` starting a secession plan with a priority on the people ! '', 
  the rest of parliament voted against it . 
  then they went home and had lunch . 
  but there 's a hard deadline , 2016 , after which they 're supposed to resort to `` more active '' methods . 
  which is quite reasonable imho . 
  no , they did not vote `` no '' to secession . 
  repeating it many times does not make it true . 
  please see above for my rebuttal . 
  they 've made their own proposal for secession . 
  i suggest you read it . 
  ironically , precisely to give slightly increased power to rural areas in order to avoid centralizing all the power and thus avoid fueling secessionist movements . 
  in addition , it also slightly gives additional representation to the first and second parties by number of votes . 
  it 's basically designed to perpetuate bipartidism . 
  ( did i say this country is really fucked up ? 
  they voted `` no '' to the secession plan proposed to jxsi and cup , all right . 
  but they did not vote against secession . 
  one party ( the one i voted ) in fact proposed its own secession plan which included a call for a referendum ( with a hard deadline on 2016 ) . 
  as is in catalonia . 
  neither andalucia nor catalonia is where pp 's ~ 30 % of votes come from . 
  which is why i give the fake referendum slightly more weight than your average poll . 
  but not much . 
   will the spanish government not talk to the catalonian one ? 
  the current president only meets with openly anti-secession candidates and has in fact publicly admitted that he will not talk . 
   will the constitutional court not talk to the catalonian government ? 
  no -- see above . 
   can the catalonian government not institute a constitutional convention or speak to the king ? 
  speak to the king ? 
  do n't make me laugh ( see my flair btw ) . 
   the constitution has been amended in the past .
