  neither right nor left-leaning people really feel comfortable voting for it . 
  a huge majority of voters , as per the polls more than 80 % , just do not believe neither of these parties will actually succeed in seceding . 
  the other option is a far-left party , which already alienates more than half the voters just like that . 
  thus the reason i believe that if the were asked the question directly , the `` yes '' % would increase . 
   which is nonsense . 
  just think about this : would an independent catalonia accept that same argument if the province of tarragona decides that it wants to be an independent state too ? 
  after all the arguments that have been thrown away , you 'd have a hard time trying to convince anyone to deny that possibility . 
  why would that would be a problem ? 
  tarragona is larger than some countries . 
  in the past , whether you could split or not was dictated by whether you could raise an army large enough to defend from the country you were splitting to . 
  today , the only limit i can see is whether you can raise enough popular support ( hard to do if you 're creating divisions that literally split families apart , but easy to do otherwise ) , and that at some point it is not cost-feasible to actually build state infrastructure if the country becomes small enough . 
  otherwise , why not ? 
   any country that accepts that interpretation of their constitution or that includes a legal mechanism is doom to failure from the start technically i agree . 
  i refer to the european union as an example . 
  but this is the 21st century , and , in my humble opinion , it is more important to give additional powers back to citizens rather than keeping 19th century border lines intact . 
   unless you are telling me that the spanish government is a human rights abuser , arresting people just because or sending them into exile , what is the justification for independence ... ? 
  there a shitload many other reasons for secession . 
  continuing with the above example , ask ukip why they propose to leave the union . 
  some talk about `` want to govern ourselves instead of being governed from brussels '' and similar rhetoric , and i really doubt that the eu is a `` systematic human rights abuser '' ( well , at least , not yet ) . 
  please elaborate why . 
  the worst part : this is basically a _ death threat _ , and yet it is not being downvoted to hell . 
  well , i 'm doing my duty and reporting it to mods . 
   i think straying away from one another and pursuing own identities instead of being united is generally a bad thing . 
  we as humans , and to a greater extent , europeans , should work together . 
  you can still be united and `` work together '' even in different countries . 
  catalans , for the record , had one of the highest support levels ( in europe ! ), 
  of the failed european constitution . 
  scots are similarly highly pro-eu . 
  in fact , many people assume that by splitting the country we will be able to center on the actually important and thus be able to work together in a more efficient way . 
  rather than the current constant bickering about irrelevant things . 
  in a way , it 's the same as a divorce . 
  do you prefer a long and bitter life forced together , or a friendly `` let 's - just-be-friends '' with no obligations ? 
  obviously , none of this works if one of the sides ends up with remorse . 
  that 's something that we should try to avoid . 
   i hope your country goes to shit in a cluster-fuck of separatist movements . 
  see the problem here ? 
  i 'd _ wish _ my country was torn apart in a clusterfuck of separatist movements . 
  i 'd wish country lines were redrawn by actual cultural differences rather than historical artifacts . 
  i wish we could have electoral districts that made actual sense rather than poorly drawn , politically-motivated trainwrecks . 
  i 'd wish i could again talk of an `` iberian federation of republics '' and other ideas that have been lost to history thanks to 60 years of a stupid shortish dictator and his followers . 
  there 's even an entire reddit dedicated to dreams like the ones we have here . 
  so yeah , i do n't see any problem . 
   what if the other interlocutor does n't speak catalan , only speaks spanish . 
  again , when two people speak , one of them speaks two languages , the other only one . 
  it 's proper manners to speak in the language they both know . 
  well , then i think a bit of effort is required from the one that does not speak catalan . 
  specially for spanish speakers , it 's not hard to pick up the basics of the language in a single day . 
  not only that 's also proper manners ( try to move around in france speaking english only and see how highly the average french will think of you ) , but you will also improve yourself . 
  if the other end of the conversations sees you having problems understanding the local language , then they will be making a favor to you if they switch to a common language . 
  but at the same time , you will be making a favour to them if you speak the local language . 
  i do n't see why any of this should be forced by law . 
   that 's what i am talking about . 
  i do n't give a shit about rights , everyone has the right to be an asshole it does n't mean you have to be one . 
  i believe the core set of human rights trump any notion one might have of rudeness at any time . 
  it is also rude for me not to donate everything to homeless people and yet my right to private property trumps that . 
  otherwise , these rights would quickly disappear . 
   you know , the same thing that is happening right here , you have the right to speak spanish , but you speak english no , this subreddit is hardly spain or in a spanish-speaking country . 
  thus , i do n't really have `` a right '' to speak and be understood in spanish as much as i do in spain . 
  i speak english , which is the recommended language according to its rules and guidelines . 
  thanks for at least accepting it . 
   spanish people have the right to speak and be understood in their mother tongue in catalonia . 
  yes !, 
  and then , the other side may answer in catalan . 
  and no one complains , everyone happy . 
  exactly as in any other bilingual country !, 
  it 's not such a weird sighting . 
  it 's been like this for decades in many catalan towns , and since the death of franco , in barcelona too !, 
  and it is a beatiful thing . 
  i hope you understand my views now . 
  obviously , in the aragon pp wants to create , replying in catalan will get you a few years in the nearest pound-me-in-the-ass prison . 
  i believe that _ everyone should have the right to speak and be understood in their mother tongue while in their homeland _ . 
  this basic human right dominates my views on language policy . 
  because if i were to drop it , then we should all be speaking and teaching english , and fuck all other languages . 
  they 're just artificial barriers either way . 
  if you do n't believe on this basic human right , then continuing this discussion is pointless . 
  but i hope you understand it . 
  again , another perfect example of the lack of tact . 
  no conversation started in spanish can ever switched to catalan . 
  people whose mother tongue is catalan have _ no right _ to speak catalan , yet people whose mother tongue is spanish do . 
  it 's your duty as spaniard !, 
  it is written in the law !, 
  a law that you can not change unless you manage to convince  50 % of the huge spanish-only speaking majority !, 
  `` catalan is great , as long as it is kept home '' , as aznar used to say . 
  i was born in teruel , and both my mother and father 's tongue is spanish . 
  and yet i can empathize and understand _ how _ a catalan-speaking person must feel when dealing with the government . 
  an understanding that most of my early friends are _ completely unable to show _ . 
  the only difference is that i 've spent 30 + years in catalonia , and thus have seen with my own eyes the difficulties of people whose mother tongue is catalan . 
  well yes , but i do n't see why a few families leaving catalonia is a cause for concern . 
  emigration and immigration is nothing new around here . 
  heck , a shitload of people exit spain for germany every day and the response from the government is basically `` well , huh ! '' . 
  maybe you could elaborate a bit more into what is exactly what you fear ? 
  why is it bad for a country to split ? 
  why is it hateful , or heinous ? 
  are you catolic , by any chance ? 
  believe in that `` marriage until death do us part '' thing ? 
   spain is not a bilingual country . 
  someone from leon does n't have to know catalan , that would be bilingual . 
  and how does that change my argument ? 
  any bilingual country serves as an example . 
  and again , thanks for reminding that to catalan/galician/basque speakers !,
