  which of course i emphasized by bringing up the fucking point at which they fucking became one state . 
  that is n't even nitpicking , that is bringing your own fucking nits to pick . 
  so why do you even bring up the argument that they 've `` never been independent since the kingdom of aragon '' ? 
  by your admission , they had their own administration and laws . 
  that 's more independent that what they have now !, 
   i will however say that the notion that a 300 year old unification under a single monarch does n't exactly qualify something to be a completely separate thing . 
  to pretend there is no connection after that many years is silly . 
  no one pretends there 's no connection , that 's silly indeed . 
  almost all catalans speak spanish at a very high degree . 
  what i simply say is that pretending they were not independent at that point is also silly . 
  there are many regions that have been under control of actual _ spain _ ( i.e. 
  not because they were under the same crown , but actually controlled by spain ) for more than 300 years and they 're as independent now as it gets . 
  portugal was also under the same house as spain for 100yrs and look where they 're now . 
  being under the same european house does not mean they 've become the same unified country ( unless you 're talking about the bourbons ) . 
   and who are you to make shit up ? 
  so what did i exactly make up ? 
  could you please enumerate it ? 
  because i can certainly make up a list of all the bullshit you came with : * _ the last time catalans were independent from other spaniards was when it was prior to the existence of the crown of aragon _ -  false . 
  as seen above . 
  * _ but that 's not what happened _ -  false . 
  as seen below . 
  * _ not only were these placed already part of spain _ -  false . 
  there was not even a spain to begin with . 
  * _ a couple of catalonians were retarded enough _ -  false . 
  defending your culture is hardly retarded . 
  * _ is fucking nothing compared to the treatment of other minority languages in the rest of europe at the time . _ -  perhaps true , needs analysis . 
  irrelevant either way . 
  * _ the worst part is that your language is enjoying unprecedented support from the spanish government _ -  false . 
  it was higher during the few hours in which the iberian federation of republics existed , for a start . 
  a few months ago i thought the astronomic rise of podemos would be the key that would open the discussion of some of my avourite topics , such as e.g. 
  abolition of monarchy , changing spain 's electoral districts and possibly even hondt 's law , federalism , etc. 
  but these days , after certain comments re monarchy made by pablo , i have come to realize that the only way i 'm ever going to see my dream of an iberian federation of republics is by first dismembering the current spain . 
  i 'm sure the basque country begs to differ . 
   okay , i need to stop you about the `` french and castillan armies '' shit . 
  and i need you to stop repeating this nonsense . 
   the last time catalans were independent from other spaniards was when it was prior to the existence of the crown of aragon there is a game by paradox interactive called europa universalis . 
  it 's available dirty cheap in steam . 
  i suggest you pick it up . 
  you might even learn a thing or two about european royal houses !, 
  _ royal union is not political union _ . 
  otherwise , we 'd have to say nonsense such as castille being part of austria and navarre being part of france . 
  hell no . 
  catalonia was an independent country ever before castille was even before born and _ at least _ until 1714 . 
  as independent as navarre was , by the way . 
  the concept of spain was a fucking contraption invented by an idiotic absolutist monarch that wanted to copy the `` successful '' centralist model from france ( which was so successful it only worked during 100y and then was met with a bloody revolution ) . 
  and spain started with a war . 
   is what you 're referring to when you say you were `` invaded and burned '' by castillan and french armies . 
  but that 's not what happened _ spain did not exist _ . 
  in fact , barcelona was sieged by the philip army , and the landmarks of that are still visible almost everywhere . 
  maybe they 're making them intentionally visible in order to bring their point home , you say ? 
  and less than 100yrs later , it was burnt again by the grand arm\u00e9e ( but also the rest of spain , which by then _ did exist _ as a political entity ) . 
  so that 's a bit misleading . 
   a couple of catalonians were retarded enough to try and defeat the entirety of the rest of spain retarded ? 
  assuming they had seen what was happening to valencia and even france , i would hardly call them retarded . 
  and again , _ spain did not exist _ . 
   however , it 's worth pointing out that at this point phillip , the bourbon king of spain , allowed catalonia to retain its language and some of its own laws not laws , but he did allow the street use of the language , despite best advice from his house . 
  catalan had been successfully banned by the bourbons in france as recently as 1700 . 
  but philip did not have the cojones to do that , possibly _ precisely _ because of the guerrilla warfare done by the above `` retarded catalans '' . 
  many ( and not only franco ) future rulers of spain did have those cojones . 
  still , philip used to call the language , among other things , `` repugnant '' . 
  that shows the level we 're talking about here . 
   is fucking nothing compared to the treatment of other minority languages in the rest of europe at the time correct when you compare it to france , incorrect when you compare it with almost every other country in europe . 
  otherwise , you 'd be speaking german today , and the finns would speak swedish . 
  again , complete nonsense . 
  `` you fucking idiot '' . 
  it was the big idea of the bourbons to try to create big , centralized states with absolute monarchies at the center . 
  before their age , absolute monarchies were almost inexistent in europe !, 
  and besides , `` those retarded catalans '' you mention above did precisely try to avoid this situation by selecting a _ different king _ that was nowhere near as absolutist or centralist as philip was . 
  but you call them retarded for that !, 
  so what you 're saying is : `` you 're fucking retarded for trying to defend yourself from a king which tried to ruin your language and culture , and you 're a fucking whiner for complaining about what such king did to your language and culture '' . 
   the worst part is that your language is enjoying unprecedented support from the spanish government it 's not even unprecedented even when you compare it with support by spain itself in other periods ( see my flair ) and much less unprecedented when you compare it to the rest of europe ( e.g. 
  brussels ) . 
  it only looks good when you compare it with certain centralist european countries such as france or italy ( tyrol anyone ? ), 
   i just wish you would n't fucking lie . 
  and who are you to decide what is a lie and what is n't ? 
  world history police ? 
   now i 'm gon na tell you why i oppose catalan secessionist : the rhetoric of catalan nationalism has been consistently victimist , blaming spain , the spanish people , culture and language of every single problem occurring in catalonia . 
  it 's straight forward demonization . 
  wait a second . 
  are you insane ? 
  where are these advertisements blaming the spanish people , culture and language ? 
  please link to them !, 
  i have seen many advertisements blaming the spanish government ( e.g. 
  economics ) . 
  but the only politician that i actually remember blaming the spanish people was , actually , against secession !, 
  ( uni\u00f3 party ) . 
  on the other hand , i can give you many links of pp-paid _ advertisements _ laughing at the catalan language and culture : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8dmvpgowjs . 
  aragon is my birthtown and it saddens me much to see pp resorting to this crap . 
  i 've lived in catalonia for the past 30 + years and no one demonizes the spanish people , language or culture . 
  spain itself , maybe . 
  but i often complain about spain too . 
  it is a joke of a modern state that should have never existed ( see my flair ) . 
   currently , there is a 50 % of catalans who have spanish as a first language . 
  how do you think they 'll be treated under a new state , which has based its very existence in demonizing spain ? 
  probably even better than in spain ? 
  heck , that 's what _ i believe _ , and i 'm an spanish-as-first-language immigrant in catalonia . 
  you might say that 's because of brainwashing ( i actually work in education , in the catalan government , and barely speak catalan , but hey , maybe their brainwashing tech is \u00fcber !, 
  ) , or maybe it 's because the current spanish government sucks that much . 
  whatever your choice , the fact is that i do n't believe for a second it will be any worse in an independent catalonia . 
   spain is not the richest country in the world , but it 's in no way poor and is stable and peaceful .
