  case in point : even the communist part actually voted for that constitution . 
  why ? 
  because the alternative was a civil war and/or the re-outlawing of the communist party itself . 
  yes , that 's our sad history . 
  ask them what they think of this marvelous 1-time-offer constitution today . 
   you can then think of all the outcomes you want to theorize about ... really ? 
  it is you who is trying to interpolate a fact ( `` independence is a no-no '' ) , when you ca n't even be sure of which parties were `` yes '' and which were `` no '' . 
   but sure spain is so oppressive and authoritarian and undemocratic and ... oh , it certainly is undemocratic . 
  not only they blocked the referendum , what all of this amounts is that they now want to block yet another possible way to hold a referendum . 
   in the meantime , anti-corruption investigators were waiting in the wings as not to interfere with elections but were ready to make some arrests . 
  yes , totally . 
  the reports for these corruption cases were filed _ literally _ a decade ago by erc ( by the way , the main independist party ) . 
  i 'm going to totally believe that the reason they waited _ a fucking decade _ to actually act on these reports was to `` avoid interfering with the elections '' , and not because of clear politically motivated reasons . 
  and do n't think for a second i approve of what cdc is doing . 
  i classify cdc voters the same as pp voters -- incompetent fucks who keep putting corrupt people in power . 
  but honestly , what worries me worst is that in this little messed up country there 's no working separation of powers . 
  the judicial system is completely at the will of the executive branch , which by now does n't even try to hide the fact the courts work `` at the speed of the plot '' , i.e. 
  they 're so politicized courts only operate during presidential election years . 
  the executive and legislative branches are so indistinguishable no one moves an eye when a presidential candidate actually suggests _ removing one of the houses _ for `` economic '' reasons . 
  my ass . 
  and we call ourselves a democracy . 
  fuck it . 
  literally most of todays voters did not vote for that constitution . 
  and besides , please remember that the constitution was voted with the dooming threat of civil war over everyone 's heads . 
  in fact , there _ was _ a coup d'\u00e9tat or two . 
  this constitution is less liberal than the constitutions which had been approved hundreds of years ago -- precisely because all of the previous ones ended in violent revolt , if maybe only for misguided reasons . 
  so do n't doubt it for a moment : there 's a big underlying problem in this country that has been here for decades . 
  and the current government prefers to keep it all buried . 
  literally : they are blocking financing for exhumation of mass graves from the previous dictatorship . 
  this country still has too many ties to fascism . 
  catalonia is just the visible tip of the iceberg . 
  i keep telling people -- we 're just better splitting this country apart . 
  i do n't get it why they get so sentimental . 
  no problem , now we will start our own movement to quit the eu _ a la brexit _ so that we can continue torturing animals as we please , not as brussels wishes !, 
  ( note : i hate bullfighting ), 
  well yeah , if you 're dealing with patient data in a starbucks , that is something to consider ;p, 
  technically if you 're sending an email then you should assume only everyone in between can read them , which should only be the mail provider and the isp of both sender and recipient . 
  that should not be a problem for healthcare , to be honest . 
  but . . 
  the sad truth of this day is that both are the ones most likely to actually have an interest in reading your mail ... 
  there are some polls around that confirm their average voter is on this only because of money . 
  and that thus they 'll just push secession enough until they get a `` new economic deal '' , then drop the topic entirely . 
  this sub is nowhere near representative of the real eu . 
   it would n't be the ciu to be content , but the general population given the current poll results , that 's right . 
  it does not change anything of what i 've said . 
   it 's not my fault if the majority of the independentists largely want independence due to economic reasons . 
  i 'm not blaming you . 
   you ca n't change reality just because you do n't want to accept it , nor you can trick others into believing something else . 
  i do n't want to trick anyone into believing anything . 
  so far , i 've only exposed facts . 
   it was basically unheard of outside catalonia and no one outside catalonia my ass . 
  have you even read the wikipedia article i linked ? 
  it would do plenty of good . 
   i still do n't get why admitting it 's all about money sounds so bad . 
  it 's an understandable reason for wanting independence . 
  because for me it would be a lie , plain and simple . 
  and it would open the door to ciu being content with being given especial fiscal privileges ( e.g. 
  see north of spain ) and calling off secession . 
  and that 's something i would really hate . 
   scotland 's movement was n't largely silent before the economic crisis are you implying catalonia 's movement was ? 
  are you happily ignoring the fact that i just told you that there 's been a _ persistent _ 30 % pro-secessionist voters for the most of the past one hundred years ?? 
  catalonia had even [ _ their own equivalent of eta _ ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/terra_lliure ) . 
  it 's just that no one remembers it ( fortunately ... ) , mostly because they targeted infrastructure , not people . 
  but arguing that catalonia 's secessionist movement was `` silent '' before the economic crisis is naive at best . 
   even though you 're trying to make us believe you 're standing for some high moral value i am not trying to make you believe nothing . 
  all i want is to off the head of the current spanish king and be able to tell myself `` i 'm now living in a modern democracy '' that has no historic _ and blood _ attachments to fucking fascism . 
  and i believe this to be one of the most efficient methods to do that . 
   it 's crystal clear for any outsider that the main issue in catalonia is money ...  it 's also my belief that if scotland had a large fiscal surplus towards the rest of uk it would have voted for independence no wonder . 
  but what would that prove ? 
   doesnt matter the hatred they are creating between catalonia and the rest of spain . 
  so we ca n't discuss this because spain is not grown up enough and `` we may create hatred '' ? 
  i 'm sorry , but the more i read this thread the more i believe this joke of a country should be _ disbanded _ immediately , and maybe we can build an actual federation of states out of its ashes . 
   for a country changing its borders and losing , or acquiring , some territories has an effect and it is relevant for its future , regardless of how it is good or bad . 
  it can be done nicely , or it can be done stupidly . 
  only in the second case it can have any bad effects for any of the parties involved . 
   also , you are basically saying that if catalonia had a fiscal deficit towards spain ( like , say , andalucia ) , 30 % of the population would still be pro-independence . 
  let me be extremely doubtful of that . 
  as i said , these people were still pro-secession _ even during pujol 's era _ . 
  a relatively recent period where catalonia was actually amongst the favorite regions of pp ( esp . 
  investments , public works ) simply because ciu had helped aznar become president . 
  this country still works pretty much on favoritism only and it shows . 
  there 's still some people in the world that have values other than `` hoard all the money you can '' . 
  ask scotland for more examples . 
   i do n't understand the nitpicking i do n't understand _ your _ nitpicking . 
  not only because it 's completely unnecessary , but because it 's wrong . 
  the op 's assertion was :  just like half of catalonia does n't want independence and that 's currently _ false _ . 
  at best , you might say `` we do n't know '' . 
  at worst , there 's a large probability the opposite fact is true , but it 's not proven in any way . 
   afaik `` espana ens roba '' has always been the central slogan for the independentist movement . 
  waaaaat ??? 
  the most important secessionist party predates franco , and was born out basically because of the desire to emulate italia 's reunification . 
  the popularly known creator of the `` espa\u00f1a ens roba '' eslogan , ciu , was a _ unionist _ party . 
  and many people ( including me ) still believe it to be a unionist party as of today . 
   about the eu ... think about the relevance it has for the uk or for belgium , to name two . 
  none at all if you do n't share the unfounded preconception that `` secession is bad because of . . reasons !, 
  think of the children !, 
  and another civil war so that the catalans have yet another argument for future secession polls ? 
  maybe we will finally realize there 's something really wrong with this stupid country if the looming warnings of a civil war come back to life every time someone talks about the catalan issue . 
  this is the reason i replied here . 
  you were replying to tirabuixo , who is contesting the claim that `` half of catalonia does n't want independence '' with actual data .
