everyone who ever complains about traffic in paris , has never driven in _ any _ mediterranean city . 
  heck , i just saw one car take over a bus by literally stepping on the incoming traffic lane , saturated to hell . 
  the honking concerto was magn\u00edfic . 
  also the bus driver got out of the bus to pick on the guy . 
  please stop spamming with this . 
  how can you be pro-referendum and at the same time pro-unionist ? 
  and remember that several well-known figures of csqep are actually _ pro-secession _ ( including their primary candidate ) . 
  edit : so you most definitely can not count them as no ( but also not as yes ) . 
  does that mean i was forced to vote for corruptconvergencia or cup `` not-sure-where-we-want-to-be-tomorrow '' in order to be in favor of independence ? 
  well , i did n't get the memo . 
  i though the only parties who were explicitly against independence where pp and cs . 
  psc and csqp are in favor of a referendum ( but obviously , no sane person believes psc on that regard -- they will do the same as pp , just later ) . 
  jxs and cup are in favor of immediate independence . 
   qsqep had its pro-independence mirror in cup , so if people wanted social change and independence they 'd vote cup and not qsqep not really , they are much more to the left than csqep ( and podemos , which these days has moved so much to center it 's dangerously close to the old socialist party ) . 
  and please remember several well-known members of csqep have expressed that they _ are _ in favour of independence , just not in favour of mas running the show . 
  among other things , that is one of the reasons they got my vote ( icv being the other one -- old habits die hard ) . 
   even if the party does n't outright state it . 
  the party officially states they are in favour of a referendum and obviously they 'll respect the result of it . 
  running the numbers , it 's sth like 48 % in favour vs 39 % against , which is not such a great result ( but still a victory for yes ) . 
  like others i wo n't find myself entirely comfortable unless there 's a clear  51 % in favour . 
  on the other hand i bet that if we were to make a two choice referendum next week , it 's quite probable , based on today 's results , that those `` in favour '' would be  51 % . 
  they will respect the outcome of the referendum , and in fact , the current leader of csqep actually voted yes to secession ( as per himself ) in the last ( unofficial ) poll . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20150723/54433575941/lluis-rabell-encabezara-lista-catalunya-si-que-es-pot.html ) ( in spanish ) . 
  heck , cqsp 's # 1 actually said on live television he voted yes to both questions in the illegal/unofficial referendum last year . 
  ciutadans/cs is also quite definitely against . 
  nice work with the table btw . 
  but it 's more like 49 yes - 40 no . 
  if the referendum result is yes , and with these results it really seems like it would be the case , then csqp would have to declare independence ... 
  but in any case , assuming that csqp voters are split 50 % on the issue , then in a referendum right now yes would win with margin to spare . 
  csqp voters would need to be slightly higher than 70 % in favor of no in order for such a referendum to be lost ( with current data ) . 
  i am talking about the general elections too , where it _ hugely _ benefits them . 
  probably even more so than in the autonomic ones . 
  cup is actually a `` direct '' ( in the democracy sense ) party . 
  `` its '' opinion changes at the whim of their assemblies . 
  in fact , that 's the reason i did not vote for them . 
  i see interesting times ahead , and i have no idea what 'll happen . 
   in my opinion , both . 
  a lot of the people in the pro side complained about the electoral law in the general elections . 
  i really doubt this , since it benefited ciu and erc _ a lot _ , if you make the math . 
  ( much to my annoyance . ), 
  clearly , yes won . 
  fortunately , corruptconvergencia did not  for me , however , a 40 % of voters known to be against secession is a number too close for comfort . 
  assuming that all yes supporters voted ` jxs\u00ed + cup ` , and that all of the no supporters voted ` psc+pp+c 's ` , _ a referendum right now would mean independence wins _ . 
  it all depends on what side supporters of ` cats\u00edqueespot ` are , but unofficial polls from csqp supporters indicate this is the most probable result . 
  there may be 10 parties in the spanish parliament ( did n't check ) , but only 2 have any real weight , and they do run with the same program . 
  ( this might change in the upcoming elections but i would n't put my finger on it ) it 's actually similar to the us , where you have 6-8 runners but eventually only 2 will matter . 
  in the case of spain , it 's mostly because of d'hondt 's law and poor electoral district distribution . 
  it significantly benefits the 1-2 most voted parties and penalizes the rest ( except for some very region-specific parties ) . 
   i think this will weaken not only spain , but the entire european union significantly . 
  it 's against the core of eu - european integration . 
  again , catalans had almost the highest level of support for the european constitution ... from the entire eu . 
   against the independence please note that `` not in favor of unilateral independence '' does not mean against the independence . 
  podemos and _ most parties _ ( this excludes ppsoe , cs ) are , in fact , in favor of a proper referendum / `` right to choose '' , as per their programmes . 
  the number of parties that are completely against independence is actually rather small ; in fact the only ones that will have any significant representation are pp , psoe , and cs . 
  i did n't vote corruptconvergencia or cup , and yet i 'm not against independence . 
  which is one of the reasons i 'd prefer a proper referendum myself . 
  do we need a daily story about this ? 
  makes it hard to follow all the discussions . 
  well , you are on your own there . 
  it certainly made its decisions about foreign policy , and it was an independent actor . 
  please remember that by the time , it was not uncommon for the corts/parlaments to actually _ decide _ for a successor and/or _ refuse _ to recognize it ( absolute monarchies , obviously , changed all of that ) . 
  kings who pushed the envelope of royal power `` past the line '' of tradition usually were warned by the cortes with the threat of rebellion , and in fact , that 's what happened several times ( some of them famously unsuccessful ) . 
  this seems to be unpopular around , but that 's something you learn while playing europa universalis . 
  in fact , you can even have two different countries _ within the same crown _ all declaring war to each other . 
  obviously , that 's something that does n't help with future aspirations of that royal house . 
   by definition it was not independent . 
  so , by your definition , there was a point in time when the holy roman empire , castille , catalonia , valencia , aragon , mayorca , navarra , napoles , sicily , burgundy , corsica , tyrol , ... ( apologies , i do n't know the entire list by heart ) were not independent . 
  _ all of them . _ ok , i will acknowledge that is a coherent definition of independence all right . 
  just a useless one because of its superficiality . 
  because catalonia , castille and the holy roman empire had virtually no infrastructure or legislation in common other than a shared king . 
  so do n't mind if i do n't give it much weight when discussing the merits of whether catalonia and castille were different entities before 1700 . 
   like , this is what i mean . 
  you 're confusing `` independent '' with `` autonomous '' . 
  autonomy means having some degree of freedom from external authorities . 
  independence means self government and sovereignty . 
  ok , so our definitions are similar . 
  therefore independent implies autonomous . 
  my point is : you can not argue that catalonia and castille were not independent simply because they were sharing the same king . 
  it 's not a binary thing either way because i 'd probably concede that catalonia and aragon , which also shared a king , were not independent . 
  the difference , as i see it , is in the amount of shared infrastructure and legislation , as well as cultural influence . 
  and it 's a game by a non-catalan publisher . 
  maybe it 's also designed to brainwash the catalan masses ? 
  i will leave the discussion on whether you can call videogames `` educative '' or not for another day . 
  myself , i find the quality of the historical research done by the developers to be much higher than the level of the discussion here . 
   by the logic presented every province of france was independent until the revolution , and quite a bit of it was independent until napoleon until ` l'etat , c'est moi ' , i guess you mean . 
  until him , there were _ plenty _ of independent and autonomous kingdoms in the area currently known as france . 
  after him , centralization started ( e.g. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pontcallec_conspiracy ) so , wrong . 
   hell , by your logic every us state is currently independent they were independent until the union , and in fact , it could be argued that they were still autonomous for a while after that , since the trend has been to centralize . 
  the secession war proves that by that time they were hardly independent . 
  castilla and catalonia in 1500 _ were _ independent ( they were in different states recognized by almost _ anyone _ you asked ) and autonomous ( no single common law between them ! ) . 
   you do not get the difference in definition between `` autonomous '' and `` independent '' . 
  and maybe your royal highness would care to elaborate ? 
   doing is a noble endeavor , but that does not prevent it from being a strategically bad choice thanks for acknowledging my point . 
   let this statement stand forever as a shrine to stupid statements . 
  ah , a great way to move the discussion forward . 
  it always surprises me how these people seem to believe they understand the situation in the iberian peninsula . 
  the last time we tried to bring an outsider monarch to try to settle the issues , he ( the monarch ) basically ran away , declaring all the residents in the iberian peninsula as `` lunatics '' . 
  and yet , the lunatics still insist in trying to keep a false single centralized state united , despite the fact that it never worked except by the use of force . 
   no , of course it was not one state at this point .
