  if you did n't , then _ they are not there _ in any statistically significant way . 
  when you get to prove your case via a controlled experiment . 
   study that made such claims was debunked a while ago i really doubt it , cause `` electric cars still generate pm '' is a fact . 
  the debatable argument is `` how much when compared to combustion '' , and even the exceedingly optimistic studies show only around 10x times less . 
  i dare you find one which suggests less than that . 
  a 10x reduction would be noticeable , but not for long . 
   besides , there is much more to win in optimizing vehicles that run arround the most . 
  comercial vehicles make far more distance and are numerous enough as to start there . 
  paco going back and forth from home to work does polute , but it does polute much more when he 's driving arround dropping stuff each few blocks 8 hours a day than in the 20 minuts he spends going back and forth from home , and , for as much advanced drones we are using nowadays , i doubt they are reading the stickers from the sides of the vans to tell if they are private or comercial vehicles . 
  even if he were to drive 100 times less time as your average commercial vehicle ( i.e. 
  20 minutes/day -  33h/day , an impossible exaggeration ) there are still ( way ) more than 100 private vehicles per commercial at the road in barcelona on any time . 
  this is the magnitude of the problem at hand . 
  concentrating in improving the commercial fleet is completely futile by any sense of the word . 
  and electric cars also generate pollution . 
  not co2 , but they do generate fine particles via wheel contact with the road . 
   while barcelona is a big city and therefore there is plenty of cars , i 'm willing to bet that , while significant , the polution that come from private car usage does n't hold a candle to the polution generated by the port you 'd lose the bet . 
  cars are widely known to be the number # 1 source and with a lot of difference . 
  just google around . 
  in most pollution maps of accurate enough resolution ( drone based ) you can even distinguish the layout of the traffic grid . 
  you might argue that the `` issue '' here is that the pollution from the port quickly floats away through the sea side , and i 'd concede that as plausible . 
  but there is is just too little maritime traffic when compared to road traffic for me to believe that the port generates more pollution than private cars . 
   specially those from junk scavengers that are constantly circling arround for valuables on/next to the containers or vehicles from construction companies and those run in such a large numbers that they actually register in pollution meters ? 
  this is much like the `` but what about the buses ? '', 
  argument . 
  there would need to be at least 1 bus for every 100 cars in orders for buses to actually have a noticeable impact in pollution . 
  the actual ratio is much lower . 
  the problem is , basically , that there are too many cars . 
  and replacing cars with newer cars will not help because even electric cars still generate pm ( e.g. 
  brakes , wheels , etc. 
   my point stands : by and large hollande has been able to implement his policies because he had a socialist parliament no , it does n't !, 
  he had a parliament that was in majority against that policy . 
  which is the reason he had to 49.3 it . 
  why would he 49.3 if he had a `` socialist parliament he could coerce '' ? . 
  he could survive a vote of confidence because that 's much easier to do than getting unpopular laws approved ( even the thresholds are different !, 
  -- strict majority ) . 
  ( and this is also by `` design '' -- otherwise you get weimar germany ) . 
   le pen wo n't have any of those . 
  i do n't understand why would le pen not have a government/executive picked by herself . 
  could you elaborate ? 
   maintain diplomatic relations with religious despots in saudi arabia - bad . 
    do n't maintain diplomatic relations with religious despots in iran - bad . 
  may it appear confusing and strange to you because you look at the wrong reasons , perhaps ? 
  like the problem is not religious despots ( otherwise one would have to reexmine their relations with e.g. 
  the us ) , but rather the amount of rampant state-approved murder both in and outside the borders of these countries ? 
  i mean , palestinians do plenty of stupid things , and so do israelians . 
  not all refugees are bad . 
   he had a majority . 
  the government was his . 
  a vote would not have approved it , precisely because :  sure , sometimes his policies were so wildly unpopular and un socialist that he had to use the 49.3  but do n't forget that it 's a double edged sword : with it comes a vote of confidence . 
  do you think that a parliament not under his control would n't have voted against the confidence ? 
  oh , but surviving votes of confidence is much easier than getting laws approved ... 
   hollande had the backing of parliament why do you say this ? 
  he did not have the backing of parliament . 
  it 's the reason he had to impose it via decree . 
  it 's the reason he would not submit it to a vote . 
  at most , he had the backing of a strict minority of parliament ... 
  imagine what could le pen do with this . 
  a year long state of emergency and consequent suspension of rights _ is _ a threat to democracy , no matter how one sells it . 
  sure , sure , that worked quite well for the labour law , did it ? 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-politics-protests-iduskcn0zl0tm the truth is that , in the majority of western democracies , separation of powers is non-existant . 
  _ all _ systems that i can think of right now contain provisions for the executive branch to completely override the legislative branch , like the above one . 
  or worse . 
  and if the more underhanded ways were n't enough , france is in a state of emergency ... 
   i hate to remind you that you said that catalonia joined spain seriously , if the word catalonia gives you the scare feel free to replace it with murcia . 
   how could i know if there is no written treaty to argue about ? 
  does picardo say , we would agree on those terms but we want the right to go back to the current situation , take it or leave it no , there is no negotiation and afaik the spanish offer is n't that detailed . 
  then why do you already compare it to the eu ? 
  there 's absolutely _ zero _ evidence that this would be anything other than an annexation , and plenty of evidence to doubt the definition of `` autonomy '' from the current government . 
  but no problem , let 's just wave another few esteladas around in order to keep the populace lulled ... 
   yeah , you won , i 'm doing this . 
  not precisely because of my brilliance , since i kept trying to repeat there is _ absolutely nothing to discuss _ with catalonia . 
  the question is , do you see _ any hint _ of any provision that would even suggest that the situation with gibraltar would be any different ? 
  there is _ absolutely nothing _ to discuss about catalonia here because we do not disagree on anything . 
  or is it that you are arguing that catalonia has a right to secede ? 
  can you turn your brain on for a second before reading catalonia and going into shitstorm mode ? 
  see e.g. 
  ah yes , the usual `` pointing out the obvious is obviously trolling '' phenomena . 
  i hate `` spain '' quite a lot ( i have said it numerous times i think it would be better for everyone if the country just disbanded ) and i think anyone who ever volunteered to be ruled under the current spanish government would definitely qualify for insanity ... 
  yet it is a fact that gibraltar is currently a tax haven . 
  and they have it next door . 
  anyone forgot about mossack fonseca ? 
  it was less than a year ago ... 
  you do n't cede any sovereignty when joining the eu , as proven by brexit . 
  there is an explicit provision to leave in the treaties . 
  you do cede sovereignty when joining spain , as proven by catalonia . 
  there is absolutely no provision to leave in the constitution . 
  i think the difference should be strikingly clear . 
  for a start , she does not seem to be against the state of emergency . 
  for sure not : spain 's popular party ( pp ) is much worse . 
  they have hundreds of corruptions cases , there are almost daily news of trials of their high ranking members , and it is hinted that they used the construction of their headquarters building to launder money . 
  heck , when you google for the equivalent of `` corruption cases pp '' in google.es , it helpfully shows a _ fucking table _ of the most frequent ones . 
  i am not kidding : https://www.google.es/?gws_rd=ssl#q=casos+de+corrupci%c3%b3n+pp this did n't prevent pp from winning the elections ... 
  hey , i was there yesterday  -- what a coincidence . 
  the water flow seems to be closed because of some renovations , so the picture was not as nice as that one . 
  still , worth a visit !, 
  because they all look the same in the plots ? 
  because it is extremely misleading to try to extrapolate information from _ minute _ differences when the numbers just a few thousand kilometers away are orders of magnitude worse ? 
  because ( and this is not the case ) even if it was the worst in any one magnitude of the nordic countries it would still be miles high from what i see here ( ie still great by any measure ) ? 
  etc , etc. 
   but strangely the spanish and italian ones , who where as illiterate workers had magically fully integrated offspring that flourished in higher education .
