   they were the first to automate webcrawling to another level the first ? 
  my ass . 
  even webcrawler was doing full text search long before them . 
   but yes , all their categories and index markers were done by hand _ i was there _ . 
  the reason many companies did they categories is because the ones that were done automatically were a spam-ridden disgrace . 
  so , hand-made web directories were preferred . 
  by the way , google did their categories _ by hand _ , too . 
  do you remember google directory , which was based on dmoz ? 
   google still lead this to this day . 
  they innovated by using more than the general site name or meta description and keywords tags . 
  my ass . 
  even webcrawler was doing full text search long before them . 
   pagerank ah yes , the usual stuff that gets thrown around to show how google `` innovates '' . 
  just look at what its patent references to see where it actually comes from ( not even the us , by the way ) . 
   this was where google killed altavista ( also speed ) . 
  google killed altavista primarily by network effect ( `` it 's what all my friends are using '' ) , which they were capable of because there was true competition back then ( the `` most used search engine '' changed several times during the decade ) . 
   no , they managed to catch up to altavista capacity in feb of 01 . 
  with nothing but consumer based hardware . 
  hard disk drive capacity ? 
  o.o i assume you mean the `` we have xxx pages indexed '' wars of the early 2000s . 
  i do n't remember google having any clear advantage over the competition back then ( e.g. 
  lycos surpassed them several times ) . 
   the comment i replied to was about destroying google . 
  which european search engine is even a real competitor to google then ? 
  _ why . 
  you . 
  keep . 
  trying . 
  put . 
  a. european . 
  protectionism . 
  spin . 
  this _ ??? 
  i do n't care if the next best search engine is american or chinese , for fuck 's sake !!!, 
   so google not only had to solve problems from scratch the next guy does n't have to solve ( since they can see how bigtable works in essence why would they want to use bigtable ???? 
   but also if you were to start buying hardware today , to build up to google 's capacity , it will be cheaper than it was for google in the meantime , google can use its humongous cash reserves to build an entire chip manufacturer and get masks done for pennies . 
  seriously , this does not work like this . 
  newcomers have it _ more expensive _ . 
  how could you even think that hardware is cheaper for me than for google ???? 
  moore 's law works for _ everyone _ ( and also works against everyone ) . 
   but maybe you grab better data , or find a smarter way to get people to trade data for products which is impossible single google _ also _ controls all the ways you could possibly use to capture the data , such as e.g. 
  smartphones , and they 're putting their foot on any emerging areas that could possible capture even more data , e.g. 
  brillo . 
  which even if it turns out to be a failure , as it looks like right now , they 'll just integrate it with android et voil\u00e0 !, 
   good at what ? 
  they 're not good at _ anything _ . 
   firstly automated indexing as if , altavista and all the others that existed before google were doing the index by hand ...  then they custom made lots of cheap little computers into a major networked monolith `` then '' is almost a decade later . 
   european companies could figure european companies are just fine , thank you . 
   i was n't [ giving this a protectionist spin ] . 
  ... . see above . 
   later starters actually have benefits google did not have , because they get more efficient hardware for cheaper . 
  later starters have many benefits , but `` cheaper hardware '' is not one of them . 
   so you would still need to compete with search in general to usurp google . 
  and you still do n't get it : you want to compete in shopping indexes ? 
  you need to compete with google in search , mail , video hosting , etcetera . 
  you want to compete in business analytics ? 
  you need to compete with google in search , mail , video , etc. 
  you want to compete in video hosting ? 
  maps ? 
  mobile ? 
  etc , etc. 
  and google is not really good in either of these , but that does n't matter , because you still need to do all of them . 
   the best search product on earth with the largest storage capacity of any organisation on the planet . 
  and thus the self-fulfilling prophecy that prevents competition from showing up . 
   they dominate because americans know how to compete , if only we could emulate them . 
  seriously , _ stop _ trying to give this a protectionist spin . 
  the ec fines european companies the most by a few orders of magnitude . 
  insert jokes here about erdogan/the seculars being an `` act of god '' . 
  if only that was the worst thing they 're doing with the `` it will prevent terrorism '' excuse . 
  and you just did exactly the same , probably without realizing . 
  see my reply below . 
  telefonica was split into various companies in the early 90s , including _ telefonica moviles _ ( _ moviline _ for analog mobile , _ movistar _ for digital mobile -- yes , back then , analog and gsm were competing with each other ) , _ teleline _ for internet access , _ via digital _ for tv/media , etc. 
  the split was not a result of a court decision , but rather it was a precondition before allowing access to the gsm frequencies auctions . 
  because of a 1987 european directive ( nicknamed `` the green book '' , no idea why ) , the government was afraid of allowing cnte too much power in the mobile phone market that was starting to become mainstream . 
  soon after the split , airtel was born -- the second mobile operator in spain . 
  in my opinion , that 's the single best example of how effective the split was . 
  ( in 2001 , airtel was bought by vodafone ) sadly , in the 2000s , and after a well-known change in the colors of the executive , the cmt started to allow telefonica to grow back to its monster size by ingesting the split companies . 
  by the recent leaks , it looks that most probably they wanted comfortable chairs to fall through once their political careers were over . 
  thus , teleline became terra , which then became telefonica again in ~ 2005ish iirc . 
  moviline and movistar fusioned , and then merged with the the landline company ( tde ) in 2006 and with satelite/cable provider canal + in 2015 to become the `` movistar '' you know in your current `` single bill '' . 
  ironically , they bought one of the fragments of old ma bell during this craze . 
   correct me if you must but that means a given consumer now has 3 bills ( landline , mobile , internet ) but that does n't give him ( more ) choice , that does n't create competition . 
  in the previous situation , competition was _ outright impossible _ unless you did all 3 things . 
  this gave freeway to mobile-only or internet-only companies to appear , which require much less infrastructure , and they did appear . 
  raising prices is actually one of the few things that is not defined as an abuse of monopoly . 
  it 's proof of a monopoly situation , though . 
   the american way of dealing with monopolies what , why ? 
  it 's been done in europe several times . .  the only effect is to bypass federal anti-monopoly laws but leaves the customer with a single option whatever he wants . 
  you are thinking ~ ~ at&t ~ ~ _ ma bell _ , which was split kind of horizontally , and as such that happened , but that 's hardly the only way to split a company . 
  for example , telefonica ( spain ) was split into separate internet , mobile , landline , etc. 
  companies . 
  he did n't get any foreign funding , he did n't attend any church , he was n't really connected to any well-known preachers ... ah , and he was fired recently . 
  maybe be should `` regulate '' that . 
   i 'm to bland . 
  and i do n't think we 're going to turn into a police state anytime soon . 
  it 's the privilege of being in the majority , we wo n't be uniquely targeted , we 're too many . 
  oh good god , yet another variation on the `` i 've nothing to hide '' argument . 
   we 're moving more and more into a global economy with powerhouses like china and india growing rapidly wait , are you comparing france with china and india ? 
  why is this subreddit more insane every day ? 
   i 'm just really not sure how you can make the determination ( either way ) of google 's net effect .
