  the thing is that it just proves that _ spain is a centralist country _ . 
  when you have scarce resources , do you try to build lines between alongside the most common routes , or do you just ignore that and build a radial network over an artificial center ? 
  each has its advantages and disadvantages , but my point is , again , that spain chose the centralist option . 
  and , incidentally to the above argument , and , in my humble opinion , the radial option leads to a useless network that , effectively gives `` high speed train '' to many regions , but mostly only to tick the boxes ; these radial lines will always underperform , as a high-speed rail line where _ the only hub _ is more than 500km away will most definitely _ not _ be competitive with a much slower regional train when you want to go only 300km across . 
   catalonia votes differently mostly due to the independence movement erm , no . 
  the two most voted parties in catalonia are left-wing , and only the second of them is ( erc ) has an active stance in the pro-secessionist movement ( as many people here like to constantly remind everyone , podemos/csqp has n't really made their stance on secessionism clear ) . 
  to find a right-wing ( or , in this case , _ corrupt-wing _ ) party you need to go down to the 3rd position . 
  compare with spain : the most voted party is right-wing , with a big margin over the second party , which is , at best , centre . 
  ( or at least , much more to the right than podemos likes to pretend it is ) . 
  i thought that after the results of any recent general elections it would be pretty much clear that , for better or for worse , catalonia just votes different ( tm ) than the rest of spain , and is in fact one of the primary reasons the spanish parliament is currently locked ( pp+c would have an absolute majority without it , and there 'd be no referendum issue to divide parties on ) http://larendija.es/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/elecciones-generales-2015-mapa1.jpg the entirely of the political diversity of spain seems to be mostly concentrated in catalonia and basque country, 
   although i ca n't recall right now what it was you might actually want to read the rest of my message for that :  one might argue that in germany , berlin is unimportant because of the economic slowdown the wall caused . 
  however , the fact still stands that the net result is an actual decentralized country . 
  the situation in spain is similarly ideal for a very federal country ( it encompass multiple kingdoms with many cities that were historical power centers that still keep high population ; in comparison , the current capital is a more recent invention ) ; despite that , the spanish policy has been one of centralization . 
  * sigh * . 
  why do i even bother . 
  `` my party is more corrupt than yours !, 
  '' - level of discussion . 
  _ as i literally said _ , i agree the ruling party used secessionism to try to stay in parliament . 
  my point is that , despite that , corruptg\u00e8ncia has paid a significant prize . 
  it 's divided several times , has almost disappeared from federal parliament , and things are not looking pretty for them in the next catalan election . 
  even if they repeat the jxs magic trick , erc will have more seats . 
  voters are skipping them and outright moving to the actual secessionist parties . 
   not like all other spaniards that ca n't see past their nose . 
  your words , not mine . 
  in fact , it 's been hard for me to find someone who ever said something offensive to me in barcelona ( i 'm an immigrant , after all ) . 
  this is despite the fact that i 've heard stories , so i 'm sure they exist . 
  however , it 's easy enough for me to find someone who will mock me because i moved to catalonia . 
  i just need to visit my hometown . 
  my own ( 2nd and 3rd degree ) relatives are staunch defenders of `` the boicot '' towards everything they believe is catalan . 
  they seemingly psychologically ` interiorize ' the fact many of us from our town have moved to barcelona in the same they 'd justify a starving family stealing food . 
  as if , we 're expected to milk as much money as we can from them riches and then come back home to continue with `` the boicot '' . 
  * whenever i tried to mention that i have catalan friends/coworkers , and they look human enough , they 'd throw the `` brainwashing '' argument and the `` they did n't have a chance to backstab you yet '' argument . 
  it was very eerie . 
  they have long realized my opinions on this topic , so now i 'm ` that traitor ' , and they avoid the topic when i 'm around . 
  i have to admit i tend to `` troll '' a bit in this subreddit because here i read mostly the _ same _ fallacious arguments i hear in my family reunions - which kind of proves they probably learn them on tv or press . 
  however , within a family reunion it 's hard for me to find the courage or the data to counterargument , so i just train here  \\* i always ponder if that 's how me arabs feel when they immigrate to one of the western countries their local government has constantly demonized . 
  i agree the ruling party used secessionism to try to stay in parliament , but notice catalans realized that long ago : support for corruptg\u00e8ncia has decreased to a ridiculous level , as seen in the recent general election , where corruptg\u00e8ncia went from ` most voted party in catalonia ' to ` losing its parliamentary group ' . 
  compare with spain , where we have n't yet been able to rid ourselves of pp . 
  does no one remember pp were good friends with corruptg\u00e8ncia ? 
  does no one realize pp is trying to stir the flames of hate to try to keep themselves in power as `` saviors of national unity '' ? 
  i am sorry , but that 's not true . 
  spain is actually somewhat federalized , indeed . 
  you 'll note that , despite that , the word `` federalism '' still causes panic when someone mentions it in parliament . 
  however , spain is heavily _ centralized _ in madrid . 
  look at germany , were they also have a federation , and you 'll see berlin is capital only by name -- it does n't host the majority of federal administrations ; it 's not at the center of all the roads & railways ; it does n't even have the largest airports . 
  here , there were revolts the last time psoe tried to move a single federal administration ( cmt , the spanish equivalent to the us 's fcc ) from madrid to barcelona . 
  in fact , pp undid it the moment they won the elections . 
  even after the building itself had already been built in barcelona ( and thus the money `` wasted '' ) . 
  valencia is woefully disconnected from the railway system , and its seaport receives almost nothing from the federal budget despite the fact it is one of the most important ones in the mediterrean . 
  when the barcelona airport surpassed the madrid one in passengers , the federal government answered that by announcing more public works in the madrid one . 
  it seems that the federal government considers inconceivable that anything but the madrid airport could be the most important in spain . 
  compare with the gdr , where the berlin airport ( s ) are very low in passengers ( 4th ? 
  and no one bats an eye . 
  one might argue that in germany , berlin is unimportant because of the economic slowdown the wall caused . 
  however , the fact still stands that the net result is an actual decentralized country . 
  the situation in spain is similarly ideal for a very federal country ( it encompass multiple kingdoms with many cities that were historical power centers that still keep high population ; in comparison , the current capital is a more recent invention ) ; despite that , the spanish policy has been one of centralization . 
  even the french highspeed railways system looks more distributed than the spanish system . 
  french system is focused on paris and lyon , while the spanish one outright ignores the second and third most populous cities -- a route even the eu recognizes as important . 
  this despite the fact the french are well-known to be heavily centralized ( `` paris et ses arrondisments '' ) . 
  and i 've not even started comparing with quebec , or even the us ... 
  but this is no surprise : cis polls , in fact , show that , save for the well-known secessionist regions , the rest of spain is actually ok with more centralization . 
  you can imagine how easy it is to govern a country when you have regions that want more autonomy alongside regions that want less autonomy . 
  thus my belief that this country would be much better served if we actually let those regions secede . 
   but i would argue that being inside the eu puts us at the mercy of other eu member states . 
  is n't brexit pretty much a big counterexample ? 
   his is especially the case after the libson treaty and the introduction of qualified majority voting , a situation which can result in us being outvoted and powerless to resist impositions on us . 
  and you have perfectly described what catalan/scottish secessionists feel . 
  and , unlike scotts & brits , catalans seemingly do n't have a right to `` exit '' . 
   staying in the eu means that other eu member states would have much more power over us than either the us or china could ever hope to have . 
  if the eu was a proper democratic body , this would n't be necessarily true . 
  your power over us/china would be much larger inside the eu than outside . 
  this one of few anti-secessionist arguments that i pay some attention to . 
  obviously , it all depends on how much your opinions are heard/align with those of the eu ... ( which is , by the way , why i always found brexit surprising . 
  it 's hard for me to find any area where uk policies disagree with eu 's ) . 
   so catalans are different than the rest of spaniards ? 
  i do n't think that a discussion about the merits of secession should go through the `` but are they a separate ethnic group ? '', 
  route , but in any case catalans are different than the rest of spaniards : they call themselves catalans ( perhaps in addition to spaniard , or not ) . 
   following that thinking , there is no such thing as `` spanish '' or `` spaniard '' right ? 
  i believe there 's many people who finds itself a `` spaniard '' . 
  yes ; i am . 
  1 week is a short time to get a proper impression . 
  i just got to hear a random bar conversation that got me really scared , but that 's just an anecdote . 
  ( i was in comillas last year for holiday , by the way , and nothing remarkable happened ) . 
  however , i 'm not exaggerating about the situation in my hometown , where i 'm acquitted with most of the residents . 
  ok , it 's sunday night . 
  i can answer most of your comments with the question `` so ? '' . 
  how are any of those an argument pro/against secession ? 
  * _ catalan media are really politicised and usually non secessionists stay hidden . _ well , thank god we have a majority of `` non-policitised '' spanish media here in catalonia . 
  so what ? 
  * _ out of the 48 territories in catalonia only 1 pays more than it recieves from the state _ . 
  does that invalidate the argument applied to the entirety of catalonia ? 
  * _ our small government is what is putting the tax burden on us largely to fund their secessionist propaganda _ . 
  source ? 
  are you literally arguing `` secessionist propaganda '' is the largest expense in the catalonioan government budget ? 
  * _ thanks to the secession movement international investment in catalonia has been decreasing heavily _ . 
  source ? 
  and how are you going to correlate it with the secessionist movement ? 
  and even if you could ... so what ? 
  * _ most corruption cases are caught by the central authorities _ bullshit . 
  give me a single example .
