  spain is very centralist , and comparing with france is not exactly helping . 
  even france 's infrastructures look more decentralized than spain 's ( eg lyon ) . 
  there 's a reason no one dares ( nor dared 40 years ago ) to call it a federation . 
  they would have had to call catalonia a ' state ' and the mere thought of that would have caused another civil war . 
  so we ended up with the entire `` autonomies '' theater . 
  the basque country _ already _ has a special status . 
   your `` trade area '' 's infrastructure was , among other things , well funded by the hinterland , with the purpose of becoming the country 's economic motor . 
  that is , precisely , what has happened _ in _ madrid with the money from everywhere else in spain ( including catalonia ) . 
  it is madrid who was a complete disaster 50 years ago and was force-fed money until it became the country 's economic motor , while much of the rest of the country ( including catalonia , again , but also my hometown in teruel ) slowly degrades . 
  obviously , they 'll call it `` rural depopulation '' or bullshit like that , and also be quick to blame federalism and devolution as the main reasons for this , and therefore try to convince the general population that devolution is the evil and that it costs money that could be used in hospitals ... people will keep voting for even more centralism , sending even more money towards madrid ... and the cycle continues . 
  who cares . 
  with politics as they are , it may very well that _ remaining within spain _ may be the quickest way outside the eu . 
  or just any option you take , as the eu finally disintegrates after years and years of populist idiots blaming the eu for their _ own _ problems ... ( see brexit , le pen , or . . catalan independists , who blame spain for way too many of their own problems ) . 
  whatever your opinion on the secession topic is , the `` eu argument '' is totally weightless . 
   no notion of nationalism did n't exist 500 years ago ? 
  specially not a `` spanish '' one . 
  google for `` muera la naci\u00f3n '' ( which happened 200 yr ago ) . 
   no , terrorism is a politically signifiant problem because it 's a direct attack to a country , its culture and people , again it 's not just a death count so if it 's not a death count , then it 's what ? 
  cause a perpetual-looking etat d'urgence is much more of a `` direct attack to a country and its people '' , and specially the basic rights of its citizens . 
   it 's a real problem , not something the `` populace '' likes to imagine for fun . 
  of course it is a problem . 
  a problem that we 've almost fixed this decade . 
  not something to declare an etat d'urgence for , unless you want to declare an etat d'urgence _ at least _ over deadly periodical pollution crisis too ( or many other issues ) . 
   no reason to mix the issues of ecology and terrorism yet you persist . 
  if you do n't like this example for any specific reason , just go to the 100 most recent deaths in your country . 
  _ ensure _ your political opinions and actions are guided by the damn _ facts _ , instead of ` attacks ' to imagined entities like `` a country and its culture '' . 
  what the fuck are those ? 
   one does n't stop the other from being problematic correct , but it would be completely inconsequential to let the lesser problem be the guiding hand of your political opinions . 
   terrorism is an exceptional situation because it is an unusual threat to public order for its gravity , political goals and so forth . 
   using only the criteria of the number of victims would be underestimating the effect terrorism can have on a society . 
  well yes , precisely because people tend to overestimate the effect of terrorism , we end with the most draconian set of laws for what is one of the least significant problems ... so , basically , terrorism is a politically significant problem _ because _ it is a politically significant problem . 
  i mean , which one of the following would be easier to fly through the general populace these days : a ) ban cars in city centers because the polution they cause kills hundreds and shortens lifespan of everyone living there b ) ban cars in city centers because crashes involuntary kill tens of people every day . 
  c ) ban cars in city centers because once every leap year someone of an specific religion voluntarily decides to drive one through a crowd, 
  _ this _ is how `` the western democracies '' die . 
  why is it an `` exceptional '' situation ? 
  i 'd consider the pic de pollution in many of its cities a much more exceptional situation , which _ even in the short term _ it is going to kill many more people than all the terrorism of the last past two years ... 
  well , yes , that is exactly what eta did . 
  google for hypercor bombing ... 
  or rather , europe continues on its progress to almost entirely erradicate terrorism before the end of the century , as we enter into one of the periods with least terrorist activity ever . 
  heck , they allowed me inside of cockpits back when i was a kid ( almost on every flight ) , and my arsenal of ` toys ' back then would put a simple pocket knife to shame ... then again , it was only rich guys flying ... 
  that is literally the only good thing in this entire story so far . 
  `` common thought '' seems to be completely unconnected to facts , specially as of lately ... 
  i lost the count months ago of the number of times i 've heard politicians/press say `` let 's do a as in country x '' when in truth country x does not a. 
  if `` catalans are those who live and work at catalonia '' , then yes . 
  my point is that if they do n't get out of the uk in less than two years , then they will be _ for sure _ out of the eu ... so what 's the point in saying , today , that if they get out of the uk they 'll be forced out of the eu too ? 
  whatever they do now , secession or not , they 'll be already forced to go through the eu accession procedure . 
  so in my opinion this scare tactic is now completely outdated ... yet they still use it . 
  my tgv was delayed almost for 3 hours and i was subjected to a full body pat down . 
  it was not because i had a spanish passport -- they were doing the same to french nationals . 
  this was in september . 
  same thing on dec 10th . 
  and 3h is not precisely the worst delay : https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1480815/travellers-warned-of-four-hour-delays-at-dover-as-french-authorities-step-up-security-checks/ ( sorry for the lack of a more english credible source ; feel free to google in french ) . 
  also the queues at some of the regional airports are becoming ... wait for it ... legendary . . https://foursquare.com/v/contr%c3%b4le-des-passeports/500025ebe4b0008e4ffdd940 the schengen infrastructure ( e.g. 
  the automatic passport control booths ) are literally slowly rotting away . 
  i happen to travel around 2-3 per month from spain to france and belgium ... so my total time wasted per year is starting to climb to the days . . ( $ $ $ ) . 
  if this were true , this just is another example of how useless `` borders '' are , since france is on state of emergency and border controls are currently as strict as humanly possible , as anyone who frequently travels to it will be able to attest . 
  it 's becoming harder and harder to find even single _ correct _ facts written in posts around here any more ... 
  but i do n't blame the redditors , since articles themselves are getting bullshitter and bullshitter every day ... ( like this one ) . 
   if they do this spain will always block their entry into the eu because otherwise it would embolden catalonia separatists to do the same . 
  i have to ponder why do they still use the `` but you 'll be forced to leave the eu '' argument as a scare tactic ... 
  your theory is also easily disproved if you look at more granular maps . 
  the catalan education is just woefully underfunded , and this can not be emphasized enough . 
  and i really doubt this is because of lack of federal funding . 
  imho , this is the result of years of corruptg\u00e8ncia at work . 
  ( source : i currently work at the catalan administration , having moved from an aragonese school ) . 
  and who says he is religious , rather than just playing religious people ? 
  ( same as what i think of trump ... ), 
   you can embrace b partially without start blaming a group . 
  enforcing outer borders and ending the open border policy we currently have is all it would take . 
  first , we do n't really have an ` open border policy ' . 
  i do n't understand where people assume that but it 's still a pain in the ass to move to the eu . 
  i _ wish _ we had an open border policy , but sadly it seems like the world is not ready . 
  second , restricting refugee flow `` because otherwise a happens '' precisely means blaming them for our problems . 
  an additional problem is that we end up with a lot more deaths than any of the other options . 
  personally , i think that all the other subreddits in non-english european languages have a much better mood , including e.g. 
  the german or french ones . 
  both / r/europe and / r/worldnews have degraded quite a lot in the past years . 
  i suppose the the language barrier is still significant to the automated trolls that plague most english subreddits . 
   you 're just doubling down on what we have been doing for the past 10-15 years . 
  mainstream politicians have acted exactly like you want them to and look at what is happening . 
  brexit , rise of the far right in europe etc. 
  but ironically , the alternatives that you are presenting are : a ) either keep the current stances and see europe completely destroyed by brexit , the far-right , etc. 
  b ) embrace ( even if only partially ) the positions of the far right and start blaming a group that , as seen in a , is not actually the one responsible for the fall of europe ( at least directly ) . 
  c ) go full and fully embrace one of the groups that will eventually end europe . 
  so pardon me while at least i try to entertain the only morally-sensible option , the only one in which my role in destroying europe while be indirect rather than direct . 
  source ? 
  i would not believe for a second that most spanish emigration goes anywhere other than south america . 
  i do n't think dutch morocans have killed anyone in the name of their god , either . 
   a large chunk of muslims and africans do not hold these values . 
  and therefore ... what exactly ? 
  a large chunk of all humans on earth are batshit insane . 
   i am not against immigration , but it has to be legal and strictly controlled . 
  ... as if anyone was in favor of illegal immigration ? 
   nice theory not theory . 
  definition . 
   also , the whole point of elections is to elect winners , what 's the point of finding out who got second last , or last since there 's only one leader last time i check ? 
  a system that _ distorts _ the will of the people will also incorrectly determine who `` wins '' . 
  validating the result of an election with only 20 % turnover , or trump winning despite hillary having more votes . 
  democracy does not really mean rule of the majority , to be honest . 
  the goal is to represent as good as possible the will of the people .
