  i d n't think your assumption is true . 
  many people , including me , still think that precisely markets are one of the effective-est tools to maximize public utility , which is , in plain terms , `` public good '' . 
  and i consider myself left-wing ... 
   but you 're spanish , you could n't know about it living in one of the least populated countries i live in barcelona , literally two orders of magnitude more densely populated than _ anything _ in the uk , austria , or the netherlands ( in fact , it is around the 4th most dense city in the entire continent -- not a single region from these 3 countries even appears on this list ) . 
  this all just proves how biased is your perception of the world . 
  and by the way , also quite a few `` cities of glasgow '' in size move internally from one spot from the uk to another . 
  uk-external migration is a drop in the bucket . 
  you are insane if you think for a second that outside-uk migration has anything to do about the population density in your `` area '' . 
  probably a victim of the people usually exaggerate the apparent number of migrants by several orders of magnitude problem . 
   or in other words , to whom does the state of austria owe allegiance ? 
  its people , or its labour markets ? 
  why are these incompatible ? 
  the new order : international press exaggerates and focuses on `` terrorists attacks '' that local press do n't ever bother putting on the front page . 
  similarly , in spain we had the [ gals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gal_ ( paramilitary_group \\ ) ) , effectively being state-sponsored terrorism with the supposed goal of `` fighting terrorism '' . 
  i 'm middle age , old enough to remember this crap , and _ always _ been more scared of the political reaction to terrorism than to terrorism itself . 
  completely . 
  ask the average spaniard how did portugal 's transition to democracy work and you 'll a blank stare . 
  no wonder the government can get away calling spain 's one `` exemplary '' . 
  good . 
  now that the definitions are clear , can you explain to me why does terrorism affect a country , a culture , or a society any more than the common cold ? 
  or traffic car accidents ? 
   in the case of islamic terrorism are targeted western values the western values of nightclubs ? 
  ( obviously , the reason you reach such mental epileptic trees is because they really do n't target anything special -- thank the loose definition of what constitutes terrorism these days ) . 
   i said `` the concept of culture can have a strong effect on society '' which is different , do n't misquote me . 
  could you elaborate on the semantic difference between `` the concept of culture can have a strong effect on society '' and `` culture can have a strong effect on society '' ? 
  and if so , could you elaborate why either of those is not a tautology as per your definitions above ? 
   the highest courts in france , the french parliament and the french government have found no loss of human rights . 
  i fear for democracy if you think for a second that `` because government said so '' is a valid justification for the removal of a right . 
   are recovered in full force after the policy expires . 
  which is why it is becoming easier and easier to declare it , as well as to extend it almost indefinitely without reason at all . 
  but no , this not a problem , it 's all legal !, 
  as defined by the guy in power !, 
   an imminent peril consists in an immediate danger to public order so where is this immediate peril again ? 
  where are the nation-wide revolts ? 
  why are n't all the other european countries following ? 
   the high pollution could have been enough of an immediate danger , that is my opinion , but it does n't take away that terrorist is a valid way to establish the state of emergency . 
  except that in this case , calling `` tu quoque '' is not a valid argument , because what i 'm precisely criticizing is the unbalanced response by the government to one specific problem . 
   terrorism does n't have to happen every day for it to be a problem that has to be addressed so terrorism does n't actually have to happen at all in order for it to be a problem ? 
  at some point , we 'll be in a state of emergency over something that happened last year ... oh . 
  we already are . 
   besides , as i said numerous times , the death count or the amount of terrorist attacks do n't give the full picture on the intensity and impacts of terrorism . 
  no , so we have to measure its impact in weasel words , such as `` may affect the culture of a society '' . 
  great for a politician to do as he pleases . 
   we are in a period of high occurrence of terrorist acts and the dynamic is not going for the better , the problem is not fixed the dynamic is actually going for the better . 
  much better actually . 
  much better than many other periods in which , oh goodness , no state of emergency was deemed required . 
   but since you dismissed my arguments with brilliant comebacks such as '' ... '' maybe i wo n't bother putting the list again why would you put the list again without changing a thing . 
  specially since `` terrorism is important because it is a crime '' is as useless as an argument as it gets , since you 're basically repeating the premise . 
   `` it 's almost fixed because it 's almost non-existant . '', 
  how can you find that even remotely logical ? 
  a problem however how intense it is ought to be fixed . 
  of course it has to be fixed . 
  but there are many , many other problems that come first and where the government does n't even remotely fight with the same energy as this non-problem . 
  which , again , is my criticism . 
   you ask me to define the common concept of `` country '' but complain when i take it on myself to detail the one of terrorism . 
  once again you 're illogical . 
  illogical ? 
  you literally said :  terrorism is a serious problem [ ... ] because it is trying to trigger terror inside a population aka :  a is a serious problem because < definition of a  why does the definition of `` country '' have to do with the fact that this is yet another completely empty argument ? 
  good , cause i hope you realize that `` evil '' and `` good '' are just viewpoints . 
  i hope your misquote is because you wanted so bad to make that joke and not because you failed to comprehend a long sentence . 
  so ... what is your definition of evil then ? 
   pujol has been the figurehead of independentism for a long time : rollseyes : i guess it 's true the average voter has no long-term memory . 
   free from repercussion thank god corruptg\u00e8ncia is not `` free from repercurssion '' , whatever that means . 
  and please note that the only people around who have the power to actually `` free from repercussion '' pujol is the executive branch of the spanish government , also known as pp . 
   pragmatism is skewed if you ca n't accept that basic concepts such as a country and a culture have very strong effect on a society what is a country , a culture , and a society ? 
  `` culture can have a strong effect on society '' is a total tautology . 
  these are weasel words in any way , and that 's precisely what i 'm arguing . 
  either you can define why your particular problem of the day is going to `` affect a culture '' or you 're just imagining things . 
   a security policy , with time limits , a control by the parliament , a control by the judge , that has been validated multiple times by the french constitutional council is an attack to society ? 
  more than terrorist attacks ? 
  yes , _ loss of human rights _ is a much more significant threat to a country 's citizens than _ any _ terrorist attack . 
  for starters , history shows that these rights are usually only recovered by revolts ...  stroke , cancer , diseases , pollution ... they all kill more in france than terrorism that 's true . 
  but they ca n't in normal conditions trigger the state of emergency because they are not an `` imminent peril '' so can you objectively define exactly what is an `` imminent peril '' ? 
   is as serious a problem as them because it is a crime ...  a human is attacking other humans oh , like pollution . .  because it has an international dimension , oh , like pollution ...  because it is trying to trigger terror inside a population `` terrorism is serious because it is terrorism ''  and saying that we almost fixed the problem of terrorism a day after the last terrorist attack is quite weird . 
  it 's almost fixed because it 's almost non-existant . 
  it is not weird to say that you cured polio after the last case of polio . 
   no idea how to stop this . 
  everyone knows it 's mostly north african descent young thugs , but they were born in france . 
  all this talk of `` sending them back '' does n't compute . 
  there is nowhere to `` send them back '' . 
  why is this a problem ? 
  i assume there is a way to deal with people who do property damage , right ? 
  why is their `` north african descent '' important ? 
  if they are treated differently _ in any way _ , positively or negatively , because of their `` descent '' , then that 's ... wait for it ... racism . 
  it 's extremely easy for people to start with the pm threats here in reddit . 
  i once got one because i criticized the microsoft surface pro ( of which i 'm ironically actually kind of a fan ... ) . 
   also , do you really think the rest of the country 's top priority is if the basques collect their own taxes or how they spend them ? 
   most people give a fuck about how basques spend their taxes . 
  please fix . 
  i see catalonia 's secession as the first step towards an actual federation . 
  its not clear to me how to get a federation of equal states when people in other states are already _ refusing _ to recognize the sovereignty of one of the states . 
  so , according to you . . why does anyone care about the secession of catalonia again ? 
   independentism is a pain in the ass for more than half the population in catalonia , but your reality wo n't let you see that oh for god 's sake . 
  and you got that knowledge right from god ? 
  he put you on a holy mission to defend . . something . 
  the truth ( and i refer to cie yearly polls for that ) is that the amount of people in catalonia that want to keep with the current centralist state or even centralize it further is ridiculous ( even less than people who vote pp in catalonia ) . 
  while it may be argued that it is not entirely clear if the majority wants secession right now , its a a fact that most people would be more annoyed by another 4 years of pp than by secession . 
  really . 
  collect their own taxes and spend them wherever they want ( eg . 
  basque-only schools ) without the rest of the country going batshit insane ( as if they cared about education ) is not a political thing ?
