  and these guys are willing to make us the balkans 2.0 . 
  it takes two to dance tango . 
  if the central government had allowed a referendum a year ago , then `` no '' would have won , and the entire thing would now have been swept under the rug of history . 
  instead , they tried to play hardball , while support for `` yes '' was steadily increasing . 
  well , good riddance !, 
  i will be very happy to see this entire thing explode in their faces . 
  well , unless it 's all a joint conspiracy from pp and converg\u00e8ncia in order to win the approaching spanish and catalan elections respectively . 
  in that case , fuck this country . 
   same reason why you can see products in spanish first in portugal almost every product sold in the iberian peninsula is labeled in both spanish _ and portuguese _ . 
  why ? 
  because portugal is an actual free state , and its legislation mandates it ( similar to what spain does ... in spanish only ) . 
  did you know that when catalonia tried to pass similar legislation ( ie mandating catalan labels too ) it was _ suspended _ by none other than spain 's supreme court ? 
  so it 's ** exactly ** a `` conspirative measure done by the evil government '' . 
   spanish is the most common language in the country , and catalan is used by the official institutions in catalonia . 
  thanks for ignoring my point . 
   ehm , are you aware there 's no equality in terms of quantity of people speaking the different languages ? 
  how can you expect more tv channels in catalan in spain if there are more people that speak spanish ? 
  hey , great !, 
  so it turns out that the two languages are not in equal terms , right ? 
  that it seems that one needs protection , right ? 
  now thanks for proving my point !, 
   but do they ? 
  definitely yes . 
  google up for polls on catalans who want secession , higher autonomy or federation . 
  oh , such high numbers !, 
  much strong . 
  heck , even the socialist party advocates for higher autonomy _ again _ ( like the last campaign , and the previous , and ... ) . 
   seriously , those arguments ... ugh . 
  yours do not even qualify as arguments . 
  there , i can play your completely unproductive game too . 
  the fun fact : again , my mother tongue is not catalan , and yet it seems that i have a better understand of the situation of catalan speakers better than you do . 
  and that 's half of the problem . 
  you can not center half of your political campaign into inciting hate for the catalan language ( as pp did in arag\u00f3n ) and then expect catalans to silently submit to your aspirations of a `` unified '' spain when there 's none . 
   if anything , the `` immersive '' education program in catalan has been very sucessful great , so why does the central government feel the need to meddle with it , instead of just leaving such a successful program alone ? 
   and both languages catalan and spanish are extremely well used in catalonia , which i think it 's better than only speaking a single language extremely well used ? 
  why i ca n't see any product labeled in catalan in stores ? 
  why do most government conversations still happen in spanish ? 
  why do only 3 out of the 30 + dvb-t channels broadcast in catalan ? 
  hardly a balanced situation ( and e.g. , my mother tongue is spanish ) . 
   that `` catalans are opressed today '' is basically political propaganda from a part of the catalans ... which are the most nationalistic and die-hard independentists . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  i 'm sure the basque country begs to differ . 
  and besides , is n't that an argument in favor of secession ? 
  they clearly want to go . 
  let them go . 
   what constitution in europe recognizes the self-determination of a part of its own territory ? 
  curiously enough , the ussr constitution did actually recognize the right of secession . 
  secession is communism !, 
  then again , did you had a look at the number of actual federations in europe ? 
  whose comprising states even have their own constitutions , and obviously ( among other guarantees ) freedom in education policy . 
  even austria , with a similar headcount as catalonia , is a federation itself !, 
  the spain of today is a relic . 
  its supposed `` unity '' comes from the historical use of force . 
  we tried to convert it into a federation of republics , and failed . 
  now , i have no problem with dismembering it , nation by nation if necessary . 
  everyone will be happier . 
  it seems to depend on the weather too , or the time of day . 
  i 've seen both extremes for articles less than 12h apart . 
   i think that sooner or later you will be backed into corner and forced to issue your own money . 
  oh , i 'm sure of that . 
  my point is , that will happen _ even if we stay in the euro and/or spain _ . 
   as i said , as of now catalan banks can ask the banco de espana and the ecb for emergency assistance to cover deposits currently spanish banks , you mean . 
  the few catalan banks that operate exclusively inside catalonia ( e.g. 
  cooperatives ) have received zero funding from the government , and that does n't look like it will change . 
  and ... that does n't mean spanish banks wo n't be allowed to operate in catalonia , either . 
  check in which fourth-world countries they 're wasting spanish tax-payers ` rescue ' money these days . 
  it is almost stupid to think that spanish banks will decide not to continue operating in catalonia , where they already have developed infrastructure . 
  even if catalonia suddenly becomes a third world country . 
   plus a fixed rate exchange system willl break down eventually like argentina or ireland in 1973 as if spain had the ability to hit the ` start ' button on the money printing presses these days ... for all practices and purposes , this is already a fixed rate exchange . 
   taking on debts in a currency you do n't control is dangerous . 
  yeah , have you been following the news on the european debt crisis ? 
  _ spain does not control its current currency _ . 
  pp is hitler indeed  jokes aside , i find converg\u00e8ncia to be the same as pp , for all practices and purposes . 
  they have _ the same _ economic policies , similar views on ` religious ' topics ( albeit now that unio 's gone , that may change ) , and in fact have usually almost always voted for similar bills as pp has . 
  and please note that does not mean i 'm against secession . 
   because the eu is not a project that came out of the will of the people to abandon their nation states in favor of a super state . 
  actually , that 's exactly what the eu is about . 
  you lose quite a chunk of sovereignty in favor of a larger , supra-entity . 
  you are no longer free to torture people . 
  for other examples see http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/policy/conditions-membership/index_en.htm . 
  it was born out of the will of the people . 
  something that most definitely can not be said of many of today 's `` states '' . 
   remember that when the eu constitution was submitted for a vote it was rejected , even by the french , so it did n't have popular legitimacy . 
  as an unrelated sidenote , it was accepted in catalonia ... 
  but in any case this is just yet another example on why the eu is going to eventually fail , as per the rule you described above . 
   catalonia did agree to be part of the spanish state , did n't it ? 
  `` i 'm sorry to break it to you '' , but no . 
  `` historical reasons '' . 
   or was catalonia forced at gunpoint to sign up for the spanish constitution ? 
  more like tank-point , or civilwar-point . 
  please elaborate . 
  why does that break my analogy ? 
   once they get their independence , they will blame : great , so we 'll be like every other european nation then !, 
  catalonia actually prefers to keep using the euro , but they do n't want to allow us to do so  catalans can keep using the euro `` unofficially '' as much as they want , though , as many other countries do . 
  and i guess that 's the plan . 
  it 's not like anyone can force them to empty their pockets  in fact , the only thing catalonia would lose if they leave the eurozone is control of the euro ` printing machine ' ( aka vote/representation in ecb ) . 
  but it is open up to discussion if catalans or even spaniards have control of that printing machine _ now _ . 
  i suspect the actual numbers for yes support would actually increase in a binding referendum . 
  currently , there are only two `` yes '' parties present in the ballot . 
  the first one resulted from a curious merge of the two largest pro-secession parties , which span almost the entire political spectrum ( from the far right to center-left ) .
