  as if it has n't been the case for literally eons ... if anything , there 's much less today than it used to be , which is historically a first . 
  can we have world war 3 already and just be done with it . 
  no need to renege of what you 'd had never offered in the first place . 
  yil the pope is a lunatic left-winger . 
  if the basis on whether you want to accept a refugee or not is whether it 's syrian or not , then that 's racism . 
  there are wars in afghanistan , iraq ( and those wars were _ directly _ caused by western interests , no possible doubt about it ) and kosovo too , so why it should be a problem if most refugees are n't syrian ? 
  oh my god !, 
  some part of me secretly wanted your post to be a joke , but ... it is n't !, 
  you 're actually insane !, 
   communists who loathe the idea of a nation . 
  the founders of the eu were , largely , from belgium . 
  as you know belgium is two nationalities ( walloons and flems ) put in a single country , just like the eu . 
  you do believe there is a belgian-led conspiracy to rule the continent and install a communist-style union of `` nation-less '' soviet republics !, 
  this is so funny , at so many levels ... by the way , you are ** wrong ** about the founders of the eu , but who cares at this point . 
   the eu does n't hate itself , the eu loves itself , it hates nation states . 
  whatever the eu loves or hates it does because of its member states . 
  there 's no eu outside of its member states . 
  either you can pinpoint the nationality of whoever hates `` nation states '' , or your conspiracy theories are bullshit . 
  but why i 'm asking . 
  i already know who you 're going to pin the blame on . 
  those bastard belgians !, 
  example : catalonia and spain . 
   the soviet union hated russia uh , yes , yes ...  i see , so we 've devolved into buzzwords and name calling , i 'm going to stop replying to you now as you clearly just want to call anyone who disagrees with you names . 
  usually , i would agree with the argument that it is way too easy to call someone a `` racist '' . 
  however , this thread is people complaining about a eu law literally targeting `` racist '' and `` xenophobic '' speech , so this is the one place where i find the name calling perfectly justifiable . 
  a dirty trick would have been not to even allow the referendum in the first place . 
  if they were worried , they did n't show it much . 
  as usual , in their goal to reinforce their absurd and already-written-in-stone points of view , the usual suspects are paying more attention to a random `` spiritual '' person from another country and religion than their own religion ' leaders when it comes to `` refugees are baaaaaaaad !, 
  so , when isis visibly uses twitter to recruit material : `` how is this possible ???? 
  the retarded left-wing extremisms and their multiculturalism and their _ goodism _ are ruining europe !!, 
  we want censorship !! '', 
  when the eu provides a legal framework for censorship : `` how is this possible ???? 
  the retarded left-wing extremisms and their long-dead soviet leaders and their _ goodism _ are ruining europe !!, 
  we want free speech !! '', 
  this is almost laughably insane . 
  if this was posted on any other subreddit i 'd say that your satire is quite good . 
  sadly , it 's posted on / r/europe , so i 'm going to have to assume you 're serious . 
  i would ask why are you basically saying that the eu hates itself . 
  if you believe for any insanely insane reason that the eu is a different entity than the states comprising it , i would ask who exactly is this subset of gentlemen that are in the eu while at the same time outside the eu member states . 
  the belgian ? 
  the belgian are leading a continent-wide conspiracy to let themselves be invaded with muslims while at the same time forbidding your god-earned right to freely do as much evil and racism and xenophobia as you want ? 
  and which nationalities are exactly `` not made up '' ? 
  go and ask the britons . 
  go and ask the czechs . 
  go and ask the germans . 
  go and ask the spanish if `` spanish '' is not a made up nationality . 
  in fact , most scientists at least are doing it for the sake of utopia , since there 's not much money involved even if you 're the `` hardest working '' of them all ( whatever that means ) . 
  you are supposed to live in constant fear and hate change !, 
  i 've literally said the same thing for a long time . 
  isdss were already introduced to the eu with ceta , not with ttip . 
  there are some places in spain where flash flooding is relative common . 
  worst of all , those places tend to be extremely dry during the rest of the year , so settlements are usually close to the river . 
  one of the things that was done in my hometown is that all newly constructed streets are actually significantly elevated , so that water literally flows down below the streets . 
  kind of a ultra-high capacity drainage system . 
  so far it has worked pretty well -- you can pretty much safely drive even in the most rainy of days . 
  however , tourists still sometimes decide to park their cars outside the main streets , as they see lots of `` available '' parking space there ( despite all the warning signs ) , with the expected results when the flood comes in . 
  as a cheaper solution , in catalonia i 've seen some places where dedicated streets `` handle '' water flows during flash floods . 
   movies made in america are n't taxed any extra by the uk , where did you get that idea from ? 
  which part of a `` tax reliefs/credits/incentives to uk films is effectively the same as extra tax to non-uk films '' you find hard to understand ? 
   they pay taxes to the us , which already provides massive tax incentives , probably more than the uk . 
  as i said , i know of very few countries who are n't doing this . 
   if the uk had an extra tax on the consumer specifically for content made in foreign countries that would be absolutely outrageous . 
  but that 's _ exactly _ what 's going on . 
  and it seems that no one cares . 
  so it 's not exactly an uncommon sight in countries around the world . 
   there 's a huge difference between a positive incentive to make content in a country , and fining or criminalising the production of content in another country . 
  so let me rewrite it : the uk is fining non-uk film by imposing an extra tax uk movies do not have . 
  also note that this is precisely the kind of thing all western countries do , because they 're doing it . 
  i know of very few countries larger than 30m population than do n't do this . 
  as is usual with the brexit people , they still believe in `` the eu made us do it ! '', 
  crap from local politicians . 
  the uk does similar stuff for their own produced video -- see e.g. 
  tax breaks for `` uk films '' http://www.bfi.org.uk/supporting-uk-film/british-certification-tax-relief/cultural-test-film -- yet no one bats an eye . 
  but when the eu tries to enforce similar legislation ( which was , in fact , _ supported by uk meps _ long ago ) , then , ohno !, 
  it 's a `` monstrosity '' !, 
  eu , the scapegoat for the incompetent politician . 
  you 're assuming dangerous stuff again . 
  why ? 
  the people in / r/haskell ( or use any other subreddit at your convience ) went there via bookmark , google , or a link in their favourite website . 
  the people who visited the frontpage went there via a bookmark , google , or a link in their favourite website . 
  which is more biased ? , and most importantly , can you justify it ? 
  are you perhaps suggesting that reddit ( the frontpage ) appears randomly to random members of the population ? 
  or that there are more links to the frontpage than to subreddits ? 
  inrush , `` long sustained growth '' , potato , tomato . 
   the non biased fact of living in europe . 
  _ just by even looking at the frontpage of reddit _ you are already biased . 
  what if there 's a shitton of people that _ never _ visit the homepage , frontpage , subscriptions , or even the list of `` geodefaults '' , but simply limit themselves to a small subset of still `` unmolested '' very specific subreddits for the sake of their sanity ? 
  you think this is not the case ? 
  do you think the people in / r/haskell / post memes in the frontpage much ? 
  or that they enjoy the default selection of subreddits much ? 
  heck , for a long time , i did n't know of `` geodefaults '' myself . 
   the fact its now a geo default and has a much wider range of people becoming subscribers is self evident . 
  a fantastic claim that is extremely easy to refute . 
  if the bulletin board of philately that i moderate suddenly appears in the reddit frontpage , and i get a inrush of thousands of < 20 yo millenials , will my bulleting board be now `` more random '' ? 
  right now there 's a large sample of people from all ages with a bias in stamp collecting , but specifically they 're _ all ages _ . 
  if the environment becomes uninviting , fills with memes ( see / new / ) , will i be able to preserve that ? 
  or will my board suddenly develop an extreme bias towards the type of people that frequent the reddit frontpage ? 
  will the discussions be still `` varied '' ? 
  in fact , this has happened in another bb i visit , hydrogenaudio , and the net result is that there 's now a lot more bias towards the `` extremely wrong audiophile with lots of money to waste '' end of the spectrum , when hydrogenaudio had traditionally had a very strong electrical engineering-bias . 
  this is nowhere near more representative of the general population , who basically does n't care .
