  will i benefit from trading with them ? 
  i meant that if the deciding country has an opinion just because the joining country just seceded from it , what could be the objective basis for that opinion ? 
  _ any _ behavior other than ` neutrality ' would come from a desire for revenge or ` to make an example ' , which leads to the scenario where rajoy ensures catalonia ( and scotland ) is razed to the ground . 
  what other reason could there be ? 
  in spain vote for pp can not be simply explained in terms of age . 
   after all , many of us here are upset for uk leaving eu , so i understand that spain will get upset with catalonia . 
  well , any politician who uses `` revenge '' as their guideline is someone who should not be listened to . 
  i said the same about bremainers and i will say the same for the catalonia secession thingie . 
  in the uk , however , parliament does not have the right to set up a binding referendum . 
  ( `` no parliament can make a law that prevents parliament from undoing it '' or sth like that ) . 
  basically , by allowing spain to make a fool of themselves if they decide to `` build a wall '' after having argued so vehemently against it . 
  however , this would never work . 
  as rajoy has shown today , they just do n't care . 
  they would ruin scotland before even allowing the possibility of even remotely hinting that it may be possible to talk about joining the eu after secession . 
  and if they 're doing to this to scotland , just imagine if catalonia ever secedes . 
  he 'd do _ everything _ in his power to raze it to the ground . 
  now you get to enjoy the beauty that are our country 's politics !, 
  this is the `` underlying '' consultation : http://berec.europa.eu/eng/news_consultations/ongoing_public_consultations/3771-public-consultation-on-draft-berec-guidelines-on-implementation-of-net-neutrality-rules, 
   the difference between promising `` our people wo n't steal '' and `` we 'll pass the following laws '' , is that the first promise can be broken quite easily as soon as there is one wrong person in one wrong place ( and chances are , you 'll be none the wiser ) , whereas the second can be directly verified , i agree with that , actually . 
  it precisely reinforces the fact that regulation from politicians is needed . 
   i came to japan on a tourist visa , found a job that would sponsor me that 's illegal in many countries ( looking for a job on a temporary visa !, 
  ) , and a gray area in the rest . 
  migration offices will outright reject applications for a tourist visa if they smell you 're coming over to look for a job . 
  regarding what the uk will do , just think that the number # 2 reason has been immigration ... 
  most high-tech companies already have their hq in dublin , and not london . 
  i 'm not talking about google and the rest ( which by the way also do ) , i 'm talking airplane design , microprocessor and the like . 
  obviously , tax is the operating keyword here , though . 
  for starters , a work visa requirement means you _ need _ a job offer before setting a foot on the country , so yeah , it kind of ruins the experience . 
  ( and , for anti-immigration people , that is the entire point of it ) . 
  erm , what ? 
  i am sorry , which are the only party that have n't literally _ criticised _ the brexit referendum , indicating that they believe allowing people to vote is `` bad practice '' ? 
  what is the _ only _ one of the current 4 major coalitions that is proposing an higher number of referendums ? 
  if anything , the criticism is that people continuously vote that they would prefer _ not to be given the chance to vote _ , which is ... of questionable sanity , to be honest . 
   the whole public bank thing well , i would enjoy to know why do you think that puts `` more economic power '' into the executive branch , since they 're not nationalizing _ anything _ . 
  i suppose i do n't need to mention that the ones that actually nationalised and effectively created this `` public bank '' you 're talking about were ... pp ? 
  this is what enrages me most about criticism of podemos . 
  their actual programmes have been so `` moderate '' i have a hard time distinguishing them from ppsoe . 
  that is also one of the reasons i hate the fact that they ate iu , since by the time the coalition was created , iu had a much more left-wing program than podemos . 
  and yet , criticism continues as if they were the second coming of lenin . 
  god save this country , cause i certainly ca n't . 
   well , that may be why , until this election repeat , i had never voted twice for the same party congratulations ; i have never voted twice either so far , but mostly because my favorite parties tend to never repeat in the election . 
  but it also means you 're violating your above logic . 
   they promise to do , rather than what they promise not to do this is a religious-style unfalsifiable argument because it 's just wordplay . 
  i can just turn around `` we will not do corruption '' into `` we will do clean the executive branch of corruption '' . 
  what is a `` promise to do '' ? 
  what is a `` promise not to do '' ? 
  oh no , this again . 
  i 've read the programme three times in the past week . 
  so i must ask :  worst of all , the programme rather went into the opposite direction , seeking to put ever more economic power into the hands of political decision-makers like for example ? 
  it is for this reason that , rather than agonizing about how clean or corrupt the whole batch of candidates may be , i rather vote in function of what they propose , but i 'll never , ever trust them if you never _ trust _ them , how would you actually ever vote for a new party that has n't yet had a change to prove itself ? 
  which is the only way we could ever reduce corruption : voting for new , young parties in every election ; since , by your logic , long-standing parties aggregate the most corruption . 
  i 've said it a lot of times that `` m\u00e1s vale malo concido que bueno por conocer '' represents the worst of this country . 
  not only people keep voting the same , 30-yo completely rooked party because `` the new ones are also slightly corrupt too '' , they 're now voting the same , 100 % corrupt 30-yo party because `` the new ones will also be corrupt '' even before they 're given the chance of _ being _ corrupt !, 
  i 'm quite sure there will be _ applause _ if it happens , at this point . 
  the fun thing is that spain is hardly polarized in the political spectra . 
  the differences between pp and psoe are minimal at best ( ` ppsoe ' ) , up to the point more has been written questioning the placement of both parties in the spectrum than there are actual differences in their programmes . 
  however , most voters do have an ( irrational ? ), 
  attachment to one of the two . 
   power corrupts . 
  and not even jesus christ could prevent a judas among his apostles , so i do n't expect any political party to be 100 % free of thieves . 
  this type of reasoning is what brought to us the current situation in spain , where people are voting a party that is  50 % comprised of thieves because `` the other parties may not be free either '' . 
  no , not really . 
  in fact , the british stuff has been quite an exception . 
  `` old uneducated people in rural areas '' usually vote for the status quo . 
  i can not believe people still believe this . 
  like , 50 % youth employment is because young people does n't `` wash their hair '' ? 
  it 's no wonder this country is fucked . 
  just look at how most spaniards mostly refuse to wear the spanish flag as flair . 
  and that from the few who choose the spanish flag , mental sanity is usually the exception rather than the rule . 
  most banks in spain are currently offering ridiculously low or outright negative interest rates . 
  stashing cash in the pillow is looking more and more as the reasonable option . 
  either pp or another election round . 
  any other possibility is currently mathematically out of the question . 
  incredible how most useless exit polls have been for second consecutive year in a row . 
  i 'm actually from teruel . 
  but good luck continuing to ask people to join you in conversations when literally you fiddle all your posts with remarks about everyone 's ignorance . 
   you again insulting something because you do n't like it ... 
  `` again ? '', 
   it 's outraging , bringing up that you do n't like a paper adds nothing . 
  because i do n't like their opinion . 
  i 'm sorry , i read the actual document long ago ( rather than el pais ' opinion on it ) , and the way i parse it is that `` members of the comitee/government team need to be aligned with podemos '' . 
  it says no such thing about the judges or members of the executive , and it 's no different than what other countries with better separation that ours have ( e.g. 
   nice that for podemos you think their program has more value than their words i assign value in this order : 1 . 
  what they 've voted in the past 2 . 
  their program 3 . 
  what previous members of their parties say 4 . 
  what they say 5 . 
  what members of other parties say  but for other parties you turn the thing around . 
  which other parties ? 
   you link to news , not to an opinion article calling `` el pais '' _ news _ at this point would be showing too much respect to them ( and note that polls show the entire country shares this opinion ) . 
   do you agree with what they said there ? 
   do n't bring another part of their program it 's not `` another '' part of their program . 
  i 'm bringing up _ their program _ , which is the same as 6 months ago , and all it talks about is stuff that i agree increases the separation of powers . 
  really , if you keep calling all who disagree with you `` ignorant '' how do you even plan to have a civil discussion ? 
  i 've had discussions with brexit people that were more enlightening that the garbage here , and i 'm not even british . 
   kinda the same thing its happening now with the uk , if the eu wants to survive , the uk must fail and go trough a deep recession , because if it does well , the eu is over , all the other countries will want to also leave . 
  the only problem with this is that you 're assuming that if uk does well without the eu , people will try to hide it as if it was a bad thing . 
  if the uk does well without the eu , then , well , good riddance to the eu . 
  the point is that most remainers ( hopefully ) sincerely believe it will do worse without the eu . 
  ah , good old el pais .
