  but again , it only proves my point . 
  no one believed they were in favor of the referendum either way . 
  exactly as i said , they ended up doing the same as pp ( nothing ) , only later . 
  i still do n't understand why that 's a bad thing . 
  if it really gives you no benefits at all ( and that is something under debate in the catalan case , i.e. 
  it 's certainly not granted ) , what 's the problem with secession ? 
  even taking it to the extreme of going back to city-states , i do n't see any problem . 
  a yes to independence , but not necessarily unilateral . 
  counting those who want federalization ( which would include psc ) as against-independence . 
   artur mas ' process does n't have enough legitimisation as it has not reached 51 % of the vote . 
  i fully agree . 
  i think all this legitimates is a proper referendum . 
  i wo n't find myself comfortable to say the least if they go full steam on unilateral secession before a referendum . 
   so are you republican or independentist ? 
  just wondering . 
  i just find it strange to say that there 's a huge amount of voters with this opinion in catalonia when it seems only csqp got any representation , and it was sadly not spectacular :(, 
   there might be independentists in csqp , but they do n't support mas current independentist process , or they prefer left wing policies over unilateral independence . 
  the question i mention above is not whether they support mas and its unilateral secession or not . 
  the question is whether they 'd would vote yes in a referendum . 
  heck , i do n't support corruptconvergencia . 
  i voted for csqp . 
  and yet i 'd vote yes in a referendum . 
  same as the current csqp 's # 1 . 
   you ca n't assume that , that 's pure speculation . 
  there 's some unofficial polls going around showing a 50-50 % split inside of csqp 's voters themselves . 
  and which party did they vote ? 
  cause many parties actually were in favor of that option ( csqp , recortesno , pacma , etc. ), 
  but only csqp got any representation . 
  so i am really curious about where they are . 
  it says so in the date . 
  so what ? 
  it just shows how much their ( public ) opinion on the topic fluctuates . 
  not when the campaign started : http://www.farodevigo.es/espana/2014/09/20/soberanistas-psc-aprueban-ley-referendum/1097397.html . they were certainly in favor of a referendum , they even voted for it ... 
  but as i said , no one believes them to do anything other than pp these days . 
  my point exactly , but the guy keeps spamming that they should be counted amongst the against-secession . 
  the only ones i know are a ( small ) subset of csqp voters . 
  please tell me where the others are . 
  rather , do you suggest that we need to keep using all borders that were drawn even before the 19th century ? 
  much more modern . 
  ridiculous ? 
  it has happened . . 
  ... that needs some discussion , to be honest . 
  it \u00b4 s not like the sun , but , with all due respect , it 's not precisely a good example . 
  it \u00b4 s not `` without a government '' , really . 
  pp has been doing everything they want , including heavy public spending as if we were in a `` perpetual election year '' . 
  i find `` perpetual election year '' to be a better way to describe the current situation . 
  the conspiracy theorist in me says that this type of bullshit is propagated periodically to try and put the public opinion against self-driving cars as much as possible . 
  i mean , the entire point of a self-driving car is to have almost instantaneous reaction times to `` events '' , which is what dominates the effective reaction time of current `` human '' driving ( and not braking time ... ) ; plus also to be able to make consistently the most efficient braking strategy every time ( e.g. 
  unlike humans instinctively and stupidly deciding to swerve instead of hitting the brakes , which is almost guaranteed to end in a loss of control of the car which ends up killing both the driver and the pedestrian ) this type of `` oh , but it 'll be able to do intelligent moral analysis '' garbage is bullshit and proves that whoever is speaking has no idea what this is all about . 
  but if you look at the statistics , the actual number of migrants has nothing to do with the size of the `` counter-reaction '' ; in fact , it is usually places that have less migration that offer the most visible counter-reactions . 
  the subway of paris , however , has one interesting sight , depending on your hobbies : some lines have rubber wheels !, 
  cities are one thing , but it 's pretty common in many ( very ) small towns . 
  in my hometown , for example , you 'd only last a few minutes unprotected outside in the 3pm sun ( and , to be honest , even inside it 's actually difficult to do any real work , specially without ac ) . 
  there 's absolute nothing to do during those hours , so many people sleep . 
  do note , however , that means they either woke up extremely early ( to do outside work before temperatures get high in the morning ) or go to bed extremely late ( likewise ) . 
  the workdays are very , very long . 
  oh , there 's plenty of jobs , they just `` disappear '' whenever officials look for them . . 
  exactly . 
  when all you have to compare are spain and france , germany is definitely extremely fluent in english . 
  not only that . 
  the subset of people that vote in state ones does not necessarily match the set of people voting in federal ones . 
  for example , the most . . uhm , _ centralists _ will refuse to vote in state elections . 
  no further questions , your honor . 
  i have to say , i am always impressed that poles are also targets of xenophobia in several countries ( e.g. 
  just ask supporters of brexit ... ) , and despite that , we still see huge numbers of ` polish flairs ' who have not yet realized how terrible suffering xenophobia is . 
  i guess that all the ones who did add 2 + 2 together are the ones that left the country ... 
   neither is overwhelming europe with millions of migrants and endangering its entire future . 
  weirdly germany did n't get its voting rights suspended . 
  i am tired of this crap . 
  ignoring whether poland is violating freedom of the press or not , you are hereby suggesting that `` violating freedom of press and independence of the judiciary '' is in someway a comparable offense to `` allowing millions of migrants '' , and thus should be equally punishable . 
  one is an actual crime contemplated in the majority of the world countries ' constitutions , while the other is at best , is a fictitious non-crime that certain people `` feel '' as a risk . 
  sometimes i just wish people 'd read aloud what they think before writing it . 
   i 'm surprised you said that being from spain . 
  because here we would call `` hipster millennials '' what others just call `` millennials '' ;p, 
  article about brexit , comments about comments about trump . 
  ah , the great capitalist invention of artificially restricting a market ... ( aka copyright ) . 
  so , the millenials in your country do n't watch films in original versions with subtitles ? 
  in spain public tv is currently advert-less , too . 
  the only difference is that the `` tax '' is just hidden within all the other taxes . 
  there 's no way to opt out even if you do n't own a tv . 
  i always roll my eyes when someone uses `` because the eu ( sometimes ) actually defends human rights ! '', 
  as an argument for seceding from it . 
   although in this case the ruling looks obscene from the british point of view because we are used to remedial rather than punitive fines . 
  from the article itself :  the european court of human rights ( echr ) ruled that $ 16,000 ( # 13,600 ) of ismail abdurahman 's * legal costs * must be paid at the culmination of a seven-year court battle . 
  this is basically nothing , no damages nor even a misruling . 
  yet i 'm sure there is going to be a lot of backslash for it ... 
  well , it 's not normal here in barcelona either for some random person to start a conversation with you on a bus stop . 
  if it happens , it 's almost always a beggar or peddler . 
  of course , it 's a completely different story in smaller towns , where it 's always common to hear at least a g ` day from completely unknown faces . 
   europe 's car industry took a gamble that highly efficient , low-polluting diesel engines were crucial to its future . 
  the bet has n't paid off . 
  so the proposed solution is that , rather than trying to figure out what the hack happened that such a horrible bet was placed ( was the science wrong ? 
  are we just misusing diesel ? 
  is there maybe a way to make diesel as clean as promised ? 
  what types of pollutants are cars releasing that we also are not aware of today ? 
  ) , we 'll just ...  `` we should rather shift this money to electric cars , to zero emission cars . 
  this should also be a reflection from the scandal , '' she said . 
  in a decade , when we have triple the amount of electric cars than we have gas cars today , and as a consequence our landfills overflow with the lithium of all these batteries , the air in our cities is even more unbreathable with dangerous levels of pm2 .5 and pm10 particles , and the increased energy demands means that financially struggling countries are resorting more and more to coal , it 'll be electricgate all over again . 
  what a waste of money . 
  why not spending money in improving public transportation networks ?
