  not surprisingly since the comission is supposed to be like the executive branch . 
  calling it `` unelected '' is a complete hyperbole specially from first past the post countries . 
  this subreddit never ceases to amaze me . 
  same thing . 
  but obviously , the second victim from the fallout of the paris attacks will still be encryption ... 
  this has been the case for this entire year at least . 
  this subreddit has completely lost it and i 'm not sure how to fix it . 
  if europe is to fall to a bunch of radical far-right fanatics in a new age of fascism and xenophobia , at least we will be able to say that , right before that , we tried doing the morally sensible thing . 
   punctual terrorists attacks are not . 
  recurrent threat which france is facing merah , charlie hebdo , villejuif churches project , thalys project , last friday . 
  wait ... are you literally saying `` actual terrorist attacks are not important , what matters are my perceived threats ? '' . 
   if you want an honest debate give me some numbers from al qaeda , if not , lets exchange bull shit remarks well , it 's going to be difficult to get a number -- both are currently still ` recruiting ' and competing with each other , and they like to exaggerate over the success of their programs . 
  al qaeda being ` the least radical ' and having been at it for much longer i 'd say their numbers are higher but dunno , really . 
  but since i still have no idea what that question has to do with anything , i 'll think i 'll pass on this wonderful opportunity of having this `` honest debate '' in which all i do is read wikipedia and google information for you while receiving remarks about exchanging `` bullshit '' . 
   it can include an exegesis and a commentary , with this ` commentary ' being larger than the rest of the book ... and the source of the literal/problematic `` interpretations '' . 
  oh , i thought `` it was not about numbers '' . 
   i 'm saying what wiki is telling me and the interner . 
  yes , can you read any further from the first paragraph ? 
   according to the traditional narrative , several companions of muhammad served as scribes and were responsible for writing down the revelations . 
   shortly after muhammad 's death , the quran was compiled by his companions who wrote down and memorized parts of it . 
   however , the existence of variant readings , with mostly minor and some significant variations [ ... ] sigh . 
   so i 'm not sure i trust your word that the new testament is in the qur ` an obviously it 's not _ in _ the qur ` an . 
  it 's part of the scriptures and wu ' ran mentions it is `` mostly right '' . 
  in fact , as per that wikipedia page , jesus and the virgin appear more times in the qu ` ran than mohammed . 
  if only there was a wikipedia page you could read instead of having to believe me ...  see . 
  those xtians ca n't even agree on a name . 
  the bible . 
  the holy scriptures , the old and new testament either you 're not a christian , or you are a pretty ignorant one since it seems you do n't know the relationship between all these . 
   answer me this simple question : how many western european were fighting for al qaeda ? 
  i do n't understand what this question has to do with anything . 
  are you suggesting that al qaeda had no recruitment programs in europe or something like that ? 
  does the average voter really have such a short memory ? 
   quran : gabriel giving the word of god to mohammed . 
  done . 
  no , not at all . 
  the qu ` ran is also composed of many books written by a lot of people . 
  like in christianity , different divisions in islam vary in the books they consider canonical . 
  in fact , some islam branches recognize the _ new testament _ as part of their scriptures , too . 
  please read the wikipedia page . 
  by the way : what do you think `` testament '' / covenant means ? 
   the article you cite does n't mention border controls . 
  please read it . 
   looks at date of article : 2009 . 
  post 9/11 , post london bombing , post spain bombings ... all of them larger than the france attack . 
  france is not the center of terrorism , despite what the media crazy wants you to believe . 
  additionally , if you had read the article instead of the headline only , you knew it 's been updated twice . 
   once people fear , people vote right . 
  after the madrid bombings in spain people voted `` en masse '' to the left . 
  your premises are wrong . 
   it 's different because they did n't do terrorist attacks outside of the british isles , i mean , in britain they were shit , but they did n't drag the whole world into their shit . 
  the ira actually was widely known to have cooperated and provided guns for the major attacks of eta here in spain . 
  i do n't know if they participated directly or not , though . 
  and remember daesh also performs mostly in the middle east and north africa . 
   furthermore the iras goals were in the end rather reasonable , isiss goals however are downright insane well , i do n't think the ends justify the means . 
  certainly not for terrorism . 
   i 'm blaming holy books for the fact that a large part of muslims are homophobes despite the fact that as shown above the holy books from all abrahamic religions actually ban homosexuality ? 
  and penalize it with death ? 
   and ? 
  do they get a pass ? 
  okay pakistanis and iranians you can kill gays , because 800 years ago europe was a shithole . 
  it just shows that despite having a terrible holy book like any other abrahamic religion they could at one point form a civilized society . 
  and that both judaism and christian also had periods in which the scriptures were taken `` more literally '' and thus , as per your own words , spent all the time `` killing each other in religious wars '' . 
  the holy books _ alone _ are not to blame for either behavior . 
   a simple word `` sharia '' ? 
  note that sharia translates more or less as the `` prophets ' law '' which is literally the name as which it appears on the old testament . 
  so i can not really see much difference because , in fact , they literally come from the same source . 
  islam is an abrahamic religion too . 
  so their holy book alone is not the cause for their current craziness . 
   but it 's sufficiently fragmented to introduce doubt . 
  you can use a violent version and say that 's the real one . 
  you can use a moderate version and say that 's the real one . 
   now islam . 
  so you 're trying to argue that christian is fragmented into several sects with different interpretations of the scriptures while islam is not ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i mean , even the wikipedia article you 're quoting details a few of the many variations of it !, 
  the big schisms of islam are almost nothing compared to the relatively small differences between catholicism and protestantism . 
  please remember that daesh primary kills _ other muslims _ . 
  if this is not a proof of fragmentation then i do n't know what is . 
  yeah , `` never let a good crisis go to waste '' , as they say . 
  anyone who still thinks more theater will do anything for his `` security '' should read https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/11/beyond_security.html . 
  in the meanwhile , trying to figure out how i 'll continue with my work when they eventually ban cryptography . 
   you would equate the ira with muslim terrorism ? 
  you would not ? 
  i mean , do you believe ira terrorism is `` good '' terrorism because it 's our terrorism ? 
  or is there another reason why you believe ira terrorism is `` special '' ? 
  sometimes i 'm surprised at the stuff i read on this subreddit . 
   uhm christianity is very much based on the new testament [ matthew 5:18 ] ( http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=matthew%205:18-19&amp;version=niv ) says how the laws of the old testament will apply `` until the end of days '' . 
  and he 's quoting jesus on it . 
   there 's no law system , no codex , no anything . 
  even after having seen quotes of it in the post you 're replying to ? 
   you can surely find violent parts in the any testament . 
  precisely . 
  stop blaming `` holy books '' for the behavior of terrorists . 
  having stupid rules and laws in the holy scriptures is a distinctive of all abrahamic religions , not just islam . 
  while christians seems today to be more ... tolerating of other cults , that 's _ despite _ the christian scriptures , not because of them . 
  after all , there was a time in history in which muslims were the tolerant ones . 
  basically , they did n't need to even plant any bomb , and we 're already destroying ourselves , `` discovering '' bombs everywhere . 
  they 've won . 
   i 'm choosing to vote for any party that wants to leave schengen . 
  i 've already had to wait _ 2 hours _ today in the damn border between spain and france , with kilometric traffic jams .
