  in case of doubt , competition is better than stagnation and a monopoly . 
  there 's an analogy here with evolution ...  their services are leagues ahead of what other large players offer . 
  i 'd disagree with that . 
  and besides , the problem is that by now only _ large _ players can enter the field . 
   certainly google does n't prevent apple literally building a better product and trying to win market share , and they have made attempts at that , but they usually fall short . 
   this makes me highly skeptical of the claim that some smaller european rival could do a better job , if only they were n't intimidated or whatever your contention is for why they do n't . 
  i do n't understand why people keep giving this a protectionist/nationalist spin . 
  no such thing here . 
  it does n't have to be european . 
  i do n't have any doubts that someone smaller could eventually do a _ much _ better job , because that 's how _ it 's always been in history _ . 
  certainly not in `` everything '' that google says they do , but that 's part of the problem -- that with google being a behemoth , and assuming no anti-trust action , you basically have to be a behemoth too in order to compete . 
  no , you still do n't get it . 
  google does n't even need to do anything directly evil * to destroy the competition . 
  the _ mere fact _ that they 're a monopoly means that it becomes harder and harder for other services to pop up . 
  even with their inaction , they 're not only destroying the competition but _ preventing _ new competition . 
  for the sake of example : count the number of search engines that existed before google . 
  count the number of search engines that exist today . 
  which kind of situation leads to more innovation ? 
  which kind of situation leads precisely to the exact combination of ingredients that eventually made google possible ? 
  \\* but of course , if they do evil stuff ( which they do ) , then even more reason . 
   it 's a massive convenience to have the integration between services . 
  a good example of the stuff they do to extend their monopoly . 
  you could have such convenience in a distributed system , too . 
   i can choose to become a criminal tomorrow too , but until that point it 's not very useful to treat me like one . 
  to put in a way that the average / r/europe redditors will understand : `` muslims may choose to become terrorists tomorrow , but until that point it 's not very useful to treat them like one . '', 
  ( not that i agree with the sentiment ) . 
  broken analogy , and you 're ignoring the fact that a monopoly gives _ one _ company the power to choose what 's best for you , so it 's even a worse scenario . 
  i agree . 
  the above was a jab at those redditors that have been calling belgium , france , `` failed states '' and `` wondering how things could be worse than they are now '' . 
  well , now they have an ( other ) example . 
  i 've been through two coups d'\u00e9tat in my life ( one in my country , one while visiting ) , so i know it 's still not a `` failed state '' . 
  the reason universities are prestigious or not is measured precisely by the size of their `` drops '' , which is the reason google 's do n't matter . 
   dozens of ph.d fellowships for many of the world 's brightest researchers i wait , what ? 
  are you trying to put out the _ ridiculous _ number of fellowships that google offers for a company of their size as a good thing ? 
  the research google does , they _ eat _ it -- little of it is ever made public . 
  i am not sure if it would be much worse for ` science ' if we were to just pop google and use their assets for highway construction . 
  and of course , if we were to put the money directly in universities ...  announced that private lab in zurich  and that was on top of acquiring deepmind two years ago  snatching up their 250 a.i. 
  experts really , i do n't see how you could possibly think i could see that as a good thing . 
  and , gentlemen , now you actually know what something closer to a `` failed state '' looks like . 
   they 're not threatening to fine google , they 're threatening to break it up . 
  where is that ? 
  certainly not in the article ...  the commission already tried to settle it with a fine like three time already , but european lobbyists & it 's corporate competitors have got it rejected every time & demanded it to be more & more severe , basically nothing less than a chop up . 
  and where is the source for that too ? 
  and another obvious question : if the ec has no history of protectionism , why do you assume this would be ? 
   what european corporation has been faced with what google is facing on the charges google is facing ? 
  literally the top 10 largest fines the eu has imposed so far have been _ all _ to eu companies . 
   and it 's great that you feel like that , but calling everybody a shill who does n't agree with you does n't mean shit really . 
  and calling the european comission `` protectionist '' _ every time _ there 's even talks about investigations to a us company , _ even when the fines and charges that the ec has imposed to us companies are literally ** peanuts ** when compared to the fines imposed to eu companies _ is what ? 
  objectively , that the amount of scientific papers published under their affiliation and the number of researchers they directly employ is a drop in the bucket when compared with the world 's . 
   twilio who ? 
   yes , it 's one of the areas they are active in yes , one of the minor ones , just providing over 80 % of the total income . 
  nothing to call home about . 
   nowhere as malicious as competing ad networks what ?????????? 
  again , comparing a list of startups with `` google '' . 
   europe is impotent and unable to create competition the us has been unable to create actual competition and prevent monopolies ever since bush jr era . 
   and congress should follow through on it 's threat to retaliate against european corporations as well if the eu follows through on this protectionist shit . 
  protectionist shit why ? 
   this ruling ( splitting them up ) would be completely unprecedented & nothing more than a predatory move to destroy google . 
  ah yes , like the ideas of splitting up microsoft that did float in `` your '' congress until bush decided to save their collective asses . 
  yes , we look forward to the us for justice and `` retaliation '' ... 
   set the science back a decade cause , naturally , google , a behemoth private company that answers to the whims of its owners , is the source of ` science ' . 
  i do n't understand why people say the `` i was n't forced to use x '' argument when it comes to defend the monopoly of x. 
  of course you were n't forced to use x. 
  if they forced you to use x in any way that would have been illegal . 
  i suggest reading about antitrust laws in order to understand what they 're actually for . 
   they 'd no longer be able to use any of their search revenue for robotics , space exploration , green energy , self-driving cars , home automation or gigabyte-fast internet . 
  poor argument . 
  why do we exactly need our money going through an advertising company to do all these things again ? 
  why would i want the same behemoth controling most of my internet activity also controlling my car ? 
  it 's not about how they got their monopoly . 
  it 's about the fact they have one and what they 're doing with it . 
  and i always get the feeling that there 's a bunch of sock puppet accounts coming ready to jump in when it comes to defend us companies . 
  the eu has fined eu companies the most by an order of magnitude , yet this nonsense criticism of `` protectionism '' continues . 
  oh , and me poor bastard thought we were talking about startups and/or `` groundbreaking innovation '' ... and the first company that you mention is an advertising monster . 
  and which startups are , according to your definition ? 
   the west on the other hand is playing at war and they 're losing . 
  which definition of `` losing a war '' is that ? 
  a lot of our freedoms and rights are being slowly eroded away by stuff such as e.g. 
  having a year long `` state of emergency '' declared on the same day as the prise de la bastille . 
  but which actual war are we losing ? 
  you still do n't get it : france did n't `` rule over other countries '' . 
  france was just much larger . 
  and there was a lot of intra-france movement these days , in both directions ( and i shall certainly know : my parents were pied noirs ) . 
  japan makes a very difficult comparison , since they only ruled the place for literally a handful of years , has no `` integration '' policy at all , and the country has spent most of its history completely isolated from the rest of the world . 
  ah sorry , my mistake . 
  i thought you were suggesting they were illegal immigrants . 
  i am yet to see anyone making an exception for anyone who `` oppresses their wives and children '' . 
  precisely most people in europe is _ against _ making any exception against any collective , except the oft debated of woman `` positive discrimination '' . 
  the law is universal . 
  clearly , we need to start blood testing people . 
  if it 's not 100 % french champagne we retroactively stop their parents from coming to the country . 
  it 's all a simple logic chain . 
   how many of the past terrorist attacks perpetrators were immigrants who came legally in the country ? 
  all of them ? 
  which were n't ? 
  so what do you want to do , prevent migration between regions of france ? 
  reddit is not representative of the world at large . 
   there is a lot more than can be done but wo n't because ` human rights ' and ` their freedoms ' but we know many will shelter extremists and i ca n't remember the last time an isis member came from a private catholic school ... 
  i do n't know what i fear most . 
  isis , or people who write `` human rights '' and `` freedoms '' in quotes .
