  trump 's administration is definitely doing the same . 
  `` nah , we should n't treat these people like equals . 
  there might be negative consequences , like intolerant people feeling offended ! '', 
  plenty of people who love jesus are n't afraid of people who are gay ... 
  why are you so afraid of them ? 
  struggling with your own feelings ? 
  you should take some weed with you when you go to indonesia or singapore , see how well that works out for you . 
  if you visit another country , you should respect their culture while you are there . 
  either that , or accept when the locals tell you to fuck off or when you run into legal problems . 
  europe is a complete waste of money !, 
  she can know because she 's part of the scum that actively steals from the european people . 
  but we should let her steal because she will destroy europe to stop all that waste . 
  / s , but too many people fall for that shit unfortunately ... 
  it 's not about making sense , anymore . 
  it 's about shouting the loudest so people will give you what you want . 
   i 'm just glad it 's because i 'm out of the loop , not because i 'm inherently dumb . 
  it 's not an either-or situation . 
  why , because you 're afraid like all those other alt-rightards that the evil mooslems will outbreed us or something ? 
  :') or do you believe freedom is bad ? 
  you 're just as disgusting as those terrorists you hate . 
  man , why ca n't all those austrians and germans speak our much more sensible language, 
  you should host an annual parade or something similar to celebrate that pride . 
  fucking hippies , they 're as bad as nazis , i tells ya !, 
  i was happy too see it was meant ironically . 
  you do n't get it . 
  that 's because of islam , not mental illness !, 
  that 's because it 's the way you usually see it written . 
  if most english media you consumed were fro america , and you spoke another language at home , it would quickly become the normal spelling . 
  we learn to spell it with the u in school ... 
  the logic is that there 's very little else they can do . 
  only because every single coffeeshop or brothel is counted as another attraction . 
  five years ago , i took a course which was taught by a turkish professor . 
  one week , he cancelled the lecture . 
  the next week , he told us he went to istanbul to protest against the turkish government . 
  i was relieved when i looked him up recently and found out he was still working at a university in the netherlands . 
  do n't worry everyone , their diplomas have already been invalidated and they will be arrested soon . 
  it has also been banned here in the netherlands for years , but too many people are still whiney bitches about it . 
  yes , people can just start doing another job , despite having no experience in another field of work !, 
  besides , they 'll gladly accept that they 're forced to find some other jobs because foreigners are cheaper . 
  you kids and your modern solutions , * grom * !, 
  hey , at least he did n't have autism / s, 
  til . 
  nevertheless , the person i 'm replying to has a name which is dutch for `` such a waste '' , so i 'd expect them to have the symbol available . 
  huh , so this is what it 's like to get older ... 
  did you just use a euro emoji rather than $ ? 
  i 'm finding that way too funny . 
  t-mobile offered free spotify : listen as much as you want , it wo n't affect what 's left on your data bundle . 
  it 's one of those `` look at this nice shiny thing we are offering you . 
  it 's probably not * completely * legal , though , blame net neutrality ! '' - strategies . 
  also known as : a con . 
  i 'm also very angry about that zero-rating decision here . 
  and i get angry because i 'm aware they 're actively lobbying in europe to undo those rules . 
  no offense to any turks , but i wonder how many of them voted yes as a middle finger to the country they live in now , rather than as support for erdogan . 
  in general , i 'm curious how turkish turks feel about emigrants ( who wo n't be oppressed by erdogan ) forcing this on them . 
  and his last name is german sounding . 
  what is your point , exactly ? 
  meems ? 
  did n't musk once say that he 'd fire his wife if he could ? 
  religion has no place in politics . 
  it 's called separation of church and state . 
  however , i would like to see some sources for your opinions . 
  when i ask a frenchman or woman in france to speak french more slowly so i can understand what is said , i occionally get the answer that i should just listen more quickly . 
  if they would simply choose , brussels or strasbourg , could n't they cut the budget without too many problems ? 
  i 'd love to see it ; google translate and a dictionary should get me through it . 
  it 's a glorifed liberal , anti-gop blog . 
  too many articles are called out for being hopelessly biased , so i do n't trust it . 
  there are more sources , why do you submit the shitty biased one ? 
  we 're / r/europe , not / r/politics , and we expect a certain standard of quality ,, 
  op is a karma whore , it was to be expected . 
  service announcement do n't vote on this , just ignore him with res . 
  people post nonsense like this for the downvotes . 
  it 's time for freedom of expression in the uk . 
  if i recall correctly , the difference between country and nation is that country refers to the land , whereas nation refers to the people . 
  in 2009 , 90 % voted yes on a non-binding referendum about separating spain and catalonia in barcelona . 
  less than 25 % of the people allowed to vote had voted though . 
  in other catalan cities referenda led to similar results . 
  does n't that mean the same , because catalonia must separate from spain before becoming a nation ? 
   countvontroll, 
  after the strong person walks away , the poor will say : what an asshole . 
  if people are discontent enough , they 'll eventually turn against the strong who walk away . 
  our lives are still comfortable enough to not care about it , just wait till you ca n't eat every day or lose your house . 
  you 'll grow angrier by the day . 
  make the burden too light and the poor will break both shoulders eventually . 
  the strongest shoulders must carry the heaviest burdens . 
  if the economy goes flat , eventually the rich will end up poor , and in the case of a revolution the old ruling class is often attacked first . 
  yes , i can understand ; some southern dialects in the netherlands are closer to german than dutch . 
  i was joking about all three languages being mutually intellegible , which a norwegian friend told me . 
  i did n't know swedish was more different , til . 
  why are n't the two of you swept under sweden , then ? 
  mob justice ? 
  edit : also , here 's some extra information from a [ dutch article ] ( http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/2916062/tuig-heeft-huisgehouden-in-haren.html ) : the riots were not only aggressive against the police , but also firefighters and ambulance drivers . 
  even if you ca n't stand the police , i hope you agree that at least the firefighters and ambulance drivers should be able to do their job with being threatened . 
  another important aspect is that a part of the crowd came to haren especially to have a big riot . 
  according to the police , the riots were caused by this crowd , not the people who actually came to party . 
  if there had n't been any police , things would probably have been worse because the riots were planned in advance ; the response would have been too slow after things had inevitably gotten out of hand . 
  yes , but when 30.000 people in a village are partying , you 're just waiting till someone becomes violently drunk or another dangerous situation happens . 
  getting the police involved was required . 
  the girl invited people on facebook , it went viral and 30.000 responded to the invitation . 
  getting the police involved was absolutely required for this not to escalate further , in my opinion . 
  some student associations in the netherlands also haze their new members , but i do n't think letting people lick cream from a body would be allowed by the doctor who has to approve the hazing program .
