  public education seems to be pretty shitty in the us , and colleges are retardedly expensive . 
  i 'm not too amazed . 
  it 's a problem of the people , not the system . 
  it 's not news : tuesday 09 july 2013, 
   that those people are `` wrong '' is an understatement . 
  it 's closer to `` fucking deluded '' . 
  this is what happens when you take the daily mail seriously . 
  what does the rest of the tweet translate to ? 
  without knowing the context , it might as well be a typo because m and k are next to each other on my keyboard . 
  we ca n't vote for them , so i do n't have a problem with that . 
  this is / r/europe , most people here have learned the british spelling of words in school . 
  it 's easy to forget just how large some countries are . 
  mexico is roughly a third of the size of the entire european union , and india is twice as large as mexico . 
  there 's plenty of incredible generalizations in europe about the us and americans , as well . 
  i honestly would n't be amazed if there 's plenty of horse meat in american food , never noticed due to less stringent regulations . 
   yeah , let 's all pretend that all american apples are poisonous and it has nothing to do with local farmers lobby . 
  yes , because the ammount of apples imported from the us to europe is pretty damn insignificant . 
  it has to do with the ( over ) use of dangerous pesticides , that 's all there 's to it . 
   i thought reddit was about encouraging debate . 
  humans do n't work that way , though . 
  the problem was that there 's too much chemicals in horses because they are n't bred for consumption , not that it is n't safe to eat in general . 
  so , the story really is n't that different from this apple story , europe simply has higher standards than the us when it comes to food safety . 
  yeah , it 's no different with the dutch pvv . 
  their entire eu party program revolves around : the eu sucks , the euro sucks , if we get out of the eu the netherlands will be a utopia . 
  and then stupid people vote for them , because they do n't know that more than 1.5 million dutchmen have a job thanks to export to other eu countries , and that those country would be doing a lot less business with us if we leave the eu . 
  it frustrates me again and again . 
  the problem i have with ideology is that it ignores the actual problems at hand . 
  it is just the application of overly simplified principles which they believe must always lead to the right answer . 
   the ` no ' vote follows a trend by ukip to go against any vote that could potentially expand european legislative power . 
  i hate this ideological bullshit . 
  tesla patented a new battery last year , according to [ this article ] ( http://inhabitat.com/telsa-patents-electric-car-battery-that-gets-400-miles-on-a-single-charge/ ) it should be able to get 400 miles , 643 km , out of a single charge . 
  however , the current generation 300 mile battery already needs more than 10 hours to charge ( [ source ] ( http://www.teslamotors.com/goelectric#charging ) ) . 
  also , in the first article i linked , the last sentence talks about the only , but very important , downside :  the only potential downside is that frequent long-distance travel would wear down the battery quickly for anyone who travels often . 
  `` we 're all slavic , so we need a scapegoat who is n't ... the jews ! '', 
  nah , they have their own ways to waste time they should be working, 
  oh no , i ca n't handle all the freedoms in your comment, 
  [ i disagree ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwcl17q0bpk ), 
  i expect that the governments of all countries employ people to shape online conversations . 
  i wish there were a solution for politicians preying on people 's ignorance . 
  it 's his patronym ( vladimir son of vladimir ) . 
  they do n't , that 's why they try to pull england away from europe and across the pond ( politically speaking ), 
  had n't you heard ? 
  canada annexed the us last night , you 're finally free !, 
  i was talking about american work ethics some time ago with my neighbour , who was coo of a nasdaq company a few years ago . 
  he nicely summarized the difference between working in europe and the us as : in the us , it 's not about doing a lot of work or the quality of it , but it 's about working as much time as you possibly can , showing you * care * about the company . 
  you 're right , of course , but the nationalistic idea is usually not just that the country is better based on those arguments , but that it 's better because its people are better . 
  a lot of horrible stuff has been justified with the latter . 
  thank you . 
  i think there 's nothing wrong with being proud of your country , but to say that other countries are inferior to your own is only a recipe for disaster . 
   facebook ? 
  * v kontakti, 
  downvote all his comments on reddit !, 
  you 'll have to sign a number of forms . 
  `` oooh , wo n't anyone * please * think of our huge profit margins on roaming charges '', 
  i spent a few months in melbourne , renting a 10m ^ 2 room is as expensive as many 50-70m ^ 2 apartments in the netherlands . 
  no , we have n't , tensions are still enormous in the ukraine . 
  til there 's a city in moldova called bender, 
  many ukrainian athletes have already made quite clear that they 're on the protestors ' side, 
  it is in this case , because the ukrainian government considers the protestors to be terrorists . 
  i 'm pretty sure that a muslim american mourning the deaths of islamic terrorists is also frowned upon in the us . 
  blame ca ... norway !, 
  hey now , we need a language you do n't speak to call you names when you 're acting like a bunch of teringlijers , 
  unless you want to watch internet porn . 
  are you really implying that not a single part of the billions of dollars invested by the russian government was used for building accommodation ? 
   the russian government provided nearly 327 billion roubles ( about us$ 10 billion ) for the total development , expansion and hosting of the games, 
  if only we could send them all to camps, 
   jeg kan ` ke h\u00d8re that 's too damn similar to `` you cancer whore '' in dutch, 
  the problem with your argument is that , in practice , a lot of stuff you learn in school is n't particularly useful after graduating . 
  it 's also easier to learn languages when you 're young , online translators usually suck , and being bilingual has been linked to a number of cognitive benefits . 
  let 's be honest , roaming charges are often complete bullshit . 
  i see no reason why i should pay more when i 'm using my provider 's network in another country . 
  i 'm pretty sure that rolling out 4g in multiple countries by an international operator can be more profitable , considering it would be a single large project , compared to several relatively small projects . 
  never mind that every dutch kid wants to be a zwarte piet when ( s ) he grows up ... 
  well , i know [ one of putin 's daughters is presumably in a relationship with a dutchman ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/spokesman-denies-putin-wanted-to-visit-daughter-in-dutch-village/478338.html ) , so there 's * that * ... 
   since i 'm still unable to make proper documents ( since ussr fall ) could you explain how the collapse of the ussr made you unable to get the required documents ? 
  when i was in russia a few years ago , i visited several universities and leaving the country seems to be the goal for many students . 
  no , just hit install res and ignore him . 
  negative attention is still attention . 
  so wait , you speak dutch ( i assume ) , english , finnish and swedish ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  i was hoping german kotzen would mean the same as dutch kotsen , 
  because the appeal to tradition is a fallacy : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeal_to_tradition saying europe has a history of anti-semitism is n't wrong , but it completely unrelated to the problem at hand . 
  i 'm against unnecessary mutilation without consent in * any * case , not just in religious cases . 
  oh right , play the antisemitism-card ... 
  understand that resorting to that flimsy reasoning makes me think that you really have no better argument for mgm than `` the jews have been doing it for thousands of years . '', 
  arguing that it 's tradition is a crap argument , because by the same reasoning slavery is ok ; people have done it for thousands of years , my religion teaches it 's acceptacle as well , hence we should not have a problem with the practice . 
  that 's their problem , we need n't accept genital mutilation because it 's important to jews . 
  that 's basically the result of the separation of ( any ) church and state here . 
  we do n't want to stop the practice because we hate jews , we want to stop it because we 're starting to understand that it goes the right of any person not to have his body mutilated without his or her consent . 
  by the same argument , i think it 's wrong of parents to have their baby 's ears pierced . 
   the highest authority in rabbinic judaism are the rabbis who interpret the torah . 
  rabbis made things like stoning or slavery basically illegal ( even if sanctioned by the literal word of the torah ) . 
  great . 
  then they can interpret this as god 's message to stop mutilating newborn boys . 
  the bible is full of silly laws , sharia law is n't welcome either . 
  both must be followed to the letter by true believers , though . 
  oh wait , that 's not right , because most believers also think those parts should be ignored nowadays . 
  yes it does , it 's pretty much bullshit germans ca n't be critical of something which only the very elderly have been involved in . 
  most cases of female circumcision do n't go that far in the first place , usually it 's just s puncture of the clitoral hood . 
  he has n't switched between male and female several times ; a sex change requires multiple operations .
