  burqas were never a big deal until terrorism , then it 's suddenly `` but we ca n't see your face , just like a motorcycle helmet ! '', 
  hmhm , it 's not a big deal until some fundies attack , then it 's suddenly unacceptable . 
  ca n't say it 's because you 're afraid of them , so complain about being unable to see someone 's face . 
  and most would feel just that , uncomfortable . 
  do you want to ban motorcycle helmets because they make you feel awkward when you see someone wearing one if they are n't sitting on a motorcycle ? 
  yes , be afraid everyone !, 
  be so afraid of muslims that anyone wearing a burqa makes you fear for your safety . 
  edit : the terrorists have been successful , i see :'), 
  there 's no need for insults . 
  note that if you 're planning to go to europe to study but not european yourself , you have to pay tuition more or less comparable to the us . 
  in a sense , it 's not that weird , because eastern germany used to be a part of the ussr , while all major english-speaking countries are nato members . 
  similarly , angela merkel can speak russian because she had to learn it in school in the ddr . 
  no , just someone who rolls his eyes every time i read on of your comments . 
  because i 'm only annoying you , you 're annoying in general . 
  why do n't you go annoy people in another subreddit ? 
  the truth does n't matter , only what you can make the public believe . 
  most people in those programs decide to live with their parents again , not everyone is able to make that choice . 
  any temp agency can get you a job , but you wo n't gain any relevant job experience in the area your studied ; those ` jobs ' go to people who have parents that can support them . 
  i do n't consider it unreasonable that students and recent graduates who are affected the most by those programs are angry about that . 
  that does n't change that you wo n't really be able to survive on that wage here in the netherlands . 
  if you ca n't ask your parents to support you while you 're paid so little , you 'll end up with the gap ( at least in your area of expertise ) in your cv due to being unable to take the job . 
  as a result , children from rich families gain an unfair advantage . 
  the problem is that being hired as an intern when you 've already graduated is technically illegal in the netherlands . 
  they 're employees , treated and paid as interns . 
  do n't forget recent graduates are hired to work at * arbeidservaringsplaatsen * ( job experience workplaces ) , being paid at most a few hundred euros per month for a full time job ... 
  just a little bit of anschluss . 
  username checks out . 
  it 's a terrible action , of course , but what do you propose we do ? 
  fact of the matter is that many refugees are heavily traumatized , you can not expect things to go well without professional help . 
  you also can not lock up every refugee who has made it to europe , because that 's inhumane as well . 
  mentally ill people can be extremely dangerous , but many of them can be helped . 
  not by you or me , but by a professional . 
  i 'm not a psychiatrist , are you ? 
  i disagree , there 's a significant difference in my opinion . 
  these refugees are traumatized , you do n't know what they 're capable of , but if the attack is not motivated by support for terrorism but by a sense of absolute hopelessness , the issue is much more tangible . 
  if you support isis because europe is evil in your opinion , it 's a much bigger problem than attacking because you see no other way . 
  hopelessness can be dealt with , religiously fueled hate less so . 
  the problem is that you can not choose if people like the attacker come here : they are here already . 
  we can discuss whether or not we should let him stay ( no , of course not ) , but that 's meaningless , he was to be thrown out . 
  the only thing we can do is to make sure as few people like this attacker are convinced to go out with a bang . 
  honestly , i 'm not 100 % sure if he was * actually * allied with isis . 
  from what i 've read so far , the attacker seems depressed , so i think it 's unreasonable to discount an act of hopelessness . 
  `` germany wo n't help me ? 
  fuck them , i have nothing left to live for . 
  let them face * my * reality . '', 
  at the same time , isis will gladly corroborate , hoping for more chaos in europe . 
  i 'm talking about the no shitting/walking in the showers signs , not rape ... 
   the mostly unproven accusations , listed in a research paper published by new york 's columbia university according to the guardian . 
  oh look , there 's a new troll on this subreddit . 
  edit : seriously , show me proof that erdogan supports isis . 
  erdogan 's favourite books ? 
  the quran and pissing off the rest of the nato for dummies . 
  i 've seen posts on reddit asking the same of american college students, 
  except that clinton is n't exactly deserving of a nomination either . 
  the correct title is supreme space lizard . 
  ok , no access to the single market for you . 
  the uk can come back , if the one-foot-in , one-foot-out approach to the eu is over . 
  no more special treatment . 
  and we 've moved amsterdam to enkhuizen . 
  but that 's kind of what 's going on here , right ? 
  this woman is being harassed purely for not being english . 
  even her `` friends '' tell her they do n't want to see her again , as if their hidden racist beliefs are suddenly vindicated or they face harassment themselves for hanging out with foreigners . 
  so if you go to england and people tell you to fuck off back to poland when they notice you speak english with an accent , that 's fine in your eyes ? 
  pvv is currently the only party that supports a nexit referendum , even the europe-critical socialist party does not support it . 
  if they started talking about workable solutions , they 'd lose all support because the easy solutions their electorate wants do not exist . 
  got ta abuse the perks you can get while you can , right ? 
  they 've made their bed , now they 've got to sleep in it for a while . 
  let them come back in a few years when their economy has stabilised . 
  * a lot, 
  `` oh , stop your whining , kids in africa are off much worse than you are '', 
  yes , we should just have shrugged about the instability the brexit is causing . 
  and it 's not something most people will care about , at all . 
  look a bit closer at the image you 've linked . 
  precisely , people do n't know what sharia law even is , and just expect it to be full of horrible abuse because their friends on facebook told them so . 
   libertarian bless your heart is what the americans say , right ? 
  exactly . 
  there is zero state-sponsored hacking by russians . 
  just get rid of the non-whites . 
  that 's what they * actually * want , right ? 
  because forests are just there for looking nice to tree-cuddlers . 
  money has to be made !, 
  nah , it 's a sex thing . 
  it always is . 
  vroom vroom , motherfucker . 
  no , it 's about children having become much more likely to survive their childhood thanks to vaccinations . 
  that started around the beginning of the 19th century . 
  vaccinate their children ? 
  what a weird habit . 
  hell , i do n't think i 've been able to tell from the beginning . 
  please , someone oppress us !, 
  `` use our app !, 
  it 's better '' why is it better ? 
  because you 're unable to successfully upload a photo and can be annoyed with stupid popup messages and ads !, 
   women that 's the magical word , probably ... 
  yeah , hitler thought of the dutch as a `` sibling people '' of the german people , and as such had to be won over to national-socialism . 
  according to a turkish law his party passed , he 's not even allowed to campaign abroad . 
  i guess it was just intended for g\u00fclen ... 
  do n't forget funding the ira, 
  no , they 're not . 
  it has probably been normal practice since email was first introduced .
