  it 's funny how one small mistake can show someone does n't really know what he 's talking about . 
  no different from the fundamentalist christians in my area who refuse to vaccinate their children and only have a tv to watch the news and weather . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  played fair ? 
  as president , he 's legally not allowed to promote a party ... 
  there 's no reason to be intolerant of lgbt , except being childish or being unable to accept your own sexuality . 
   if there is one organisation i hate more than lgbt, 
  you hate lgbt ? 
  well , you can just fuck off if that 's the case , 
   and the us had no us and eu to tell fdr what ? 
  there 's no greater argument against democracy than a five-minute conversation with the average voter . 
  this feels stupid . 
  you chose representatives because we simply do n't have the time to research all political issues . 
  letting everyone vote directly will mean even more people are voting without having a stronger opinion than `` this kinda feels like the right choice . '', 
   and there is no irregular verb in french . 
  only 3rd type ones :p the same is true for many irregular verbs in german ( and dutch ) . 
  `` thank you england , for your fucked-up voting system that is keeping ukip away from power '' let the flame war begin !, 
  but what purpose would his death serve ? 
  good . 
  the death penalty is nothing but a barbaric and populistic punishment , and should remain in the past . 
  not simply less , but eat healthier . 
  too bad many people do n't take others who have n't even mastered primary school-level skills seriously , eh ? 
  sure . 
  why do n't you try verifying that hypothesis the next time you have an english test in school . 
  i 'm sure your teacher will agree with you and give you full marks regardless of what you have actually written down . 
  did you see that pretty union jack next to his username ? 
  also , the your/you 're its/it 's - errors are typical errors made by native speakers . 
   it 's self-perception of it 's place in the world , it 's history , it 's sovereign defence needs as well as it 's commitment to it 's potential for the projection of force internationally * cringe * dude , * grammar * !, 
  i do n't know what part of the country you 're from , but i have to say that there 've been multiple recent cases of people attacking homosexuals in the area i grew up in . 
  only homosexual men , of course ... that shit 's so fucking depressing . 
  i 'll have you know i 've fought countless battles from that couch !, 
  sometimes i died several times before i was able to defeat my enemies . 
  exactly . 
  there was a chapter about islam in my history text book the first year of high school , but we skipped it . 
  damn right . 
  i 'll pay for a fair deal , not this . 
  it has a bell , next to the front light . 
  at least the representatives will generally have spent more time considering their opinion , after all , that 's their job . 
  the system is n't perfect , far from it , but at least it works as a basic filter . 
  that 's why i do n't support populist politicians , who i feel tend to just represent those unfiltered opinions . 
  and then they 're paid to study these issues and vote on them in our place , because most people do n't want to . 
  if you do n't like the current policy of the party you 've voted for , vote for someone else in the future . 
  dat iedereen er een `` eu - yay or nay ? '', 
  i really hope we 'll have less of them . 
  matters like this are supposed to be handled by our elected representatives , not the fickle emotions of the people . 
  thanks for helping improve this sub which has gone too far down the shitter . 
  belgians are stupid , just like they joke about the dutch being extreme cheapskates . 
  well , we have this running joke here in the netherlands ... 
  but on a more serious note , i do n't have a clue . 
  maybe it was only a rumour , and as a reaction ( `` we 'd better attack before they catch us '' ) currently planned attacks were carried out today . 
  possibly , he admitted he was willing to share information iirc . 
  their latest cd , diskovibrator , is pretty sweet . 
  [ that reminds me of this finnish song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qr24eotgpxi ), 
  the problem of nationalism is that it 's easier to claim the horrors you committed were justified , because you 're better than everyone else . 
   first , silent letters can have etymological value . 
  by dropping them , you 're losing these links to the language 's history , but also between words themselves , making the language harder to learn in the end . 
  but if you natively speak a language , you 're usually not aware of its structure if you 've never studied it . 
  i have no idea how strongly modern language education affects the rate at which a language changes , but i feel it does n't make a huge difference . 
  my youngest brother is 9 years younger than i am , and he 's using plenty of words and phrases i 've never heard before . 
  that difference will only get bigger , and when i 'm old there will be plenty people my age complaining kids do n't even know how to speak dutch anymore . 
  just like thew words and pronunciation shift , grammatical rules change as well . 
  my local dialect preserves several elements that standard dutch has lost , or never had at all . 
  there was a pretty significant effort to reintroduce the case system in written dutch , too ; it was removed in 1934 , despite the fact that no dutch dialect had used a case system since the 1700 's . 
  the only reason the written language got it back for a while was because there used to be one in earlier forms of dutch . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.vanoostendorp.nl/linguist/sijs.html ) trying for several decades did n't return cases to the dutch language . 
  forcing people to use archaic spelling rules wo n't stop the language from changing , either . 
  it just makes writing more confusing and difficult in the long run . 
  i think it was one of the first things i 'd learned during french class , when we were still talking about what the accents mean for the pronunciation of different vowels . 
  okay , so what do you propose ? 
  camera 's on every street corner ? 
  sure buddy . 
  go pledge allegiance to a flag and shout about all your freedom so the nsa wo n't put you on a list of unpatriotic muricans . 
  i have no idea what you 've been smoking , but i think you need help . 
  also :  stepan andriyovych bandera ( ukrainian : \u0421\u0442\u0435\u043f\u0430\u043d \u0410\u043d\u0434\u0440\u0456\u0439\u043e\u0432\u0438\u0447 \u0411\u0430\u043d\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0430 ; 1 january 1909 -- 15 october 1959 ) was a ukrainian political activist , leader of the ukrainian nationalist and independence movement . 
  bandera is a controversial historical figure honoured by the contemporary ukrainian nationalist movement and far right organizations such as the right sector [ 1 ] [ 2 ] and at the same time condemned as a murderer by ethnic poles [ 3 ] [ 4 ] and jews . 
  [ 5 ] [ 6 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stepan_bandera, 
   thus , the negative connotation of the notion ` banderivets ' which used to mean a thug , a killer and an enemy of the soviet regime , the connotation that was systematically inculcated throughout the postwar period , now easily transforms into a positive one -- a partisan , a fighter for independence , a freedom-loving person struggling against the soviet authorities . 
  interestingly , the concept of the ` soviet power ' has undergone no change . 
  it has not gone down the drain , it is still etched in minds of the people . 
  [ source ] ( http://euromaidanpress.com/2014/04/25/how-to-turn-an-ordinary-person-into-a-banderivets/ ), 
  * then, 
  we 're talking about turkey . 
  there 's this island called cyprus ... 
  i thought you had linked to an article . 
  you misspelled the upperlands in your flair, 
   best cologne you misspelled keulen . 
  that something is legal or decriminalised , does n't mean it 's socially acceptable to use . 
  for example , most people in the netherlands do n't smoke weed , despite the fact that it 's easily available . 
  one of the main benefits is that drug addicts need help to battle their addiction problem . 
  by having injection rooms , it 's easier to approach the addicts and offer them that help . 
  well , the idea behind a parliamentary democracy is that people elect politicians they feel they can trust to study and vote on complex political issues , so the majority of people ( who have zero or little interest in politics ) do n't have to . 
  the main issue i have with a direct democracy is that many people will vote based on their instincts and emotions , which is n't very stable . 
  but * i * do n't want this , so it 's obviously undemocratic . 
  `` treat us better than those other people who 've created jobs or we 'll leave and let you deal with the resulting unemployment . '', 
  the line between threats and business is a fine one ... 
  if they cared so much about the result , they should have voted . 
  no vote means a vote for `` do whatever , i do n't care . '', 
  source ? 
  i think it 's mostly fear that has been growing these past 15 years .
