  this is just another typically german rule , in my opinion . 
  `` these drones could be carrying nuclear weapons . 
  surrender to your brand now american overlords today , * or else * . '', 
  because people regard their pension as sacred, 
  wait . 
  waitwaitwait . 
  the article clearly states that the security guards were n't hired by amazon itself , i think we should know more about the guard 's reasoning before jumping to conclusions . 
  unless you have another source , of course . 
  i will ask you again . 
  are you being serious ? 
  are you being serious ? 
  if every unemployed person commuted suicide , germans would be as happy as after signing the versailles treaty . 
  ah , de speld , the onion of the netherlands, 
  the money is invested in a promising area of science . 
  the investment will create new jobs , and even if graphene is not the wonderful material people expect it to be , i think a lot of scientific progress in other important areas can be made based on this research . 
  ( physics grad student ) also , 1 billion usd is about 0,4 % of the annual dutch national budget . 
  it seems like a lot of money , but , as an example , apple 's worth decreased by about 50 times that sum of money over the course of a few days . 
  economics is weird . 
  it might be intended as a throwaway-account . 
  registering a new account here is almost as fast as logging in . 
  and have you ever considered that by not trusting muslims , not hiring them and being racist pricks to them that we cause and amplify problems we have with them ? 
  a large and economically important country wants another large and economically important country to not leave a union which strengthens international trade . 
  oh wow , i would have never expected that ... 
  sometimes i think americans call other countries threats to their peace , because they 're already planning an attack on those countries . 
  you miss my point entirely . 
  i 'm talking about dutch people living in belgium , because life is cheaper and the schools are better , though the dutch still work in the netherlands . 
  hate the game , not the player . 
  google is a company , a company wants to maximaze its profits and would be mad to pay more taxes than they should . 
   yes , french workers are going to move across the border and commute to work in france to dodge taxes/s . 
  sounds like the dutch-belgian border to me . 
  saying all muslims hate homosexuality is as generalizing as saying none of them hate it . 
  also , if you had asked europeans 60 years ago about their opinion on homosexuality you would have gotten the same answer as muslims today . 
  i do n't believe we 're somehow naturally morally superior to muslims , all i believe is that time and education are needed to change their opinions on some subjects of which their knowledge is only based on tradition . 
  it worked in europe once , why not twice ? 
  you need some education because you use generalizations as arguments , they 're not . 
  muslim scholars are likely to be the most devout muslims out there , it 's like saying every catholic is against premarital sex because the pope is . 
  i do agree that there 's more discrimination against gays from non-western immigrants , but that 's ( once again ) caused by a lack of education . 
  the bible also says being gay is a sin and punishable by death , but we have learned that homosexuality is perfectly normal without banning christianity . 
  wow , just wow . 
  you need some education . 
  the netherlands have a similar tier system and the second lowest unemployment rate . 
  there might be a lot to say for it , bit i 'm no expert either . 
  there are over 10 million people living in greece , but sure , you know how all of their minds work because you 've visited once . 
  oh , you 've * visited * ? 
  that definitely means you 're incredibly knowledgeable on the subject ... 
  that 's true , but over in / r/physics people are taking it more seriously than usual because of related , and more certain , results . 
  statistics without context are just numbers . 
  exactly . 
  politics is the ` art ' of what seems , not what is . 
  australians , too . 
  the number of times that i 've heard `` the netherlands ? 
  i love scandinavia/denmark ! '', 
  is astounding, 
  53rd ftfy, 
  santa claus is a commie !, 
  you should know many people talk the same way about the polish in the netherlands . 
  you come here taking jobs away from honest , hard-working dutch people , you drink too much and drive like idiots , the list goes on . 
  plenty people believe every pole is a criminal . 
  it 's as true about non-eu immigrants as it is about the polish . 
  why ? 
  look at it from our perspective . 
  you frequent subreddits that support the rhetoric you 're now joking about . 
  to me , that casts doubt on whether or not you 're actually joking , or just backpedaling . 
  well , it kind of is . 
   spain also recently raised the minimum age for consent to sexual relations from 13 to 16 . 
  lol , like that 's going to make a difference . 
  it works , thanks, 
   error generating thumbnail  the specified thumbnail parameters are not recognized . 
  beautiful, 
  acknowledging your flaws is the first step to improving yourself . 
   let 's use the greek word for that terror ? 
  that 's not a greek word . 
  many people are unaware of how credible different sources are , so this warning helps combat low-quality content . 
  this is a large subreddit , moderation is necessary or the content will just pander to the lowest common denominator . 
  telling people how they should vote does n't work . 
  most of the users will only read the title , some will read the actual article , and then an even smaller set of those people will vote based on their opinion with supporting arguments rather than feels . 
  reminds me of my favourite bible quote ; `` i am the alpha and the goddamn boobs '', 
  i 've been to russia , met a lot of good people there ( with the dream to leave the country as soon as they get the chance ) politically , they always seem like two sides of the same coin to me . 
  ah , the usa , our side 's russia ... 
  yeah , my 80 % - remark is based on my family tree . 
  regardless how rich a particular branch was a century ago , about 80 % of the children died within a few years . 
  should i also accept homophobia and genital mutilation ? 
  if i wanted to die why should i care about your opinion ? 
  why do i need to take other people 's belief in fairy tales into account ? 
  plus , it 's euthanasia . 
  the request will only be honoured if my life will be nothing but suffering till the day i die . 
  people forcing their religious beliefs on others . 
  not allowing euthanasia because of some people 's beliefs is stupid, 
  i agree . 
  in practice , there are limits to every freedom . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with telling these people not vaccinating their kids poses a too large risk to public health and will no longer be accepted . 
  geert wilders , the eternal attention whore ... 
  my dad 's a doctor in the dutch bible belt . 
  he has had patients who refused vaccinations , because that was not how god intended it . 
  fuck these idiots , do they really want 80 % of all children to die during childhood again ? 
  why should their outdated beliefs dictate how i live my life ? 
  we 're so good at english , we skip some words to add some challenge to using the language . 
  maybe we 'll get the same thing they have in south korea , you have to identify yourself before being able to use the internet ... 
  or the literacy comment ; japan has a 99 % literacy rate . 
  militants aligned with front national burned cars for political gain .
