how can you see me ? 
  uk here . 
  do i bother applying for immigration there ? 
  granted i 'd study the language if i had a chance . 
  yes . 
  the british immigration process is long , painful , and expensive . 
  but people are granted visas * every day * . 
  would i be welcome there ? 
  or will i be an outcast ? 
  are people generally welcoming ? 
  generally , if you stick to the cities , you 'll be alright . 
  also , london 's default is ignoring each other , so yes but not because you 're a migrant . 
  is europe `` closed '' ? 
  ( i 've heard that from several people ) no chance . 
  quite the opposite really . 
  w.e has a declining birthrate and an aging population . 
  places like the uk , france , and germany are looking down the barrel of a major employment crisis that can only be solved by taking in more graduate aged migrants . 
  germany has the right idea in response to this employment crisis , the uk is still , woefully , holding onto the idea that there 's a glut of highly skilled but unemployed british workers just waiting for their chance . 
  are there any countries accepting immigrants ? 
  [ here 's a list of the uk 's shortage professions ] ( http://www.visabureau.com/uk/shortage-occupations-list.aspx ) . 
  if you 're qualified in one of them you 'll find the visa process a lot easier . 
  every country has such a list somewhere . 
  whilst smoking, 
  their ability to ride mopeds . 
  did you not read the `` to you '' at the end of the question ? 
  it 's all about personal experience . 
  even if it was n't , how would you go about quantifying and measuring a nations levels of arrogance ? 
  there will be no `` facts '' in any of the posts here . 
  ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ my ^ ^ ^ point . 
  reasons the french are considered arrogant : * they refuse to speak anything but french . 
  * the look down on anyone not from france . 
  now , as an english ... 
  do you want something more specific than `` the germans i dealt with were always alternative and unorganized , and they strongly favoured ` german ' solutions over ` british ' ones . 
  even if the german solutions wanted time and money '' ? 
  because anything more specific than that and i 'd be giving out more information about myself and my previous work than i 'm comfortable with . 
  an expertly crafted lie . 
  in my experience they 're always late , never prepared , and will willingly waste money pushing their ideas over an outside one . 
  the germans . 
  * as a brit , you 'd think i 'd say the french . 
  but they 're too similar to ourselves and it 'd be hypocritical to tar them with our brush . 
  * one thing that my professional dealings with germany have told me , though , is that there 's two approaches to any situation : 1 . 
  the incorrect way . 
  the `` german '' way . 
  it does n't matter that their way is less efficient , more costly , and outdated . 
  it being their plan is all that matters . 
  every time . 
  turkish men - it 's all in the moustache + no beard combo . 
  americans - bright white trainers . 
  preferably paired with bright white socks and cargo shorts . 
  also , based on my time in fitzrovia : nerdy asians - chinese . 
  cool asians - japanese . 
  asian woman in leopard print - thai . 
  well , we ai n't been doing all that inbreeding for nothing !, 
  it 's almost , but not quite , about where south korea is . 
  they do push the stereotype that we 're a nation of antisocial weirdos who are moments away from bursting into ugly tears the moment a stranger talks to us or at some minor social faux pas . 
  they have more money than bb , basically . 
  they run on the idea of [ inflammatory headline to sell papers ] then , when they 're punished print a retraction on page 13 . 
  their gamble is that they 'd made enough money selling papers off of the back of their shocking headline to offset any damages from breaking the code of conduct . 
  because the most vocal brexit supporters were championing brexit using vague , but clearly xenophobic , talking points . 
  ukip 's `` breaking point '' poster ( which was heavily `` inspired '' by nazi propaganda ) is the first that springs to mind . 
  that combined with the rise in xenophobic hate crimes after the result ( like posting notes with `` get out polish rats '' to school children ) drowned out any chance of a rational debate . 
  anyone who thinks the british love queuing have never visited the underground . 
  there are no laws underground . 
  where i 'm from , you 're more likely to see [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/nryva6j ) flag . 
  ah ok , i was under the impression that malm\u00f6 has been quite bad for a while now . 
  that said , certain websites will have you believe that i live in the most violent city in the world . 
  so i suppose that i should 've taken the malm\u00f6 claims with a pinch of salt . 
  there 's a * northern * ireland ?? 
  if i have to be put through another american lecturing me about how i , a white man , is in the minority group in london , the city i live in , i 'm going to go spare . 
  also that antisocial twat hiding out in his mum 's battersea flat does n't help matters much . 
  but i guess spreading bullshit is a boomtown at the moment . 
   unfortunately they get this idea from sites like breitbart and milo yiannopoulos let 's talk milo . 
  milo used to work for breitbartuk , but bbuk found out it needed to abide by the press laws of the uk . 
  which means not printing outright lies and lible . 
  in response to this , milo moved to breitbartus . 
  which i 'm sure is a complete coincidence . 
  iirc malm\u00f6 is one of the most dangerous cities in europe . 
  and you do n't get that crown overnight . 
  i 'm disappointed in the amount of ukzns who 've forgotten about [ harold shipman ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/harold_shipman ) . 
  he is responsible for * at least * 250 murders ( and , since he committed suicide in prison , the true figure will never be known . 
  but it could be a lot higher ) and is the most prolific serial killer in history . 
  certainly puts saucy jack to shame . 
   come on eileen by dexys midnight runners oh-oh-oh geno !, 
  candy man , cartoon heroes . 
  aqua were a hit factory for the year or so they were famous . 
  does n't ring a bell . 
  but , that said , i heard all the things she said so much i fear it 's overwritten a significant portion of my memories from that time with all the things she said all the things she said running through my head running through my head running through my head . 
  seriously ? 
  all we got was all the things she said . 
  what about tatu ? 
  what do you lads consider a late train ? 
  something like [ this ? 
  if we bend to their whims , it means british people would be a priority target for kidnappers in the future . 
  it 's an incredibly hard decision but it 's one that needs to be made to ensure the safety of other british people . 
  we 've had a couple of mass shootings ( but , as you said , it 's less than 5 ) , but dunblane is the only school shooting we 've had iirc . 
   there has n't been one in a school in about 20 years . 
  and that one was the only one we 've had . 
  there 's also `` stop , drop , and roll '' but that does n't mean we have widespread being in fire drills . 
  also world domination via low quality furniture . 
  the fact that , in response to a major terror attack on our soil , we ( as a country ) decided to watch four lions .
