  arvanitika are mostly spoken in northern greece due to the large numbers of arvanites there.not at all in attica or corinth . 
  lol man.bosnians can say the same thing about us.we 're evenly matched . 
  alright calm down, 
  it depends . 
  if you 're a fan of the roman era , buy rome ii or attila, 
  if you 're a fan of the medieval era , buy medieval 2 ( though it 's kinda old and also `` old fashioned '' , but it 's one of my favorites ), 
  if you 're interested in the renaissance , buy empire or napoleon, 
  and there 's shogun 2 and it 's awesome expansion fall of the samurai , both are focused in japan . 
  hell no . 
  at 16 i decided to leave my parents house to live in the city.i was brought up in a village , so spending my teenager years in a village of 100 people was something i just could n't do man.it was a hard decision for them but in the end they allowed me to do as i pleased and rented me a house there.i was obviously financially dependent on them . 
  turkey supports the name `` macedonia '' actually . 
  i 'm greek and i do n't care if they want to call themselves macedonians.they have the right to do this , since a northern part of ancient macedon belongs to them now.that naming dispute is ridiculously stupid too.greek politicians better do something to fix their errors than try to decide what name fits our northern neighbor . 
  i guess you met diaspora greeks right ? 
  ( i 'm not saying greeks at greece have different opinions ) . diaspora greeks tend to be ridiculously patriotic and may i say , stupid.since they do n't go to a greek school , they get their greek history from their grandparents or even worst , youtube or tv.you see my friend , greek media go really wild on that matter.so if a 10 year old , overhears that `` a slavic neighbor claims to be descendants of alexander the great '' , the kid will see it in a really negative way since alexander is still `` worshipped '' here.that kid will grow up and start to really dislike fyrom ( or macedonia ) , so whenever he hears about you , yeah he might lose his shit.trust me , that 's 100 % the fault on greek media and maybe our fucked up educational system.people should take it more lightly . 
  actually though i find it flattering that you guys named your airport after a greek general.peace and love my friend, 
  he is going to be betrayed anyway at mid-game, 
  along with what fellow redditors told you , you should find a way to colonize india , it is full of riches and the only europeans there are the dutch and the portuguese ( for now i suppose ) . the mughals are kinda weakened so attack them first . 
  also try sending trade ships to the trade marks around the map . 
  no man it 's definitely not late but you need to worry about the marathas : if they control almost all of india it 's going to be difficult.they can raise really huge armies , maybe 4-5 full stacks in india alone ( they tend to march to the middle east and the ottoman empire sometimes ) . 
  of course another option is the american continent , things are going to be easier there if you can take some pirate and native settlements . 
  i 'm playing as england . 
  i 'm really determined to vanish these guys , always blockading my ports . 
  ohh so no heavy infantry?this is going to be interesting.are dismounted english knights more effective than spearmen against cavalry ? 
  thanks, 
  thanks for helping , but if they decide to smash their cavalry onto my archers ? 
  so that 's the guy who was responsible for the deaths of millions of algerians ? 
  nice.i will face them soon enough . 
  they are more greek than you.you are actually not greek at all . 
  a muslim man of turkish descent in greece :, 
  a : is born in greece \u2705, 
  b : is raised in greece \u2705, 
  c : speaks greek as his first language \u2705, 
  you :, 
  a : born in greece : nooooope \u274c, 
  b : raised in greece : nooooooope \u274c, 
  c : speak greek : nooooooooooooope \u274c, 
  what happened in the past is past.one day i hope you understand that . 
  they can identify both greek and turkish , the same way you identify as american and greek , even when you do n't speak greek , at least they speak turkish . 
  be honest and show them that you care about them , but actually do care , do n't pretend . 
  air fighter game lit af kebab is in trouble do n't pretend to know about war if you dont know our planes, 
  i did n't knew pigs go to school, 
  better get some submarines, 
  that 's some really good news, 
  this is going to become a meme here and i love it, 
  yes.the host was obliged to open his gates to literally anyone who knocked the door.the thing goes like this : a beggar knocks on a door , the host opens and he is obliged to serve the beggar food.after they dine , the host asks for the stranger 's name.it was considered rude to ask him his name before serving him food.greeks did n't only saw this as a good deed for a fellow greek , but as a good deed to zeus himself . 
  you will find it interesting if i tell you that this kind of mentality is still going on in greece , but mostly on islands and villages . 
  your comments on r/greece are fucking up your karma.but seriously ... https://youtu.be/azlcdo4wpbs, 
  because romans transferred them from greek to latin and as we all know the romans had conquered pretty much most of the known world and spread many greek words . 
  i want to dance in the club with sexy chicks and when i go to the beach i enjoy to see ass and boobs but sometimes i see men with tight clothes and immediately lose my lust to go to talk to a chick and at the club some men kiss eachother, 
  why stereotypes my friend ? 
  ? no we dont eat frogs please stop being racist, 
  no man im not from america i wanted to post here because i want to make sure you guys dont hate me because im greek and we fought eachother in the past we are brothers now, 
  i love my legionaries and cohorts as rome in rome ii.these bad boys are unbeatable . 
  doing stupid parades like we are in 1930, 
  `` there is a village near austerlitz where people have french names . '', 
  that 's interesting.can you give me some more information about this village?a link or something ? 
  agreed 100 %, 
  no one cares about your heritage.go learn some greek and then come around and tell us about your heritage.you were given citizenship by a corrupt government , nothing to be proud of.and i say that because you do not deserve greek citizenship since you come in greece only for vacation and that 's the only connection you have with your `` heritage '' hahahhahhahaha . 
  so i see you 're talking about anatolian greeks.well even if the majority of them are mixed and do n't have predominantly greek blood or something ( like it even matters ) , they speak greek and most of them live here , unlike you . 
  `` i have an italian nationality and i barely speak the language '', 
  irrelevant but how come ? 
  subbed, 
  first of all , the persians wanted to expand into europe , and greece would seem the first step for such a plan . 
  but the main reason was the ionian revolts.around 550 bc , cyrus i , the emperor of persia , conquered the territory of ionia ( the west coast of modern day turkey ) . the city states established there , were greek , and greeks considered them the most prominent in the greek world actually.the people of ionia were not happy that they had been conquered . 
  around 500 bc , artaphrenes , ruler of the western capital of persia ( sardis ) , met with various leaders of ionia , and made an agreement with them not to attack newly established persian soil.but aristagoras , the ruler of the ionian city miletus , had other ideas , and yearned control of the city of naxus.knowing that artaphrenes would punish him for breaking the agreement , he incited a rebellion.aristagoras also knew that the local greek population would respond positively , and so they did , ousting the persian leaders.he was aware that it would not be long until darius retaliated , so he traveled to sparta and appealed to king cleomenes for aid . 
  when the spartan leader learned of the distance his army would travel to reinforce the ionians , he declined the request for aid . 
  aristagoras was in really bad position and desperate for support.thus , he went to athens for help.the athenians , fearing an inevitable attack by the persians , supported aristagoras with twenty triremes along with five from eretria.then , the greek fleet sailed to ephesus in 498 bc.the allied greek force marched into the city where they met little resistance . 
  as they marched deeper into the city , they finally engaged artaphrenes ( ruler of sardis ) who was defending the citadel . 
  not able to capture the citadel , the ionians set the city ablaze and retreated to ephesus.persian troops in the area met the greeks at ephesus and massacred most of them . 
  the remaining greeks scattered to the surrounding cities . 
  despite the great setback of losing so many men , aristagoras continued his fight against persia.he encouraged more revolts in western asia minor , thrace and cyprus.he sent part of his fleet to aid the cypriots , but the persians thoroughly defeated the cypriot army.darius i decided to attack caria , a city with close ties to miletus , aristagora 's city of command and city that he was born.when the carians learned of this plan , they ambushed the persian army at night and annihilated it . 
  four persian generals died in the battle . 
  although their deaths were a great loss , persia continued to reclaim cities . 
  seeing his rebellion collapsing , aristagoras fled to mycrinus.frustrated with the failed rebellion , he tried to attack the thracians but in time he was cut off and destroyed . 
  after aristagoras left miletus ( where he gave command to pythagoras before fleeing to mycrinus ) , the persian fleet sailed to lade and destroyed the greek fleet defending the city . 
  darius and his army captured miletus in bc 494 . 
  after the city-state fell , the revolts in the persian empire crumbled , due to a lack of leadership.this failed rebellion made greece the next target of the persian empire , since the revolt was supported by mainland greeks too . 
  tl ; dr persians occupy greek lands in asia minor , the greeks are not happy about this and one greek general by the name of aristagoras incited a revolt against the persians backed up by other greeks from mainland greece.the revolt fails , and now persians find the perfect `` excuse '' to invade greece . 
  that birdman reference . . 
  well . . guess what you just did, 
  edit 1 :, 
  if there was n't those hard working albanians that came here and worked their asses off things could have been worse.as a european country we need immigrants.it 's not weird that every major and strong economy in this world has a large amount of immigrants , maybe except japan and south korea . 
  and how the hell albania bothers you?you live in the usa ffs . 
  it depends.there are many greeks who have roots in anatolia , also known as pontic/anatolian greeks.they majority of them are of mixed ancestry so it only makes sense that they 're darker.but besides that , greeks are a mediterranean people , so like italians , spanish and portuguese we can be `` darker '' than your average northern european . 
  `` are you saying britain , germany , etc did not have strong economies prior to these mass immigration trends ? '', 
  cmon man , germany started receiving immigrants after world war ii , before that germany was really fucked up thanks to hitler and his ideas.also after the wwii ended , germany was in a really bad situation and really poor , it was the allies that helped germany become what germany is today , a wonderful country.especially the us helped form what is today 's germany.i do n't know about great britain , but i 'm really sure their strong economy was thanks to exploitation of their colonies . 
  `` someone thinks that they were `` victims '' of the greek nationalism that made them forget and feel ashamed of their roots , someone else thinks that they have, 
  voluntarily denied their roots . '', 
  they indeed were victims of nationalism , there were cases when arvanites and aromanians were told to either stay in greece and stop using their language/customs , or leave.many left.but to greeks arvanites were/are not only `` the guys who may not be so greek '' ( that 's what an idiot would claim ) . they helped a lot during the greek revolution , and some greek revolution heroes were arvanites!for example it is said that [ miaoulis ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/andreas_miaoulis ) could n't even speak greek . 
  yes i have heard about the arbereshe , they 're a different case but it is true that they too came from albania . 
  they did n't said nothing extraordinary , they just were not accepting some facts i stated.for example there is one guy who replied to a comment of mine saying `` til i 'm albanian '' , thus indicating that he is of arvanite descent and what i told him sounded weird.many of them just ca n't accept the fact that the arvanites were originally albanian . 
  you can blame the educational system , you can blame politicians and blah blah blah.i agree that it 's ridiculous . 
  i do n't know what people in general think of her , but she 's speaking the truth, 
  `` complained in strasburg about the fact that 700 albanian speaking villages had no linguistic or cultural rights in greece '', 
  this is my point.they were forcely hellenised and i do n't like that.but you can tell an arvanite from his surname actually , tsekas , kalesis , gkinis are arvanite surnames , yet it seems that the majority of them claim that that have nothing to do with albanians . 
  `` greece has an impressive history of successfully assimilating minorities , albanians , slavs or even vlachs ( which is funny because vlachs in albania form most of what 's known as greek minority ) . 
  other countries could learn a lot from greece . '', 
  yes that 's true , but again , they were forced to assimilate . 
  well , there were many arvanites living in athens and at the outskirts , but definitely not 50 % lol , way lesser.they were albanian speakers too.so he kinda makes sense , except about that acropolis statement though . 
  weeeeoooooo weeeoooo weeeoooo you are being detained boiiiiii for being awake during real redditor hours show me your licence by smashing the muhfucking like button \u2b06 \u2b06 \u2b06 \u2b06 \u2b06,
