  you sound like a redneck . 
  stop it dude . 
  history is history and truth be told the ottoman empire brought greece back to the stone age but modern day turks have nothing to do with this . 
  although some turkish redditors desperately try to justify the ottomans and that 's fucked up, 
  i would n't say ` brothers ' . 
  we have nothing to do with them and i 'm not putting it in a negative way . 
  if there are a people that greeks like a lot that 's italians, 
  it 's not like greece has that many muslims to worry about `` islamization '' . 
  but why are greeks building orthodox churches in the usa ? 
  and why does n't the muslim community in greece deserve the same right ? 
  the government builds them because people wanted it . 
  it 's the same for both situations, 
  there is no `` islamification '' of greece you bigot . 
  where the hell do you see it ? 
   do you know what state-church separation is ? 
  i think you 're exaggerating . 
  there are 100.000 catholic greeks , some sources even say a lot more , but even though the orthodox priests are pieces of shit and cause problems regarding the catholic church , catholics had always been free to practice their religion or whatever . 
  but yeah , things were definitely worst before the 90s due to those fucking orthodox priests and their problems with everything . 
  but again , there was never a problem with catholics in general , why would there be ? 
  albanians are not seen as enemies in greece , that 's just nationalists that hate each other . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of albanians in greece so people generally have nice relations . 
  now for turks , their politicians are pieces of shit but i have noticed that turkish people are friendly towards greeks . 
  greeks have a more `` conservative '' view of turks due to our bad history , but we do n't hate them . 
  the whole `` brotherhood '' thing is just bullshit started by fanatic fans of olympiacos and crvena zvezda , as you guessed . 
  greeks are actually kinda indifferent about balkan nations, 
  you 're over exaggerating although it seems that turks are friendly towards greeks but greeks see turks with a more conservative view . 
  greece must and will stay in the eu, 
   reince priebus is donald 's right hand man . 
  he is greek , orthodox and has strong ties with greece, 
  i 'm afraid the comments here will be a shit show, 
   the subsequent political and demographic history of kosovo is not known with absolute certainty until the 13th century, 
   an insight into the region is provided by the byzantine historian-princess , anna comnena , who wrote of `` serbs '' being the main inhabitants of the region ( referring to it as `` eastern dalmatia '' and the `` former moesia superior '' ) . 
  [ 28 ] the earliest reference of albanians comes from michael attaleiates , who spoke of the `` arbanitai '' located around the hinterland districts of dyrrachium , modern durr\u00ebs, 
  you always demonize turks like they actually give a fuck about greece in the first place . 
  tbh i agree that turkey is not a good neighbor but your mumblings are meaningless, 
  it 's so obvious that you 're trolling . 
  thing is you are at least good at it . 
  btw i 'm not defending them, 
  that 's pretty much true , i ca n't understand the downvotes, 
  it 's a thing in many european countries , so no, 
  at least we 're not living under a dictatorship, 
  judging from the comments here , it 's mostly a thing present in portugal , spain , italy and greece, 
  it 's a `` thing '' in like half of europe but mostly in portugal , spain , italy and greece . 
  greece in cultural terms is mostly like italy though, 
  as a greek who has been in italy i disagree , cultural similarities between greece and italy are mostly in the south part of italy though, 
  we 're the same guy :d, 
  thanks for the greek greeting and the answer friend !, 
  i have a buddy who 's half ukrainian and that helped me form a very nice opinion about your country and generally i have met a handful of people of partly ukrainian descent here in crete and they are nice people, 
  does the moscow orthodox church try to manipulate the people to be more sympathetic to russia ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure something like that is happening . 
  same in greece . 
  main religion is orthodoxy but people never go to church or pray or something . 
  but yeah i expected that people celebrate religious traditions . 
  hmm , so the catholic part is more religious, 
  really interesting . 
  catholic greeks are roman catholics . 
  it surprises me that greek catholicism is common in ukraine and not in greece, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  crete . 
  i would suggest you doing a quick google search about the island and you will get any information you need, 
  great video, 
  so what ? 
   australian, 
  classic troll attempt towards austrians, 
  source ? 
   and that the ottoman occupation did n't touch his bloodline ( still ethnic pure ) . 
  i agree with many things that you said but i disagree with that because mixing between christians and muslims in the ottoman times was prohibited , at least in greece, 
   the traditional dances and costumes, 
  i despise them too, 
   the ` always laid back ' attitude, 
  i do n't know what you actually mean with that , but the ` laid back ' attitude is a mediterranean thing tbh not just greek, 
  there 's no reason to prove something . 
  i see you as a canadian and i see no reason that you `` need '' to be greek . 
  chill, 
   you 're always talkin shit about us greek americans, 
  they really put a `` bad title '' flair though, 
  who the hell keeps going to church lol, 
  the orthodox church has done more harm than good in greece . . they have so much money that does n't belong to them , these fuckers are so rich yet they do n't share their wealth with the poor , i mean that guy jesus supposedly said that you must share your goods with the poor . 
  i 'm very happy that their influence is falling, 
  after i returned him from uni , i ca n't control my sim anymore , all money gone btw, 
  tried it , did n't find him . 
  he just roams around town like an ncp, 
  how do i use testingcheats ? 
  that dude is shitting you lol . 
  i doubt he 's greek, 
  yeah, 
  the sky is blue, 
   islamic fanaticism , terrorism , dangerous and violent communities , not to mention they are very uneducated populations, 
   who does n't take religion seriously, 
   plus they should n't even be in the country , they should have been deported after the 50 's when turkey broke the agreement and placed discriminatory taxes on the greek minority in their country , had labor battalions , and government organised race riots, 
   greeks lived with muslims for hundreds of years ... but as subjugated , second class infidels and eventually they raised the flags of liberation and fought to remove islam . 
  the classic move . 
  what a beauty, 
  how do you guys come up with these, 
  i hope those paok fans will shut up now, 
  why do some people call them bulgarians just call them `` pontioi '' hehehe, 
  he could be an arvanite . 
  he probably is, 
  i feel the need to apologize for their actions . 
  paok fans are cunts .
