  first of all , we all would be catholic . 
  second , the catholic west would see us with a more pisitive eye , and they would have definitely helped us against the turks , so i do n't really think there would be an ottoman occupation of greece.with no ottoman occupation , greece would have been a part of the renaissance and many more industrial and cultural `` revolutions '' of europe . 
  our history would have been so much different . 
  hey leandros , back at it again with the whining posts . 
  dude you are a trump supporter , yet your ancestors were immigrants.enough said.i see no reason i would ever take you seriously . 
  so what they 're millionaires?they 're still human.plus , they deserve the money they get . 
  `` we are the east '', 
  what?what exactly do you mean here?since when `` we are the east '' ? 
  my point on my last comment was that if greece was catholic , i do n't think that we would have gone through 400 years of occupation.that says a lot . 
  i ca n't blame fellow greeks who hate their own country.this country offered them nothing.a fucked up educational system , the church is so rich while people out there are starving , greedy politicians , unemployment , mandatory army service , sooooo many fucking taxes , and the list goes on.i do n't love this country.i respect what our ancestors did for the world and how important the greek civilization is , but this place is fucked up . 
  and let me ask you something , why is it so bad that greeks want to be part of the west?the west started from here.we are a part of the west.personal question , do you actually live in greece ? 
  blame their rotten goverment, 
  you are not from greece and you ca n't understand what 's going on.people call greeks lazy , yet they work more hours than other europeans and most of the time do n't even get paid.this guy says he `` pays taxes because we do n't pay them '' . what is that supposed to mean?that all of greeks do n't pay their taxes?do you know how many taxes greeks have to pay the same time they do n't even have a job?there is no proper administration here like there is in sweden , germany , the netherlands etc.it 's solely the goverment 's fault . 
  i 'm pretty sure that my dutch friend has no idea what 's going on.i blame my relatives for voting for this goverment , but they had no other choice.greece will be fucked up anyway , whoever comes first in the elections.greeks are idiots and whine a lot , but that 's another story.if you guys were living here , you would understand . 
  yes yes , you are absolutely right.obviously some rich people are tax evaders in greece.but you see , i 'm not talking about them.i replied to that guys comments because he thinks he `` pays taxes for greeks because they do n't pay them themselves '' . and i think he was talking about middle and lower class , not these rich people.so my point in my last reply to you , is that the middle and lower classes are suffering . 
  you look like a gay porn actor, 
  why the fuck should we roast you?life already did, 
  you eyebrows look like bull horns, 
  `` father paul was touching me last night '', 
  get the fuck outta my homeland attila . 
  thanks for replying.hopefully they will call it off , i 'm tired of fighting off stack after stack . 
  right now i have 2 armies in northern africa ready to attack sicily and after that the rest of italy is my target . 
  that 's a good idea , but when i tried assassinating him , the assassin failed , got killed , and the pope declared war on me.and so it begins , i 'm at war with the papal states , denmark , hre , venice and hungary.they keep invading my lands but most of the time i push them off . 
  i actually like that in the newer games my units replenish faster and easier , unlike in medieval 2 when you had to find a building that they can be retrained.it is a pain in the ass and may halt your expansion . 
  what i miss is the family tree man.you really felt attached to your faction . 
  if you really wan na laugh , visit r/roastme, 
  the comments dude.they 're hilarious . 
  i do n't think they are going to announce something this year . 
  as my flair indicates , i really want a sequel to empire , but a 3rd medieval is n't a bad idea either.let 's wait and see . 
  you look like you have children just to eat them later.plus , even a cow is jealous of your nipples . 
  i always do this.eric 's roasts make my day and i 'm not even kidding , even if i have watched all of them like 100 times.i remember when i found his videos , the first time i watched them , i almost died , shit was intense.they 're fucking accurate , plus that laugh can cure cancer . 
  well no one likes him in greece.always acts like a retard . 
  ali had a really difficult life , especially when no one knew who he was.he was another `` filthy negro '' . he has said many racist things , but he was definitely racially abused in his childhood.if you ask me , all the racist things he said were a `` defense mechanism '' . i do n't know how to explain it.his reactions were like `` white people treated us like shit , now that everyone knows me , i am going to be the most racist motherfucker y' all have met '', 
  in short words , if black people were being treated equally back then , i do n't think he would said stuff like this . 
  i have been playing this game for 3 years and it 's one of my favorites.i loveeeeee that map , it 's really huge , and i actually never had any problems while running the game , unlike many other people.they `` hate '' it because it was laggy and buggy on launch.but yeah , ai can be really stupid sometimes . 
  best piece of news i read today . 
  even white moms say this shit , can confirm . 
  he looks like the kind of guy to masturbate 4 times a day to that anime stuff, 
  turks are a mix of syrians , armenians , levantines , albanians and iranians along with their central asian dna.actually the `` first '' turks were a mongol tribe , but then they mixed with the people i mentioned.and maybe they have some slavic dna . 
  source : my history professor , but i have done my own `` research '' , so yeah i think that 's the case . 
  greco-anatolian ? what?turks are mix of various populations , whereas greeks are greeks . 
  bulgarians as north african?i do n't think so . 
  nah , it does n't make sense.not trying to be racist , because i 'm not , but turks are not a homogeneous nation.they carry dna from many other ethnicities.maybe that 's the case with cypriots too . 
  but that 's definitely not the case with greeks . 
  language ? 
  religion ? 
  dna ? 
  i said in my previous comment, 
  alright so what 's your point of view ? 
  his feet do n't get tired, 
  i agree in your list too . 
  but greek dna in turks is not that common like kurdish.kemal eradicated greeks from anatolia and spared a little.greeks and greek speaking people of anatolia and the black sea all set for greece in order to be saved.at least that 's what they teach us in greek history . 
  `` why do you think greeks are ` just greeks ' ? '', 
  for many reasons , mainly that 's what i have been taught in school.if greeks were a really mixed people , it would have been obvious.but we still kept our language , our traditions and our religion.also i have to note that i do n't have a problem with turkish people just because i said `` greeks and turks are different '' . it seems some peoples replies are scary ( generally talking ) . 
  interesting map . 
  have the italians kept the traditions and the religion of the romans?have the danish kept the traditions and the religion of the vikings ? 
  in the coast and regions around the black sea , before the turks , greeks were living there.we 're talking many years before the seljuks invade.anyway , these greeks , mixed with other greek speaking populations of anatolia , such as armenians ( greek were the official language of the eastern roman empire . 
  ) so times change , kemal is born , kemal comes into power and these people are chased off their homelands and sought refuge to greece.they came to greece and became part of us.were these people and their descendants 100 % greeks?no.they were predominantly anatolians who were speaking greece.their descendants are now greeks , living in greece , and trust me , there are many.no one said they 're not greek.but they are definitely a mix of greeks and other anatolian peoples.that 's the shortest explanation i could give buddy . 
  yes i agree with that.greeks were living in anatolia for centuries , they definitely had mixed with the indigenous populations . 
  i thought horses do n't suck dick, 
  teeth more yellow than the golden shower her brother and dad give her every day, 
  your standards are really low that 's for sure, 
  looks like his father is an irish midget, 
  i really want someone to explain me why they downvoted me like that . 
  a potato with lips and eyes , first time i 'm seeing something like this, 
  your nose looks like it came with the glasses, 
  i have exactly the same problem with everton.from every game since fifa 14 . no matter what team i play , the chances i have winning them are like 20 % . this is desperately accurate . 
  i 'm greek.i absolutely have no problem with you referring to your country as macedonia , i actually find it logical since that 's how the region was called anyway i think , but i hate it when i hear some of you guys claiming that you are the descendants of alexander the great.it does n't make sense . 
  i find that what 's happening between our countries for that name dispute is stupid.we need to focus on `` repairing '' our relations.we 're neighbors after all . 
  well that 's a stupid thing in greece that still exists, 
  someone else is the whore around here , and that 's not us, 
  especially in italy , greece and serbia.they always act like animals and most of them should be banned from going to football matches . 
  i remember i was hitchhiking once and the only guy who stopper to pick me up was a moroccan truck driver.he was a really nice person , started showing me pictures of his family back in morocco , telling me how great the food back there is and shit , nice stuff . 
  obviously not , but i read books too, 
  he has greek roots , i think.that 's different than being greek . 
  was he born in greece ? 
  was he raised in greece ? 
  does he speak greek ? 
  simply put , he is n't greek . 
  i ca n't understand how the hell they gave you greek citizenship yet they do n't give it to immigrants who were actually born and raised in greece.this country is pathetic . 
  may i ask , how did you learn greek ? 
  `` because being born in greece does n't make you greek . '', 
  people who are born and raised here and speak greek , even if both of their parents are foreigners , are greek.you are the guy who is definitely not greek , since you were born and raised abroad.blood does n't mean much in cases like these . 
  i have said it before , i 'll say it again.greece is better filled with people from different ethnic and religious backgrounds , than filled with racist and fascist cunts . 
  your parents are immigrants and you support trump.nuff said . 
  stupid people on facebook being stupid people on facebook, 
  i am who i am.miss me with that stupid bullshit, 
  so is there an actual sense of unity in scandinavian countries ? 
  ( iceland and faroe islands including ), 
  first of all some of apoel 's fans are stupid hooligans and nazis.i do n't give a fuck where they come from , it is disgusting . 
  you know , it was greece 's fault too that the turks invaded cyprus.the greeks were the ones who fucked up , let 's stop blaming it to others.turks saw their opportunity and took it , but again , it was a greek fuck up after all . 
  come on dude . . it 's belgium . . i do n't think greece will do any better, 
  that 's some interesting shit right here hahaha, 
  that 's really interesting , thanks for replying, 
  i was expecting this answer haha , thanks for the info, 
  is n't he born in bosnia ? 
  i feel bad for them.i 'm not surprised though , every stupid thing can happen in this country, 
  this is my first time visiting this sub.i do n't support trump i just came here to see what y' all are posting . 
  first of all , ancient greeks were definitely white , anyone who claims that they were black is just false.but here 's the thing : they were not blonde/blue eyed either.their descendants are modern day greeks and southern italians ( more specifically the griko people of south italy ) . how can people think the ancient greeks had nordic traits , when they were at the center of the mediterranean ? 
  the kalash people claim that they are aleander 's descendants.does that mean they are?the majority of anthropologists have dismissed this theory , just google it .
