  do n't forget the tax evasion , the big pensions etc. 
  the west has no problem with orthodox countries as your lunatic mind thinks . 
  romania and georgia , which are the most religious orthodox countries , are two of the most pro-usa , pro-nato and pro-eu countries in europe . 
  there are other orthodox countries who are very pro-western , like ukraine and bulgaria . 
  why do you skip the fact that russia has invaded two orthodox countries , georgia and ukraine , in the last years ? 
  serbs and russians being kind of rivals of the west is not because they 're orthodox , it 's their own fault . 
  serbia is already about to enter the eu . 
  also russia is a very irreligious country , so not so orthodox . 
  greece is western and will remain as such . 
   i can speak greek , i can not write it idiot . 
  i have no reason to believe you , you 're lying anyway . 
  since you ca n't speak or write greek , you 're not greek . 
   the west clearly does n't consider greece truly western hence its intense demonization as an economic villain , as if greece , and not the real culprit germany -- is destabilizing and impoverishing most european nations . 
  another claim of the lunatic . 
  blaming others for greece 's fuck ups . 
   i honestly think as another interlocutor wisely observed , you are likely an albanian raised in greece which is why you have a totally blinded love for the west in line with albanians of the balkans who were/are notorious for even making bush the most popular boy 's name :, 
  if i was albanian , i would admit it . 
  albanians love the us because they have helped them in the kosovo war . 
  also because they are a post eastern bloc country who suffered from communism . 
  post eastern bloc countries trust the us as an ally . 
  the comment you linked says nothing . 
  this guy pretty much admitted that i 'm not albanian . 
  he had no comeback to what my original reply to him was so he said something irrelevant . 
  also why are you stalking my post history you lunatic ? 
  being pro-us makes people albanian you dumbass ? 
  with that logic you 're a russian , as seen by the russian ass licking in your comments . 
  people in r/greece were making fun of you . 
  i 'm a greek and i 'm grateful that my country is a part of the west , if that answers your questions . 
  greece 's interests align with fellow western interests . 
  also you skipped the other points i previously made . 
  whatever , just consult a doctor . 
  you 're full of shit . 
  what kind of claims did you source that gave an answer to my points ? 
  greece is with the west . 
  i understand that you , as a russian , would love greece to be a slave of your country but that 's not going to happen . 
  there 's a reason that ex eastern bloc countries hate russia . 
  now stop spreading your russian propaganda all over reddit or at least stop involving greece with it . 
  the fact that the british did n't allow crete to join earlier does n't mean much . 
  they helped greece against the ottomans and they bravely defended crete in the battle of crete in ww2 . 
  about cyprus , i do n't care at all . 
  cyprus is not greece , it has nothing to do with the discussion . 
  the rest of your comment is you and your typical lunatic complaints . 
   the west only helps itself and generally loots the pants off the rest of the world . 
  then leave the western country you 're living in now and go to start a life in russia you ungrateful idiot . 
   just because they bombed serbs and the serbian military on the behalf of kosovo albanians does n't mean much, 
  it means a lot , they gave the kosovars the independence that they wanted . 
  ` federation ' ? 
  are you joking ? 
  i meant the idea of a federation , it was pretty clear in my comment . 
  it does n't make sense . 
   ahepa was originally founded by greeks ~ ~ in association with turks ~ ~, 
   due to discrimination ~ ~ greeks and turks ~ ~ greeks had in the u.s. 
  ftfy stilate, 
  greece is europe too . 
  and how they ` fucked ' us ? 
  we had a lot of support in our independence war . 
  also , [ the philhellenes ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/philhellenism ) . 
  you sound ungrateful tbh, 
  from what i read , it was founded by greek-americans and served the greek-american community . 
   the embarrassment is on them anyway , and you could hear the fans booing from miles away . 
  yeah , i hope they realize that it does n't make sense to keep this habit . 
   most countries i thought were going for neighbourisms did n't actually do so which was a good surprise imo . 
  greece is not neighbors with cyprus . 
  it 's mostly that the cypriot music industry is very dependent on the greek one , and also that cyprus speaks greek . 
  we do n't have similarities with turkey , it 's a completely different country . 
  turks do n't have greek genetics , but anatolian . 
  why are you lying ? 
  we 're not ` broy ' , most greeks wish that turkey was n't that close . 
  also , ` their ' governments ? 
  are you pretending that you are n't turkish yourself now ? 
  nope . 
  culturally and genetically we 're very different . 
  can someone explain to me greece and turkey ? 
  we are very different genetically . 
  please tell me what you know about greece and turkey then . 
  i did n't mean anything like this . 
  i do n't have a problem with turkish people . 
  but we 're different . 
  there 's no reason to try to drag greece with turkey , we 're different culturally , genetically , and so on . 
  so what you know more ? 
  no , we 're not the same ` race ' . 
  also , greeks and turks are not a ` race ' . 
  we do n't share the same genetics , we are very different , turks are mostly anatolian with iranian , central asian and armenian influences while greeks are a south european population . 
   you can not even distinguish them from looks unless one of them starts to speak . 
  so you have direct experiences i guess ? 
   i am saying that we lived together so long that it is impossible to say they are very different genetically . 
  intermarriages between christians and muslims were prohibited in the ottoman empire . 
   according to history , there is n't any big migration that took place between anatolia and greece when turks came and settled to anatolia . 
  genetically speaking , turks are the descendants of those turkified anatolians , but these anatolians were not genetically greek . 
  remember , they were hellenized during the hellenistic era . 
   i thought greeks were anatolian too before turks came ? 
  anatolians were hellenized actually . 
   please chill out a little bit . 
  no need to be salty about something as stupid as race . 
  i 'm chill , i just think that you 're wrong . 
  intermarriage between christians and muslims was prohibited in the ottoman empire . 
   do you really think that this prevented these races to be mixed all along ? 
  intermarriage between christians and muslims was punished by death . 
  also , there were no cases of intermarriages in greece . 
   so you claim that there is a pure greek race living in the greece and all the other ones are just hellenized anatolians ?
