  i 'm claiming that greeks from greece had genetic differences with greeks from the depths of anatolia . 
  besides , i 'm not talking about a pure race since i 'm admitting to you that there are many greeks of anatolian descent . 
  yes , greece is different to neighboring countries . 
  i do n't understand why this is bad to say . 
  i 'm not an ` ultranationalist ' , i hate nationalism but i do n't understand turkish obsession with greece . 
  im not an ultranationalist and not and emigrant , i do n't hate anyone . 
  i do n't understand the reason you lied and said we 're ` broy ' when you know that 's a lie . 
   and modern turks are very often turkified greeks, 
  that 's not true . 
  turks are mostly turkified anatolians . 
  you talk like as if you 've been stalking me . 
  i know a lot about neighboring countries and they 're very different from greece , do you know my country better than me ? 
  where are those ` bunch ' of articles ? 
  but most western coast greeks fled to greece after the ottomans conquered asia minor . 
  not greeks , but hellenized anatolians . 
   he probably is an albanian and it is pretty disgraceful he does n't admit it . 
  says the russian with 3 accounts who pretends that is greek while you ca n't even speak greek ? 
   but it 's the case in western anatolia too . 
  they ( greeks and turks ) look like their neighbors . 
  european looking turks from western turkey descend from albanian , bosniak and bulgarian muhacirs , and not by greeks . 
  why are you so toxic ? 
  completely unnecessary comment . 
  \u0395\u03c0\u03b9\u03c3\u03b7\u03c2 \u03b5\u03bb\u03b5\u03b3\u03b5 `` i ca n't write greek but i can speak it '' . 
  min arxizete tis theories synomosias pou den vgazoun noima . 
  this is bullshit . 
  no reason to explain why . 
  and it 's not that greece fought the war on it 's own , the support from the british , the australians and the kiwis was crucial . 
  regardless of that , their help to greece was always immense . 
  re axaristoi , den ftanei pou mas voithane , prepei panta na vriskete kati gia na akougeste san kakomathimena ? 
  i thought that there would be much more protestants . 
  ^ this guy is a troll , op , do n't pay attention to him . 
  then all those eastern european countries who have been in more economic trouble than greece are stupid for liking the eu i guess . 
  these conspiracy theories of yours do n't apply . 
  btw did you even watch the video ? 
   this is probably a response to various flags , slogans and chants in support for serbian war criminals during our last game in athens . 
  those who raised the disgraceful flags and banners were serbs though . 
  the guys who brought this sign about genocide were serbs , not greeks . 
  who ? 
  there were around 100 ( probably less ) greek neo-nazis that fought with the bosnian serbs , but nothing more . 
  tbh bosniaks were n't that famous in greece because people associated them with turks . 
  some greeks think of nato negatively because turkey is a part of it , it has nothing to do with the bombing of yugoslavia . 
  we do n't have ties with serbs . 
  fyrom is orthodox christian too , would you say that we have ties with them ? 
  the reason that many greeks are neutral and not positive towards nato is because turkey is a part of it . 
  as a greek , i wonder if you guys really think that every mainland greek is an arvanite ? 
  arvanites are mostly concentrated in the villages around attica and in eastern pelopponese . 
   but albanians in middle ages settled in almost every part of greece, 
  wrong , [ this ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-2fstac8fbso/ufi-9psmx5i/aaaaaaaaa_q/ub9536wbe_w/s1600/arvanitika+map.png ) is where they settled actually . 
  it also depends on the populations tested . 
  if they tested people from arvanite areas , then of course it will show that these people are close to albanians genetically . 
  lol . . do some people really pretend that ` philotimo ' is a thing only in greece ? 
  just because the greek word ca n't be translated in english ? 
  communists . 
   zeljko veselinovic , president of the serbian trade union sloga , on behalf of all foreign trade unions attending the rally , affirmed pame 's solidarity to greece 's working class during nato 's 1999 bombings in the former yugoslavia . 
  of course a serb is involved in this . 
   the highlight on rojo is just to mess up with our brains , apparently . 
  nah mate , the highlight was random , sorry for the confusion it caused :d, 
  he was killed by serbs , not greeks . 
  btw , the post is downvoted by butthurt communists and possibly over proud nationalists who think that no one helped this shithole ever, 
  my friend , the american tourist was beat by serbs , not by greeks . 
  the perpetrators were not greek . 
  he was watching though . 
  the damage was inflicted by your countrymen . 
  link me the video , and then show me who is the greek guy that hits him . 
   we greeks really like people from turkey, 
  there 's no reason to lie . 
  no , op wo n't have problems in athens but saying that people here ` really like people from turkey ' is an exaggeration . 
  is that supposed to be funny ? 
  cause it is n't . 
  this answered everything , thanks mate !, 
  it 's a joke, 
  it 's a shitpost though, 
  another great striker in the premier league . 
  the following years are going to be insane . 
  got ta love that spanish accent, 
  kosovo , a country . 
  the people who fought in srebrenica were like 10 neo-nazis from golden dawn , not soldiers of the greek army . 
  my point is that the people who fought in srebrenica were not part of any army . 
  yeah but the culture is similar . 
  why would i , as a greek , should know that turkey is supposedly different from arab countries like syria , iraq etc ? 
  it 's a backwards country with a middle eastern culture . 
  not a paok fan , but they seem to have a sub even though it 's dead af , r/paok, 
  do n't worry though , there are paok fans here so eventually you 'll find one . 
  it was the ottomans that used it as a place to store gunpowder and as a mosque , not the greeks . 
  wow , was n't expecting this . 
  sources that they feel greek . 
  we 've got a long way to go !, 
  great result for rosenborg , but people here forger that there is a second leg remaining . 
  the team is clearly not ready for europa league . 
  we fucked this up in 6 minutes . 
  what annoys me the most is that bilbao 's equalizer was literally a copy of their first goal . 
   we call eachother `` orthodox brothers '' . 
  because you are cringy . 
  there 's no such thing as `` orthodox brothers '' . 
  fyrom is orthodox too , i do n't think that they are your `` brothers '' . 
  trust me op , there 's no friendship between paok and besiktas fans . 
  at least from the paok fans side , they do n't view besiktas fans as `` friends '' . 
  there were even fights between paok and besiktas fans . 
  besiktas fans made them . 
  from my experience with paok fans , they do n't want to have anything to do with besiktas .
