  i hope you smash them, 
  greece is not an eastern european country though, 
  your fans are pieces of shit though, 
  i never said that , but at least ours do n't ridicule greece . 
  the culture is southern european . 
  when i think of eastern european countries i think of poland , romania , ukraine etc, 
  i would n't say that greeks and armenians are culturally close, 
  no such thing as `` orthodox bros '' . 
  greece 's neighbors bulgaria and fyrom are orthodox as well but greece has n't a great relationship with none of them . 
  btw on a recent poll in greece most people were in favor of staying in the eu, 
  give me a source that supports your claims . 
  usa , italy , france . 
  i like spain and portugal as well though, 
  den sas ekneurizei to gegonos oti oi tourkoi ( pio poly sto internet to exw parathrhsei ) einai ligo kollimenoi me emas ? 
  prospathoun apelpismena na peisoun tous eautous tous alla kai ton ypoloipo kosmo oti ellines kai tourkoi einai idioi anthrwpoi me idia koultoyra ktl . 
  i 'm not such an expert but they constantly provoke us with border violations . 
  they never stop but what can greece do about it ? 
  eu and nato must step in , i wish turkey was n't in nato , this shit would definitely not pass , plus they constantly try to distance themselves from the west . 
  but in the same time there 's no fear of conflict or something serious . 
  irrelevant question but is greece considered east med ? 
  i thought east med goes for cyprus , the levant , egypt etc, 
  i seriously have no idea . 
  sometimes r/greece can be a weird place, 
  the greatest of greeks were pagan . 
  i 'm not a fan of any religion but it 's true, 
  ellinas eimai vlaka , pou einai to kako gia thn plakitsa me tous pontious pou ekana edw ? 
  afou nomizw oi perissoteroi yposthriktes tou paok pontioi einai, 
  i do n't think that bento is to blame for olympiako 's appearances lately . 
  it 's his first season with olympiakos , he 's not even a year in the team, 
  to asteio einai oti eimai ellhnas, 
  got ta respect the king whomstd ` velyed marriage is this, 
  says . . you ? 
   they 're fascists . 
  the religious angle probably is n't their biggest motivator , mostly just an expression of their conservative values . 
  other fascist groups in the past have also portrayed themselves as protecting traditional religious values before . 
  i agree, 
   orthodox is n't the most important word in their name . 
  * russian * orthodox is . 
  the kyiv patriarchate split from moscow so they see them as traitors . 
  thanks for the info, 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  russian politics seem to be a weird thing that 's for sure, 
   greek people are all over the middle east . 
  i highly doubt that, 
  being orthodox does n't make you greek . 
  you could easily be an orthodox arab . 
  i agree that there are greeks in egypt but there are not so many greeks in the other places you listed . 
  saying that `` greek people are all over the middle east '' is a stretch, 
  i never said that being orthodox means you 're greek and i never said that greeks are the only orthodox people in the world, 
   there is a greek community in the middle east, 
  yes but you claimed that greeks are all over the middle east which is wrong, 
   most people of the levant are arabized people, 
  i agree, 
   you think middle east belongs to only muslim arabs and only one kind of people can reside there ? 
  i never said that the middle east belongs only to arabs nor i implied it, 
  pontian greeks are hellenized caucasians/anatolians so they 're actually native there if you think about it, 
  he explained on his comment :, 
   the area used to be the eastern border of hungary and those guys ( called sz\u00e9kelys ) were tasked with protecting it . 
  then the romanians invaded mostly because of the already-existing romanian minority to the west , and obviously the sz\u00e9kelys stayed . 
  sicilian seems similar to romanian, 
  slavic-macedonian are not `` hugely over-represented '' . 
  not at all . 
  there are speakers in northern greece, 
   why was n't there a similar sized romanian minority in central romania ? 
  i 'm not sure about the other questions , but there was n't a romanian minority in central romania because it used to be part of hungary, 
  i do n't really know , [ here 's ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sz%c3%a9kelys ) some info about the hungarians of romania, 
  serbs are definitely not the ancestors of the byzantines, 
  your comment is so tasteless . 
  you 're probably one of those guys who live in their own imaginary world, 
  there are no greeks in turkey , at least the `` greek '' part of western turkey is completely false, 
   it seems like there will be a lot of tension leading up to the game between olympiakos fans and besiktas-paok, 
  paok fans have nothing to do with the game . 
   besiktas fans are gon na attend the game against olympiacos on sunday and paok fans will join besiktas fans against olympiacos on thursday . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  because from personal experience with some few paok fans , your claims are laughable . 
  they do n't want to have relations with other clubs . 
  their main slogan is `` only paok '' so you get the idea, 
  did you read the comments under the article ? 
  a part of one of the first comments is clear that the two clubs have no relations . 
  one comment even says that the article is an attempt to `` disparage paok '' . 
  there 's no relationship between the two clubs dude . 
  this article is about some desperate besiktas fan who thinks that paok fans give a shit about besiktas . 
  i have n't heard something about partizan . 
  to me it seems that it 's a small portion of some paok fans who have nice relations with partizan fans . 
  most people do n't care, 
  gate 4 does n't represent all paok fans . 
  relations like these are proven to be unnecessary anyway, 
  do you really think that everyday people care about partizan or whatever ? 
  because from personal experience , they do n't . 
  i have visited rome and it was fucking great . 
  such a beautiful city , like the rest of italy, 
  they 're the [ romani ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people ) people , not greeks . 
  that 's a part of their culture . 
   no one want to work in greece . 
  what if i told you that there 's high unemployment in greece and not people who `` do n't want to work '' ? 
  merkel has nothing to do with this , these people are the [ romani ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people ) people , that 's a part of their culture . 
  the vlachs of greece are ethnic greeks who were linguistically latinized during the roman occupation of greece . 
   a lot of greeks converted to islam to avoid paying taxes . . some things never change . 
  turks of european descent are descendants of bosniaks , bulgarians and albanians , therefore you 're wrong . 
  greek speaking muslims * .
