  yeah but i do n't think it applies to anything . 
   we forget the killings of albanians in that area long time ago and greeks stop thinking that some parts of south albania is greek land . 
  that is all . 
  greece is greece , albania is albania . 
  only nationalists would claim parts of albania . 
  so how many people get montly pensions ? 
  would you say that they 're a large part of the population ? 
  also i guess most of them ca n't even speak greek . 
  why is n't the albanian government doing something about it ? 
  but on a serious note , i doubt that these people have a problem with getting free money, 
  i do n't think that the greek government will stop this suddenly . 
  it 's the albanian government that must move , even to european courts , to stop this . 
  because italians are our bros and the history we have with them can not be compared to the history we have with turkey . 
  re afou ton ksereis oti einai vlakas , nomizeis oti tha paradextei tipota ? 
  thanks for the info . 
   if i may , why do you ask ? 
  i expect your people to be very similar to the serbs , especially when it comes to seeing russia as a big ` orthodox brother ' and shit like that . 
  i remember reading that there were massive pro-russia protests as well . 
  anatolian foods in greece were brought here by anatolian refugees . 
  anatolian music was brought here by anatolian refugees . 
  you should have used the roman eagle . 
  two byzantine symbols in a serbian flag . 
  it 's not like serbia is the successor of the byzantine empire . 
  have n't you been following the news lately ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  is there a link about what happened ? 
  i googled it and all i got was something about the yugoslav wars . 
   most of eastern ukrainians thought of russia as powerful demanding friend . 
  surprised to read that . 
  even the ukrainian-speaking ones ? 
  thanks for the answer !, 
   no such thing . 
  genetically speaking , cypriots are very distant from greeks . 
  the united kingdom has helped greece during our history . 
   and many times it has done the opposite . 
  such as ? 
  they helped during the war of independence and also during ww2 . 
  those 2 alone are already enough . 
  elaborate . 
   crete, 
  crete ? 
  they defended the island along with the locals , australian and new zealand corps . 
   cyprus, 
  cyprus is not greece . 
  besides , the brits have nothing to do with cyprus . 
   instead of the sultan we had a king , greece was hardly independent . 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
   countries have interests , not friends . 
  regardless if they helped out of interest or friendship , they helped and that 's what matters . 
  they had reasons for that . 
  greeks are thankful for all the british help . 
  there was no reason for cyprus to join greece . 
  the cypriot people of today are probably happy that their country did n't became a part of greece, 
   yeah there was it 's called self determination, 
  there were hundreds of thousands of slavic macedonians in greek macedonia who wanted greek macedonia to become a part of yugoslavia . 
  that 's called self determination too . 
   lol, 
  if cyprus was a part of greece , they would be facing the same economic problems . 
  there are also many cypriots who want nothing to do with greece, 
   they were n't 80 + % of the population . 
  they were the majority in villages ( these villages never became a part of yugoslavia ) and generally in places that were close to the border . 
  so do n't talk about self determination whenever it suits you . 
   not necessarily . 
  for instance crete does n't, 
  i 'm from crete . 
  are you really telling me that crete is untouched from the crisis ? 
  tourism helps though, 
   funny how you support self determination for albanians in kosovo , but not for greek cypriots, 
  kosovo is not comparable to cyprus . 
  i do n't consider cypriots to be greeks and that 's why i 'm against the island joining greece . 
   but that 's probably because you 're albanian . 
  give me a proof . 
  if i was albanian i would n't be on this sub . 
  but who are you to say that i 'm not greek ? 
  you ca n't even speak greek and you still think that you 're a greek . 
   lol yeah , because individual villages is comparable to an entire geographic region . 
  do n't be ridiculous, 
  does n't matter if villages or an island , it 's still called self determination . 
  the meaning does n't change . 
  and northern macedonia was probably majority slavic, 
   of course it is n't because you 're an albanian . 
  of course it is because you 're a serb . 
   it 's just obvious and everyone here knows it . 
  only you and some nationalists on this sub say it . 
  it 's your last resort to an argument . 
   the vicious anti-serbian rhetoric pretty much confirms it though . 
  since you 're stalking my comments on r/europe , why you only clear out my comments that are being critical to serbia but not the comments that prove i 'm greek ? 
  if i was an albanian who did n't like greece , i would n't support greece on r/europe . 
  my comments over there are pretty obvious that i 'm greek . 
  besides , how can you call a greek dude ` albanian ' just because some of my comments are based on the shit serbs did in the 90 's ? 
  does n't make sense , and if we use your logic , you 're probably a serb . 
  you 're the laughing stock of this sub . 
  a troll who thinks he 's greek even if he ca n't speak greek . 
   also just letting you know greeks love serbs and tend to not like albanians . 
  racist people like you . 
  most people in greece have no problem with anyone , i 'm raised in an environment with many albanians and i know better than someone who ca n't even speak greek , let alone living in greece . 
   they were against them . 
  i do n't know if they were against them , but that did n't stop greece from winning both conflicts . 
   there were against the cretan 's wish for enosis with greece .
