  i 'll need a source for that . 
  and i do n't remember the brits neither occupying nor blocking crete from becoming a part of greece . 
  again , they bravely defended the island from the nazis . 
   no , that 's the wrong conclusion . 
  so what 's the correct conclusion ? 
   you left out cyprus . 
  i did n't , read my comment again . 
   no it does matter . 
  an entire island is much different than a single village . 
  it 's still self determination . 
  and you skip the fact that the northern part of macedonia was probably slavic . 
  with your logic these villages should have been handed to yugoslavia . 
   you always spew inaccuracies about greeks too , like anatolian greeks not being greek . 
  you need to learn to troll better because i never said that . 
  i said that they became greeks here . 
   or cypriots not being greek . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  besides , why are you stalking my comments ? 
   which is hilarious how you 're so quick to call people `` racyis '' despite your very demanding genetic requirements you seem to have for being greek, 
  my `` requirements '' are the same `` requirements '' that most people have . 
  to be greek or whatever , you should be born and raised in greece or whatever country . 
  and you need to speak greek , something that you ca n't . 
  what we have here is a troll like you , saying that i 'm not greek even though you ca n't even speak my language . 
  that 's weird . 
  again , next time you stalk my comments make sure to notice the ones that prove you wrong and not cherry pick my opinions on irrelevant matters . 
   `` between 1896 and 1913 , european forces occupied crete , arriving there ostensibly to keep the peace between cretan muslims and cretan christians , but in reality to prevent the potentially catastrophic effects of the premature breakup of the ottoman empire threatened by the cretan rebellion of 1896 and the landing of greek forces on the island the following year . 
  the concert of europe was not prepared to allow greece to annex crete because of the knock-on effect that would have on the ottoman and former ottoman territories within europe and threat that the scramble to occupy and control those lands would have on european stability , and accordingly sending troops to the island to keep the peace and prevent a greek takeover . '', 
  that did n't stop the cretans from uniting with greece . 
  they helped us during the revolution and that 's all that matters . 
   that countries do n't have friends but interests . 
  assistance is assistance . 
   it was n't there originally . 
  it was but you did n't notice it . 
   that 's what the british thought about crete . 
  cyprus was occupied by the british and was handed over to the turks to prevent a greek takeover , again much like crete . 
  the brits never handed over crete to the turks . 
  and as i said above , they did n't prevent crete from joining greece . 
   lol yeah , and if a greek community in queens wanted to join greece that would n't exactly be justification for annexing all of new york to greece . 
  scale matters . 
  again an entire island is much different than some mountain villages . 
  what are you even trying to compare ? 
  queens is not even remotely comparable to the situation in macedonia . 
   i do n't stalk them it 's just you say this stuff so often on / r/europe it 's hard not to see . 
  yeah you do n't stalk me but for some reason you still remember what i say in my comments . 
   what constitutes greece ? 
  greece was n't a nation state for hundreds of years . 
  crete was n't a part of greece in 1821 , neither was macedonia , or epirus , does this mean the greeks living there were not greeks also ? 
  greece is a state . 
  borders on a map . 
  cyprus is far away from greece , not comparable to either crete , macedonia or epirus . 
   also i can speak greek, 
  sure . 
  you can speak greek but you ca n't write some proper sentences . 
   they did not help greece , they helped their own interests . 
  greece 's internets aligned with united kingdom 's , therefore they helped greece . 
  that 's not too hard to understand . 
   during the greco-turkish war , the british empire originally intended for greece to be the `` gatekeeper '' of the middle east but once a more promising alternative ( kemal ) appeared , they ditched us . 
  probably because greece literally crossed the line by planning to attack ankara ? 
  they supported us all the way until this . 
   it did stop cypriot enosis . 
  i do n't care about cypriot enosis . 
  we 're talking about crete . 
   britain continued to bolster up turkish rule in crete , thereby prolonging for over 30 years a question which only ten years ago was definately solved . 
  eventually crete became a part of greece . 
  we are thankful for their help during the independence war , it was very important . 
  that took them like 1 and a half minutes . 
  glad he 's back !, 
  that was sweet, 
  dressed in an ugly ass costume *, 
  the stupid kind, 
  this is rightfully going to cause controversy in ukraine . 
  did n't knew that austria was under soviet control at some point . 
  i do n't really know either , but it 's probably communist facilities or something like that . 
   poroshenko and saakashvili are adversaries , political enemies . 
  really ? 
  they 're on the same boat against the same enemy , you would expect them to have good relations with each other . 
  one of the best parts of traveling by plane . 
   and bow down to pointy headed western europeans who have fucked greece from the fourth crusade on down ... 
  as a greek , i think you do n't know what you 're taking about . 
  byzantines started this with [ the massacre of the latins ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_the_latins ) . 
  the byzantines were n't the good guys either . 
   easier for western cunts to get over . 
  greeks are western too . 
   the same western cunt descendants of the 4th crusade also gave bosnian muslims and kosovo muslim albanians their independence , they actually bombed yugoslav/serb forces and practically fought their war for them ... 
  first of all , stop being a toxic idiot . 
  secondly , it was the serbs who started the war and the massacres , so the west did the good thing for supporting the bosniaks and the kosovars . 
   calling a localized massacre of military age males who had been attacking surrounding serb settlements prior , and [ backed by inflated numbers ] ( https://mronline.org/2010/07/20/srebrenica-15-years-after-the-politicization-of-genocide/ ) , a genocide cheapens the word . 
  what a dumbass . 
  yes , srebrenica was a genocide and there 's no proof that the men whom the serbs genocided were attacking surrounding serb settlements . 
   but anything for western cunts to demonize orthodox peoples , especially serbs ... 
  stop calling people ` cunts ' you piece of shit . 
  did you forget all the help greece had from the western world from the beginning of the greek war of independence to ww2 ? 
  serbs were demonized for the shit they did . 
  the west does n't demonize the orthodox people you fucking lunatic , most orthodox countries are western allies . 
  there 's no reason to keep the conversation with you . 
  just some points :, 
  you ca n't speak greek , yet you pretend to be the perfect greek . 
  you seem to dislike the west , even though you 're probably raised in a western country that gave your parents work and a better life . 
  also , greeks created the idea of the west , just so you know . 
  greece 's economic problems date back to when the ottomans ruled greece , they completely destroyed greece , but also it is the greeks themselves who brought greece to it 's knees , economically speaking .
