well , to be honest , we greeks do n't hate germans.it is not their fault for what is happening to greece , it 's our fault . 
  greeks like them are a disgrace to this country.they will never admit that they and their forefathers have fucked up , so they try to convice us that this is germany 's fault . 
  you are just spreading hate towards germans my friend . 
  there is a difference though.turks cook kebab , greeks cook gyros . 
  no , and if there still are , they do not deserve to be called greeks . 
  true , can someone explain why people got downvoted for?looool y' all got no chill, 
  now they just need james rodriguez and they will be champions from like october . 
  mporoun na lene oti theloun , dikaiwma tous einai.afou loipon emeis kai o ypoloipos planhths kseroume oti o alexandros htan ellhnas , den exei shmasia na asxoloumaste kai allo me to thema . 
  oi ellhnes anti na koitaksoume na ftiaksoume ligo afth th `` xwra '' asxoloumaste me geitones pou einai thymata propagandas enos yougoslavou diktatora.good job greece . 
  adama coulibaly , cb . 
  happened to me too .90 rated sanchez out for 7 months , bought morata . 
  i think el-shaarawy is in that list too . 
  javi martinez ( i always play him as a cb ) , zouma and varane.beasts . 
  pote mhn diavazete facebook comments paidia.tha ekplageite/ginete eksw frenwn se 1 lepto anagnwshs . 
  it 's his holiday.he can do whatever he wants ffs . 
  apla to thema einai oti yparxoun synanthrwpoi mas pou zoune ston mesaiwna , kai otan diavazeis tis apopseis tous mesw internet se pianei kati na thes na mhn ksananoikseis to kinhto sou . 
  gooo arouca!all of greece is rooting for you guys !, 
  well they are a good team . . it is going to be a tough match, 
  den katalavainw giati se ekanan downvote.poly swsto afto pou eipes . 
  she and her family are backwards people , just fuck it.you will find someone better.i feel so mad right now . . how can people like this exist nowadays ? 
  i feel bad for you man.seems that some people still live in the medieval era . 
  the ere controlled the whole of anatolia for a very long time , and large proportions of it 's population ( though never a majority of it ) learned the greek language and customs . 
  as the ere decayed and the turks pushed into anatolia , the now-greek-speaking anatolians sought refuge in greece.there are some modern greeks who dont have `` pure '' greek blood on them ( i 'm not saying this in any racist way ) . like mitroglou ( greek footballer of eastern origin ) . the majority of modern greeks are descendants of ancient greeks , and there have been 2 researches by an american and an italian university that proved it . 
  ( there is a video regarding those researches in youtube though i ca n't remember the title ) . 
  this game is going to fuck my life . 
  the refugees are people like you and me.they should be rescued no matter what.they are trying to escape a war , and obviously they are welcome in greece.basically what are you saying is `` fuck it.they are migrants so why we should help them?just let them die already `` that 's fucked up dude . 
  i wonder what would you say if the same thing happened to greece and thousands of greeks were trying to escape to italy.i do n't care if this country is fucked up , we belong in the eu so it 's our duty to welcome them.even if we were not in the eu , they would still be welcome . 
  i am sure the goverment and the eu will find somewhere to keep them safe in greece . 
  '' the other greek medal he was born and raised in liverpool '' . i assume you are talking about gianniotis.he was born in liverpool but raised in greece . 
  ( that 's what i heard ), 
  well i do n't really think you can learn greek from any website . . but you can watch greek movies/series for beginning ( with subtitles obviously ) and then you will see if you can continue trying because greek are a difficult language to learn . 
  who the hell you think you are anyway?you do n't even live in greece , why such a fuss about some refugee kids who must go to school , either it 's greek or not.they will go to the same school , hang out together during break , the only difference is that they will be at different classes . 
  both kosovo and palestine should be independent.basically i think kosovo should be united with albania , if both parties wish for that . 
  why you think we do n't like you?cause you 're albanian?there are few people in greece who do n't like albanians and i hope that albanians do n't have a problem with us . 
  wtf are you even saying . . i really hope you do n't mean it, 
  the truth is that tzavellas and maniatis are fucking idiots.however , it 's not all of our team 's fault if we have 2 wankers on our team , do n't you agree ? 
  well done kosovo!i feel really bad that my country has not recognised you as independent . 
  cultural?what greek culture has to do with russian?we are definitely more culturally close to italy than russia . 
  74 % of nigerian christians are protestants.the majority of english people are protestants.nigerians also speak english as their mother tongue.but does that make these two countries related so much ? 
  and greece is not an eastern european country too . 
  yes that 's true , but i do n't mean that.is nigerian culture identical to the english one ? 
  thankss, 
  it was rome . . ohh the memories . . got ta thank my aunt 's ex boyfriend for buying it for me when i was like 10 . . then i became addicted to the series, 
  i wonder why the hell you 're getting downvoted.you are fucking right . 
  spot on, 
  uhmm , you are not even greek.you are from the united states.you just have greek heritage , but that does n't make you greek.so you ca n't start a party . 
  well my bad , i thought that he lives in the us.but yeah , since he resides in greece , he can start his own political party . 
  `` he ca n't possibly hope to found and run a party from the states though . '', 
  well that 's my point.it just does n't make sense.plus , i do n't think he even speaks greek . 
  so what are you going to do?you live in the us dude , it 's impossible to run your political party from there . 
  `` we were genocided by them '', 
  since when did muslims slaughtered northern americans ? 
  sorry , but you do n't even speak greek.how the hell you still consider yourself a greek?ffs and stop dreaming about a trump-like party here.just go and side with golden dawn , this is where you belong . 
  definition : https://youtu.be/jfptdeffqxi, 
  dutch people can have dark hair or other meditarrenean characteristics, 
  i think he knew the camera was on him even before he accidentally slapped her.that makes it more funny, 
  i prefer seeing hijabs in our streets than fascists, 
  that 's a reason i despise greek mentality.by the way , you are a guy with greek descent living in the us , having these opinions on immigrants is ironic is n't it ? 
  i will use greeks again as an example then.do you know that the majority of greeks who immigrated at the us were illegal as fuck ? 
  even greeks admit that greek immigration at the us was , at most , illegal.anyway , we are all humans dude , and those `` illegals '' are people who are in a pursuit of a better life.they see europe as a paradise from their fucked up countries.they want to raise their children in an environment that they can go to school without being afraid of being killed by an air strike.they want to work.and i 'm pretty sure your next answer will be `` they want to make europe an islamic continent and they want to kill us for not following islam '' , because of those horrific incidents in france , belgium etc.but they 're not all terrorists ffs . 
  nice video , watced it all.the guy is right.but i 'm not talking about immigrants from china , india , africa etc.i 'm talking about syrian refugees, 
  ok i was confused.are we going to stick there?my point are the syrian refugees, 
  i hate to say this again on reddit but * this conversation wo n't lead nowhere *, 
  that does n't make sense, 
  i saw someone had commented here.i was damn sure it was you . 
  it wo n't make sense if they release a new shogun , rome or something like that.so the chances are we are getting either empire 2 or medieval 3 . also , there are many people who are asking for a game based in china , but we got a game based in asia in 2011 ( shogun 2 ) , so i do n't really think they are currently focusing on another game in the far east , because in my opinion , the history of europe is more interesting . 
  and yeah , historically inaccurate games like warhammer do n't make much sense in the total war franchise ( again , personal opinion ) . 
  everyone hopes for that.we `` ll wait and see . 
  those perceived as greeks in albania are mainly albanian orthodox people.there are not many greeks there . 
  `` to historical documents , the slavs invaded and settled in parts of greece beginning in 579 and byzantium nearly lost control of the entire peninsula during the 580s . 
  [ 5 ] however , there is no archaeological evidence indicating slavic penetration of imperial byzantine territories before the end of the 6th century . 
  overall , traces of slavic culture in greece are very rare . '', 
  `` the city of thessaloniki remained unconquered even after being attacked by the slavs around 615 . 
  the slavs were eventually defeated , gathered by the byzantines and placed into segregated communities known as sclaviniae . 
  during the early 7th century , constans ii made the first mass-expulsions of slavs from the greek peninsula to the balkans and central asia minor . 
  justinian ii defeated and destroyed most of the sclaviniae , and moved as many as 110,000 -- 200,000 slavs from the greek peninsula to bithynia , while he enlisted some 30,000 slavs in his army . '', 
  `` the slavic populations that were placed in these segregated communities were used for military campaigns against the enemies of the byzantines . 
  in the peloponnese , more slavic invaders brought disorder to the western part of the peninsula , while the eastern part remained firmly under byzantine domination . 
  empress irene organised a military campaign which liberated those territories and restored byzantine rule to the region , but it was not until emperor nicephorus i 's resettlement of some rural areas of peloponnese with greek-speakers from southern italy , that the last trace of slavic element was eliminated . '', 
  boy what the ... 
  i just screenshoted this, 
  nope , that 's a theory and actually many anthropologists have dismissed it . 
  i ca n't watch it all right now.highlight me a specific part if you can please . 
  you are right , i 'm going to edit that now . 
  edit : they are not exactly indigenous.their ancestors came to greece as slaves by the ottomans , they are like afro-americans , afro-brazilians , afro-colombians etc. 
  well i do n't think that the turks had influenced greece that much.actually the greek language is just a `` newer '' version of ancient greek.the major influence was in some parts of food and maybe some parts of music , not culture in general.greece has preserved her identity , which is actually fascinating , considering the fact that it was conquered by different cultures and peoples at parts of history . 
  lol , in which part of my comment did i say that turkish are a `` newer '' version of ancient greek?i meant the `` modern '' greek language . 
  yes , i edited this part at the comments though, 
  i found it interesting that there are some muslim-like names in there , like jafet , omar or esra . 
  and some are completely greek , like nicolas , nikanor , sokrates , filip , timoteus , and theodor . 
  europe is not influenced by arabs.not at all . 
  \u03a1\u03b5 \u03c0\u03b1\u03b9\u03b4\u03b9\u03b1 \u03c4\u03b9 \u03b8\u03b1 \u03b3\u03b9\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9 \u03bc\u03b5 \u03b1\u03c5\u03c4\u03bf\u03bd ; there is no issue with turks in thrace.if you want to be involved in greek politics go learn yourself some greek . 
  `` no royalty '', 
  this guy was born in germany to a german mother.his name is kevin-prince . 
  yes i agree with the numbers.i did n't meant this though.the guy said that europe is `` very influenced by the arabs '' . where?food?nope.music?nope.religion?nope.grammar?nope . 
  it looks like france never made an attempt to make him play for them . 
  and why is that?his mother is french , and french are his mother language . 
  it seems that the portuguese and the italians are the only people in europe that we have so many similarities with.we even look alike.brothers in debt too , but no one is more fucked up than us . 
  i love portugal too.i want to go in lisbon and porto so bad , a friend went in lisbon and told me that you guys are really friendly and warm.but your language though , it 's weird , sounds like someone speaking a combination of french and spanish with a really heavy accent . 
  just imagine how different the greek history would be if the romans decided that we should belong to the western part of the empire instead the eastern .
