  cypriots are not greeks though, 
  maths.it 's always fucking maths, 
  no reason to be such a dick to people who simply stated their opinion.i do n't agree with him but i 'm just saying . 
  are you for real?it 's the refs fault in the first place , but even if they score 10 goals they wo n't ask you if they 'll celebrate, 
  leave the kyiv players and fans out of this, 
  i understand that some people are frustrated with the ref but the kyiv players and fans have nothing to do with his decisions, 
   plus no1 here is saying anything about kiev , the problem is the refs decision and how much it affected the game - taking nothing away from the players or fans . 
  some turkish fan commented `` besiktas is much better than the kyiv cunts '' . i saw some other comments like this too . 
  lmao, 
   even then though to say you can only support * one * team is pretty stupid when we have so many great clubs spread across the world . 
  ... it ... does n't ... work ... like ... this, 
  well traditionally a football fan would support one team and one team only.it 's like an unwritten rule but anyway . 
  i knew it was on the way.so happy for reus rn, 
  i agree with you in 20-25 years for now i 'm pretty sure that cypriots will not consider themselves `` greek '' anymore.it 's just logical . 
  thanks so much for the answer !, 
  they are actually hellenized though.after kemal tried to wipe off christian anatolians from turkey , they sought refuge in greece.they are known as pontic greeks and they 're basically hellenized west asians . 
   yea , the army says such things , it 's not nice but it 's the army . 
  are you stupid?it was a fake video . 
   or you probably have never heard of a youtube video ( many years ago dont know if its still online ) where a platoon from the greek army was happily singing `` skin the albanians '' . 
  it was a fake video dude.do you think nato/eu would allow this shit ? 
  i did n't say that they do not look `` normal '' , what does that even mean?when i said `` west asian '' features i meant caucasian , you know , armenian , georgian etc.pontics are a mix of anatolian people , that 's why they show darker complexion/eyes than ethnic greeks.they became hellenized after their arrivals in greece . 
  the fact that eu/nato officials did n't ever said anything regarding that video.if it was true , greece would have been in trouble . 
   they were already greeks before setting foot in the mainland and as i said probably even more than the rest of us . 
  yeah i do n't think so.the only thing they had in common with greeks was religion.their language had a greek element , but it was predominantly turkish.this discussion is not going to lead us anywhere i 'm afraid . 
  based in all the documentaries i 've seen , it was serbia 's fault for the most part . 
  it 's true , there are big muslim minorities in greece , it 's the turkish , pomak and romani . 
  do n't deny the truth.they are the majority . 
  well maybe i should have said anatolians instead.and no , it 's not irrelevant since pontic people look west asian and that 's because they come from there.no reason to make a big deal out of it , it 's just logical . 
  no one is `` pure '' . is there really a pure race/people ? 
  i do n't see them as `` different '' , i 'm just saying that they are a people from anatolia who got `` recently '' hellenized.they are greek like you and me now anyway . 
  i think the article is about pomaks only.the turkish minority in greece numbers around 100.000 ( maybe more ) people , let alone muslim romanis . 
  mc phineas, 
  i see shit like this all over instagram, 
  turn \u26a1 that \u261d shit up, 
  wtf was he thinking, 
  so what ? 
  i mean this dude is starting to become a meme, 
  last girl looks british, 
   [ this story ] ( http://www.dailypost.co.uk/news/north-wales-news/what-dna-might-tell-history-7838962 ) suggests they 're known for dark hair and olive skin , perhaps related to the [ black irish ] ( https : / /, 
  welsh people look typical british to me . 
  hmm it could be.the other pictures show pretty much typical russian people but that girl gives a british vibe to me.most likely she 's russian though . 
  you are correct , i got confused.they actually do look finno-ugric , like [ this ] ( http://assets.lfcimages.com/uploads/players/0449__6519__gettyimages-483025248_master.jpg ) hungarian footballer.and yes , there are actually quite some differences between russians and finno-ugric peoples . 
  i know that i 'm supposed to get the l had she cheated on me, 
  it 's spongebob, 
  he had no reason to hit you, 
  communist propaganda?we were never ruled by communists.it 's the fact that greeks are confused af or something.the eu is trying to help , are people blind ? 
  but again , i would n't trust these kinds of surveys . 
  i think it 's [ this dude/girl ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/conchita_wurst ), 
  elaborate to what ? 
  the people killed in the greek genocide were mostly christian anatolians who turks labeled as greeks because of their religion.so actually , they were not ethnically greek , at least the majority . 
  yes but the ethnic composition of anatolia did n't change.alexander and his successors managed to hellenize them , centuries later the byzantines christianized them.things became more complicated when the seljuks and later the ottomans invaded too.then most of anatolians were converted to islam and became a part of ottoman culture.those however who did not accept islam but kept practicing greek orthodoxy were erroneously called `` greeks '' by the ottomans.therefore the people massacred by the ottomans in the so called greek genocide were local christian anatolians and not greeks . 
  i know that , yet greeks were mostly around the anatolian coast as you said , not all of anatolia . 
  ... what are you talking about ? 
  so the greek people disappeared like dinosaurs , huh ? 
  first of all , greeks look typical mediterranean people , not at all slavic.also , the slavic invaders who invaded some parts of greece during medieval were kicked out by the byzantines and got settled in asia minor/anatolia . you have no idea what you 're talking about.do some research . 
  so if greeks `` intermingled with a much larger slavic population '' how do you explain the continuation of the greek language and the fact that there are no slavic traces in greek language ? 
   as well as other eastern european countries, 
  which eastern european countries did the byzantines rule , may i ask ? 
  turkey 's case is a lot different . 
  the turks that invaded anatolia turkified and intermixed with the population . 
  that 's why central asian dna in modern day turks is minimal.there was a lot of intermixing . 
  you say that slavs where a majority in greece at some point and mixed with the local greek minority . 
  then how modern day greeks speak a language that 's fascinatingly close to ancient greek and how does the greek language have no relation with slavic languages ? 
  ( except indoeuropean branch , but all european languages belong there ), 
  the link you send me is mostly nationalists arguing with each other . 
  please google `` are modern greeks related to ancient greeks '' and see the results yourself . 
  you are lying . 
  if you google exactly what i told you to the first result that comes up is completely different and there are many results about the whole thing actually . 
  it 's true that albanians and christian anatolians were hellenized but that did n't change the ethnic composition of greece . 
  greece is orthodox as default religion but it has catholics too , around 300.000, 
  do n't give him attention , he probably is a sensitive 10 year old, 
  i think you can trust me about that subject since i 'm from greece . 
  i have a catholic friend btw ( not that he 's practicing but his family are catholic ) . official government sources state that catholics in greece are estimated 200.000-300 .000 and it 's not only greeks but also people from the philippines , poland , armenia etc, 
  who should they vote for then ? 
  it 's funny that the mods will ban people for trolling but leandros is still on this sub, 
  it 's a really unfortunate situation , the whole thing . 
  but there 's no problem with brazilian people anyway . 
  the average greek has a positive view about brazilians , this incident wo n't change the perception about brazilian people . 
  we need more of these, 
   i know that despite the repeated promises , you have not even been granted the right to vote from your country of residence , a right enjoyed by almost all other minorities, 
   but we are a mix of caucasians and middle eastern tribes, 
  the anatolians/pontians are a mix of caucasian ( not middle eastern ) people , ethnic greeks are a mediterranean people, 
  do n't take these videos seriously dude lmao, 
  gr8 b8, 
  yoooooooooooo, 
  [ i hope that 's something you 're looking for ] ( https://youtu.be/uxjiy5wo3jw ), 
  that would have been a great damn title . 
  i suck at this, 
   plus he is orthodox, 
  uhmm . . who cares about religion ? 
  by your logic every european is a christian . 
  so no , you 're not a christian just because you believe there is a god while at the same time you have been to church like 2 times , have never prayed etc etc. 
  cmon , greeks are not religious just because they say they 're christian . 
   what do you define as religious ? 
  the proper term is `` cultural christians '' , not religious . 
  i ca n't consider greeks to be religious , it 's ridiculous that some of them think that they are actually religious, 
  i would n't call it balkan , maybe a north part of macedonia and thrace belong there, 
  i did n't know they had independence tendencies, 
  i do n't think the everyday turk is imperialistic by nature . 
  have you ever left your house ?
