so far my plans are couchsurfing in tirana at the end of june and volunteering at a beachside hostel in sarand\u00eb for july . 
  i 've thought of asking / r/albania for advice , is there anything else i should see ? 
  or avoid ? 
  thanks !, 
  maybe just a thousand meters ? 
  it was a six hour hike though . 
  i had over packed when i left america six months ago and that hike was what got me to get rid of half of my stuff that has been aggravating my knees for the past month . 
  i 've actually been actively seeking and meeting anarchists/protesters in each country i go to . 
  i was in a march against political prisoners in athens , i went to a meeting of israelis against the occupation and the israeli intelligence might have targeted me , and i got tear gassed by the idf in palestine . 
  i guess macedonia is next !, 
  thanks , i appreciate your advice . 
  i 'm thinking of hitchhiking through macedonia on my way to albania . 
  thanks for the advice , i actually hiked olympus a week ago and my knees are still hurting . 
  might go to thessaloniki soon . 
  hehe , i 've been in greece for two months now , currently in volos  trying to decide where to go next . 
  hmm ... 
  i might be going there soon as a tourist . 
  good idea or bad idea ? 
  american here , my dad is greek and my mom is jewish . 
  and i visited greece all last spring . 
  seems there 's much more hatred against muslims , but even one of my cousins in greece joked with me about jews controlling us policy . 
  i cringed and tried to correct him with struggle . 
  some i assume bought data plans with whatever phone company . 
  and we also had a wifi hot spot on wheels , a big van we parked in the jungle during the day where refugees could charge their phones and use wifi . 
  the bus has its own fb page too !, 
  ( ca n't link because / r/europe does n't allow it ), 
  i really do n't know the numbers but i made a tent for a guy who i later heard made it . 
  their strategy is to swarm the highway at 3am to stop traffic and even though there 's a few dozen of them stopping cars only one or two will be able to hide in a truck . 
  so every night a few people try . 
  to relax and keep up hopes , every sunday we had a cricket match in the jungle of afghanis and volunteers , as most of us were british . 
  the refugees crushed us every time as they practiced every evening as the sunset . 
  a short walk away was a huge , gorgeous beach where refugees swam in , sunbathed , and played football . 
  on clear days you could even see england on the other side . 
  many refugees had cell phones to call home , play games , or chat on facebook . 
  there were only a few places with good cell phone reception , so it was kind of funny seeing tons of refugees crowding on a hillside . 
  we built them a `` disco '' where they could play music in a sort of dance club , and also a gym where they could lift weights . 
  more casually , they just hung out and played cards around their tents and drank lots of tea . 
  a few reasons : 1 ) most of them ( sudanese and afghani ) already know english , so they do n't want to go somewhere where they 'd have to learn a new language . 
  2 ) they already have family or friends in the u.k. 3 ) as bad as the u.k. treats refugees , it 's better than many other countries . 
  for example the asylum process in the u.k. takes only three months but in france it could take two years . 
  it 's hard getting into the u.k. but once you 're in it 's easy to get asylum . 
  granted , this was the info i got before brexit , so there 's probably new changes . 
  correct . 
  but the ferry port and chunnel entrance are in different places . 
  and you do n't see much because the multiple bleach white barbed wire fences are in the way . 
  i volunteered at the jungle for a month last summer . 
  ama , or pm me for an essay i wrote about my experience . 
  i ca n't post it here because it has my real name on it . 
  the chunnel entrance and the jungle were on opposite sides of calais , so , no , brits were not immediately greeted by refugees . 
  also puerto rico !, 
  while trying to hitchhike from dubrovnik to montenegro a guy pulled over offering a ride . 
  he asked where i wanted to go but then after realizing i wanted to go to montenegro he pulled away saying , `` fuck them , they wanted to kill us in the war ! '', 
  i 've couchsurfed all over europe , and while i 've seen that glass half wall many times there 's equally many homes that do n't even have that and it 's just open space for water to fall to the ground . 
  i 've been told though that europeans just take shorter showers while sitting down in the tub , so that makes sense . 
  why do n't you have shower curtains ?!, 
  especially in the balkans i noticed this . 
  the water gets all over the bathroom floor , then you have a mop and bucket to clean it up . 
  would n't a shower curtain fix that ?? 
  public toilets costing money is also annoying , as well as public toilets not having seats . 
  what if i have crohn 's disease and i have spontaneous explosive diarrhea , and i do n't happen to have the 50 cents in my pocket , so i jump the gate and the toilet guard gets mad at me for `` stealing the toilet '' . 
  then i have to sit on the rim of the toilet because there 's no seat . 
  why ? 
  uh no , it 's more complicated than that  under eu law , asylum seekers have to remain in the first european country they enter . 
  this is known as the `` dublin '' regulation after the 1990 summit at which the original system was adopted ( coming into force seven years later ) . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/oct/07/dublin-regulation-european-asylum-seekers ) i also volunteered for a month at the jungle refugee camp , so i know this from experience talking to knowledgeable people . 
  good point , thanks . 
  even after living in europe over a year i 'm still learning , 
  would n't this be more interesting for us americans to do ? 
  i 'm a fourth generation american but ... all of dad 's family : greek mom 's : prussian jewish ( mix of poland , lithuania , russia , ukraine ), 
  actually we voted for public transport in raleigh , north carolina but check out the wording :  * referendum *  * one-half percent local sales and use tax *  one-half percent ( 1/2 % ) local sales and use taxes , in addition to the current local sales and use taxes , to be used only for public transportation systems . 
   ___ for  ___ against \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  i ate that thing in paris a year ago . 
  it was ok but i do n't recommend it . 
  how ??? 
  rough calculation , that would get to lisbon in less than two hours . 
  someone please tell me i 'm wrong . 
  i prefer the heat . 
  i just drink more water and take several cold showers throughout the day . 
  but i have seasonal affective disorder and i 'd rather get melanoma than depression ... 
  i spent over a year backpacking in europe and loved it . 
  your public transportation is awesome . 
  healthcare . 
  culture . 
  food . 
  friends i made . 
  america sucks . 
  i `` grew up '' while traveling . 
  my old friends in america do n't know me anymore . 
  i 've moved on , matured . 
  this had nothing to do with the election actually . 
  clinton is way too conservative for me . 
  i wanted to escape now matter who won . 
  ... yes, 
  i 've done wwoofing a lot . 
  while i appreciate and respect farm laborers it 's too physically intensive for me : /, 
  i also worked at a summer camp in romania , an organic farm in romania , and cooked for a family on a greek island, 
   ask your parents/relatives to give you 400 usd a month . 
  they ca n't afford that . 
  i have no health insurance . 
  no university degree .
