  which , honestly , is a shitty way to do business already , but the problem was tspiras tried to negotiate from a position of power that he did n't really have . 
  well , at least , i agree with you ... yeah , i think the demand for greek tourism is quite inelastic . 
  it 's a testament to greece 's natural beauty , and how well it 's maintained , the overall quality of the `` product '' is outstanding , a 6 % raise in price , i think , is n't that much of an impact overall . 
  besides , it 's not exactly * cheap * in the first place - if i want cheap , i go to turkey and go through all the hassle of going to a non-eu country for vacation , with greece , it 's still the eu , it 's still `` local '' . 
  if i 'm ready to pay 500 euros to go on vacation to greece for a weekend , i would n't really care that i have to pay 503 euros , hell , not even if i had to pay 600 euros , y' know ? 
  i can guarantee you that a tourist who can afford to go to greece for vacation wo n't really care about a 6 % overall increase in price . 
  the people who would already choose other places to go on vacation , or they save up and go next year . 
  quote from an article in 2012 :  greece has struggled to attract major investment with many of its public companies running substantial losses . 
  the hellenic railways organization ( ose ) , for example , had racked up debt of more than $ 11 billion before undergoing restructuring last year . 
  i do n't think you have to be germany to let your railway company rack up ** 11 billion euros ** in debt and not , y' know , do something about it . 
  by comparison , the romanian railway company , also owned by the state , owes 400 mill . 
  euros and they 're already talking about heavily restructuring it . 
  how do you let a company get such horrible results , yet it 's still not your fault ? 
  yeah , and greece 's recession gathered momentum because they failed to do what they originally promised - [ raise 15 bil . 
  euros through privatization of many state-owned companies ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2012-07-11/greeces-next-task-raising-15-billion-euros-through-privatizations ) , a figure revised from the previous 50 bil . 
  when they got their first loan . 
  they only managed to raise 3 bil. , and right before syriza came to power they outright threatened to imprison anybody who was involved in said privatization attempts , and once they did come to power , they declared all previous deals null and void . 
  if they had managed to sell off at least half of what they promised , they would n't be in this situation right now , as their costs would have been more sustainable , coupled with extra money in the `` bank '' from aforementioned sales , would have led to the current crisis not being of this magnitude . 
  in 2010 , the greek government promised to raise 50 bil . 
  euros by privatizing some of the state-owned companies , which they then changed to 15 bil . 
  in 2013 , yet in total they only managed to raise ~ 3 bil . 
  the initial bailouts were supposed to keep the country afloat until they got themselves back into shape . 
  the reason why they have n't done almost anything to raise the promised money through privatization is because a private business would run said company as a business - exposing all of greece 's domestic governance issues upfront , coupled with syriza 's half-threat that anybody involved in privatizations would be tried by the government after they took power . 
  the new government put all other already-agreed deals on hold while it tried to renegotiate , and all they 've managed to do is put a stop on all other proposed reforms , which lead to the current crisis . 
  i 'm not discounting eu 's fault in all this , of course , but it seems to me that the new greek government refused the proposed reforms and tried to re-negotiate from a position of power that they did n't really have - with the current disastrous results . 
  alright , thank you for explaining it to me , i had some erroneous information and started from the wrong premise . 
  it makes a lot of sense when you put it that way . 
  but i am pro-immigration . 
  i just think it 's only fair to expect immigrants to adapt to the established culture rather than try to change it to be more like the place they left . 
  after all , if the country they left was so great , they would n't have left in the first place , it seems really idiotic to move from a shithole to a nice place and then try to wreck that place so it 's more like the shithole you left . 
  again , most left people i know think the same way , and i do n't see how that 's in any way racist - it applies to all immigrants , not just the ones from a certain place or of a certain color . 
  i think you 're wrong . 
  it 's not the * left * ( again , i 'm using my own country as an example , as that 's the one i know , i do n't know how it is in other places ) that believes that , it 's just naive people that do . 
  i really do n't understand how trying to protect your cultural heritage or the integrity of your country is seen as discriminatory . 
  what you say is very true , and i agree with most your points , except :  i do n't think that is really the case . 
  the screening process of people who claim asylum in europe is excessive . 
  they check with interpol , intelligence agencies , authorities in their countries of origin , passport , interviews etc. 
  is n't the current issue that italy is n't doing anything to identify these people ? 
  i remember reading that italy accepts them en masse and most times does n't even ask for their names , which is what led to the current crisis . 
   so i think your idea that nigerians have it easier to get here and make a live for themselves than romanians is simply wrong . 
  i did n't mean that nigerians have an automatically easier way to get to western europe than romanians have , just that some people are taking advantage of the refugee status , along with italy 's seeming unwillingness or inability to fully check if they 're actual refugees or just economic migrants , and seemingly skip the regular immigration process for non-eu countries . 
  i never said we should n't accept refugees or that we should send them back or anything like that . 
  i 'm just advocating being a bit more careful with unchecked immigration , i do n't understand why i have to keep saying this over and over . 
  completely closing borders or turning all refugees away is a stupid solution , i agree . 
  all i 'm saying , and maybe i went about saying it the wrong way , is that i wish there was a lot more oversight on who should be allowed to legally seek asylum and people who use it as a sort of loophole to skip out on respecting immigration laws . 
  ( sorry for double post )  and morocco , algeria , libya are not save harbours . 
  racism and discrimination against sub-saharan refugees is rampant . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's a pretty bad argument . 
  racism and discrimination are rampant everywhere , if that is a criteria for getting refugee status , i should have gotten it many times over . 
  besides , refugees flee war-torn areas , and last i heard plenty of african countries are n't currently involved in any conflicts . 
  if they were trying to save their families from civil war and whatnot , morocco or algeria or cameroon are peaceful enough that most of those people would n't have to be afraid . 
  mozambique , for example , has been a safe , democratic country for the last 20 years , with excellent economic growth and job opportunities - there is no reason why refugees ca n't ask for asylum there , except to take advantage of the systems in place in the eu . 
  i 'm not blaming them for trying , do n't get me wrong . 
  i totally understand * why * they do it , it just seems to me that claiming refugee status is seen as an easy way to move here without respecting the same requirements everybody else has to . 
  that 's not my point , though . 
  i 'm not saying that i should have a better chance of living in western europe than someone from nigeria , i 'm saying that people from nigeria ( for example ) should n't have an abuse-able loophole to have a better chance at living in western europe than i do . 
   romania is n't exactly an economic powerhouse , but apart from corruption ( which you are working on ) and widespread poverty/unemployment you have it pretty good there . 
  even traveling to other countries is prohibitively expensive for a vast majority of romanians . 
  i 'm not saying we do n't have it better than a lot of african countries , but where do you draw the line ? 
  widespread corruption , poverty and unemployment do not make a `` pretty good place to live '' in any case - if the mafia threatened my life , i 'm supposed to go to the police , not seek asylum in italy . 
  not saying it 's necessarily a comparable situation , but if i did that at least the police would investigate it - which , according to what i 've read , a lot of countries do n't do . 
  it just seems to me that a lot of people claim refugee status so they can get in the eu without respecting the rules imposed on everybody . 
  again , i 'm not talking about actual refugees who have no other choices , it would be inhumane to turn those people back . 
  i just wish there was an actual effort done to actually check which of the immigrants are here because they have no other choice and which are here because they want to take advantage of the rules . 
  in my opinion , if there 's a loophole , the solution is to plug the loophole , or at least make it harder to take advantage of it , and not just turn a blind eye to possible abuses because nobody wants to make an actual effort . 
   to comply with the un refugee convention you then have to check on a case by case base if that person is a legitimate asylum seekers . 
  because if they are , you have to protect them . 
  ok , i think i 'm talking out of my ass , because i thought the problem was that italy was n't doing it . 
  my impression was that italy accepted said refugees because the influx has been so big lately that they do n't have the time/money/manpower to check every case individually . 
  are they checking ? 
  ok , that 's fair enough , in my righteous outrage i did n't even consider the human rights issues with it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not against immigration or accepting refugees , i just think the system that 's in place right now could do with a bit more oversight . 
  if the vast majority of people were actual refugees from war-torn countries , you 'd see a lot more women and children - most reports i 've read mention how a majority of thepeople coming over are able-bodied men . 
  look , i 'm not saying to completely shut down borders and not allow any refugees or anything like that , i just want stricter controls on who gets to claim that refugee status , as ( again , from reports i 've read - i have no first-hand experience with massive immigration , since nobody wants to move to romania ) a lot of people are just abusing the current system . 
  i have to respect certain rules and fulfill certain requirements if i want to move to , like , the netherlands , and i 'm an eu citizen . 
  it just seems like too many people use the refugee status to just skip that completely . 
   these transfers have recently taken on a particularly appalling aspect . 
  thousands upon thousands of people are trying to flee the war zones . 
  they pay traffickers large sums to afford them passage across the mediterranean in unseaworthy vessels . 
  yeah , no , that 's bullshit . 
  most of these people come to europe from non-war-torn countries , as they 've already made it to safety . 
  there 's no refuge that europe offers that morocco does n't . 
  i 'm not denying that some of them are actual refugees or have no other choices , but the simple matter is that some of these people use refugee status to take advantage of economic opportunities . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that by itself , but we have laws about immigration and residency in a foreign country , and people are pissed off that some `` refugees '' are just doing it so they can skip the proper procedures . 
  well , my bad , i thought it was an actual thing , way too many people are arguing against it . 
  i meant it more like offer refugee status to people who come here directly from wartorn countries . 
  people who move to europe from , like , egypt or morocco and claim refugee status are coming here from peaceful nations - they 've already reached safety , they have no reason to come here except to take advantage of the economic opportunities offered by europe . 
  i 'm not saying immigration should be completely stopped , but way too many people are taking advantage of the `` refugee '' status just so they can skip out on following immigration procedure . 
  as long as people follow the legal procedure and attempt to integrate , i have absolutely no problem with immigration . 
   leftist dream christ , i hate these generalizations , no wonder so many people disagree with this sentiment , all you 're doing is diving people even more . 
  i 'm hardcore bleeding-heart liberal , and i 'm against unchecked immigration , especially against people who do n't even attempt to integrate ( muslims being the clearest offenders ) . 
  the current immigration requirements are way too lax in my opinion , and they need to be tightened up across the board , and i 'd do away with `` economic refugee '' status completely , as well as create a european institution to check the situation of all supposed refugees that come to the eu . 
  i do n't know if they already do it , but i 'd make language and history tests mandatory when asking for citizenship . 
  most left-leaning people i know think about the same , even our leftist , populist government is against unchecked immigration . 
  it 's basic common sense to want to protect your national integrity in any way possible in my opinion . 
  that being said , i have no problem with immigrants that attempt to integrate . 
  i 've met some perfectly fine african immigrants in bucharest , who came here to work , and they both seemed happy to be here and to attempt to integrate in our culture . 
  i have no problem with those people , and i ca n't think of many reasons why anybody would . 
  an influx of immigrants is not by itself the problem imo . 
  huge influx of immigrants who try to change europe so it 's more like the shithole they left is what the problem is .
