  `` please do n't be black '' ? 
  why ? 
  is one person responsible for an entire race ? 
  i ca n't make heads or tails of your `` argument '' , it makes no logical sense . 
   stereotypes exist , get over it aaaah , so it 's racism . 
  no wonder it did n't make any sense . 
  giving more people more money leads to more people buying more stuff , stimulating the economy . 
  it 's as causative as it gets . 
  as it pertains to the bottom 20 % , we 're talking about people who can afford food , housing , amenities and that 's it - they rarely buy luxuries or spend on expensive leisure because they have to save money to afford the aforementioned food and amenities . 
  if they do n't have to worry about those , they can start spending on other things , again , stimulating the economy . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21644209-romanias-anti-corruption-agency-makes-welcome-waves-cleaning-up ) is a pretty good write-up , though it 's fairly old compared to how the dna ( anticorruption agency ) is moving ... they 're currently going after the current prime minister , but he 's just the latest in a series of well publicized , high profile corruption cases . 
  i think it 's also because it 's massively cheap . 
  you can get a 1gbps connection for ~ $ 12 / month over here . 
  that is one pissed off kid , he looks ready to slap someone . 
  that article is insane and sometimes even childish . 
  a few of the entries are good , but most of them are fucking annoyingly wrong . 
   every four years the properties of the balls change . 
  they have grown lighter , bouncier and more volatile in flight . 
  they are ruining the game . 
  i know there were problems with the 2010 ball , but nobody complained about the one from 2014 . 
  improving the ball in absolutely no way `` ruins the game '' . 
  also , blaming eastman and bosman for players being able to make a living out of football is incredibly dishonest . 
  the football clubs absolutely were at fault in both those instances , and complaining that workers have more rights is insulting . 
  i hate the idea that football players have to have some sort of loyalty to `` the colors '' or anything , football is a job , nobody would send me death threats if i stopped working for one it company and started working for another . 
   he makes the good players very rich . 
  nevertheless , this has the whiff of indenture , which is a polite word for slavery . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  falcao made 10 mil . 
  euros / season * after tax * at monaco , how in any way is that similar to any form of indentured servitude ? 
   in sport , tradition matters . 
  murdoch does n't seem to care . 
  holy fuck , out of all the insane and absolutely illegal shit murdoch has done , * not being a traditionalist * is what this article blames him for ? 
  give me a fucking break , this shit is laughable . 
  and the last entry just made me groan . 
  overall , terrible fucking article . 
  is there anyone the croatians do n't give football shirts to ? 
  man , there is absolutely no way spain has so many fat people . 
  i spent a few days in madrid in january and i saw literally 0 fat people . 
  all those damn stairs everywhere !, 
  yeah , major constructive discussion going on in a thread where the top voted comment is literally `` it 's bullshit that mods have the power to control content '' . 
  yup , that 's not biased at all . 
  also , i modified the previous comment right after i posted it , and you might not have seen it , so i 'll restate . 
   i did try that and i even wrote that `` now , i tried contacting mods but contact them regarding your questions on the topic at hand - i.e. 
  why was your post removed but the other one allowed . 
  it 's insanely simple and takes 45 seconds tops . 
  you said you contacted them after your post was removed , and you got an answer for it . 
   i ca n't understand why my content is not ok and this one is , and i hope you guys can help me understand . 
  use modmail and stop acting like a victim for having a post removed , it 's really that simple . 
  nobody here can give you an answer to your questions or whatever except for mods . 
  use modmail , the only reason to post a thread like this is to start shit , get `` the people '' behind you and start a mob , which reddit is great for . 
   i did try that and i even wrote that `` now , i tried contacting mods but contact them regarding your questions on the topic at hand - i.e. 
  why was your post removed but the other one allowed . 
  it 's insanely simple and takes 45 seconds tops . 
  stop acting like you 're a young naive debutante , you know exactly what you 're doing . 
  you say you `` let it go since it 's not that important '' , yet here you are , posting this thread about it , trying to start shit against mods who actually do a good job on this sub . 
  christ , i hate topics like this . 
  if you have an issue that you need an answer for * from the mods * , send a modmail , that 's why it 's there for . 
  but they 're both part of a much larger issue , and talking about either of them individually will never lead to any result . 
  context is important . 
  the only way the wage gap all but vanishes is for women ceos between 35-40 years old who are single and have no children who earn about the same as a man in a comparable position . 
  men of the same age have no `` restriction '' of the sort , a man does n't have to choose between career and family , a man can successfully have both , and having a family has no impact on the man 's wages . 
  no , i watched the video , but you ca n't discuss about the wage gap in a vacuum , because reality does n't exist without context . 
  it 's a complex issue that has multiple aspects and multiple causes . 
  talking about the wage gap as if it 's a single thing that can be simply solved or disproved by mathematics is an extremely narrow view , that 's missing vital information . 
  it 's an uninformed opinion , not a fact . 
  both the links i posted have real sources from real scientific studies , and they 're both extremely relevant to the discussion . 
  you ca n't discount * why * the wage gap exists and then declare that it does n't . 
  that is a wrong conclusion , starting from a wrong assumption . 
  he is discounting the [ inherent sexism ] ( http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/unofficial-prognosis/2012/09/23/study-shows-gender-bias-in-science-is-real-heres-why-it-matters/ ) of [ hr people ] ( https://hbr.org/2014/07/its-time-to-split-hr ) ( and humanity in general ) . 
   with conscription , all male citizens are forced to join the military or alternative service . 
  girls are free to start earning money or pursuing education . 
  do n't talk like this is an eu universal , romania for example does n't have forced draft or conscription . 
   many countries but not all of them , so it 's not a eu-wide problem . 
  again . 
   positive action mandates discrimination of men in employment . 
  a woman is automatically hired over an equally qualified man , regardless of the man 's personal situation . 
  that is a vast misrepresentation of what `` positive action '' is . 
  first of all , `` positive action '' does not * mandate * anything , it 's a set of guidelines intended to promote equal opportunities in the workplace . 
  which , again , has nothing to do with the eu , as far as i know , since it 's not a universal rule or anything of the sort . 
   many countries do n't legally recognize male victims of domestic violence uh , citation needed ? 
  i think you mean many * groups * do n't recognize male domestic violence , like that one designed specifically to end man-on-woman abuse and only that ( i forgot what it was called ) . 
  then again , there 's plenty of support groups for men as well , like [ hiddenhurt ] ( http://www.hiddenhurt.co.uk/male_victims_of_domestic_violence.html ) or [ help guide ] ( http://www.helpguide.org/articles/abuse/help-for-abused-men.htm ) . 
   in sweden and spain , a woman is free to assault her boyfriend , even with weapons , and there 's nothing the police can do except arrest the man as no legal code for male victims exist [ citation needed ], 
  there is no point , none of those articles mention romania . 
  it 's a situation that has nothing to do with romania or romanians . 
  it has nothing to do with anything at all . 
  i 've wasted enough time with you . 
  ah , you 're an idiot , i see . 
  i thought you were trying to make an actual point , but no . 
  what does that have to do with buying stuff from private companies , or with having `` any shred of decency left '' ? 
  what does that have to do with romania at all ? 
   any shread of decency left wtf are you even talking about ? 
  it 's what plants crave !, 
  i know shit 's bad right now , with all that starving bullshit , and the dust storms , and we are running out of french fries and burrito coverings ... 
  but i got ta solution !, 
  are any of the romanian beers sold anywhere else in europe ? 
  has anybody ever had a ciucas or an ursus anywhere other than romania ? 
  wow , really ? 
  you really think russia is paying people to come post comments on reddit ? 
  go to / r/worldnews and you 'll find those sorts of idiotic comments all over the place .
