  that 's like saying `` england was conquered by normandy , so france 's debt is relevant '' , which it is n't for this particular subject . 
  i think the point op was making ( though i 'm not sure , it 's just my interpretation ) is something along the lines of `` we went through way worse and came out alright , stop acting like this will literally destroy greece . '', 
  i might be wrong , though . 
  romania was never part of the soviet union , so none of that has any bearing on ... anything , really , at least regarding this particular topic . 
  it 's like you did n't even read the link op posted . 
  and the austerity measures imposed here were several orders of magnitude worse than * anything * suggested for greece nowadays . 
  just limit it `` due to geographical reasons '' , nobody would ever figure it out !, 
  i wonder , though , is it a case of `` we 've got our hands full with the last few entries , we ca n't take you right now '' or `` ewww , if you did n't get in by 2013 , you 're too much of a shithole '' . 
  as in , they 're prepared to enlarge the eu in the future , once shit dies down , or this is the limit of the eu for the foreseeable future ( at least until 2030 imo ) . 
  what a truly balanced , fully informed and objective view !, 
  well , the problem is that greece does n't have any money left , and it ca n't start redressing itself without a new loan and some major restructuring of both their current debt and their internal revenue ( tax , export etc. ), 
  system . 
  since they ca n't get any new loans , they 're pretty fucked right now . 
   even offered to erase the debt once greece is able to support itself again . 
  how are they supposed to support themselves if they 're horribly in debt and , further , would n't it make more sense to delay loan repayments until greece can support itself ? 
  once greece can afford to start paying people back , nobody is gon na wipe the debt away then . 
  oh , my bad , i did n't realize it was about only the balkans , i thought it was about the eu in total . 
  hey , at least you 're last amongst the first world , that has to mean something !, 
  well , still , it 's not like the average wages are that high to begin with . 
  a really good salary in bucharest is about 1000 euros , that 's less than half of what an average salary is in western europe ... 
  just in the eu , not the whole of europe . 
  our brothers in moldova hold that distinction , it 's not even a contest . 
   they do n't , they have a primary surplus . 
  it ca n't recover when it has to send its surplus ( 4,5 % , that 's a huge profit , even for steady economies ) to outside countries instead of investing it in their own economy . 
  i completely agree with that . 
   which they have been approving for five years , and now suddenly they disapprove when a leftist party comes to power ? 
  how coincidental . 
  oh , i 'm pretty sure the hardline taken by troika was in reaction to their dislike of tsipras . 
  considering how he 's viewed nowadays , i think it 's not inconceivable that some concessions that would have otherwise been made have been refused out of spite . 
   the current situation is the result of five years of austerity . 
  this is where i disagree with you . 
  sure , some of the initial estimations by troika were completely wrong , but nobody is out to intentionally bankrupt greece or to `` blackmail the dignity of the greek people '' or whatever the fuck . 
  the situation as it is right now is the result of five years of shitty greek government , syriza included . 
  again - i 'm not discounting the faults of the troika , as it also played a major part in it , but i just think that overall , if syriza never came to power , there would have never been talks of greece defaulting right now . 
   etc. 
  so ... we 're in agreement about the blame then ? 
  huh , that 's weird , i did n't encounter one . 
  i copy/pasted the content :  klaus iohannis 's election as romania 's president broke several records . 
   the country 's first ethnic german president swept to office in november thanks in part to a record number of votes from nearly 400,000 romanians living abroad . 
  with 1.5 m facebook followers , he also has more digital fans than any other european politician . 
   the victory of the mayor of the small transylvanian city of sibiu over the powerful political machine of victor ponta , the prime minister , was hailed as emblematic of the embrace of a newer , cleaner politics seven years after romania joined the eu . 
   mr iohannis has supported the dna anti-corruption agency , set up under eu pressure in 2005 , in its battle with mr ponta 's social democratic party but critics say he has often been relegated to the role of bystander . 
   but in his first major english language interview as president , mr iohannis says his desire to clean up romanian politics remains . 
  `` many expect quick changes , which are obviously not going to happen immediately , '' he says . 
   `` but by expressing views , by saying things , by bringing people 's attention to things , this moves things -- but at a slow pace . ''  sitting in a wing of the cotroceni palace in bucharest modified by nicolae ceausescu , the former communist dictator , mr iohannis has a measured tone that marks him out from many of his opponents . 
   for the 93 per cent of romanians who believe graft remains endemic among the post-communist political elites , the former physics teacher represents a rupture with the establishment -- the new face of an open and western-minded romania . 
   mr iohannis 's most significant interventions have been to support the dna and the pressure he has put on mps to reject a bill granting politicians an amnesty from prosecution . 
   dna prosecutors won more than 1,000 convictions last year and indicted a further 1,100 suspects . 
  more than 90 per cent of those indicted were convicted -- performance hailed as exemplary by its supporters and disturbing by its critics . 
   `` there is no way around it , you can not fight corruption with white gloves , '' he says . 
  `` it will take as long as is necessary . ''  dawn raids and the arrests of prominent business and political figures are a daily feature of romanian life . 
  analysts say the mood in bucharest 's government circles darkened in april when dan sova , a close associate of mr ponta , was charged . 
   the anti-graft campaign has now entered what mr iohannis calls `` an ugly phase '' , with prosecutors turning their attention to mr ponta himself . 
  he is suspected of involvement in fraud and a conflict of interest in appointing mr sova to a government role . 
   the prime minister denies the charges and won a confidence motion in parliament comfortably a week after the allegations became public . 
  he has since taken a month-long leave of absence for treatment in istanbul for a knee injury . 
  mr iohannis insists he should quit . 
   `` the best way to deal with it is to resign , '' he says . 
  `` if he 's not guilty as he claims , then there is no problem . 
  but it 's unacceptable for a european country to have its prime minister accused by prosecutors of illegal acts . ''  analysts say the government is in survival mode and elections are likely before its term expires in november 2016 . 
  mr iohannis recently appointed gabriel oprea as interim prime minister pending mr ponta 's return from turkey . 
   mr iohannis ' responsibilities are not just domestic . 
  he is also one of 27 eu leaders whose support david cameron , the uk prime minister , must win if he wants to redefine britain 's relationship with the union . 
   romanian officials describe some of mr cameron 's proposals , such as shutting off eu workers in britain from tax credits for four years , as unacceptable . 
   mr iohannis said he understands mr cameron 's need to address public concerns on migration and welfare fraud but warns against proposals that would discriminate against romanians . 
   `` freedom of movement is extremely important for the eu -- it is one of the principles upon which the union is built . ''  mr iohannis also reaffirms romania 's commitment to eu sanctions against russia for its actions in ukraine and welcomed nato 's increasing presence in romania , which hosted more than 100 military exercises this year . 
   `` this is an important reassurance for romania as a country right on the eastern flank [ of the alliance ] . 
  on the black sea coast , we see very frequent flyovers by russian planes , '' he says . 
   but if romania continues to struggle with the fallout from corruption allegations , mr iohannis may find domestic challenges crowd out foreign policy concerns . 
  as greece has shown , not every government is as efficient as the german one is - and indiscriminate cuts usually end up damaging the economy much more than a targeted austerity package would . 
  honestly , i would n't mind eu keeping an eye on where the various governments are making cuts . 
  i 'm pretty sure some of them are by now . 
  considering how tsipras is viewed nowadays , i think it 's not inconceivable that some concessions that would have otherwise been made have been refused out of spite . 
   it is if it does n't last . 
  it did n't last because syriza came to power and stopped doing the shit that led to the slight raise in gdp growth . 
   until the greek economy has recovered an economy ca n't recover when they spend much , much more than they bring in , doubly so when they ca n't get any more loans . 
  you ca n't keep propping up unprofitable companies and somehow still expect to have a functional economy . 
  greece had an economy propped up by lies and extensive loans for the last 30 years or so . 
  i agree that the privatization attempts have been corrupt ( with the greek casino being one of the clearest examples of it ) , and what they did sell off was pretty underwhelming ( i think the second biggest deal involved a german company buying 30 % of a company that they already owned 40 % of or something along those lines ) , but i fail to see how that 's anybody 's fault but theirs . 
  privatization is n't demonic in itself , it helped romania shave off some extra expenses when they privatized a few petrol companies , and now romania is recovering and has the highest gdp growth in southern or eastern europe . 
  but even with how corrupt our government is ( and it 's wholly corrupt ) , even * they * understood that you ca n't have a sustainable country if you do n't have any money . 
   it 's the response of the greek people to the abusive austerity imo . 
  if syriza is discredited , the next step is golden dawn . 
  and the current situation is the lenders ' response to how shitty greece has been run . 
  i understand what you 're saying , and i completely understand the plight of the greek people ( having lived through the post-communist era , i have first hand experience with what it 's like to live in a third world country ) , i just disagree that the current situation is preferable to what would have been if greece kept up its end of the bargain , so to speak . 
  that and i dislike the idea that eu is more guilty than greece is for the current situation . 
  wtf , [ greece proposes a third bailout ?!, 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jun/30/greek-debt-crisis-day-of-decision-for-tsipras#block-55929b27e4b07d838e3d2af0 ), 
  heh , we have a saying in romania - `` we 'd all be twice as rich if they stole 5 % less '' . 
  the absolute undeniable fact is that at least 95 % of them are corrupt to the bone , down to the local level . 
  mayor of buttfuck , nowhere will lie and cheat and steal and build mansions out of the taxpayer 's money once he takes office . 
  corruption and politics in romania are intertwined to an almost fundamental level , you ca n't even get into a leading position in a party , any party , without demonstrating you hold a certain amount of influence that you can exploit . 
   `` there is no way around it , you can not fight corruption with white gloves , '' he says . 
  `` it will take as long as is necessary . '' i hope he keeps to his word , we ** really ** need some cleaning up . 
  i agree with you that this is dangerous uncharted territory , and different choices should have been made all ` round right from the start . 
  and i can assure you nobody wants greece to default , but after a certain point all you can do is cut your losses , economically speaking . 
   that 's just your assertion . 
  of course , i 'm just presenting my point of view , i never meant to imply that it 's the absolute truth . 
  it 's just the way i see things , i might be entirely incorrect . 
   a mere fluctuation in growth rates means nothing .
