  but the campaign happened , i was just attempting to correct your statement that `` romanians [ ... ] imagine insults where none exist . '', 
  government , newspapers , tv stations . 
  channel 4 even had that documentary `` the romanians are coming '' . 
   romanians - stop worrying , you are equals among europeans . 
  arguably . 
  germany , netherlands and the uk keep blocking us from entering schengen zone even though we fulfill all the criteria for it . 
  uk even had that campaign against romanians and bulgarians moving to england and sponging off your social security services , as if we 're vampires who only suck the life blood out of countries and do n't provide anything in return . 
  i 'd say we 're * starting * to become equals , but we 're far from it at the moment . 
  iceland !, 
   new policies emerge after leicestershire police ridiculed for ** not investigating burglaries at odd-numbered houses ** wait , what ?!, 
  why ? 
  that makes no sense !, 
  what is the reason for this , i did n't see one given in the article . 
  what do finns think of that johan backman guy ? 
  he 'd be a laughing stock in romania , i 'm curious how he 's viewed in finland . 
  i think it was implied in the article that most eu countries look to germany to pursue eu-centered interests , it 's only `` bad '' insofar as it might lead to an even less united eu , since so many countries rely on germany . 
  nobody can fault germany for pursuing national interests , i think , since everybody does it already . 
  well , i dunno . 
  do n't most eu countries have a standing army ? 
  you do n't get it , that was just the advanced scouting party - they will strip all metals from your tanks and planes and sell it for scrap and then send the money back home , thereby propping up the local economy for another 2-3 years and at the same time weakening your armies !, 
  once all metal has been stripped from western europe , we 'll move in and take it over and then build our glorious [ chirpici ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mudbrick ) houses !, 
   there 's a difference between can and will that 's what made the whole thing so infuriating and dehumanizing ; over here it all felt like `` oh , no , romanians and bulgarians will have the same rights as we do , we 'd better make sure we restrict them so we can continue to maintain our superiority ! '', 
  as if we 're some inhuman vampires who only suck the life force out of countries and provide literally nothing . 
  that is a really stupid comparison , though - they 're taking into account all eu countries vs. just the uk . 
  i 'm willing to bet that if you use the same comparison points , every country comes up with similar results - more people claim benefits in other places than eu nationals in said country . 
  because you ca n't compare 1 country vs 28 countries . 
  next , greece is gon na be held upside down by the ankles until the last few coins fall out of its pockets . 
  time to create the new bulgaromanian empire !, 
  http://www.dw.com/en/no-more-muhammad-comics-says-charlie-hebdo-editor-sourisseau/a-18590426?maca=en-rss-en-all-1573-rdf  the editor said that the magazine had done what it set out to do . 
  `` we 've done our job . 
  we have defended the right to caricature , '' sourisseau said . 
  `` we still believe that we have the right to criticize all religions , '' the editor said , adding that he did not want to believe that the magazine `` was possessed by islam . '', 
   `` he no longer interests me , '' luz told les inrockuptibles in an interview published on its website on wednesday . 
   `` i 've got tired of it , just as i got tired of drawing sarkozy . 
  i 'm not going to spend my life drawing them . '', 
  because , clearly , the only way to fight totalitarianism is through gun violence . 
  except for romania , all eastern european countries got rid of communism through non-violent protest . 
  romania had a violent revolution in which many , many people died . 
  i fail to see how that is preferable . 
  if we had guns , the [ mineriads ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mineriad ) would have been massacres . 
  idiot masses, 
  ugh , yes , you 're completely right , wanting guns out of the hands of the idiot masses ( and there are many , many idiots throughout the continent ) makes europe literally skate down a slippery slope towards totalitarian regimes , amirite ??? 
  it 's shit like this that makes people dislike americans commenting here - refusal to see any point other than your own and , more to the point , ~ ~ literally ~ ~ metaphoricallycomparing wanting gun control to communist china . 
  edit : wrong usage of `` literally '' . 
   the attacks against charlie hebdo prompted the magazine 's managing editor to declare that it would no longer depict and publish the prophet muhammed . 
  uh , no . 
  they had multiple caricatures of muhammad after the attacks . 
  the reason why they stopped doing them was basically `` it 's only satire if it 's funny , and it stopped being funny '' . 
  they stopped doing 'em because they ran out of ideas . 
  they never said they 'll never do them again ever , and never said that it was because of the attacks . 
  if it was , they would have stopped immediately after them , not * months * after . 
  this article starts from the wrong premise . 
  romania did exactly the opposite of that , and the only result was roughly 20 more years of communist leadership disguised as `` democratic parties '', 
   all you 've known has been a peaceful , first-world developed nation . 
  so have you , yet you 're commenting like usa has the final solution to oppression while you 've never experienced any . 
  lack of guns and at least a modicum of trust in the government has arguably made europe much safer than the us is or even has * ever * been . 
  semi-related , but do you have any idea how much a 2 bedroom apartment in chisinau would cost ? 
  hahaha , honestly i was already planning to visit moldova , but you 're right that hotel chisinau found a new customer :p my great-grandfather was from moldova , and he took everybody ( by which i mean all the males from my family ) back there at least once in their lives except me because he was already super old when i was born . 
  i 've always wanted to visit , just never had the chance . 
  sometimes you do n't want a flashy party vacation , just a nice , calm , relaxing time and that commercial honestly gives me a sort of `` summer with the grandparents '' vibe . 
  the first time i saw that video i was convinced it was satire ... then i watched it again and , extremely low production values aside , it 's actually not a bad commercial - it 's informative , concise and clearly states why hotel chisinau is so awesome . 
  even if it is ( which i sincerely doubt ) , it 's nothing but a windfall for romania . 
  are a lot of money for any country , doubly so for one of the poorest in europe . 
  his electoral platform was supporting the anti-corruption directorate and keeping it independent and out of political hands . 
  he 's a strong supporter , and he 's already blocked a bill parliament wanted to pass that would have severely curtailed dnas ability to pursue cases . 
  dacia existed for decades before renault took them over , and they put out cars since the 60s . 
  that 's fair enough , but even romania managed it with dacia , and we used to have crappy machinery and factories ( at least before renault took them over ) . 
  i 'm not saying they should instantly become an international megacorporation to rival mercedes , but a local brand of vehicle is always great to have imo . 
  damn , y' all should come up with a national brand , you clearly have the skill and the facilities to do it !, 
  do you have a local car brand ( like romania has/had with dacia ) ? 
  that is one badass name . 
  we invented the latin language , dacians were the first people on the moon , arsenie boca is the closest humanity will ever get to an orthodox pope superstar , the balkans are half as civilized as we are and we literally invented technology . 
  all of it . 
  do they espouse a better form of government or their political leanings ? 
  i 'd imagine being anti-eu would be pretty anti-right too , considering how many of the eu governments are right-leaning . 
  that website is ... weird . 
  it has some believable headlines , but then i read stuff like  the constitution of the eu 's dictatorship or  13 year old scientist finds perfect solution to the santa barbara oil spill or  israel intends blitzkrieg against iran nuclear deal or  [ the great satan ] ( http://www.thepeoplesvoice.org/tpv3/voices.php/2015/07/27/the-great-satan ) which is pretty weird considering it 's based in the us . 
  i do n't really see an overall ideology for these postings , seems more like ramblings of crazy people to me . 
  anti eu , anti us , anti israel , anti obama , nothing pro ( that i can see at least ) anything . 
  is this article satire ? 
   true to their own vocation as imperial overlords , the eu bosses saw the gross servility of syriza as an invitation to demand more concessions -- total surrender to perpetual debt peonage and mass impoverishment . 
  syriza 's demagogic leaders , yanis varoufakis and alexis tsipras , shifting from fits of hysteria to infantile egotism , denounced ` the germans and their blackmail ' and then performed a coy belly-crawl at the feet of the ` troika ' , peddling their capitulation to the bankers as ` negotiations ' and referring to their overlords as . 
  ` partners ' . 
  also this :  from their first day in office , syriza led the greek people down the blind alley of total submission to the german empire . 
  dae 4th reich ?? 
  i agree with your thoughts about russia-insider , but it 's not just vk/lj . 
   other people in the room were told they had passed the preliminary test and were set to work composing comments on two english-language articles about ukraine -- one by the new york times and another by cnn . 
   moldova 's former prime minister resigned june 16 after a probe into the authenticity of his high school diploma and university degree . 
  i mean , i can sort of get forging a university degree ( even our own prime minister sort of did it , kinda ) , but * high school * diploma ? 
  dammit , moldova , get it together !, 
   when massive protests against the gold mine erupted in 2013 , parliamentarians were debating a law which would have granted the corporation extraordinary powers : it would have mandated authorities to give the company all necessary permits for construction and exploration by set terms ( 15 days , 30 days , etc ) regardless of national legislation , court rulings or public participation requirements . 
  despite intending to pass this law initially , parliamentarians stepped back in the face of public anger . 
  most likely , it is the rejection of this law which gabriel considers as inaction by the romanian state leading to the loss of its investments . 
  this makes me laugh . 
  they 're suing romania because the government did n't pass a law to create loopholes for gabriel specifically . 
   gabriel is therefore effectively trying to make romanians pay for having pushed their legislators to do the right thing . 
  exactly . 
  `` fuck what your population wants , $  romania '', 
  romania and hungary should just get it on already . 
  all this `` will-they-won ` t-they '' sexual tension is getting tiresome .
