  i think europe incorrectly expected greece to operate at 100 % efficiency , which i think was unreasonable . 
  but i do n't think the troika were were ill-intentioned at any point after the crisis started , at least not directly . 
  i think they might have taken some hardline positions on some points in the last few months because of their dislike of syriza , but i think that they always wanted greece to become sustainable , rather than the presented narrative that they wanted to '' [ blackmail the greek dignity ] ( https://twitter.com/tsipras_eu/status/615224725137133569 ) '' or anything like that . 
  i think this vilification of the lenders had a major impact on the negotiations , and things like these are mainly greece 's fault . 
  well , duh , i received my complimentary bmw and 2-story house from the government , what has greece been doing ? 
  the difference is that the demand for greece 's tourism sector is inelastic , while the gambling sector is not . 
  a 10 % increase in prices would n't cut tourism to greece by 10 % , it would cut it by less than that and would have reached higher overall income . 
  if i 'm paying 500 euros to go to greece , i 'm not going to care that i have to spend 50 euros extra . 
  people who went on low-cost vacations already went to turkey or bulgaria or romania in the first place . 
  greece has its own special beauty that ca n't be replicated anywhere else , that 's the reason it became one of the most successful tourist sectors in the world in the first place . 
  it the reason why it could have withstood a hike in the first place . 
  i think it 's completely understandable that you 'd think like that , and i can relate to those feelings , but most people here incorrectly conflate the greek populace with the greek corrupt elite . 
  there 's this view on here that average citizens in greece are corrupt and do n't want to pay their taxes and they complain that they do n't have money but the fault is ultimately theirs for that and keeping the corrupt politicians in power . 
  i realize that people under 25 years are entirely not guilty of that , and it completely sucks that this is happening to them , but i think people here fail to realize that most times . 
  another feeling that i see fairly often portrayed over here is that of `` well , we went through it , why should greece act like it 's above us '' from a lot of the eastern european flags . 
  which to me , as a romanian , is pretty disturbing , considering the conditions most of us on here grew up in . 
  i shudder to think anybody who grew up in early 90 's romania would want anybody else to go through that type of poverty . 
  i think `` sheer panic '' is a bit strong , but i 'd be lying if i 'd be saying i did n't think the lenders are * at least * pretty scared right now . 
  though , more than that , i think they just seem clueless and are betting on the fact that they 're * pretty smart * ala `` we 'll figure it out '' , rather than an actual concrete plan . 
  `` blind arrogance '' more like ? 
  though that seems to harsh ... 
  i do n't think they 're ill-intentioned , just ... clueless . 
   why europe said no to higher taxation on gambling . 
  you raise a lot of good points throughout your post , this is where i disagree with you - the reason europe said no to higher taxation on gambling was exactly because the gambling sector * worked * in greece . 
  they refused the changes , at least on this occasion , because it could have potentially damaged one of the remaining actually-efficient sector in greece . 
  taxing it further would have further damaged greece 's economy more than it would have helped it . 
   when i read those hateful comments i wonder , do these people really understand what 's going on in greece ? 
  i think , having grown up during both the worst communism and capitalism had to offer in the late-80s and early-90s romania , that most people really do n't . 
  and i shudder to think that * anybody * who went to through the despair that abject poverty of those times would ever want anybody else to go through that . 
  it outrages me that anybody who knows what it 's like to be * poor * would ever want that on anybody else , but , unfortunately , that 's the mentality among many people from poorer countries . 
  i have to admit , though , that the perceived greek `` superiority complex '' to a lot of its balkan neighbors has n't helped opinion , but i would think that empathy would triumph ... that being said , i disagree that there 's * a lot * of hatred towards greece going on in / r/europe . 
  i do n't deny that it exists or that it 's a problem , that should be obvious to anyone in my opinion . 
  but i disagree it 's an endemic view around here . 
  sure , there are idiots and mean spirited people , but most of what i 've seen is mostly something akin to `` disappointment '' rather than outright hatred . 
  a lot of people blame * only * greece , and they 're wrong , but they 're usually corrected fairly quickly , from what i 've observed . 
  do n't get me wrong , i appreciate your post , it was very informative and made perfect sense . 
  i do n't think greece is entirely without blame in this whole situation , but you have convinced me that it 's not as guilty as i had assumed . 
  thanks to some cuts and austerity , romania spends within its means , and it 's a sustainable country with economic growth unparalleled in eastern / southern europe . 
  of course , i completely agree with you that we should have more funds allocated to education , research and many more other systems , but propping them up through loans that we ca n't repay is completely not the solution . 
   it 's her fault for complying with corruption , not you nor me . 
  see who 's the real culprit for our undoing . 
  just as easy , she could 've refused to bribe , yet she did n't . 
  do n't victimize since your mother was an accomplice to the problem . 
  yeah , fuck that bitch for wanting anesthesia for a major operation and not having another way to get it !, 
  fuck all those people who for years and years had no other choices because of a system that simply did n't give a fuck !, 
  if they could all just stop depending on vital services that they could get through no other way , because the system was made in such a way as to be abused , then we all would have been richer than germany right now !, 
  i do n't think costs of living are overrated per se , as a minimum wage in romania will completely not be enough to live over here anyway , though i get what you mean by it - amount of disposable income is vastly different between the two countries . 
  but when the medium / median wage in a country in under the minimum wage in another , it makes the richer one sound `` spoiled '' to the poorer one when it complains that what it 's asked is too steep . 
  edit : as a clear example - costs of living in athens are 50 % more expensive than living in bucharest , but minimum wage in greece is 3x minimum wage in romania , which is why i think a lot of poorer countries are taking a hardline against greece - they see it as a sort of `` you ca n't expect us to live like that '' from greece , which is insulting to a lot of the people that did and still do live like that . 
  yeah , but this is the definition they used :  someone is described as being in ` in-work poverty ' if their equivalised disposable income is below the poverty threshold and they are in employment themselves . 
  i do n't think the article wanted to make any points or suggestions - just presenting how the situation is viewed in some of the poorer ez countries , it did n't feel to me like the news source itself was trying to be partisan . 
  it 's stuff like that that makes greece hard to sympathize with for a lot of the poorer eu countries . 
  the minimum wage in romania is 217.50 eur per month , it 's hard to take the complaints seriously when they 're coming from a country that has over 3 times that . 
  sure , but russia ca n't afford to part with 1/4th of their economy ( to pay the greek debt ) when they 've already lost 1/10th of it ( aforementioned 90 bil . ), 
  due to falling oil prices . 
  haha i get it - i was just joking though . 
  for the first time in my life , i 'm actually content with the government . 
  the president is doing president shit , the current government has lead romania to unparalleled economic growth ( at least when compared to other eastern / southern european countries ) , the anti-corruption directorate is trying to clean us up a bit ( even though the prime minister is wholly against them because he 's insanely corrupt ) ... erm ... my point was - i was just joking :p, 
  i do n't think that 's possible , though , russia has some monetary problems of their own - they 've already lost $ 90 bil . 
  due to falling oil prices in the last few months . 
  even greece 's strategically vital position , if conflicts were to escalate , does n't seem to be worth ~ 350 bil . 
  euros to russia . 
  as long as we get the german government , i would n't be opposed to any sort of german overlords . 
  hell , we already started down that path with iohannis , that 's an open invitation if i 've ever seen one !, 
  never look a ~ ~ gift ~ ~ greek horse in the mouth ? 
  which is why it 's flabbergasting to me that anybody would greece to go through all that . 
  knowing what it means , i would never * ever * wish those sort of austerity measures on anyone . 
  you missed my point - the initial situation is n't comparable , which is what op is trying to do , but the end-result is a possibility : push a populace * too far * , and a coup d'etat enters the realm of possibility . 
  and i 've never heard of one of those ending with anybody ( except corrupt oligarchs ) doing better than they were . 
  [ i agree ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c6sj7/in_1981_romania_introduced_austerity_measures_to/cssrf1m?context=3 ) . 
  what about them ? 
  the sovroms were economic enterprises established in romania following the communist takeover at the end of world war ii , in place until 1954-1956 , when they were dissolved by the romanian authorities . 
  it 's not like they had much of an influence on romanian economy in the 80s . 
  i 'm not denying they had * a part * to play in it , but i just feel that it 's misleading to consider romania part of the ussr because we 've had sovroms in the 50s . 
  that might be true , and i do n't want to misrepresent popular opinion , i should have been more clear in my initial post - it 's just people i talked to about this matter ( acquaintances , coworkers , family ) that think like that , from my experience . 
  i 'll edit the comment . 
  oh , i completely agree with that . 
  almost nothing about the two situations is comparable , i 'm pretty tired of these false-comparisons . 
  i just did n't want to seem partisan with my explanation , that 's why i left it at just that . 
  well , yeah , but i mean - romania 's economy was never integrated into that of the ussr , so the original comment really has nothing to do with this topic . 
  do n't get me wrong - i agree that greece needs some heavy reforms that will assuredly be unpopular . 
  i just think that romania should serve as a `` do n't '' sort of example when it comes to austerity measures . 
  i honestly hoped that the experience of dealing with harsh austerity measures ( which lead to the fall and outright killing of ceausescu after a farcical trial ) would have taught the rest of europe a lesson about pushing a people too far , but it seems like nobody was paying attention . 
   i find people rejoicing in other people 's misery reprehensible regardless of their own past experiences . 
  i wholeheartedly agree , it 's disturbing to see so many people thinking `` yeah , serves to greeks right for living better than us ! '', 
  i think that 's a problem with eastern european mentality , though i do n't want to generalize , so i 'll just resume to romanian ** people i personally know , not necessarily reflective of the whole romanian populace ** , which , from what i 've noticed at least , is less `` they 're going through a hard time , let 's help '' and more `` my goat died , i hope the neighbor 's goat dies too , so they have it as bad as i do ! '', 
  edit : corrected it to better reflect that it 's just my personal experience ; i do n't speak for the whole romanian populace . 
  does that sound acceptable to anybody , though ? 
  the situations are n't comparable at all , but * knowing * that 's one of the potential results of draconian austerity , i really do n't understand why anybody would hold this sort of `` moral high ground '' over greece 's current situation . 
  do n't get me wrong , i fully agree that greece absolutely needs some heavy restructuring and reduction of state costs , but knee-jerk emotional reactions ( from both greece and the eu ) got everybody in this position in the first place , and even heavier austerity measures are n't going to solve it - only truly make the situations comparable , which i think most people do n't actually want . 
   never said it was . 
  you implied it , though . 
  romania , even during the communist rule of ceausescu , was staunchly anti-stalinist , even though we were communist . 
  in fact , ceausescu 's rejection of ussr lead to romania having better relationships with the west than any other communist country , at least at first . 
  oh , i agree , i think this post is pretty stupid , the situations are n't comparable at all . 
  i was just trying to correct your mistake about communist romania - our economy was completely separate from that of the ussr . 
  honestly , though , having grown up in late-communist / early-post-communist romania , i * really * do n't wish that on anybody . 
  i shudder to think that anybody who lived through 80s-90s romania would ever want anybody else to go through that . 
  i think op meant to say `` romania had it so much worse , so stop complaining greece '' , which i personally disagree with , but i know a lot of people do n't - just because someone has/had it worse does n't make other tragedies any less ... tragic . 
  i really hope an agreement acceptable to all parties involved can be reached , because the alternative will hurt everybody .
