  you are talking about these refugees as if they 're goods to just be stored in some warehouse , as if they should have no say in their own future . 
  they already escaped a hellish regime to travel to the safety of europe , so let 's all just keep them in locked-away concentration camps because they do n't want refuge in romania . 
  force eastern europe to accept people who do n't want to be here in the first place , that 'll solve the problem !, 
  i sure hope so . 
  i would n't be surprised if they will , though . 
  surprise is our main weapon !, 
  `` it is my opinion that my client is completely and 100 % innocent and , further , that these accusations are unfounded , unsound and unconstitutional ! '', 
  you 're absolutely right , but they 're the governing party with a huge chance of winning again in 2016 . 
  the fact that the party even has credibility anymore makes me hate this country . 
  are they though ? 
  dragnea , convicted for fraud , is still the president of psd with absolutely no problems . 
  muslims do n't really have a hard time in romania , imo . 
  we already have very well established turkish , arab and syrian minorities over here ; hell , even our minister of health was a syrian national a while back . 
  i do n't think there 's any reason why they ca n't work in it , there 's a few companies ( like the one i work for ) that provide on-the-job training . 
  sure , salaries wo n't be western europe , but i think someone working for 500 euros / month for a year or two on an entry level tester job is plenty for bucharest , even with 2 kids . 
  after that , a world of opportunities opens up . 
  there is also no reason why a hypothetical refugee 's wife ca n't work , other than stupid prejudice . 
  work equality is one of the major tenets of romania , one of the only good things that communism brought us . 
  most of our army generals , as far as i know , are there since the 80s , some of them even earlier , and most of them just hold on to obsolete doctrine . 
  so no wonder . 
  not romanian - like i said , most of the countryside is totally third world shithole - but bucharest , cluj , iasi ( to a lesser extent ) , timisoara ( even less , but still decent ) . 
  basically all the major cities have plenty of opportunities for forward-thinking people . 
  we have one of the most advanced it sectors in eastern europe , it 's not unheard of for an entry-level programmer to earn 800 euros / month . 
  hell , even a software tester earns 600 euros / month . 
  we have literally thousands of job openings for various it jobs , just go on bestjobs.ro or ejobs.ro and check for yourself if you do n't believe me . 
  edit : also , romania has 6.9 % unemployment , one of the lowest in the eu , brain drain has really hit us hard . 
  but that only means there are ** plenty ** of opportunities here . 
  hell , if you work in it and have finished * any * college , you do n't even pay income tax !, 
  to be fair , we 've all been way more exposed to american pop culture since 1989 ( and even before through bootlegged vhs tapes ) than we 've ever been to , like , german or french . 
  i 've seen numerous american movies growing up and almost no european shows . 
  hell , tvr shows a japanese historical soap opera ( pretty good show btw ) and protv * still * plays young & the restless , but almost none of them show any european movies . 
  well , except spanish soap operas . 
  those are everywhere :p, 
  because a lot of people do n't live in cities , and most countryside villages over here are indeed third world shitholes . 
  but as long as you live in a city , like our major refugee center in bucharest , you absolutely have the chance to earn a very good living . 
   integrating into romanian society would only bring them despair and starvation . 
  christ , man , i can absolutely 100 % guarantee you that neither romania nor serbia offers * only despair and starvation * . 
  conditions in the big cities in romania , at least , are comparable to any western european city . 
  i assume that once they go through the process , the majority will choose to work . 
  we have plenty of job openings due to massive brain drain in the last few years , and the median salary in bucharest is [ 1000 euros / month ] ( http://www.salaryexplorer.com/salary-survey.php?loc=2063&amp;loctype=3 ) after taxes . 
  other big cities have similar ( somewhat smaller ) salaries too . 
  because we actually have very decent refugee centers . 
  romania has 6.9 % unemployment , one of the lowest in the eu . 
  we have plenty of jobs available . 
  i know , romania has terrible pr . 
  our tourism ministers are bad at marketing the country . 
  anywhere between 600 to 20000 euros per year . 
  there 's a lot of them . 
  man , i work in it , i have no idea about investment opportunities , sorry . 
  there are a few low-risk funds that you can buy into , but i 'm not sure how even those work . 
  i just put some money in a savings account , i earn more than i can spend every month . 
  well , for an automobile factory that might be a bit much . 
  but if you know programming , it 's completely doable in bucharest or cluj . 
  it 's not a matter of preference , i just wish more people knew about the opportunities romania offers , because it 's possible to live a very good life over here . 
  gdp is 26k euros per capita and ppp in bucharest is 111 % the eu average . 
  romania is perfectly able to support you as long as you 're smart about it . 
  we have a few private schools in bucharest that offer special classes . 
  i do n't know about other cities , i 've only ever lived in bucharest . 
  i do n't know exactly how specialized they are , i never had to use any , but i know they exist . 
   what is romania 's integration like ? 
  it depends on how willing you are . 
   for example , if i came from syria with 2 children , would i be able to send them to school and have them learn romanian ? 
  yes , absolutely no problem . 
  you just have to register them for school . 
   what about me and my wife , how much would a course in romanian cost ? 
  2-week intensive course is 280 euros for 30 hours , 3 hours per day / 5 days a week . 
  20 euros buys 2 manuals + audiobook on usb drive for all the courses in the program . 
   would i be able to afford this upon arrival ? 
  depends on how much money you have with you . 
  i 'm not unhappy about refugees , i actually would like more of them to know about the opportunities that romania offers . 
  there are plenty of ways to make a good living and build yourself and your family a good life in romania , it 's not like we 're a horrible place to live in . 
  i always assumed that these people will want to start working sooner or later , you ca n't build * any * sort of life for yourself by just welfare . 
  you might survive , but you can survive in romania as well . 
  my point is that after they go through the process and gain the right to work , they could conceivably build a life for their families over here . 
  and in 10-15 years , when their children grow up , they can make a much better life for themselves if they 're smart about it . 
  we have adobe , microsoft , ibm , ea , ubisoft and a whole slew of high tech & it companies in romania , there 's no reason why their children could n't work there . 
  sure , maybe it 's not completely true , but that 's what most refugees and immigrants heard . 
  well , you need a few years experience ( anywhere between 5-10 , depending on * what * you did ) , but it 's absolutely doable if you know , like , php and java or you 're a certified test automator or a project manager . 
  `` infamous '' , just a bunch of prejudiced stupid `` oh , eastern europe is third world '' bullshit . 
  romania has very decent [ refugee centers ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?q=romania+refugee+center&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cagq_auoamovchminlpnvvhdxwivrvkuch029wpp&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=930#tbm=isch&amp;q=centru+refugiati+romania ) . 
  they might not look nice from the outside because of brutalism , but the facilities offered are pretty good . 
  fat chance of that , most land outside bucharest has been bought by hypermarkets and car dealerships ; 5km outside the city limits we have a metro , carrefour , praktiker , lidl , porsche dealership , vw dealership , bmw dealership and a few more that i forgot about . 
  not at all authoritarian , free press ( though almost all of it is governed by `` special interests '' and owned by oligarchs ) , depends on the doctrine . 
  you can get 5 years in prison if you 're caught with over 3g of weed . 
  bureaucracy is a huge problem though , one of the remnants of communism that we ca n't seem to get rid of . 
  if you want to start a business over here , be prepared to wait upwards of 6 months , maybe even more , from when you first start the process until you can actually do business . 
  yes . 
  romania used to have 23 mil . 
  people living here before we got in the eu , nowadays we have only 18 mil . 
  people . 
  hardcore brain drain . 
   hungary , romania , greece , these are not the places that will provide that chance . 
  also , for him , maybe not . 
  for his children , sure they can . 
  i work in it and earn a salary comparable with any western europe country . 
  maybe i 'd be earning 2x more in netherlands or germany , but lower living costs over here mean that i can live a fairly comparable life to you . 
  the caveat is that you have to live in one of the big cities , rural communities over here are absolutely terrible third world shitholes and it 's true that they wo n't provide that chance . 
  but life in romania 's big cities really is comparable to [ western europe ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/growth/tools-databases/regional-innovation-monitor/base-profile/bucharest-ilfov ) . 
  `` rather well '' is relative . 
  romania has always , even during communism , had a higher gdp per capita than syria .
