  mentality , it 's all exactly the fucking same . 
  really wo n't need it , i have many coworkers who do n't speak any romanian . 
  everybody who works in a corporate office knows english . 
  all you need is to learn a few romanian words for day-to-day life . 
  yeah . 
  not unheard of for programmers to earn $ 1500-2000 / month . 
  even more if you have seniority . 
  less than what they 'd be making in france or germany , but compared to cost of living it 's a huge salary . 
  absolutely . 
  all the major multinational companies active in bucharest ( among which we have ibm , microsoft , adobe , ubisoft , bitdefender , oracle and a whole slew of others that i forgot about ) have english as one of the main requirements . 
  [ they did ask for help ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1492046/greece-asks-for-help-as-migrant-numbers-surge ) . 
  [ multiple times ] ( http://thechronicleherald.ca/world/1282070-italy-asks-for-eu-help-on-migrant-traffic-from-africa ) . 
  wow , you either have insanely poor reading comprehension or you 're intentionally twisting what i said . 
  i said i disagree with romania 's incursions in afghanistan and iraq and that you 're absolutely correct . 
  literally :  i completely disagree with our incursions in afghanistan and iraq , but you are absolutely correct . 
  romania is part of nato , we had troops in both countries . 
  you 're fucking dishonest as shit . 
   i believe most of the eastern european members are saying they will refuse any quota system . 
   does n't sound like romania volunteering or welcoming people . 
  absolutely condescending and plain wrong . 
  yes , really . 
  your condescension is irritating . 
  man , honestly , almost all former communist countries have a strong culture of victimization . 
  though i do n't think this has anything to do with that , it 's your attitude that 's irritating . 
   nope never said anything like that . 
  that 's true , you 're not really * actually * saying anything , just implying a lot of stuff . 
  so your point is `` fuck those refugees , they can live in squalor as long as they 're not here '' also , you 're right , my initial statement was incorrect , i was blinded by righteous indignation . 
  sorry about that . 
  not a bad idea , honestly . 
  just check out some of the [ jobs advertised on here ] ( http://www.bestjobs.ro/ ) , you 're sure to see something to catch your fancy . 
  `` hyperemotional radical leftist '' ? 
  and this shit gets upvoted ? 
  * really * ? 
  i completely disagree with our incursions in afghanistan and iraq , but you are absolutely correct . 
  romania is part of nato , we had troops in both countries . 
  that being said :  romanian troops participated in the occupation of iraq , reaching a peak of 730 soldiers before being slowly drawn down to 350 soldiers . 
  romania terminated its mission in iraq and withdrew its last troops on july 24 , 2009 . 
   romania currently has troops deployed in afghanistan , and is planning to nearly double its troop strength there to 1,800 by september 2010 , according to an announcement made by president traian basescu in prague on april 8 , 2010 . 
  grand total of a bit over 2500 people in both countries . 
  huge impact . 
   i find the blame game to be pretty boring and divisive . 
  yet you still blame eastern europe for not doing enough . 
   i believe most of the eastern european members are saying they will refuse any quota system . 
  half wrong . 
  most eastern european members are saying they will refuse any * obligatory * quota . 
  there 's already agreement on voluntary quotas for 40k refugees . 
   does n't sound like romania volunteering or welcoming people . 
  does n't follow . 
  are you saying that * only * by accepting a mandatory quota can we show we 're `` volunteering '' ? 
  that makes no logical sense . 
  romania wants to accept refugees , the government is simply against mathematical redistribution that does n't take any other facets into consideration . 
   then what do you propose ? 
  that the eu actually consults its members instead of trying to forcefully instate a mandatory quota calculated mathematically . 
  i actually want as many refugees to come to romania as possible , as long as we can provide an actual life for them and not just force them to live in refurbished ghettos . 
  just providing them with food , shelter and medicine * is n't * providing them with a future . 
  but just as we ca n't do that with so many people already in romania , we have even less possibility of offering it to thousands of refugees . 
  honestly , if you 're good in < < it   ( basically anything it related - programming , sysadmin , qa , management etc. 
  ) , i 'd recommend bucharest before a lot of western europe countries . 
   what 's romania contributed towards the current crisis as part of the european effort ? 
  absolutely nothing either to cause it or to help it . 
  you wan na talk about responsibility , go yell at usa or uk . 
  romania has no history of colonialism , intervention in africa or middle east , we 've never sent drones to afghanistan or bombed kosovo . 
  now everybody 's talking ( and talking down to eastern/central europe ) as if it 's our responsibility to shoulder the burden that the first world created in the first place . 
   it 's very disappointing . 
  it 's this annoying hypocritical condescension that pisses people off in the first place . 
  if you * actually * cared about the plight of the refugees , you would totally not want them to go to romania , where they will be treated like shit and be housed in insalubrious facilities . 
  all you people care about is sweeping it under the rug - mathematically redistribute people regardless of what * they * want , just so you stop thinking about it . 
  romania volunteered to do as much as it can to make sure the refugees that make it here are actually * treated humanely * . 
  it 's super simple to put 15000 people in a converted military base , but what do you do with them after ? 
  we barely have enough money to take care of our own people , refugees housed here would not have a good time . 
  if you really care about the refugees , you really should n't want them to live in ghettos . 
  further , if people * do n't want to stay here * in the first place , do you think it 's a good idea to force them to stay ? 
  yes , one person thinks that , and people protested . 
  if anything , that article reinforces / u/parabellum8g 's point - when someone * does * believe such nonsense , people will speak out against it . 
  the main point i took from that article is that she really did n't meet a lot of european people that maintained that point of view , since everyone who spoke about the case were opposing her decision . 
  literally all of them in the article , there is n't a single one saying `` yeah , actually , i think she 's right ! '', 
  the attitudes of eu officials are irritating . 
   `` the majority of member states are ready to move forward -- but not all , '' mr. avramopoulos told a news conference . 
  `` the world is watching us . 
  it is time for each and every one to take their responsibilities , '' he added . 
  fuck you , mr. avramopoulos . 
  you want to talk about responsibility , go yell at usa and the uk . 
  romania has no history of colonialism , intervention in africa or middle east , we 've never sent drones to afghanistan or bombed kosovo . 
  now everybody 's talking ( and talking down to eastern/central europe ) as if it 's our responsibility to shoulder the burden that the first world created in the first place . 
  i 'm all for taking in as many ** refugees ** as possible , as long as we can actually provide a life for them . 
  forcing them to stay in romania in insalubrious facilities will only create problems . 
  we can house tens of thousands of them , no problem . 
  but we 're literally only talking about a roof , food , maybe medicine , and that 's it . 
  we ca n't , we * should n't * force people who 've risked their lives to escape a warzone to live in a ghetto . 
  imposing a mandatory quota is self-defeating and stupid . 
  oh , yeah , i agree with you that the article is n't accurate . 
  about my stance on it , i 'd rather not get into it , you have your opinion and it 's really none of my business to try to change it . 
  my comment was meant more as an off-the-cuff remark about aggressive people in general , not related to homophobia in particular . 
   `` after discussing for centuries if homosexuality is to be considered a disease , for the first time we demonstrated that the real disease to be cured is homophobia , associated with potentially severe psychopathologies . '', 
  well , i mean it makes sense ... 
  dealing with stuff with constant aggressiveness does n't sound healthy at all to me . 
   u.s. companies have flooded eurozone bond markets  many u.s. firms have been lured by cheap financing rates that have resulted from the european central bank 's easy-money policies . 
  i 'll admit that i know next to nothing about the global financial market , but this seems unhealthy . 
  is this possibly a new bubble forming ? 
  do you happen to have a link to the actual study or at least a summary of it ?
