  closest to it came from a former english boss , but he was a really sarcastic person in general , he did n't single anybody out ... americans are by far the nicest , i 've yet to meet an american who was n't extremely nice and appreciative ( the funniest was a guy who was flabbergasted that he was working with someone from romania , he kept asking really weird questions about romania and the food , weather , politics etc. , the guy really wanted to know about the weirdest shit , like if we have words like germans do - like schadenfreude - or what time the sun sets in late summer over here ) . 
  the danish , ( un ? 
  ) surprisingly , are the coldest people i 've worked with , but they always kept it professional and cordial , the people i worked with at least were german-like in their pragmatism and focus . 
  i do n't even know what my point was with all this , i just wanted to tell an anecdote about my experiences with foreigners . 
  i guess it depends on what you do ? 
  it 's still shitty , do n't get me wrong , but maybe it is n't a generalized thing ... 
  he 's wrong , but not completely . 
  while * complete * gender equality is laughable , there is a degree of equality in romania ( and some other post-communist states ) that you do n't see in other countries , at least when it comes to the workforce . 
  since communists needed as many workers as possible , they hired women en masse for jobs that were previously seen as male-only . 
  my aunt , for example , worked for a state factory that produced water faucets and like ball bearings and whatnot , and almost all her coworkers on the factory floor were female . 
  this sort of mentality has continued into modern day , as romania has [ one of the smallest gender pay gaps in the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/gender_pay_gap_statistics ) for government jobs , and the absolute smallest for private businesses in the eu ( at 2.8 % difference ) . 
  it was the lone semi-decent thing to come out of communism , though . 
  is this planned or what we currently have ? 
  please do n't take my ignorance as malice , i meant no disrespect !, 
  i hope the vote goes whichever way you need it to go !, 
  cheap is relative . 
  i earn about 1000 euros per month over here , is that anywhere near minimum wage over there ? 
  could i live off it in barcelona ? 
  for romania it 's considered an extremely good salary ; you 're considered pretty well off if you can earn 1000 euros . 
  i imagine the sum in catalonia for that is somewhere like 2500 - 3000 euros / month ... 
  so cheap for you is still prohibitively expensive for me , barring a few bank robberies :p, 
  see ? 
  i did n't even know that shit , i had to google to see the difference between catalonia and spain , i had no idea it was an autonomous region . 
  holy shit , i know what my retirement plan is now . 
  i do n't care what i have to do , all i want is to afford to live in barcelona by the time i retire . 
  time to rob some banks , i guess . 
  wow !!, 
  that is stunning , i have to go there !, 
  stupid romanian education system teaches us nothing about spain , and it 's a damn shame , i 've never seen such beautiful architecture and design !, 
  holy shit , that building is beautiful !, 
  i had never heard of gaudi before , the education system failed me !, 
  haha that building in the first picture looks like it 's melting . 
  there 's people smiling in that second picture , they have n't known the true face of winter !, 
  come spend a couple of weeks in -10 c and constant snowstorm , then we 'll see if anybody laughs !, 
  damn , it must get * really * dusty over there !, 
  :p we do n't get anything like that , though we do get [ our ] ( http://www.enational.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/cod-galben-ninsori-viscol-minus-20-grade-bucuresti.jpg ) [ variation ] ( http://www.capital.ro/image-605-388/bucuresti-zapada7.jpg ) [ of it ] ( http://www.livearad.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/viscol-%c8%99i-v%c3%a2nt-puternic.jpg ) . 
  i 've never seen a mudstorm , that shit sounds terrifying !, 
  i saw a sandstorm on the beach over here once , but it started raining quickly and it just became a regular storm . 
  quite disappointing , honestly . 
  seriously , though , fucking mudstorm ? 
  i ca n't even imagine how something like that would be . 
  ugh , stupid siberian air or whatever . 
  it keeps fucking up and coming over romania , making me freeze my extremities off when i go to work in january . 
  oh , summers are insane over here too , we routinely get 32-36c in late july / early august . 
  over here it qualifies as a heatwave if it goes over 36c , and we 've had one every summer without fail for the last , like , 10 years . 
  it 's more the winter part that i want , i ca n't stand the cold , and it gets stupid over here . 
  this winter we 've had -15 c , a couple of years ago it got down to -25 c , and last year we 've had -29.8 c , which was the lowest since our historic minimum of -38.5 c in 1942 . 
  it gets fucking cold here , and i hate it !, 
  makes sense , i went to madrid in january , and it was 19c outside , while in bucharest there was a blizzard and -15 c. 
  sun was setting at like 7pm , while in bucharest it was dark at 5:30 pm . 
  damn , i wish romania had spain 's weather . 
  huh . 
  almost everybody i know works 9 - 6 . 
  only people who work that schedule over here are , like , factory workers or manual laborers . 
  i think the post office , too , but they work in two shifts , from 7am to 7pm . 
  so what new times are they proposing if 8/9 - 5/6 leaves too little free time ? 
  oh , wow , that 's much higher than over here , almost double after taxes . 
  damn , poland is impressive !, 
  huh . 
  what are the work hours , then ? 
  i know very little about spain ... 
  unrelated to anything , but wow , the zloty is really close in value to the romanian ron . 
  what 's the minimum wage per month in zloty in poland ? 
  paprika is fucking delicious and i will fight anyone who claims otherwise . 
  speaking of food , why do spanish people have dinner so late ? 
  in romania , dinner time is usually between 7 and 8 , maaaaybe 9 pm , but i saw people just sitting down to eat at 11pm or even midnight when i was there in january . 
  delicious food , by the way . 
  all of it . 
  i never went to a place where literally everything i tried was good . 
  i 've met some perfectly fine african immigrants in bucharest , who came here to work , and they both seemed happy to be here and to attempt to integrate in our culture . 
  i have no problem with those people , and i ca n't think of many reasons why anybody would . 
  huge influx of immigrants is not the problem imo . 
  huge influx of immigrants who try to change europe so it 's more like the shithole they left is what the problem is . 
  we 've seen the failure of unchecked immigration coupled with unwillingness to integrate time and time again ( both gypsies within romania and muslim immigrants in germany or sweden ) , and it 's no surprise that a quota would spark protests . 
  there 's something about your attitude that irks me . 
  i ca n't quite place my finger on it , but i guess i could call it a sort of `` arrogance '' ? 
   if you took a look 10 years ago , when greece was full in europe , those three countries were considered sub-par to say at least . 
  how do you define `` sub-par '' ? 
  they did n't have the same standard of living that you did ? 
  which made it ok for you to look down on said countries ? 
  so now that your country is `` sub-par '' and theirs are doing way better ( hell , poland has had amazing growth in the last few years , by far the strongest growing economy in eu ) , and they 're doing ( in your head , at least , keep in mind all you 've claimed , which is demonstrably false - that , for example , the country of bulgaria is looking down on the country of greece ) the same thing you 're * still * doing ( i.e. 
  looking down on people for one reason or another ) , you say it as if it 's somehow beneath you ... you 're * still * `` looking down '' on countries that , by your own line of thinking , have every right to look down on you . 
  hell , i do n't even know what to call that , but i know it 's kinda dumb . 
  hey , i 'd appreciate a source for all , if you have it . 
  i googled , but i 'm admittedly not very good at it , and i only found a couple of blog posts about that . 
  i 'd really like to read more about it !, 
  heh , i can see that , but defaults by themselves are shitty . 
  hell , even the default i mod is 100 % shit ( / r/tifu , check it out if you like to read insanely fake stories ) . 
  point is - repeating the ideas posted in default subreddits will only make you a worse person . 
  just because the human collective is shitty does n't mean all individuals have to be shitty . 
  / r/videos is one of the biggest shitholes on reddit and it can be safely ignored . 
  that mentality is defective , with 0 real-world applicability . 
  racism is stupid , regardless of the form . 
  to be fair , though , it 's gotten so bad that many , many people ca n't even afford food anymore . 
  i agree that we ( eastern europe ) had it bad during / after communism , but that does n't mean that people in greece are n't suffering right now . 
  they 're not asking for money for an extra car , they 're asking for money for basic living costs . 
  sure , the case can be made that the prices they 're paying for amenities are inflated , but that 's not so much the fault of your regular joe as it is the fault of the inefficient governments they had . 
  the results are still the same - unemployment out the ass , no money , general suffering . 
   i 'm sure most normal jews reading about this will just be facepalming going `` why did he have to be jewish '' same as any time there is a shooting in the us black people will think `` please do n't be black , please do n't be black '' who thinks like that ? 
  that is fucking ridiculous .
