  like i said , i completely understand that . 
  i just think romania is n't the 3rd world hellhole it was in the 90s , we 're actually starting to do pretty well for ourselves , at least in the big cities . 
  in bucharest , it 's not unheard of to work for 2-3-4 thousand euros / month , though those salaries mostly go in it , which is one of the few sectors where we 're competitive in . 
  even if you have no skills , you can still earn fairly decent money by working in , like , a car wash . not through salary , but over here it 's customary to tip the person who washes your car ; i have a friend who makes ~ 700 euros / month washing cars . 
  weather is here , wish you were beautiful . 
  :p in all seriousness , romania still has the image of `` third world shithole '' , and , honestly , outside the major cities , it pretty much is . 
  we still have , in 2015 , rural areas 15km outside bucharest that do n't have gas lines or running water . 
  but most of the big cities have a pretty high standard of living - bucharest , for example , provides 21 % of romania 's gdp by itself . 
  i do n't have any recent numbers , but wikipedia states :  in 2009 , at purchasing power parity , bucharest had a per-capita gdp of $ 26,100 , or 111 % that of the european union average and more than twice the romanian average . 
  i get that , i was n't trying to draw a direct comparison ; the point was more along the lines of `` syrians are already an established minority in romania , i think they could integrate just fine in romania if they wanted to '', 
  for one , not enough people available - as far as i know , most of these big factories are situated outside the big population centers , closer to villages than cities . 
  second , the 800-1000 euro salary might be inflated , i heard it from someone else , and i ca n't really check to see if it 's true ; i think a more realistic range would be 400-600 euros . 
  romania has plenty of factories without workers , especially automotive ones ; one owner said recently that he would hire 10000 people if he could find them . 
  it 's manual labor that as far as i know does n't require a high degree of specialization or highly technical degrees , provides on-the-job training , pays pretty well ( upwards of $ 800-1000 / month , i heard , though i do n't know how true it is ) , people could conceivably make a life for themselves over here , i believe . 
  well , the problem is that germany and eu have been sending extremely mixed signals . 
  germany said it welcomes all syrian refugees , then goes and and says that schengen area is `` threatened '' and complains that countries are n't doing a better job at protecting their borders . 
  then , to make matters worse , hungary , who actually tried to respect eu laws regarding refugees and border control gets called `` fascistic '' because of that . 
  on the one hand , i completely understand wanting to make the best life you can for your family , but ... it 's not like eastern/southern europe is some sort of civil-war-torn shithole , you can make a good life for yourself over here too , if you 're smart about it . 
  you wo n't be making hundreds of thousands of euros per year , but you wo n't be making that as a refugee anywhere . 
  smurd , the romanian medical emergency response system was started and maintained by a syrian national , [ raed arafat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raed_arafat ) . 
  he was even our minister of health for a short time ( he did n't really want to do it , just accepted an interim position for , like , a week ) . 
  he 's so well liked that romanians protested en masse when our former president wanted to remove him from smurd and place someone else there . 
  personally , i do n't think syrians would have that much trouble integrating in romania if they wanted to stay here . 
  jesus , man , 6 russia-related posts in 15 minutes , you really have a hardon for 'em . 
  christ , you 're not wrong . 
  besides the frontpage being flooded with refugee-related posts , the comments have been getting more and more insane lately . 
  i hope you end up selected as a mod . 
  ! '' translated :  we ran , we did n't think !, 
  we did n't think where we 'd go to when we left our houses . 
  we left because we were forced by bashar al-assad from one side , isis from the other . 
  what could i do ? 
  wait for them to chop my head off or run ?!, 
  which , honestly , is completely understandable . 
  though now that they 're safe , it 's not good enough anymore , for some reason . 
  it 's kinda funny to me , though , to see even syrian refugees looking down on romania . 
  make them break into the sierra madre !, 
   dangerous leftist extremists can you explain that to me , please ? 
  i get the leftist part , but i fail to see how they 're dangerous extremists . 
  downvoted for [ telling the truth ] ( http://i.imgur.com/in0e0ur.jpg ) . 
  this sub has wholly turned to shit . 
  i literally just had dinner , but that pic made me hungry again :p, 
  that looks delicious !, 
  i 'd totally eat the fuck out of it !, 
  i still fail to see why anyone should care at all . 
  my bad , i interpreted the `` anyone '' as in `` why would anyone ever want foreigners to come and steal their women ??? '', 
   would anyone find it preferable if they were dating and marrying the native population ? 
  as long as they respect the law , why would you care at all ? 
  the quota would n't do anything , nobody wants to go to eastern europe , even though we 're in the eu . 
  why would they stay here and work for $ 300 / month when they can go to germany and get more than that just from welfare ? 
  are you suggesting we hold them here by force ? 
  and this is the most common rebuke from racists . 
  `` oh , i do n't mean * all * < < ethnicity   , i just meant those damn < < insert racist stereotype   ! '', 
  except now it 's with white people and white guilt . 
  i am a white european that wants more refugees to be allowed here . 
  explain to me how i , as a romanian , have any sort of white guilt regarding syrian refugees . 
  or why i should or somehow * would * feel that way because of the color of my skin . 
  you are making a generalization about me based * purely on the color of my skin * . 
  no , you implied that the reason why people are n't opposed to refugees is based on their skin color - the fact that they are white is the reason why they are n't opposed to taking in refugees . 
  how do you not get how that is racist ? 
  by saying that the only reason people are n't opposed refugees is because of their racial prejudices specifically related to the color of their skin - which is a super fucking racist generalization , fuckwit . 
  you do realize you can be racist against white people too , right ? 
  putting it down to `` white guilt '' is racist . 
  no , no , most people have found their position , and it 's that of not being a racist fuckhead . 
  well , i get it i guess . 
  thanks for explaining it to me . 
  ok , thanks for the explanation , but why ? 
  it 's pretty clear you 're referring to the eu without uk when talking about negotiations and agreements and what , that r in this context is just there , it does n't add any extra information that could n't be deduced by context . 
  sorry for the unrelated tangent . 
  why do you keep saying reu ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  can i have some cab fare if you 're not gon na buy me breakfast at least ? 
  what would the person who likes you most in the world ( that is n't you ) say when they 're asked about you ? 
  conversely , what would the person who likes you * least * ( also not you ) say ? 
  please describe a time when you had a disagreement with your supervisor and what steps you would take to make sure said disagreement would n't happen again . 
   my fetish is being asked difficult interview questions that have no right answer so where do you see yourself in 2 years and what will you do get there ? 
  what would you say your coworkers think your biggest weakness is ? 
   pure censorship can you please explain for everybody how a visible , accessible , stickied post at the top of the subreddit is * pure censorship * ? 
  you really need to take your tinfoil hat off , your crazy is showing . 
  srs has n't been relevant in years , it 's only stupid people and bigots that still hold it as some sort of boogeyman . 
  i honestly have n't been involved in meta-reddit in a long time , i rarely even check the modmail for those subs anymore , not that it even matters . 
  if i had to deal with people like you that see conspiracies and secret agendas every day , i 'd lose it . 
  but hey , thanks for reminding me that it 's not worth it . 
  actually , you 're right . 
  well , i disagree about the `` shitpost '' part , i think i make plenty of good posts . 
  but i am biased , especially against racism and sexism . 
  in general , i 'm wholly against bigotry and unapologetic about it . 
  so you accuse me of being biased , a shitposter and not objective because you disagree with my opinions - without providing * any * concrete backup for your claim that this somehow influences my ability to be a good moderator - yet i 'm the one that 's not impartial ? 
  what would that do anyway ? 
  nobody wants to immigrate to romania , and i 'm pretty sure he 's not suggesting we hold them here by force . 
  romania could take literally all of them and it still would n't make a difference overall , 90 % would leave for western europe as soon as they could . 
  depends on how active the subs are . 
  most of the subs i mod are fairly inactive ( a few only get 2-3 posts per day ) , so they do n't really take that much time to keep clean . 
  a couple of them , honestly , i do n't do anything in ; i just hang around for the modmail . 
  that being said , i only moderate subs i actually enjoy , related to my interests , with a subject matter and community i care about ; i 'm a volunteer , i moderate because i want to help . 
  a lot of people tend to `` collect '' mod positions for some reason ( shits & giggles ? 
  ) , but that sounds pretty tiresome to me . 
  a lot of extra work for basically no reason that i can see . 
  lol wtf are you talking about ? 
  power mod ? 
  agenda ?
