  they 're still in a 30 % hole . 
  going from -3.9 % to +0.8 % ( real gdp growth ) is not a minor fluctuation . 
   they have n't had time to implement policy all they 've done is put a stop to other pre-agreed criteria ( like the aforementioned privatizations ) while they tried to renegotiate from a position of power they did n't really have . 
   a situation that was engineered by their predecessor who intentionally shortened the period greece had right to funding and manipulated the election timing so the new government would have to negotiate at the worst possible moment . 
  syriza was n't allowed to implement `` unilateral '' actions by the trojka , they never got a chance . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's a shitty situation all around , and i 'm not trying to discount anyone 's blame ( eu could have handled everything way better imo ) . 
  but syriza unilaterally decided to not implement any ( as far as i know , at least ) more cuts . 
  unilaterally put a stop to privatizations . 
  they 've demonized their lenders and , by all accounts , are hard to deal with regardless . 
  it 's not the same , though , european union is n't a federal state like usa is . 
   yes , i know greece lied to get in the euro , but it 's too late , and it 's better to pay a price to keep these liars in the euro than to shoot yourself in the foot . 
  that simply does n't work , and would * truly * lead to the crumbling of the eu - if greece gets away with it , there 's nothing stopping every other country from doing the exact same thing . 
  if greece 's debt is wiped away , there 's no reason why portugal , italy , spain or any other indebted country would n't be allowed to do the same . 
  of course the economy would shrink - at least at first - as a business would run the state companies as a business , they 'd cut off all the dead weight . 
  it would shrink because it 's artificially inflated in the first place . 
  what they 'd do though is make them stable and sustainable . 
  once all the extra costs are cut down , the country can grow again ( and , indeed , it started to slightly redress itself before syriza came to power ) . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  you ca n't prop up an economy through a bubble and then complain and blame everybody else when the bubble bursts . 
  greece loaned money for years way above what it could realistically repay ( they had 340 bil . 
  euros worth of debt before the economic crisis started ) . 
  most of that debt has already been restructured , the problem is that greece spends much more money than it makes because it keeps propping up businesses ( like the ose ) that would have failed many , many years ago ( if they were privately-owned ) , as well as for a slew of other reasons . 
  i 'm not saying that their reasons or wrong or judging their ethics in any way , i 'm just talking from an economic point of view . 
  edit : my bad , i read the first comment as `` tell me how selling government properties does not make the economy shrink '' , so my answer is only semi-related . 
  it shrunk 25 % because the bubble burst ; when you have an economy propped up by loaning , it stands to reason that the economy will start crumbling when the pipeline gets shut off . 
  it was starting to recover ever-so-slightly just before tspiras came to power , the decisions taken by the greek government since then have been disastrous . 
  yes , because they 're one country with a shared history and a strong national identity , not a collection of descendants of medieval ( and older ) kingdoms with their own histories and customs and language and literally every other difference between europe and usa ( too many to list here anyway ) . 
  traditionally spanish-speaking territories in the us speak spanish ( remember that california used to be a part of the mexican empire ) while traditionally english-speaking territories speak english . 
  this has little to do with `` multiculturalism '' . 
  yeah , and europe has more italian , german , french , lithuanian , estonian , romanian , greek , hungarian , bulgarian , swedish , norwegian , dutch , finnish , russian speakers than the entire north american * and * south american continents put together !, 
  get your shit together , * americas * , there is literally no excuse for not engaging in the true multiculturalism that europe has !, 
  greece 's strategic position ? 
  apparently , even that is n't worth ~ 300 bil . 
  euros by this point . 
  oh yeah , it 's totally fishy . 
  i think one of the biggest failures of both eu and greece in this instance is the reluctance in tackling widespread corruption , and eu 's tacit almost encouragement of big players ' fraud . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , i agree with your line of thinking , i 'm just saying how the current situation reached the point that it reached . 
  i agree that more realistic goals should be set and the debt restructured , i 'm not blaming greece for not wanting to continue letting the population suffer . 
  i was merely expounding on the difference in views the way i see them . 
  `` unity '' is a great vague concept , but when faced with harsh economic realities , a pragmatic view will always win . 
  and currently ( and for the foreseeable future , really ) greece costs more money than it produces , and it is absolutely unsustainable in its current form - and tspiras ' reluctance to make any more cuts is what lead to this crisis . 
  the problem is exactly between moral statement ( `` the greek people will not be humiliated any more ! '' ), 
  and the wider economy ( `` create a sustainable economy that is n't based on loans '' ) . 
  the bailout was supposed to prop greece up while it sold off most of its * extremely * debt-ridden state companies ( the state railway company alone owes 11 bil . 
  euros ) , lower government costs and increase cash reserves . 
  in the 5 years since they 've started , they only managed to sell off companies worth ~ 3 bil . 
  euros instead of the promised 15 bil . 
  the problem is that when greece accepted the original bailout , it accepted the requirements it came with . 
  they did try to make cuts , but the ones they did were ineffective and generally targeted the poorest strata , which was a failure of the previous government which lead to getting tspiras getting elected , and when syriza came to power , they declared all deals null-and-void and tried to renegotiate new ones . 
  which is a pretty shitty way to do business . 
  i understand the plight of the greek people , and the ideological stance of syriza , but it 's simply unsustainable to keep extending deadlines for greece while they have no chance of paying the loans back . 
  austerity in greece made the situation worse because the greek government failed to do what it promised - [ raise 15 bil . 
  euros through privatization of many state-owned companies ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2012-07-11/greeces-next-task-raising-15-billion-euros-through-privatizations ) , a figure revised from the previous 50 bil . 
  when they got their first loan . 
  they only managed to raise 3 bil. , and right before syriza came to power they outright threatened to imprison anybody who was involved in said privatization attempts , and once they did come to power , they declared all previous deals null and void . 
  if they had managed to sell off at least half of what they promised , they would n't be in this situation right now , as their costs would have been more sustainable , coupled with extra money in the `` bank '' from aforementioned sales , would have led to the current crisis not being of this magnitude . 
  from the article :  greece has struggled to attract major investment with many of its public companies running substantial losses . 
  the hellenic railways organization ( ose ) , for example , had racked up debt of more than $ 11 billion before undergoing restructuring last year . 
  i do n't think you have to be germany to let your railway company rack up 11 billion euros in debt and not , y' know , do something about it . 
  by comparison , the romanian railway company , also owned by the state , owes 400 mill . 
  euros and they 're already talking about heavily restructuring it . 
  how do you let a company get such horrible results , yet it 's still not your fault ? 
   `` this is greece 's problem , '' peskov told journalists on a conference call . 
  `` ( it 's a matter ) of greece 's relations with its creditors , it 's not a matter for us . '' ouch . 
  makes sense , really , but you 'd think russia would be keen to leave a door open and come back and claim themselves great saviors of the people while getting a huge opening to eu and a very good strategic position if ( unlikely as it may be ) the conflict escalates . 
  pretty telling , i think , that russia does n't wan na touch this situation . 
  the cookie lobby is obviously trying to remove all dissent , together with the snake people and crab aliens from outer space . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  give it a few days , we 'll soon claim the title of * third * poorest country in eu !, 
  goin ' up in the world !, 
  hey , it worked ( kind of ) for austro-hungary , why not a polish-romanian union , we can finally unite the long-lost brethren of polandomania !, 
  with a name like that , we ca n't lose !, 
  for romania to grow like poland , romania needs poland 's government . 
  unfortunately , we have romania 's government . 
  it definitely has to do with our experience with communism . 
  during the height of ceausescu 's cult of personality , all literary works ( as well as journalists ) were intensely scrutinized for rebellious thought , so most writers started using metaphor and sarcasm . 
  but the government censors were n't stupid , so they caught most of it , which in turn caused some writers to become much better at it - writers like [ mircea dinescu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mircea_dinescu ) , for example , being both censored and allowed to publish works that just flew under the radar of the censors . 
  that whole thing rubbed off on the general population too , as they were the consumers of said works , and influenced romanian humor and , i think , general world view as well . 
  romania is doing only a little bit better than bulgaria , so i can tell you the prices in bucharest . 
  - rent for a studio apartment is anywhere between 100-400 euros , depending on how well equipped it is on what neighborhood it 's in ; though you can even get a two-bedroom ( + living room ) apartment for 400 euros in some neighborhoods . 
  you can also rent a room in someone 's house if you want , my mom has a 3-bedroom apartment and two empty rooms since i moved out , and she rents them out for 100 euros / month + facilities . 
  this is all in bucharest , though i do n't imagine the differences in prices are that big , at least between the bigger cities - you can live over here with ~ 10 euros per day if you 're really stingy , maybe even less . 
  add ~ 4 euros extra if you 're a smoker - a big mac is ~ 3.25 euros, 
  probably , but you ca n't have it both ways , the country is in a deep crisis , the greek government has to do * something * about it . 
  i think the problem is with austerity measures implemented in eastern/southern europe , where they indeed cut into the lower income brackets . 
  difference between romania and greece was that romania did n't have a very giving system in the first place , so a 2-year freeze of all government salaries helped fix it . 
  in greece they would have had to make cuts that , comparative to costs of living , would have put a lot of people under the poverty line . 
  i never thought i 'd say this ( as a hardcore liberal ) , but maybe it goes to show that a government that sees people as numbers can do more for long-term sustainability than a left-wing , populist one . 
  they just picked a really wrong time to do it , what with the current greek crisis and the immigrant crisis ... 
  i must break you . 
  woo , # 17 , suck it ... 
  portugal ? 
  i mean , it makes sense when you think about it - why would a government that 's trying to not bankrupt itself not care about collecting money ? 
  it seems like it 'd be the first thing they 'd care about , at least they do over here ... 
  most people would still prefer to go to greece , though , since it 's still in the european union . 
  and , besides , greece has its own special , unique beauty , it 's a pretty singular experience , turkey does n't compare to it . 
  turkey has a different flavor , and it mostly attracts it 's own customers that more-often-than-not do n't match up with greece 's tourists . 
  besides , going to greece is fairly expensive in the first place , it 's not like i 'm gon na care that i have to spend 550 euros instead of 500 to go to greece . 
  i 'm pretty certain nobody is suggesting literally doubling the prices in greece . 
  yes , but the problem is that the previous government agreed to certain conditions when they got the first branches of the loan , which syriza basically declared null-and-void , and tried to get them renegotiated .
