  people basically want romania to be germany - money , politics etc. , just import 'em wholesale . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  you can choose to believe it or not - romania has never had any big refugee crises to deal with ( as far as i know , at least ) , so we have no refugee centers beyond for 1785 people . 
  like i said , it 's easy to convert a military base and offer them * basic shelter * , but what do we do beyond that ? 
  we have to offer them language classes , qualification classes , jobs , eventually citizenship . 
  and for that , our current capacity is ~ 1700 . 
  refugees have rights too , they deserve to be treated humanely , and putting them in converted ghettos is not the solution . 
  `` why hold true to your opinions and convictions when you can lie about it to make yourself look better ? '', 
  none of those states are against receiving refugees . 
  they are against * forced quotas * , instead preferring to accept the people who request asylum in those countries . 
  romania said it is prepared to receive a bit over 1700 refugees because that 's what we have facilities for . 
  the romanian president said it would be very easy to convert an old military base into a refugee facility to house 5000 more people , but what do we do with them after they go through the process ? 
  we ca n't support more than what we have facilities for , our meager welfare system is stretched thin enough as it is . 
  we can offer them a roof , food and medicine and * that 's it * ; we simply lack the logistics to integrate any more than ~ 1700 at the moment . 
  creating more refugee shelters takes money , which we do n't really have , and time . 
  i 'm pretty sure none of them would like living in squalor . 
  [ refugees themselves said they do n't want to seek asylum in romania ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jlzph/refugees_do_not_want_to_go_to_romania_romania_is/ ) . 
  i 'm all for taking in as many of them as possible , but what can we do with an imposed quota of * people who do n't want to be here * ? 
  we ca n't force them to stay here . 
  hahaha that sounds like it would fit in a reb brown movie . 
  how the fuck did this guy ever get there in the first place ? 
  yes , but i meant more like : how do you explain to a refugee that his neighbor gets to have more rights than he does ? 
  romania is n't part of schengen , refugees that would get citizenship here would have less rights than ones assigned to germany . 
  if they do n't want to stay here , what are we supposed to do to stop them moving and if germany deports them , who ends up shouldering the costs ? 
  i understand the idea behind the quotas , i just do n't think it 's in any way enforceable . 
  `` and how come aziz gets to enjoy being out of a war zone in germany but i have to stay here in shitty romania ? 
  why is his wellbeing worth more than mine ? '', 
  i wonder what the criteria will be for selecting who gets to go where ... and how they explain that to the refugees . 
  you 're right , i just misremembered an article i read a while back . 
  my bad . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  anywhere between 10 - 40 hours , depending on how much free time i have at work . 
  9 - 18 gmt +2 is when i 'm at my most active  how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  almost every day . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  romania  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  romanian and basic dutch . 
   what interests you about europe ? 
  i live here , and i 'm interested in news and discussion about the issues we as a continent face . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  favorite : plenty of smart people to hold discussions with . 
  i especially appreciate the opportunity to see new viewpoints that i had n't considered before encountering them here . 
  this place is great for interesting tidbits , cultural , social or political discussions , as long as you do n't get into any extreme ideology , which brings me to my least favorite part . 
  least favorite : insane amounts of racism and xenophobia lately . 
  lack of communication from the mods . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  yes , plenty . 
  i moderate a few subs related to my interests , one of which is a default ( / r/tifu )  why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  because i think i could help , i really like this sub . 
  i have extensive moderating experience and i 'm convinced i could help keep this place clean and high quality . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  like i said , i have plenty of experience and i know how to manage large communities . 
  i 'm also adept at configuring automod , which i was surprised to see you guys do n't even use . 
  you guys really should get on that . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  took a statistics class in university , does that count ? 
  about reddit bots , i know how to configure automod , if that counts . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  eh , it 's a mixed bag . 
  i liked it , i thought it was wholly useful , but not managed the way it was . 
  it was left un-updated for too long , and it 's too vast a subject to be left alone like that . 
  no wonder , imo , that it blew up as bad as it did . 
  that being said , i think the community is also partly to blame for that situation ; i think the `` fuck the mods '' attitude i 've seen in this place does n't help ; some people will complain regardless , i think it 's important to be able to separate actually constructive criticism from just whining . 
  i would suggest holding a weekly or monthly `` mod suggestion '' thread where people can talk about what they agree or disagree with regarding moderating . 
  most people here enjoy the sub and browse it exactly because of that - and it should be easy to weed out trolls and ill-intentioned users . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  and i tend to filibuster modmails . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  what is this , 2005 ? 
  i would n't fight anything , i 'm not a violent person . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why humor . 
  i thought the teacher took it all in good humor and his laughter was infectious . 
  besides , it was pretty damn funny anyway . 
  would n't that mean that * some * refugees end up with less rights than others , simply because romania is n't part of schengen area ? 
  you 're right , i misremembered an article i read a while back ; asylum-seekers are n't allowed to work until they are considered legal citizens , which might take months , even years . 
  that being said , how do you explain to a syrian refugee that his next-door neighbor gets to live in germany and get much higher benefits , while he and his family have to stay in romania and `` enjoy '' the meager welfare we can provide ? 
  hmm , apparently not . 
  i remembered reading something about how even legal non-eu citizens have the right to freedom of movement , but it appears that [ asylum-seeker is a special status ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/social-europe-jobs/freedom-movement-under-european-conditions-303753 ) , which does not include most rights eu citizens enjoy . 
  and once they go through the process , they can move to germany anyway since freedom of movement is one of the core tenets of the eu . 
  besides , i 'm pretty sure a lot of them would rather be illegal immigrants in germany than legal refugees in romania . 
  i dunno what to tell you about that , i only had to message the mods once and i got a fairly prompt response . 
  man , they could send literally all of them over here , it would n't make a difference . 
  you ca n't force people to live somewhere where they do n't want to . 
  most refugees do n't want to be in romania , what are we supposed to do about it , keep them here forcefully ? 
  why not send a modmail ? 
  ask the mods directly , get a direct answer . 
  i recommend you seek professional help . 
  mental health is very important . 
  thank you for the explanation and link . 
  i knew there were some issues going on , did n't realize it had gotten this bad . 
  what 's that about ? 
  can we get some context pls ? 
  i see the guy is wearing a shirt that says `` agriculture '' on it , is this related to the french protests from earlier ? 
  put the fear of dna in them !, 
  you are literally insane . 
  and what can you do about people who [ simply refuse to stay in your country ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jlzph/refugees_do_not_want_to_go_to_romania_romania_is/ ) ? 
  i 'm sure you 're not suggesting we hold them here by force , are you ?
