if no one else is going to say it , then i will ... ... timmy !, 
  it 's almost as if people are trying to tell you something . 
  do they not teach you about all the irish colonial officers and governers in irish history class ? 
  i live in a former colony and the irish influence is everywhere . 
  do you close your eyes when you get to the bit in the history books about how disliked the easter rising was by the irish , or the very law support for nationalist parties ? 
  europeans do n't understand - these people do n't see tolerance . 
  they see weakness . 
   are young native swedes prepared to live in angered , hammerkullen etc ? 
  you mean places in their own country turned to shit by immigration ? 
   considering the opposition things like gay marriage have in countries like italy , i do n't think they 're that different from a lot of europeans . 
  [ you have no fucking idea what you are talking about if you think this is `` like italy '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_afghanistan ), 
  there would be civil war within a decade . 
  germans need to learn to stop giving a fuck . 
  tbh i thought taiwan would be larger . 
  they have high speed rail too . 
  does nl ? 
  srs question . 
   states in the us also give up a huge amount of sovereignty in return and the federal government is allowed to freely operate within the states . 
  us states had * a lot * more autonomy in the 1840s . 
  it 's been steadily eroded since the civil war . 
  nothing serious , just shit that made me cringe . 
  not keeping to the right on the escalators when you 're standing still like everyone else does ( they keep a lane open for this ) . 
  talking english in your strong regional accent quite quickly to locals who wo n't understand it . 
  walking three abreast in crowded night markets . 
   actually with the declining unionist population and growing nationalist / non-unionist population it is very possible before the end of the century we will see a situation where ni may vote to rejoin ireland . 
  there is a growing * catholic * population . 
  this does not coincide very neatly at all with people who actually say they 'd vote for unification when the time comes . 
  why would your average catholic northern irish want to give up the nhs and their cushy civil service job/uk unemployment benefit for the uncertaintly of ireland ? 
  it seems like pragmatism trumps identity , and various informal polls done in this bare me out . 
  most people just ca n't comprehend that cultures are different . 
  that their notions and mindset about how things should be are not shared by everyone . 
  that their own cultural feelings and preferences are n't a universal law . 
  also most people seem to do fuck all research before they relocate somewhere . 
  and are constantly shocked or ignorant of things they could have easily been prepared for . 
  it was eye opening watch whites make an ass of themselves in taiwan for example . 
  i always noticed chinese and indians being oblivious to social norms in my own country , but to see it in reverse really drove it home . 
  even some germans struggle here , despite a much smaller `` cultural distance '' . 
  they do n't understand that in anglo-saxon countries we wo n't tell someone if they 're being rude , we will simply write them off . 
  for the inverse of this , try checking out one of the threads on toytown germany where english-speaking expat whinge about absolutely everything under the sun . 
   i ca n't help but shake the feeling that ireland might annex that little part of britain in ireland someday , thus achieving our final form . 
  i do n't see it happening at all . 
  lol you 've never seen germans overseas have you . 
  ( not picking on germans , just going by your flag . 
  it 's the same with migrants from everywhere . 
  most people do n't have the mindset to coexist well outside their home area ) . 
  give it time :(, 
   otherwise you should pack your stuff and get home where you came from . 
  almost everywhere with european populations is being over-run . 
  at this rate we will have nowhere to go . 
   or better do n't , because there is a quite high chance you have some german roots somewhere in your line - and we do n't want people like you here . 
  so first it 's `` you should leave and go back home european . '', 
  then it 's `` do n't come to europe we do n't want you here '' . 
  that will allow warsaw to hold out for what , 3 days more ? 
  ungrateful parasites, 
  better than to have western countries so transformed that we have nothing left . 
  i 'm in east asia at the moment . 
  for some reason they do n't seem to feel a great desire to import a lot of africans , indians and arabs . 
  wonder if i can convince them about all the diversity they 're missing out on . 
  japan , korea and china all do it . 
  why is it a sin for the uk ? 
  our de-factor academy is aping the speech patterns of a certain inbred family in britain . 
  yes , and they were all riding unicorns, 
  as well as confusingly , only half of new guinea . 
  look everyone , britain is a part of europe !, 
  ... i 'll go tell them the bad news . 
  yeah why the hell do you post here ? 
  this is n't your subreddit , leave !, 
  welcome to humanity, 
  your german spelling is awful, 
  anschluss with flanders - coming soon !, 
  maybe i am not reading this properly but ... it takes hours to go from flensburg to denmark !? 
  how slow are they walking ? 
  i guess i am just really losing patience with the typical wessis i talk to . 
  their whole , pathologicially un-nationalist kriegsschulde rhetoric does my head in after a while . 
  i mean it 's fantastic germany is n't nazi anymore , sure . 
  but acting like having a military that is as effective as frances would lead to a second holocaust is just ... utterly retarded . 
  yes , forced marches where a lot of people died . 
  worse shit happened but it 's still not exactly fun and games for civilians to go through that . 
  i do n't get the attitude that their civilians deserved to suffer . 
  god , germans are such pussies now . 
  wessis in particular , ossis still seem kind of normal ( as do austrians ) . 
  that was in 1938 . 
  military dictatorsips in europe were common place , noone knew about the holocaust , and they were being brought back into their own nation state , out of a nation state that was openly hostile to them . 
  of course they would cheer to be a part of germany . 
  this is 7 years before stunned german civilians were marched through auschwitz . 
  get some damn perspective . 
  right , exactly . 
  detached ethnic minorities all over europe wanted to be part of their nation state post wwi , it was hardly unique to ethnic germans . 
  you 're using collective responsibility as a way to justify ethnic cleansing ? 
  that 's pretty awful . 
  it 's like saying palestinian got what 's coming to them because of the war-mongering of the arab league . 
  it 's civilians that get fucked over . 
  because it 's equally as stupid as the other guy bringing up vichy . 
  fight hyperbole with hyperbole , or something . 
  german citizens were ethnically cleansed from the sudetenland following wwii . 
  we all know the crimes nazi germany committed . 
  does that mean ethnic cleansing in retaliation is justified ? 
  better that than mecca . 
  fun fact : the kite was actually paid for by the german government . 
  a military union makes sense from my naive vantage point .
