sch\u00e4uble . . leftist . . yeah , right . 
  `` eurozone wide '', 
  `` why do germans still hate hitler ? '' we were supposed to stop ? 
  it should be noted that the law does not require you to run into a burning house , but to help in a way that does not put yourself ( or others ) at risk . 
  sorry , my bad . 
  nevermind , mixed up two names . 
  oh dear , she expressed her confidence in federal prosecutor general harald range . . for those unaware , when merkel does that iot usually ends with that person having to retire within the next few months . 
  according to this site : http://hatmerkelschonihrvertrauenausgesprochen.de/ this happens in 2/3 of the cases within the 190 days . 
  uh you are forgetting the swedes . 
  caused even more death & destruction than ww2 . 
  we really are sorry about that . 
  hey , we only started two out of three french wars !, 
  ah come on , half of your economy is basically based on germans visiting your beaches and digging holes there !, 
  well they 'll be getting high on way or another . 
  austria joined the eu in 1995 , not 2004 . 
  how happy are the french with their national holiday if i may ask ? 
  because as far as i remember the events of that 14th july 1789 . . they do n't look very glorious to me . 
  as a fellow cripple , being disabled does not prevent ( nor excuse ) one from being an asshole . 
  yep , that was what i was thinking about . 
  no harm in doing it again i guess . 
  though it may be pointed out that there was never really much objection to calling it a genocide , but rather that people in general keep mostly forgetting that we had any colonies in the first place . 
  somewhat off topic . . but at what point becomes a tunnel a better solution than a bridge ? 
  is there a formula which describes at what length a brdige becomes more expansive than a tunnel ? 
  did n't that happne something like 10-15 years ago when heidemarie wieczorek-zeul ( minister of foreign aid back then ) visited namibia ? 
  you 'll just waste it on some flowers or plants again . 
  no , no . 
  the romans nailed it . 
  it took until 1990 ( and a decision by the federal court ) for complete women suffrage . 
  you were able up until the 1970s to buy `` verdingkinder '' ( contract children ) . 
  these were orphans or children out of wedlock , to use them as labour on farms . 
  these children used to make up a fifth of the agricultural work force and were commonly subjects of violent and sexual abuse . 
  not getting jokes is our job . 
  stop stealing our jobs !, 
  while not at the top , denmark still has a higher immigrant population than most countries , including italy . 
  fine , the name is the one thing about congo that ca n't be blamed on you guys . 
  ( okok i 'll stop , when when do we germans ever get the morale high ground . 
  on a slightly more serious note . . i recently visited belgium . . whats up with all the golden leopold ii statues ?? ), 
  also who was in charge of naming the republic of the congo and democratic republic of the congo ? 
  could n't they have thrown at least a north/south or west/east in there ? 
  so thats why you founded you nation right between the french and germans ... i mean come on , what were you expecting ? 
  would have made more sense with viserys targaryen . 
  despite the article they are not battleship but frigates . . well at least germany calls them frigates . 
  like the sachsen class , tonnage wise they would usually be called destroyers , but frigates sounds less aggressive . 
  thats because germany regular ranked the most popular country in the world ... for some reason . 
   against other french . 
  did you call us germans just french ? 
  why ? 
  what have we ever done to you to deserve that ? 
  is that the original intro ? 
  i remember the shows having pretty cool openning songs ( at least i though so as a kid ) . 
  using bach seems almost . . scary und illfitting ( as even as a kid i would connect that melody with vampires and monsters ) . 
  it is not that simple . 
  while there might be indeed a majority of cdu voters that would support it . 
  merkel wo n't lose their support ( or at least very much of it ) if she still does not support it herself . 
  on the other hand if she would , those among her voters who still oppose it would react much more strongly and cause her much more trouble . 
  merkel position is usually not based on her own convictions , but on whichever positiion causes the least trouble and resistance for her . 
  the problem is that that her voters are the group with the least support for same sex marriage . 
  for the time being all that can be hoped for are small `` upgrades '' to the already existing same sex civil unions . 
  i think that bow is a saw . 
  99 luftballons i guess for germany . 
  there are certainly better germans songs , but few are as widely known ( or as widely german ) , unless maybe you go with classic music . 
   he sea , in the channel perhaps . 
  we dutch like to create new land , so we just need a location . 
  you are thinking too small . 
  the time has come for atlantropa !, 
  i might be wrong , but i think the `` best '' way to influence the situation from a european scale is by having spanish people taking this issue to the european court of justice . 
  instead of protesting in person , they just projected images of protestors , to avoid punishment under the new laws . 
  it is not like he volunteered but was drafted at a time were even the notion of dissent would get you hanged . 
  what you can accuse him of is waiting too long to talk about it . 
  does it just feel weird to me that all our neighbours want us to increase our military size & spending , as well as to act less pacifistic . 
  i mean . . they are n ot wrong ... it still feels weird though . 
  may i suggest to fight it out at the gates of vienna ? 
  actually openly taken a firm position instead of wishy washy phrases is very unusual for her . 
  sadly it was not the positition one could and should expect from the leader of what sees itself as a liberal society . 
  do you plan to return to the borders from before ww1 ? 
  it would allow you faster access to our beer & liquor . 
  i mean that what the tunnel business is about , right ? 
  sorry , we used them to make a trophy case for the 74 world cup trophy . 
   is that enough to tag greeks in general though ? 
  no , nor did i claim to do so . 
  there is a huge leeway between ignoring a politican and using his remarks as a justification to `` despise '' all his fellow countryman . 
  it is one thing to dismiss the actions of a fringe group like golden dawn , but when the government find it fitting to ally themselves with anel and give their founder kammenos such a high ranking position , than the same government has a responsibility for his actions and comments while in that position . 
  and it is not criticizing those actions and comments that `` lessen greeks '' , but these acts and comments themselves . 
  but he is not a simple back bencher of the government coalition but the current minister of defense . 
  that post is a bit too high to be simply ignored . 
  the orions are maritime patrol aircraft and greece lies among an extremely busy shipping lane . 
  even after dismissing all possible military needs , greece must still be able to police those lanes to have any benifit from them , and this includes using planes like this . 
  and any airframe needs regular overhauls . 
  german troops are already stationed in szczecin as part of the multinational corps northeast . 
  wait . . you prefer that over not getting occupied by germany in the first place ? 
  the early 90s must have been a wild time in the cartography industy . 
  oh do n't worry , the dutch were bastards long before you ever got there . 
  but that actually shows that it was not just to save german ( and french ) banks , but to prevent a chain reactions that would hurt those already weakened economies as well . 
  uh the exposure of german banks in greece at the start of this was rougly 30 billion $ . 
  while certainly a huge sum in almonst any context , not so much with regard to this issue . 
  if berlin 's only worry would have been about that exposure there would have been cheaper and simpler ways to deal with it . 
  estiona does not have any mbts eithers , only ifvs ( like the dutch ), 
  the south sea bubble was far worse than this . 
  55 \u00b0 17 \u2032 0 \u2033 n , 18 \u00b0 25 \u2032 33 \u2033 e about 80m under water, 
  then why did you found your nation right between the french and the germans ?
