how does that make it newsworthy ? 
  if a european said women should do the cleaning , which is a opinion some europeans have , it would never even be posted on / r/europe , let alone make it to the front page . 
  it was upvoted because it fits into the `` refugees are horrible '' narrative of many europeans . 
   danes are an irrelevant people . 
  cool , but i 'm norwegian . 
  i agree , but that 's not what i 'm referring to . 
  i would n't call a group 18-24 year olds not cleaning their room newsworthy , and yet it was upvoted to the front page of / r/europe ... because they were refugees ... 
  assad is a massive cunt , but he is without a doubt better than isil . 
  if iraq has taught us anything it 's that we ca n't take out both the government and the militias . 
  we need to pick a side in order to stabilize the region . 
  global warming causes mass immigration , so i imagine alot of europeans should care . 
  i do n't think he needs his friends for that . 
  there are plenty of people in / r/europe that will upvote anything about how awful refugees are and how we should n't accept them . 
   their defeat would be imminent . 
  a war would russia would result in the defeat of everyone , not just russia . 
  nato wo n't attack russia . 
  russia is just afraid nato will be able to defend the former soviet nations and prevent putin 's new empire . 
  why else would they threaten to `` strike first '' if nato builds a missile shield ? 
  you ca n't just magically stabilize the middle east . 
  i sincerely doubt you can come up with a working plan the united states was n't able to come up with . 
  the region is piss poor has an extreme amount of ethnic and religious tension . 
  starting another war only further destabilizes the region . 
  sitting back and doing nothing is litterary the best option . 
  a little history lesson for you : invading a middle eastern country does not stabilize it . 
  there is n't an analogy in my comment, 
  yes , my country is responsible . 
  i 'm not , but my country and the majority of it 's people are . 
  just like the united states is responsible for every war crime it has commited and continues to commit , even though there is minority that opposes it ( whom are not responsible ) . 
  that is how it works . 
  if a person is elected twice , then the country is responsible for his actions . 
  i say country , because in a democracy there is an opposition . 
  every person is not responsible for their leaders action , but the country sure as shit is . 
  if a majority supports government , then it 's the country 's choice to do what the government wants . 
   but i guess you mean norway right ? 
  why did you decide to invade afghanistan ? 
  my party lost the 2001 election , and did n't make the decision to participate in either wars . 
  i ca n't help but laugh , if a democratically elected government goes to war , it 's the county that put that government in power who is responsible . 
  americans are responsible for obama 's drone strikes , because they elected him , twice . 
  just like russians are responsible for everything putin does , as they have elected him over and over again . 
   in the meantime lay off the racist hate subreddits . 
  look at my comment history you clueless twat . 
  in the meantime , lay off the ad hominem attacks . 
  i said the country is responsible , and the country ** is ** responsible . 
  you can stop with the `` do you ? 
  did it ? 
  what 's the ? 
  '' , and just write a regular statement . 
  every president the united states has had in my lifetime has been a warmongerer , and so are the vast majority of congress . 
  ... and they are all democratically elected . 
  what 's your point ? 
  every country is responsible for their own governments actions , especially if that government is democratically elected . 
  russians are responsible for the russian government , exaclty like americans are responsible for the american government . 
  the fact that you 're russian makes this comment hilarious . 
  only in countries like russia is it common to fear `` homosexualism propaganda '' , aka people being honest . 
  you 're just digging your own grave here , americans and russians are both equally responsible for their own governments actions . 
  i doubt they payed fines they were n't required by law to pay . 
  we need the mountains to keep the swedes on their side of the border / s, 
  i was joking , but in all seriousness , there is a 90 % chance your waiter at a norwegian resturant is swedish, 
   huge waves of immigrants arriving here , even though there are virtually no jobs i know the feel bro , we have a huge wave of swedish immigrants coming to norway for jobs, 
  he also had a shrine dedicated to hitler in his house ... 
   finnish  booze checks out . 
  so they are just coming here for money because they already have money ? 
  they are fleeing war not poverty , obviously they can have nice things . 
  having an iphone does n't mean you are n't fleeing war . 
  not a refugee . 
  he has been in denmark since 2013 seeking asylum and his request was denied . 
  he was about to be sent home . 
  you have a life . 
  they do n't , it was taken away by a civil war . 
  i 'll take them over you any day . 
  they go where they get the best life , like any rational human being . 
  if i was syrian , i would race to norway . 
  but the vast majority of them stay in the closest country . 
  but as more poeple go there , they ca n't be provided for , so alot more further in to europe . 
  only a fraction of the refugees have actually gone far west . 
  you have no better claim to a decent life then they do . 
  they are n't pretending to be refugees , they * are * refugees . 
  they are n't violating any laws , as they are not normal immigrants . 
   so you are telling me that they do n't want a safe heaven to survive the terrors of war but they simply want to economically immigrate ? 
  you 're full of shit . 
  they did n't have a safe haven , their country is in a brutal civil war you idiot . 
  i 'd like to see you sit still for years in syria while your application is being processed . 
  even in turkey they have to just sit still with no money or shelter for many years before their application is even processed . 
  well , no offense to your country , i would do everything in my power to move further in to europe for a better life . 
  but the vast majority do n't . 
  the children are staying in the closest safe countries with their mothers , while the men travel further west were they have a better chance at getting a decent life . 
  and if they get a citizenship , their family can come via `` normal '' transportation instead of walking and sleeping in camps . 
  barely getting by in bulgaria is not a preferred alternative to living with the world 's highest quality of life . 
   one day humans will wake up . 
  europeans already are . 
  religion is declining fast . 
  as for the muslim immigrants , there will obviously be alot of ignorant and uneducated first-generation immigrants , but speaking from personal experience the second-generation are almost always more secular than religious when growing up in europe . 
  i did n't vote for our government and am firmly opposed to this . 
  the school for immigrants in my city is 10m from the the regular school , so i 've had plenty of encounters with our immigrants . 
  they get a proper education and after a few years are as norwegian as any of us . 
  the closer to the middle east , the more children . 
  that 's what the `` there 's only men ! '', 
  crowds not understanding . 
  the children are staying in the closest safe countries with their mothers , while the men travel further west were they have a better chance at getting a decent life . 
  and if they get a citizenship , their family can come via `` normal '' transportation instead of walking and sleeping in camps .
