could it be that they left the borders like this in order to create a new war , both internal and external ? 
  how can we have free travel when the outside frontier is n't controlled like it should be ? 
  probably not . 
  probably just a lot of bumbling but well intentioned people making a lot of dumb decisions , then making more desperate dumb decisions when they realize what a hole they 've dug themselves in . 
  this kind of shit is the reason americans are so unbending in our protection of free speech , even stuff that 's racist and offensive . 
  give them that power and they 'll stretch the definition of racist and offensive to include any political opposition . 
  / facepalm you did n't even read * that * right . 
  is english a second language for you ? 
  `` why do you think restrictions are restrictions ? '', 
  it 's because it took me five turns of conversation with progressively smaller words and shorter sentences in order to get you to almost comprehend one single statement . 
  you can read through my posting history if you want to learn my reasons for being against gun control ; i 've talked about it at length and in detail on here . 
  provisions [ edit ] the ny safe act includes the following provisions : [ 7 ] bans possession of any `` high-capacity magazines '' regardless of when they were made or sold . 
  the maximum capacity for all magazines is 10 rounds . 
  .22 caliber tubular magazines are exempt from this limit . 
  previously legal `` pre-1994-ban '' magazines with a capacity of 30 rounds are not exempt , and must be sold within one year to an out-of-state resident or turned in to local authorities . 
  the magazine limit took effect april 15 , 2013 . 
  [ 8 ] [ 9 ] originally the law allowed only seven rounds to be loaded into a magazine , but this provision was struck down by a federal judge on december 21 , 2013 . 
  [ 10 ] ammunition dealers are required to do background checks , similar to those for gun buyers . 
  dealers are required to report all sales , including amounts , to the state . 
  internet sales of ammunition are allowed , but the ammunition will have to be shipped to a licensed dealer in new york state for pickup . 
  ammunition background checks were scheduled to begin january 15 , 2014 , [ 11 ] but were put on hold indefinitely because the required `` seamless '' technology that would not inconvenience vendors or customers could not be put in place . 
  the superintendent of state police , charged with creating such technology , is working on development , but a release date is still unknown . 
  [ 12 ] so while out-of-state vendors are required to ship ammunition to a nys licensed dealer , the buyer can still pick it up with no check of any kind required , or walk into any registered ammunition dealer ( now required under the act to sell ammunition ) and buy ammunition providing he/she is over 18 . 
  requires creation of a registry of assault weapons . 
  those new yorkers who already own such weapons would be required to register their guns with the state . 
  registration began on april 15 , 2013 and must have been completed before april 15 , 2014 . 
  [ 9 ] requires designated mental health professionals who believe a mental health patient made a credible threat of harming others to report the threat to a mental health director , who would then have to report serious threats to the state department of criminal justice services . 
  a patient 's gun could be taken from him or her . 
  stolen guns are required to be reported within 24 hours . 
  failure to report can result in a misdemeanor . 
  broadens definition of `` assault weapon '' from two identified features to one . 
  the sale and/or transfer of newly defined assault weapons is banned within the state , although sales out of state are permitted . 
  possession of the newly defined assault weapons is allowed only if they were possessed at the time that the law was passed , and must be registered with the state within one year . 
  requires background checks for all gun sales , including by private sellers - except for sales to members of the seller 's immediate family . 
  private sale background checks began march 15 , 2013 . 
  [ 11 ] guns must be `` safely stored '' from any household member who has been convicted of a felony or domestic violence crime , has been involuntarily committed , or is currently under an order of protection . 
  [ 11 ] unsafe storage of assault weapons is a misdemeanor . 
  mandates that all purchases of firearms go through a licensed firearm dealer ( ffl ) , unless it is an exempted transfer between family members increases sentences for gun crimes , including upgrading the offense for taking a gun on school property from a misdemeanor to a felony . 
  [ 13 ] the state penal law section on aggravated murder was amended to increase penalties for murdering a first responder ( the `` webster '' provision ) to life in prison without parole . 
  [ 14 ] limits the state records law to protect handgun owners from being identified publicly . 
  however , existing permit holders have to opt into this provision by filing a form within 120 days of the law 's enactment . 
  [ 15 ] there also may exist issues with respect to `` registered '' owners in the new regulations vs `` permit '' holders under previous law . 
  requires pistol permit holders or owners of registered assault weapons to have them renewed at least every five years . 
  allows law enforcement officials to seize regulated types of firearms from an individual , provided the individual has been certified by a medical professional to be too mentally unstable to safely possess `` spray '' firearms , shotguns , or rifles . 
  [ 16 ] [ 17 ] support [ edit ], 
  do you need other people do research all your facts for you ? 
  what did they tell you when you asked in / r/nyguns ? 
  right , but let 's say someone felt there was an imminent danger , then they could take the gun out of the cabinet and load it with ammunition ... 
  look at the laws they 've passed california and new york . 
  they 're extremely restrictive , and they continue to push for more restrictions every chance they get . 
  that 's what they want for the entire country . 
  we do n't want that . 
  is that simple enough for you ? 
  how difficult could this possible fucking * be ? 
  do they sell guns there that ca n't be used for self defense , like it wo n't fire if you aim it at a person ? 
  edit - i did n't really want to go too far down the gun debate rabbit hole on this , but i find the notion that `` guns are * not * for self defense here '' to be completely inane . 
  it 's a mechanical object , you could pick it up and use it for whatever you wanted to . 
  you have literally not listened to a single thing i said . 
  night . 
  that 's quite a haul . 
  german speaking countries sure do make sure nice firearms . 
  what did you pick up ? 
  i 've been really curious to see if this would happen . 
  it 's one thing to be all anti gun when you do n't have any real crime to worry about , but being threatened with imminent violence can change your perspective on that . 
  checking a box that says `` not for self defense '' on the forms does n't put a magic bubble around it that makes it impossible to use it for those purposes ... 
   i really do n't think there 's some massive conspiracy to take guns away . 
  what i described above is * what 's already taken place . 
  * the `` massive conspiracy '' is a massive straw man . 
  gun control groups have come out and said that 's what their strategy is , though these days they 're way more coy about it . 
  shouting `` conspiracy theory ! '', 
  at someone for pointing out what 's being done publicly , out in the open is a pathetic attempt at derailing the conversation . 
  his tax plan actually would give a massive cut to the rich ... 
  i hate how he dismissed people 's concerns as a `` conspiracy for the government to take everyone 's guns and declare martial law . '', 
  it 's no secret that they 'll keep on passing infringement after infringement until we have nothing left , and we need to look at is new york state and california to see where they 're going with this . 
  they 're more restrictive than some countries in europe , and they * still * want to pass more and more restrictions . 
  they actually have gone house to house confiscating guns from people , too . 
  it 's not going to end ; they 're not going to get their `` expanded background checks '' and be satisfied with that . 
  they 're going to keep taking and taking and everyone knows it , so that 's the reason why we just say `` fuck you , no '' to every new angle they come up with . 
  cnn is a lapdog for whoever 's in power , and completely , 100 % corporatist . 
  i remember their coverage of the bullshit the bush administration fed them leading up to the iraq war ; they were completely credulous and uncritical of it , even though any casual observer with an ounce of skepticism could see it was a bunch of crap . 
  ask any actual left with person if they think cnn is `` leftist '' and see what they tell you . 
  and also , for real , fox transparently is the gop 's mouthpiece . 
  people have leaked their internal memos ; this is what their mission is . 
  everything they report is in the context of pushing the gop 's agenda . 
  fox is the one tv outlet here that 's raison detre is serving as a mouthpiece for a political party . 
  most just suck up to whoever is in power , but fox is the only one whose stated policy is to push the agenda of the gop , and it 's been shown over and over that people who watch fox and only fox have absolutely no factual information about what 's going on in the world . 
  edit - and for people not getting this , that does n't mean it 's the only one that has a liberal or conservative * slant * . 
  it means it 's actually a part of the apparatus of one of the parties . 
  they straight up take direction from the gop , and everything they do is in the context of selling the gop 's agenda . 
  a lot of the time it 's access . 
  they want people in power to feed them stories and give them press credentials to events , and they need to go along and get along or they get cut off . 
  it 's the same way in the us - people in power have dog trained the media by giving them the silent treatment if they report anything critical . 
  i think it 's sort of like how we `` accept and tolerate '' the drug war , open bribery of congress , squandering trillions on pointless nation building adventures and such . 
  we do n't like it , and we speak out , but for the most part the mainstream media and political candidates sweep it under the rug , and the majority of us do n't have the time or the resources to do anything about it . 
  i guess it really is kind of the same as how people say `` socialist '' as a thought stopper here , to try to equate someone like bernie sanders to che guevara or some shit , when there 's really a world of difference between what the two are asking for . 
  it seems like they label * anything * that does n't conform to far left ( by american standards ) ideology as populist/fascist/far right etc , when what they 're saying is n't all that unreasonable . 
  sweden 's immigration policy seems suicidal to me , but anyone who says `` uh , guys , we really ca n't absorb 10 % of our population in destitute migrants '' gets shouted down by the media . 
  it also seems like people like that are underrepresented in government too , and far left policy dominates out of proportion to what the public wants . 
  i dunno , maybe i could be totally off on that , but that 's how it appears to me from across the pond . 
  do the majority of people actually support these immigration policies ?
