if any country wants to stay as a regressive , autocratic backwater they can . 
  not giving extra privileges to sexually abnormal people has nothing to do with being autocratic . 
   the eu forces nothing , it is completely voluntary . 
  or it just corrupts leaders of democracies , like tusk in poland . 
  though we finally kicked that idiot and his progressive party , and given sole majority in government to conservatives  hell yeah . 
  maybe we can back some freedom , e.g. 
  to hire 100 % white staff , or 100 % hetero staff ( or 100 % black one , if someone wishes - whatever - his private money = his choice ) . 
  so eu can just corrupt politicians , sadly we have democracy in this countries . 
  ideally eu would ask individual people , or maybe cities or some smaller units then countries about this things , and some would say `` no , thanks '' . 
   does n't accept the equality of minorities like homosexuals , is injurious to their human rights . 
  this is summary of the lie spread by eu and other such socialists . 
  taking away human rights of lgbt would be to have a law stating `` only sexually normal people can call police , or use courts '' . 
  what lgbt wants is to get extra privileges , at expense of freedom of everyone else . 
  you do not like bald people , or stinking people , or badly dressed people - ok you can hire someone else your money . 
  but if you do not like gay people , whooops sorry buddy you 're out of luck , you lose in this case freedom , you must hire some . 
   of course , this is what the eu does ; encourages countries to become liberal , transparent , respect human rights and enforce rule of law . 
  of course not . 
  eu is destroying people 's right to choose how to spend own money . 
  it also destroys any free speech with all this politically correct crap . 
  hopefully isis can conquer half eu and restart this shit , let 's get it over with . 
  or , let 's just wait for socialism to take it 's tall on economies , though this can take even a decade of slow down spiral . 
  it is , but cultural marxists are one of biggest damn hypocrites on the planet . 
   one small step towards becoming a fully westernised and liberal democracy . 
  this is sad , but with lack maybe they can reverse this . 
  also , lgbt over privilage is not liberal , certainly not in the meaning of freedom . 
  it is about taking people 's right to hire or do business with whom they want , now you need to explain and find excuses for how you spend your money , wtf . 
  i 'm sorry my choice of who i want to give my private money to oppresses you . 
  [ triggered ], 
  this is sad . 
  guy who pays the money should decide how he spends it for any reason he likes , it 's his money . 
  lol , socialists will never learn . 
  let 's smash all the computers !, 
  they `` toook maaa joo '' away from machine typists , and people doing basic calculations by hand . 
  and reduced number of doooobs created in scientific fields and management . 
   high time for actions . 
  hate speech should not be tolerated . 
  not online and not irl . 
  your hate speech against hate speech insults my values and deeply offends me :p check-mate . 
  so long free speech . 
  no , freedom of speech is not just freedom to say `` nice things '' or the kind of things someone thinks is `` correct '' . 
   give them safety from war zones and persecution they are not running away from war , they are here to collect the free money that socialists are handing out like soc *** ists . 
   if i had just escaped war , then i would be happy to be alive . 
  maybe this comment is off-topic . 
  they are not refugees , they are welfare seekers , intent to exploit eu . 
  maybe this is for the better , shows everyone faster how communism/socialism ends . 
  in uk , ( and afair germany and france ) - already majority of new born are children of the arabic ( and usually islamic ) immigrants . 
  and islamists take their believes quite seriously , almost always their children will take on their culture too . 
  so you will be in minority with our white civilisation and values like not stoning to death woman for sex before marriage . 
  and we will be in minority , white people will be rare sight . 
  i would prefer that to not change in my homeland . 
  ( actually poland is very safe from this , like 98 % of people are white poles here ) . 
  how about no . 
  you need even more bureaucrats to take even more of everyone money , so they can give the money back to people  ) and bureaucrats and it systems to give this universal income money to everyone . 
  also cool question that is on today 's topics : will the illegal immigrants also get this money , at which point/time after arrival ? 
  after waiting e.g. 
  10 years and passing some exams ? 
  and at which point their children born in finland get that , after 18 years old ? 
  in the process demotivating most people from work `` hey why i should work , i have money anyway '' . 
  so less people work . 
  so you need to tax more people . 
  so even less people work because the amount of money you gain from working ( after taxation ) versus money for sitting on ass all day watching tv is getting lower . 
  so you need to again increase taxes . 
  and the spiral continues , as usually in communist-like states , back to poverty . 
  i would give it 10-30 years to ruin the nation depending of how much reserves of money and natural resources you have to spend like that . 
  this was personally overseen and confirmed by one of our senator . 
  how much more sources do you need ? 
  if this idea will take off , this will be endless source of lols ;d, 
  most people do not `` hate '' islamists or other such people , we just want them to stay happily somewhere else then in our homeland . 
  you want them ? 
  cool , take them , you can have them all . 
  deal ? 
  also , we could let in some tiny number of them , that does not turn us to minority in our own homeland like france , uk and germany will become ( e.g. 
  1 % ) is fine ( for most of people i know ) , under conditions : - they are not isis ( nor other ) terrorists - would be good if they are not islamists , because this relligion says to murder and rape us ( the infidels ) - they must take no welfare in form of money , free housing , nor free access to prostitutes as recently [ proposed by some ultra-leftists in germany ] ( http://www.blazingcatfur.ca/2015/03/08/germany-retired-pastor-calls-for-free-prostitutes-for-asylum-seekers/ ), 
   as long as you base your claims on anecdotes , they will remain claims , and nothing more . 
  ( it 'd also be great if you 'd realise i 'm not claiming every single one wants to work . 
  the `` most '' is a hint ) half escaped right the day after they got registered in poland . 
  into gibmoney of course . 
  and this joke name `` gibmoney '' is exactly how they see germany , if you did n't catch it . 
   except , then eu-rednecks would waste their vocal chords screaming that these welfare-leeches `` took ` er jerbs ! '', 
  :p maybe socialists would , sane people do not say that . 
   143 $ per month , not even accounting for recent changes . 
  polish net median income is around 900 $ . 
  do n't forget to take into account that cost of life is a lot cheaper in poland than it is in germany . 
  btw , do not look at mediana , look at average . 
  average polish person earns around minimum wage , around 450 eur . 
  but yes , 143 eur would not be that bad . 
  how ever are n't they getting a lot more , by cleverly exploiting the system ? 
  unemployed - welfare , have a child - welfare , is a `` single '' mother - welfare , have another child - welfare well , do you know the exact amounts in this cases ? 
   coming to claim welfare , they want to work , send part of their earnings back home and return when they have accumulated a small fortune ( little by european standards ) . 
  we took some of this immigrants just recently to poland . 
  they were given free housing , schooling . 
  even people organized them work and all . 
  they fucking fleed the next day ( back to germany ) . 
  this is why this people are here , to take your money . 
  when you will wake up ? 
  you ( gibmoney/markel , sweeden yes !, 
  and france ) are laughing stock for us in poland , hungary , czech republic and other saner ( at least in regard to immigrants and leftist 's political over correctness ) nations . 
   merkel wants concentration camps ? 
  what ? 
  yes .
