  markel told poland to take in migrants . 
  we already did took some . 
  they fleed the next day , probably back to germany . 
  illegals are looking for highest welfare money , they will not stay even if they get some free housing and work and free school . 
  this already happened in poland . 
  so , germany wants to stop that and wants poland to ** guarantee ** that illegals will stay here in our camps . 
  but they will be trying to run . 
  so we need to catch them and put them behind fences ... they will not be happy , so obviously we will have to use gas and eventually weapons . 
  how do you call a place , where you hold large amount of only minority people , behind fences and under armed guards , and you disallow them to leave that place ? 
   if i tell you to kill someone and you do it , i 'm responsible too , i ca n't just hide behind freedom of speech . 
  if this is an army , i 'm a private and you 're the general then sure . 
  how ever if a guy is free person , then the blame is only on him , maybe less if he is threatened or mentally retarded and ca n't take responsibility for own actions . 
  this is in general what is fair , even if i dislike how islamists and illegal islamic immigrants are using this speech to conqueror europe ( and are winning in france , uk , germany ) - still we should punish for actions if we want to have any moral ground . 
  though we could of course use prejuice or what ever where it comes to giving things , e.g. 
  withdraw any `` welfare '' to anyone that does shit like it . 
  if they would not be going for welfare - and only highest welfare nothing else will do - then they could just stay in any other country on the way . 
  the registration process in germany is also getting longer and longer due to how fucking many of them there are in line . 
  i read articles how illegals in sweeden ( or was it other nordic country ) are given nice houses ( normal houses , or partments/flats ) . 
  and some yet complain e.g. 
  that this one is not nice enough . 
  well i think my country should pay for the countries that it invaded on orders of usa , and i can only hope in future shitty democracy process will not lead us to again be mercenaries for usa . 
  maybe all countries who attacked this countries should pay . 
  but that is one thing . 
  taking in immigrants and giving them any welfare money is absolutely out of the question . 
  also , there are countries that did not participated in this invasions and crimes of usa , from europe , probably switzerland for one example . 
  and there is really simple way to honestly find out : remove welfare , especially the one for immigrants . 
  give them 0 money . 
  if they want to just work , they can come and work . 
  if they do not want , they can not come - or leave . 
   contrary to what you seem to believe , most migrants are n't coming to claim welfare , they want to work , no , almost all of them are here to collect the welfare . 
  basically none of this new illegal islamic migrants wants to work . 
  we can really easily find out : give absolute zero money . 
  provide simple tents ( plus blankets ) , give them water and some basic food . 
  they start a fight - kick them out . 
  they wonder around the city - kick them out . 
  they do anything illegal - kick them out . 
  they rape local people ( like they did italy ) - hang them . 
  then i bet at most 10 % or less of current amount will come , if there is no free money to be given by silly eu-socialists . 
  ok , poland indeed was playing a disgraceful rule here , but more like a dog on a leash of americans . 
  for iraq and all the other wars , usa is to blame as leader of it . 
  fortunately we play lesser role recently , e.g. 
  with the destabilization of libya . 
  also , this is not a reason to join another disaster lead by germany this time . 
  well let 's start with money . 
  if you cut the money , then they will just stop coming , they are not refugees , they are just here for the money . 
  you seen the videos where angry illegal immigrants throw food at police , or set own government-given tents on fire because they want to be given money and nice houses instead ? 
  if not then look around on youtube before it 's censored by politically correct socialists . 
  after free money and free housing is removed , if there would be few actual refugees , really running from war from war ridden country , then after through background check they could be maybe helped , but then too after some time they should just go to work like everyone fucking else . 
  sooner or later all recorded now messages with rsa , and dh and ecdh will be breakable on quantum computers . 
  though alternatives are emerging that will be not susceptible . 
   the known hate preachers yeah let 's shit on any freedom of speech . 
  no , freedom of speech is not just freedom to say things that you or society deems `` nice '' or anything . 
   and radicals who are leeching benefits ok , removing the illegal immigrants with different and violent culture is a good idea . 
  since they want ( in majority ) to force the sharia law they can do it somewhere else . 
   how is this different to phone wiretapping ? 
  people should be allowed to build phone lines that can not be broken into . 
  people are mostly idiots . 
  people who care are minority . 
  and in democracy this minority is ruled by the mob of scared gullible morons - this is why democracy does stupid shit like socialism , and later moves on to fascism , which we can see in uk for example ( and in all of eu that regulates everything under the sun and wants to close immigrants in concentration camps like markel said ), 
  it 's allowed in poland too , afair you have to have separate room for smokers . 
   what matters is who 'll be the first to leave . 
  indeed  i wish poland would , but since we have now socialists as leaders again ( pis instead of po ) i 'm afriad it will take a while . 
  probably hungary will be the first one to go . 
  then send them 1000 $ , what are you waiting for ? 
  the eu are hard core neocommunists , they are still at stage of creating this problem , germany is actually inviting all this people and gives them free houses and lots of money , more then people earn in some other countries in europea . 
  if our `` leaders '' would ever want to actually stop this flood they just need to stop inviting them . 
  stop giving them free stuff . 
  and problem solved . 
   when they know they 'll live the good life in europe pssst , maybe first germany should stop giving out free food , free houses , and free cash to all the illegals ? 
  they are `` earning '' for `` being illegal immigrant '' more then many polish workers . 
  so it 's obvious people will come . 
   we can stop them if we wanted to . 
  yeah , eu can express highest worries about this matter . 
  maybe even send an angry letter or two !, 
  how scary !, 
  why should eu countries participate in your problems ? 
  we have nothing to do with syria . 
  as well you can ask japan or australia to help . 
  maybe except uk and france and usa , this guys started the problems in syria and libia . 
  but not other countries . 
  so how much did you donated to turkey 's social help center yet ? 
  start the change with yourself . 
   there is literally no country , not even eu ones , who are really successfully stopping them from moving on . 
  hungary seems to succeed in not letting them in . 
   if you want the eu to do something , give it the power to do it . 
  no , just dismantle that failed neo-communist/socailist project already . 
  and let countries rescue themselves . 
  germany is probably lost anyway , especially with markel at helms . 
  france is definitely lost . 
  not sure about uk . 
  but other countries can do just fine , if they simply will not take these not-refugees welfare seekers ( and isis terrorists likely ) . 
  yes , death penalty is a good idea - but you need to have good court system , very good ways to avoid mistakes , and only apply that penalty if the case and evidences are obvious . 
  death penalty is only thing that can try to stop terrorists . 
  also without it a man sentenced to lifetime has no problem trying to murder other people ( e.g. 
  prison guards or anything ) , it 's not like they can punish him more . 
  as a bonus , it could get the country out of eu , which is a worthy goal on it 's own : } but back to immigrants . 
  he cares about own nation , because he protected his nation from this flood of dangerous people , while other nations just stay and take it ( especially captain sweeden yes !, 
  and germany ) . 
  other then that you are just calling him names , without proving your point . 
  getting the gypsies to obey law is a good goal too , they keep causing problems everywhere in poland where they are present in large groups .
