  about gays , not sure what do you have in mind , what did he do about it ? 
  also sue to get free money . 
  do n't forget to throw out your passport first and put black paste on skin for better effect , 
  i bet weather will be more helpful in getting illegal welfare seekers out , then politicians . 
  ( except hungarian 's orban , one of very few leaders with balls who puts well-being of own countryman before wishes of eu social/communists ), 
  yes , it is - you pay most of your money to the government ( around 2/3 ) , and then government finances socialistic ideas like this immigration programs . 
  in normal countries , if you illegally cross the border , you are shot ( usa ) or arrested . 
  or at very least , if you are allowed to stay , then you have to work on your spendings same as every other person does . 
  but union replaced all that . 
  nope , they are all going to exactly one place , the one with highest welfare . 
  and you ca n't blame them too much , the idiots who created welfare , socialists , are too blame - it 's obvious people will exploit this . 
  right , so this is why this things do ** not ** bother me too much in either direction . 
  about this people ( germans ) , i think they are also acting on this principle - `` hey you want illegal islamic immigrants then you f * king take them '' : in this case how ever the problem is that immigrants are forced into their homes ( i read germans are now sometimes kicked out of own homes to make room for this illegal immigrants ) . 
  clashes also happen on state region , afair one of the regions of germany stated they are against illegal immigrants too . 
  it would be lovely if this problem would dissolve european union and e.g. 
  free poland , so that my homeland will never be forced to take in illegals . 
  and maybe it could even split germany ( low chance but it 's possible ) if one region has the balls to stand up to central gov of germany on this issue . 
  in such a case , the bigger the separation the less tension . 
  some very anti-immigrant land in germany will take none , so the national people there will not need to attack anyone . 
  and some very multi-culti land can then take them all if they are so silly . 
  and everyone is happy  decentralization - key to personal freedom and avoiding conflicts . 
  this is also why eu will fall apart ( the sooner the better imo , 
  not at all , i said that the numbers suggest all that `` refugees '' thing is bullshit ( they are social welfare tourists ) . 
  and i 'm just adding that eurostat seem to remain objective , and point of that even body connected to biassed eu is admitting that . 
  yes , they are not deserving free money . 
  no one is . 
  though you know , if e.g. 
  germans really want to ruin own country and give away all their money , then sure be my guest , just do not force others to participate in this disaster . 
  in addition they are not deserving to just roam around any country as they wish , i do not want random people who have opposing culture to come near my property . 
  fortunately so far poland is quite resilient to this problem , along with czech republic , hungary , and slovakia . 
  even socialistic eurostat confirmed , only 20 % of these people are from syria ( that has war ) . 
  second largest group is afghanistan , which theoretically does not have war . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6996925/3-18092015-bp-en.pdf/b0377f79-f06d-4263-aa5b-cc9b4f6a838f and remaining half are from country with no war in it . 
  and what about the more important point i written ? 
  actual refugees go to first country that does not have war , and are grateful for not being shot at . 
  they do not demand free food , free houses , and money . 
  i see everyone repeats this socialist 's lie/propaganda , so it 's important to correct it . 
  why people keep spreading that lie ? 
   so you are allowed to commit violent crimes if you are unhappy and were n't consulted about something ? 
  no , let 's believe in democracy - the rule of idiots , just wait 5 years and pick other leader . 
  if new leader would suck too , no problem then try again in 10 years from now , 
   funny how those people commiting the crimes they accuse refugees off . 
  first of all , this are not refugees , 80 % are not from syria nor other war driven nation , and any real refugee would be happy to stay anywhere like greece or other 5-10 countries they pass on the way , if their mission is to just reach germany then they are evidently social warfare tourists . 
  other then that , they are accused primarily of rapes and religion motivated murder , and in general the problem is eating up lots of free money . 
  and the germans who attacked them did a street fight . 
  so they do not `` commit crimes they accuse ` refugees ' off '' - that would be the case if they would raped the woman from immigrant camps for example , or if they would assault the camp and demand the illegal immigrants to pay them some welfare money , 
   you ca n't bring people ( refugees ) this people are not refugees , they are mostly not even from syria nor from any other war that has a war in it . 
  and real refugees that stay in what ever place they can where they will not be killed , they pass greece and like 5 other countries on the way . 
  if they want to go only to germany then they are evidently free welfare seekers . 
  this is why love this guy  thank you orban , we do not need hordes of people from most of the world ( and 20 % of them from syria ) , mostly adult man who should work somewhere - and not seek free social benefits . 
  or actually : fuck eu-wide democracy : every country can do what it pleases . 
  if say germany wants to take more and more of these people until they drown it , then sure be my guest . 
  just do not force other countries to participate in this self destruction . 
  i would say her say is definitive in this matter , since she now as adult , with free will and not under pressure like a child would be - says to leave him alone , it 's something to really take into account . 
  and yet now she says that she wishes to have this case dropped . 
  well if the `` victim '' says it should be let go , it 's really something to consider . 
  you can disagree with his opinion that what eu does is fascism , how ever this is the point he was making . 
  he is criticizing eu and comparing it to fascism which he as well criticizes . 
  every media that written that he was there supporting fascism is telling the opposite of truth here , as can be easily verified by watching the whole speech not just the 3 seconds out of context cut out . 
  and btw , the eu is fascist , since they regulate every possible little thing in people 's life including is it legal to have an 80w incandescent light bulb ( or do i need to buy 2 * 40 w , wtf ) . 
  fascism is when central power regulates every fucking part of people 's life . 
  did anyone here read the part where the woman ( now adult etc ) says to let that guy free ? 
  or is it omitted in every media you read ( in such case , you need to find some more objective new papers for future ), 
  the `` victim '' says that this case should be dropped and the guy should be let free . 
  obviously she has more to say about that then you . 
  her opinion is decisive . 
  because the `` victim '' agreed to that , and also now as adult and free of any pressure she says to let him free and forget the whole thing . 
  as opposed to person who would attack someone else , and then the victim would like him prosecuted either right away and/or later ( when she has no pressure and can speak freely about this matter ) . 
  it 's not really a rape when everyone involved agrees to it , agreed back then , and still now as [ very ] adult person tells to let this man free . 
  not really a rape - the child had nothing against it then ; and also now she says to let it be , and that she does not wish for that man to be prosecuted . 
  now , many decades later when she can without any pressure say what she thinks . 
  call me crazy , but if the `` victim '' says it was ok and to let it be , then it should be her opinion that is most important here . 
  our janusz korwin mikke was doing that ironically , to show how eu is over regulating every detail of life , which is kind of fascism . 
  i find it very good that he had courage to call attention to this problems from which eu bureaucracy is known . 
  penalties for ironical self-criticism ( or criticism of eu ) are quite against free speech . 
  but well , free speech is long dead in eu , so yeah . 
  and very good , 
  yeah . 
  well reddit is quite heterogeneous . 
  but / r/europe as i said , is quite homo [ genic ] with neo communism and socialism . 
   removing socialism would merely lead to creation of a growing immigrant underclass living in poverty we are discussing the current massive islamic immigration . 
  these people are stopped by lack of social , that is why they all go only to berlin , and do not stop in other 8-10 countries they pass on the way that is as obligated to take them in , and also does not have any war . 
  i can gladly pay for my infrastructure . 
  to the people who sell it to me . 
  it 's fairly easy : you steal my wallet - you should be hanged . 
  directly or indirectly by taxing my work - same thing . 
  adding excuses like `` it 's for the refugees , omg think of the children '' is not going to work . 
   it does n't matter , when we would work together rather than shuffle the people to the next country we could deal also with this . 
  just stop them at eu border , problem solved . 
  or cure the source of problem : remove socialism . 
  or for starters give no free money to immigrants . 
  if there would come a guy that is fine with getting 1 bread and 2 bottles of water per day and would be grateful to be given a tent , or just any place to sleep - ok he could stay . 
  ( edit : be given this stuff for first say month , later he needs to find some job , and if not then find some food , or find a charity that will give that to him - as every other adult person ) 99 % of the people now storming our borders how ever do not want to `` survice '' or `` escape war '' , they want the free money . 
  democracy . 
  the systems where by definition the idiots make decisions , because the bright people and leaders are always in minority . 
  all communists should be hanged . 
  or just separated away from normal people , if you want to have own state and then fuck up eachother with communism then be my guest , just leave me and my wallet alone . 
   about the refugees there are no refugees , this guys are all illegal economical immigrants . 
  80 % of them is not even from syria at all . 
  i agree , let 's do it o /,
