  i 'm completely atheist , but i think that you 're being exclusive . 
  and you 'll find yourself on the wrong side of history . 
  i could give you 10 photos of devout catholic croats burning the european , american , serbian flags in the main square of the capital . 
  primitivism is not tied to one religion . 
  it 's like i 'm in a more euro-xenophobic / r/atheism . 
  shame on you , sir . 
  aight , point conceded . 
  though i 'd disagree on your first point - the reason why switzerland can do what albania ca n't is simple : money . 
  i respect your emotional distress , i honestly do , but the dutch have not apologized for srebrenica . 
  they are not the ones to blame for it , of course , but they did not apologize for failing to prevent it . 
  indeed , that video shows non member states , but only those that have already started the membership/negotiations/accession process . 
  of course , the eu has no business promoting states which have not started an application ( i.e. 
  however , my point is that , by willing to * one day * become coextensive with the continent , the eu is sending out an expansionistic message which has * not * been agreed to by non member states who are part of the council of europe , that is , the geographical europeans have never agreed that the eu will one day become coextensive with the continent . 
  or if they have , please correct me , i might be wrong . 
  in that case , a country is given a pretty forceful message from the eu . 
  what are the long-term options for moldova , except for eu membership ? 
  and mind you , i am speaking in strictly non-economic terms . 
  i am aware that a small poor eastern country has slim survival chances this way or that way , but i 'm just asking . 
  as a bosnian ethnic minority , i can confirm that for a dutchman , it does n't really matter what happens elsewhere . 
  ... and rs has not been the most reconciliation-loving peacemaker these last couple of years . 
  * whoooosh !, 
  * you totally missed the point , did n't you ? 
  i do n't care what the * eu 's plan * is , that 's the thing !, 
  the way it is set up , the eu is set to encompass all of the continent in a scary and programmatic way which leaves eastern europe no choice but to join . 
  what eastern country can afford the independence of , say , switzerland ? 
  the us-irish analogy does n't work . 
  imagine canada releasing an ad about the wonders of america . 
  that whole festival was so , so good !, 
  it makes me so , ** so ** sad to see that the eu has abandoned any option of claiming there is a europe apart from the eu . 
  i 'm completely pro-eu , but i ca n't grasp how this can be pushed as an official tourist video and it basically tells foreign nationals that eu27 = europe . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong ( and i very well could be ) , but europe used to be the continent of europe . 
  there 's no definition that could say that moldova is more `` european '' than portugal . 
  nowadays , the expansion of the eu means that if you do n't set your country 's course to join the eu , you basically lose `` membership '' in europe . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  as much as i loved the imagery , i hated the ideology behind it . 
  it 's been less conservative in a modern , political sense of the word , but you 'd be surprised at how * totalitarian * the religious rules were . 
  let 's take sex for an example - everyone knows some tidbit about the freeee and happyyyy gay sex that went on with greece , right ? 
  not only was that a social ritual which meant that you , as a 13/15yo athenian boy , need to be assfucked by some older man for a month , but it was also extremely proscriptive . 
  oral sex ? 
  abominable . 
  anyone found receiving ( or worse , giving ) oral sex faced big problems . 
  and you can find many other examples - corruption ( how do you think they got the money to fund the parthenon ) , bigotry , misogyny , etc , all found its principal excuse in religious stances . 
  i can understand your anger , but let me give you a quick ( and maybe surprising ) lesson : ** disclaimer : i 'm an ancient art historian , also atheist . 
  ** the only reason why we today have the parthenon , pantheon , colosseum , etc. 
  are precisely those christians . 
  first , they turned ancient monuments into churches , thus preserving them far better than if they had been left on their own . 
  an overwhelming ( i 'd guesstimate around 90 % ) of still standing temples are alive because the christians reused them . 
  and they have n't modified much , when they reused them !, 
  secondly , even * legally * , as early as 5th century , the christian authorities in rome made strict laws outlawing any sort of desecration of pagan architecture . 
  of course , the people on the streets would sometimes act otherwise ( which is why many heads on the relief marbles are knocked out ) but the laws were surprisingly `` tolerant '' of the splendor of antiquity . 
  that 's my two cents . 
  please , someone try proposing it to the balkans to join together their foreign policy , security policy , etc. 
  it would n't work . 
  `` just '' as in a couple moths ago . 
  compared to centuries of old laws . 
  norway has just voted to ammend its constitution to change that !, 
  source : http://www.torontosun.com/2012/05/15/no-more-official-religion-for-norway, 
  right ? 
  especially the architecture , i do n't get it at all . 
  let me just comment with the wise words of lithuania 's 2010 eurovision entry , `` eastern european funk '' :  yessir we are legal , we are , though we 're not as legal as you  no sir we 're not equal , no , though we 're both from the eu  we build your homes and wash your dishes ,  keep you your hands all soft and clean  but one of these days you 'll realize eastern europe is in your genes !, 
  not to mention that , if i understood the news correctly recently , slovenia is looking at a pretty shaky year , no ? 
  yes , cause `` greece ii '' would definitely come from a poor , new member , and not one of the founding members like , say , italy ... 
  see , people like you are why we slavs ca n't have nice things . 
  that does not necessarily have to mean much . 
  look at croatia 's numbers through the years : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_european_union_membership_referendum,_2012#opinion_polling because we learned the hard way ( lol ) , our constitution from after the war mandates that from now on , a referendum had to be put out for every time croatia decides to join any other state ( to prevent a third yugoslavia , i guess ) so we had to vote on the eu as well . 
  up until 2-3 weeks before the referendum , it was still very unclear what was gon na happen , with polls ( and mind you , polls only reach people who own telephones t_t ) showing around 50 % support . 
  then , a massive aggressive promotional campaign with the president , prime minister , the foreign affairs minister , the educational minister popping up on the tv every 2-8 minutes telling us to vote yes , and voila , 66 % voted yes on the referendum . 
  unfortunately , i know that it 's not * that * great . 
  at least 1 % of croatian youth is still outright fascist ( advocating destruction of all serbs ) and another 35 % or so is right wing , saying stuff like `` i do n't have a problem with them as long as i never see them and they never come to croatia . '', 
  i will have to find the official poll figures , but it 's quite sad . 
  well , yes and no . 
  most nationalists are morons . 
  serbia and croatia have about the same percentage of them , it 's just that serbia has more people so that 's why you maybe notice them more often . 
  it 's not * great * , but it 's no israel - palestine . 
  a good deal of the under-25s have resumed cultural connections across the borders , so that 's good . 
  you guys wait a sec , we 'll go first and tell you how it goes . 
  i 've always wondered whether people think kajkavian sounds cute . 
  to me , it always * sounds * super childish and adorable , but it must suck not being taken seriously if that 's really the case . 
  we should totes just go to war over this . 
  croatia 's millennial sausage history will not be humiliated this way !, 
  precisely my point . 
  i said reportedly as in `` the official stance of the state '' . 
  culturally indistinguishable , apart from the tiny aspect of * religion * ? 
  dude , i 'm a completely atheistic 22-yo liberal gay croat and even i will tell you that religion structures ( if not creates ) a huge part of croatian culture . 
  my relationship to my family , my free time , my school curriculum , the architecture of my city , all of it has its ties in the religious culture of the past . 
  i do agree with you on language , though . 
  however , in the balkans there is no stand-alone culture fully detached from religion . 
  completely false . 
  here are some facts : 1 . 
  people were reportedly atheistic in yugoslavia until 1990 . 
  since 1990 , both your and my country became * extremely * religious - your orthodox mania is only surpassed by our catholic extravaganzas . 
  now , either people suddenly became fervently religious ** at the moment when an semi-oppressive ( or at least very structured ) regime fell ** , or they resumed their previously tamed religions . 
  if anything , it is the post-yugoslav generation ( of which i am part ) that is markedly , and statistically , less religious . 
  so , last night i went to see sch\u00e4uble speak at my uni yesterday about the future of europe and he talked a bit about enlargment , basically saying that the balkans `` are n't a problem '' . 
  they will , eventually , all join , he said . 
  in the same lecture , he proudly said that there had been peace in europe for over sixty years , `` the longest period of peace in europe in history . '', 
  needless to say , as a croatian , i was immediately offended , and i do feel like i have every right to be , as such a statement implies either that the 140 thousand dead across the balkans are n't europe , or that they do n't belong in history . 
  i was n't * seriously * offended , just a kind of like `` oh . 
  wow . 
  thanks , jerk . '',
