  fighting terrorism right here, 
  which means it really should n't matter what they where doing . 
  as long as it wasnt illegal, 
  a friend of mine is from eritrea . 
  the tattoos are done the way they do prison tattoos . 
  usually by a friend . 
  also eritrea is a north korean like state . 
  i do n't blame them for leaving . 
  how do you proof that you did take it `` from behind '' so to speak . 
  do they have someone watching ? 
  who is the `` active '' guy ? 
  do they have an guy on the payroll who does it or do you have to provide one ? 
  i agree , we ca n't send people back for their cultural believes . 
  but i think we should send people back who are `` assaulted '' somebody els just because they are gay . 
  they did this in a refugee center . 
  what is to say that after they have been properly housed they wo n't attack somebody for being gay . 
  they showed that they do not tolerate our standards . 
  they do n't need to accept it but , i do think they need to tolerate it and keep their disdain for an other time . 
  actually the former queen was/is more popular then the current king, 
  nothing beats our prince bernard tho, 
  not worse then hitler , but pretty much on the same level, 
  kapsalon, 
  well there is the fortress.of amsterdam , there where military plans too just turn most of holland and specifically amsterdam into a island, 
  floods , dont really know, 
  why would you even want to learn dutch ? 
  we are considered outgoing ? 
  do n't use that as an excuse to be an wanker, 
   but there is no pedestrian infrastructure wait wat . . 
  how american of you to assume things . 
  this, 
  jesus , you 're a cunt, 
  sorry mate , but no . 
  this sounds really funny because of how ridiculous it is, 
   keks who is bringing crackers ? 
  i did n't know we called middle-eastern people asian . 
  mainly because nobody here does, 
  fair enough, 
  indonesia, 
  friendemies, 
  dutch , english , german and portuguese , i also speak 2 sentences french , spanish and russian . 
  i can also curse in polish , serbian and italian, 
  i dont mind muslims , half my family is muslim . 
  eastern european doesnt matter either , a lot of my friends are from eastern europe, 
  id like to see warsaw , but then again i have seen most capitals in europe and would rather return to them ( like berlin an prague ), 
  simple , we pay people to clean the streets, 
  are you going to the netherlands , because i know quite a few illegal raves , parties and festivals, 
  we burned the ~ ~ british ~ ~ english fleet in their own harbour - the netherlands, 
  do n't walk on the bicycle-lane . 
  you will be screamed at if you do, 
  as someone who lives there , can the rest of the netherlands take some of those damned tourists, 
  yeah , we like your fries and beer to mate, 
  holland is pretty much the netherlands , you provinciaaltjes are n't much without us, 
  it 's ours, 
  i thought there would be us soldiers because they house us nukes there, 
  there are us soldiers stationed at volkel, 
  in amsterdam stealing bikes is a local pasttime . 
  if we would shoot everyone who ever stole a bike we would be half the population lighter, 
  hawaii , texas, 
  if anything happens in the world according to the pa it was israel . 
  i think a lot of what charlie hebdo does is in bad taste, 
  k bruv, 
  now we just need some night pharmacists, 
  i once paid 10eu for a pair of jeans , i was homeless and needed a pair, 
  one problem though , we dont have any money for bullets, 
  belgium , pretty much south netherlands anyway, 
  this is amsterdam central station . 
  that is the city central station . 
  schiphol is pretty far, 
  am i being detained !, 
  we do n't have too , we just have to push you just enough for you to press the button on those tunnels and bridges and you 'll starve . 
  this all is just joking in good faith, 
  / r/russiadenies, 
  i thought common census is that it started with the invasion of poland . 
  putin it in her ofc, 
  i think they mean britain as the second economy . 
  i doubt you would be that strong with a gun to your head, 
  the concierge got a gun put on his head , still his fault ? 
  and speed , lots of speed, 
  but we also have a gang war going on atm . 
  ( thanks to belgian police btw ), 
  or they could put them on a boat and say not our problem, 
  i think you left an important part out . 
  they were held without access to an lawyer . 
  i consider this breaking of the hippocratic oath . 
  military service is different, 
  gg , you win the internet today, 
  very well , we will take all this aid we give you and give it to someone who wants it, 
  doubtfull, 
  honor soldiers usually arent equipped with life ammo, 
  what are all those ? 
  what is an bell pepper ? 
  is this a situation were you call an ananas an pineapple ? 
  we ( as in the rest of the eu ) should pay for this . 
  you mean you guys do n't have at least 2 boxes filled with beer at home, 
  you guys need an holiday to drink ? 
  brexit probably . 
  usually it are soldiers themselves, 
  yes , vote for the neo-nazi 's, 
  a putsch then ? 
  they ca n't decline you on looks .
