you spelled south netherlands wrong, 
  its oke where i go to school , hell they do n't care about porn but i am not going to have that huge gaping butthole on my screen in class, 
  and they call us the facists ... 
  so i get free drugs if i get caught ? 
  amphetamines should be up with young adults , xtc sounds about right, 
  damn , what have you been smoking and where can i get some because your shit is obviously better then mine . 
  except if it 's meth or something like that , then i do n't want it, 
  i laughed, 
  sure, 
  i just saw rt and disregarded it , if its from the ministry of defense finding an other source should n't be hard . 
  also my russian is non-existant at best, 
  i do n't trust russian sources because of the way they behave and act both now and in the past . 
  do you have any other source ? 
  i see all these people providing links exept you, 
  reddit is n't a source , link 's on reddit are, 
  what are they going to do ? 
  shoot ? 
  i do n't think putin is crazy enough to allow it . 
  for once we are glad with us surveillance, 
  also imperial unit system , thank the french for the superior civilized metric system . 
  also thank the french for always having the french to blame when something goes wrong, 
  does it involve the french ? 
  well same could be said about shell paying dutch taxes , they are based here and pay taxes here so the british part also pays dutch taxes, 
  and how the fuck would that work i am no economist but i do n't think it works that way , it would be something like the russians paying income tax to the us while they do n't even do anything in the us, 
  we are known for our confusing tax laws , also the dutch monarchy is the largest share holder so * #gitreckt *, 
  please tell, 
  fuck ... you ... 
  so it 's spongebob spongehead ? 
  that makes sense s /, 
  yes ... 
  it was an guy asking for party things in amsterdam, 
  understanding and learning is an different thing . 
  germans can understand dutch too ( and vice versa ) without much effort . 
  same thing for portuguese and spanish . 
  they just do n't take the effort, 
  there are a lot of portuguese speakers in the world, 
  but we dutch can understand most thing german peeps say without having to learn it . 
  same for portuguese and spanish, 
  honest mistake , does n't help that i am hungover, 
  its so similar its more like dutch and german, 
  what does schwamm means ? 
  hell , my written english is better then my dutch, 
  i can read and understand german but do n't ask me to speak much . 
  ca n't write it for shit though, 
  it does for my granddads, 
  hell my granddad ( mother side ) knew dutch , russian , german , french , english and indonesian, 
  its a known fact that no one over 30 uses the internet . 
  except steve, 
  u wot m8 ? 
  its  95 % which means more then, 
  russians, 
  a gun in your face is scary , everybody reacts differently, 
  they are united by russia they are one entity, 
  one is called collateral the other a war crime , every side in every war kills civilians , best we can do is end it with the least treat of destabilizing the region further , which means an united ukraine, 
  aka an attack, 
  the russian fascists if any , russian israeli have no lobe for russia, 
  like the fucking nazi 's did, 
  it was a joke as in china 's ego gets blown because the gained siberia, 
  so do you have troops on the ground ? 
  and that proves nothing , the us gov asked for help in iraq and afghanistan , so what is exactly your point ? 
  but does n't help us with china, 
  never underestimate the power of air superiority, 
  always vigilant , always on guard never forget 1939 note : do n't take this for anything i just wanted to say something which sounded nice , i love you finland, 
  he still thinks it 's 1980, 
  tell that the french in mali , also next time you invade some country do n't ask us to help like you did last time in you occupation, 
  nobody will hurt my drinking buddies and doesnt get smacked, 
  that is why we have free media , to expose corruption, 
  but where could we find such an job ? 
  30.000 russian soldiers is more like it, 
  yes , those tourists make it unsafe . 
  and if you make it unsafe for me because of your cycling i will trow you and your bike in the canals . 
  god knows it wont be the first and it certainly wont be the last !, 
  also apparently there is a maximum cycling law of 20km/u, 
  this aint the 20th century, 
  which tanks ? 
  do you mean south netherlands ? 
  tekno is where its at , squatter raves , frenchcore , hardcore . 
  some dnb, 
  i believe there is , but it is pretty useless, 
  i ca n't lie , i love cities and crowds, 
  well i do think the 3 best provinces are n-holland z-holland and utrecht . 
  which i always refer as greater holland, 
  some annoying frisians i met, 
  nothing important , just an giant parkinglot, 
  they probably do, 
  yes it should be taxes . 
  but drugs are cheap to make . 
  you should n't tax them so much that you create a black market, 
  we are talking personal freedom, 
  that too , i would die for my and somebody els his freedom ( if i have the feeling it would make a difference ) . 
  hello aivd, 
  id rather be free then safe, 
  they are in northern finland near the artic, 
  its called extra rainy season, 
  at least it isnt colder, 
  americans, 
  we tend to have them at the same places with condom machines . 
  ( bars , nightclubs etc. ), 
  i think it is he-suz, 
  we wouldnt want the terrorist to win right .
