i 've got over 300 confirmed kills in gorilla warfare . 
  i 've been a navy seal since before you were born kiddo . 
  watch your back . 
  i have been known to watch the home videos of lesbos . 
  very exciting stuff . 
  i do n't read any uk newspapers . 
  they 're all shite . 
  you 'd be better off reading a single satirical comic than an entire paper here . 
  all i 'm saying is , i do n't want some asshole in westminster or brussels to tell me where i need to live and go to school and what to learn . 
  hence private education - a politics free , high quality education . 
  considering my grades and general experience , i 'd say they definitely did not . 
  i know , just gets me riled up when people on reddit say it 's a good idea for the government to make people do mandatory dumb shit . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm european myself ( serbian ) , i love europe and go on holiday to a different country every year , and my family intends to go to france or italy once my brother is finished his own private education . 
  but making kids go to another country for a year away from family , especially if they 're paying for their own education , is nothing short of fascist . 
  how would this work for private schools ? 
  i paid # 12000 a year for private education at one of the best in the uk and fuck off anyone who tells me i 've got to leave for a year and study in some french state dump . 
  ah , i see now , did n't notice op 's mistake !, 
  looks like my own 6 years of senior-school french need a brush up themselves . 
  i do n't think a frenchman saying bon app\u00e9tit counts as him using a foreign word . 
  unless there 's a joke i 'm not getting . 
  1453 worst year of my life, 
  ca n't barrage the farage . 
  that 's actually not true . 
  with the securing of the ussr there would also come the securing if the ukraine , which could singlehandedly feed germany . 
  it was one of the primary goals in the invasion of barbarossa because it made so much food that to completely own it meant that germany could n't be starved . 
  they also didnt need the ukraine to comfortably ration , as history proves . 
  germany did n't rely on food imports from overseas to feed itself . 
  britain did , and their shipping lanes were hunted with quite a bit of success until 1944 . 
  the fact that the government was worried that they would n't be able to fight the war with the current situation in the atlantic , whilst germany revelled over victory in france and poland , is indication that had the entirety of germany 's military been focused on the uk , we definitely would n't have been able to feed ourselves . 
  the fact that there was no turnip winter like scenario in ww2 germany is proof that they could feed themselves , even as the russians were kicking in the door . 
   through the balkans . 
  would be the worst offensive conceivable . 
  it would entail first taking and holding all of italy , to ensure no assaults could come from there . 
  the balkans also have a fairly mountainous terrain , not to mention the infrastructure was godawful then , as it is now . 
  what then would be done ? 
  they 'd emerge into germany 's underbelly where the german army would be at its strongest with strong and short supply lines and more motivation to fight . 
   the only way to invade the us would be through the sea my point exactly . 
  neither side could succesfully invade the other , because :  germany would have to spread their forces thin to protect all of their flanks wrong though . 
  the only suitable invasion areas are france , northern germany , and italy , denmark , and norway too , though norway and denmark have no positional value . 
  you take denmark and you 're surrounded . 
  you take norway and you just have a big sliver of ice which is surrounded by germans in denmark and axis finns in finland . 
  that essentially means that the only other area on this list which was n't invaded irl is north germany , which was n't invaded because the waters were too far and too dangerous for an invasion force , and attacking the heart of germany whilst german soldiers are stationed there is n't a good idea . 
  invading italy was a mess when it actually happened and it succeeded only by the skin of its teeth . 
  invading the balkans , again , necessitates invading and holding italy too , which ties down more divisions and resources . 
  italy itself is unsuitable to carry out a further invasion into germany because it would involve carrying entire armies over mountains . 
  not to mention that the german knew when invasions were coming and roughly where . 
  they knew when the allies were preparing their western force , and some , like rommel , knew that it would be coming for normandy , though many thought it would be calais and so an army was kept there instead . 
  normandy itself also nearly failed against the poorly equipped germans many times within the first month . 
  if russia is taken out of the equation , then any ability to successfully mount the invasion into france fails because the only thing keeping the troops that could have held the west was the red army . 
   make sure any of those conquests got their resistance movements , which would grow huge , kept in check or destroyed and this was easily done . 
  the western resistance movements were small scale and like a pin pinching a cow . 
  the only time they proved useful was during the actual invasion into france , where they effectively acted as the network of saboteurs needed to secure success of the invasion behind enemy lines . 
  these were also for the most part communist resistance movements which received order from moscow . 
  take russia out of the picture and you have a weaker and smaller resistance in the west . 
  the partisan resistance in the east was only effective because germany was actively fighting russia . 
  take out the red army and suddenly the partisans are stuck blowing up railways and sabotaging supplies against an enemy that does n't need them all that much . 
  more than 250 german divisions ended up in russia over the course of the war . 
  as i said , even if 200 divisions were kept fighting the partisans , which is ridiculous , that would free up 50 high quality divisions for the western front , not to mention that with the capitulation of russia germany would have all the food and fuel it needed to supply the west . 
   while the us was at it 's peak in 1945 and was growing out of proportion . 
  peaking does n't matter if you ca n't get to a battlefield . 
  it 's the same as marathon . 
  even if the us has tens of millions of soldiers , if it ca n't reach the enemy , and if the enemy can repel their invasion with only half the men you need to succeed , then your numbers do n't matter . 
  another example , the tiger ii utterly maimed whatever ended up opposite its barrel , but if it never reaches the field it does n't matter to begin with . 
   germany would n't be able to stand against the huge , advanced and well trained army that the us had . 
  again , the numbers do n't matter until you can put a real army on the ground with no fear of being driven into the sea . 
  the us could n't do that without russia consuming german men and resources . 
  the americans also were n't any more advanced in much other than their navy . 
  a german soldier used the same calibre of weapon that the us one did . 
  they both wore a shirt and helmet into battle , both had canteens , both had the best weapons they could be given and had artillery , air , and armour support . 
  if the majority of the luftwaffe is freed from fighting in the east , there is no total air superiority to be had and the skies fill with battles over france once more . 
   the nuke would n't have to be used against a city , it could be used to blow a hole in the defense and get that massive army in there , at which point it 's not if , it 's when . 
  even if a nuke could destroy an army , germany has many more armies , and many more defences . 
  and a nuke could n't . 
  a nuke has a few miles of range at that age in time , which means that at most you could destroy a city , or two in this case . 
  the destruction of 2 cities a ) barely convinced the losing japan to surrender b ) woulnd ' t be a war winning strategy . 
  after the loss of stalingrad and the 6th army , von manstein destroyed 56 russian divisions and recaptured two major russian cities . 
  one strong punch is n't enough to take out an enemy that spans thousands of miles with millions and millions of soldiers at beck and call . 
  you 've made good points , and i agree germany could n't * win * against america , but i believe the same is true vice versa . 
  the fact of the matter is that in real life , the allies could n't have succeeded without russia . 
  the germans were simply too vast on their own , if nothing else . 
  arguing that the allies therefore could have won without russia , which is exactly the opposite of what the allies themselves knew at that time , is n't extremely productive . 
  not to mention we have n't even discussed japan . 
  fighting on both those fronts would reduce american forces in one theatre or another , which would ultimately make the effort that much harder in the other too . 
  yeah same , i live in the uk but i was born in the balkans , i doubt i would be alive if the nazis had won . 
  i just think it would be dreadfully interesting to see alternate history is all . 
  yes , no way of invading , but neither did britain . 
  a total stalemate . 
  regardless of how many aircraft and ships the uk had , they needed every single allied force they had because alone all they could do was mom german cities , which alone was n't enough to win the war . 
  the germans on the other hand coulprowl the atlantic in submarines and slowly starve britain of the supplies she needed . 
  it was n't until 1944 that the germans were finally beat in the atlantic , and that was only with significant american and canadian contributions . 
  i do n't think germany should have won the wat , i would n't have liked a german world i do n't think , but the fact is that , objectively , the allies could n't have won without each other . 
  the removal of everyone but the uk leaves stalemate and peace . 
  the removal of everyone but us is the same . 
  the removal of everyone but russia results quite possibly in german victory . 
   did the us have a good staging are in the fight against japan ? 
  the us had many staging areas in the pacific from which to stage invasions and air raids . 
  the islands they had captured during the island hopping period , the philipines , hawaii , et cetera . 
  they also were n't facing millions of well trained , supplied , and motivated germans , but only tens of thousands of demoralised and isolated japanese an island at a time , and even still they had a lot of trouble dealing with the fanaticism that was common amongst japanese rank and file . 
  the pacific has many islands , especially right where the us needed strategic and safe land for troops , navies , and air forces . 
  japan itself is also composed of 4 islands , meaning that any successful capture of one of the smaller 3 could have been used to facilitate further incursions into the largest of the islands ( i ca n't remember their names anymore ) .
