so you 're coping out ... you brought no source or proof besides `` it is known '' . 
  merkel neither ... 
  if it 's written in their program , surely you can quote the parts in which they propose the abolition of the parliament , the genocide of minorities , the outlawing of elections , etc ? 
  also i 'm not a propagandist of the fn , i do n't even vote for them ( in fact their election would pose real problems for me professionaly ) , but you should understand , if you really do n't want them to get into power , that making unsubstantiated claims about them ( basically the undemocratic nazi fascists accusation ) is counterproductive . 
  not at all , but you keep making unsubstantiated claims . 
  saying of a political party that runs in elections , and has members elected in the parliament as well as mayors , that it is against elections , parliament and local institutions is a bit funny do n't you think ? 
  what you said is what liberation has been writing for thirty years , and as a result , the fn has never been stronger than now ... 
  you explained nothing . 
  your post can be summed up as `` they 're anti democratic because i say they 're anti democratic '' . 
  since you presented no arguments , just by changing `` against '' with `` for '' , your post can be turned around to say the opposite of what you said . 
  how are they anti democratic ? 
  ultranationalists ? 
  stop trivializing them please , they 're megaultragiganationalists . 
  france invented it 50 years ago . 
  also , france 's total . 
  i wonder why this suddenly pops up i anglo media . 
  this has been known for months now ... 
  i find brits so funny in their hatred of france . 
  wow , this is probably the best thing i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  setting high standards for europe . 
  tl ; dr : cut everything for the average people , and give it to corporations . 
  that 's shitty clickbait title for you . 
  someone is going to lose his job . 
  wow , this is the * fleur de sel * of internet salt !, 
  i am so happy !, 
  there 's more salt in / r/soccer than in the fucking dead sea !!!!!!, 
  props to the iceland team for not giving up . 
  you guys spared the english one hell of a humiliation by kicking them out yourselves . 
  highish functioning alcoholic . 
  it is common knowledge in the brussels bubble that juncker is an alcoholic . 
  thank you for your valuable contribution . 
  why are you acting so passive-aggressive ? 
  yes i do . 
  i am opposed to the very concept of a state legislating on which historical discourse is accepted and which gets you thrown in prison . 
  i am also opposed to the gayssot law , as well as every `` loi m\u00e9morielle '' . 
  i am also opposed to the gayssot law , as well as every `` loi m\u00e9morielle '' . 
  the law has no business `` ackowledging '' or `` enforcing '' the findings of historians and their works . 
   pro nazi propaganda i 'm not talking about pro-something propaganda . 
  i 'm talking about historical events . 
  it 's up to historians to determinate what happened and how it happened . 
  if you let states outlaw discourses on history , you will always have some group going on about `` why is n't the denial of my genocide criminalised ? '' . 
  and then you get to the point when you have an official , state-sanctionned history that you can get thrown in prison for questioning or denying . 
  the armenians were indeed genocided , but states should n't legislate on history , that 's not their role . 
  an eternal thank you to the british and commonwealth soldiers who fought alongside us in wwi , and especially in la somme . 
  why would you teargas these guys , they 're not violent or hostile . 
  bullshittest title i 've ever seen . 
  you 're wrong https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burqa not that it is important anyway , since both should be banned . 
  lived in several parts of france , seen several walking together , also people heights and eyes differ ... 
  anyway , even if burka wearing women are only a fraction of the number of men wearing full salafist attire , it 's pretty obvious that there are way more than 50 burka wearing women . 
  i know what it is , and i 've seen more than 50 persons in full veil in france . 
  50 persons . 
  yeah right ... 
  be ready for 80 millions refugees germany , 
  it 's okay as long as you use it to kill the kuffar in the name of allah ( pbuh ) . 
  and we all now that illegal migrants actually get deported ... oh wait . 
  puritans are so tiring ... 
  yeah , this is false but whatever strokes your national ego ... 
  a more accurate title would be :  italian man reach a superior level of consciousness and now eats , reads and speaks french, 
  no it 's because people still want to be paid for the privilege of having a job . 
  ah thanks . 
  my autocorrect is n't configured for english . 
  i meant they instead of but . 
  also i know the difference between to hear and to listen ( it 's the same in french ) , and i meant to use hear . 
  but hear , but they do n't care . 
  at all . 
  poor multi-billion dollars companies :'(, 
  woosh, 
  are riots expected over this ? 
  if people here want to read about the gulag , you should check out varlam chalamov ' `` kolyma tales '' , which is , i think , much better than soljenystin ' works . 
   council of europe it is n't part of the eu , you 're thinking about the european council . 
  i bet on franciscan monks . 
  these are anarchists . 
  yeah , a kebab of questionable hygienic standard is well worth a bankrupt walfare system . 
  lol , the elites already employ armed people to protect them . 
  19th century literature is literally full of men being slaves to women and obeying their every whim . 
  my religion fordbids me to use fractions . 
  wait , i thought all americans were irish ? 
  are you trying to bamboozle me ? 
   braveheart is this some next-step trolling ? 
  because if it is , congrats . 
  haha , you 're in for a shock buddy . 
  he 's the police chief of a city that is n't even in france , you obviously have n't read the article . 
  the guy is n't french . 
   but also the police usually have stab proof vests i 'm sure these are super useful when you get stabbed in the face . 
  i hope this sack of shit gets fired and thrown in prison . 
  france has been targeted by islamists for decades now . 
  fact is that muslims have had an almost complete monopoly on terrorism for a while , you can try and show me an infographic that equals corsicans burning a trashcan with 200 dead in paris , but it does n't change facts . 
   although i guess a lot of europeans wo n't count them european citizens even after 3rd generation and they will forever be immigrants even though they were literally born there and have never been anywhere else . 
  guess it would be easier if they stopped pushing islam down people 's throat and blow themselves up . 
  point is , massive presence of islam in europe is a recent phenomenon directly due to massive immigration of muslims to europe . 
  therefore : no muslim immigration = no terrorism . 
   i heard the french take it seriously though . 
  you heard lies . 
  in france i never met anybody who gave a single shit about it . 
  most think it 's a cringe-worthy , kitsch monstrosity only eastern euros care about . 
  i agree with that . 
  holy shit let me screenshot this . 
  it 's copypasta material . 
  also r/iamverysmart, 
  i know , i 'm just amused by the comical accumulation of such articles .
