  italian : i did an intensive course once . 
  i can read quite a lot , mostly extrapolating from french and latin , and i can understand the basic gist of what a person says if they talk slowly . 
  languages i can sort of read and somewhat understand , approaching from the languages i know , but not speak at all really : spanish , dutch , portuguese , some of the scandinavian ones . 
   also , germany and belgium would have a much longer seashore , making the inhabitants of these countries much happier with all those extra beaches . 
  it 'll happen eventually ; i 've seen quite impressive pole cap melting projections . 
  did n't look good for belgium and parts of germany either though . 
  were n't you the one who wanted to kill all americans ? 
  have you now switched to `` kill europeans over foreign and immigration policies '' ? 
  and let me guess , merkel is to blame ? 
  do n't you have homework to do or something ? 
  sure , we have them , but you do n't get asked to enter them when buying groceries online . 
  i kid you not , that austrian website , on the rechnungs - / lieferadresse page , had a dropdown menu with 145 options for the title . 
  i doubt many german dipl-ing . s insist on their amazon packages saying so . 
  for instance , people in franken ( mostly jokingly , but still ) prefer being called that to `` bavarian '' even while they live in bavaria . 
   ah , but try to make an order on billa.at and you will see the full potential of titles ... 
  this intrigued me so much that i actually did it . 
  holy moly . 
  and i counted . 
  it 's not 50 , it 's * 145 * + - whatever i miscounted while scrolling that list . 
  in germany , if a form offers `` titles '' , you get prof. and dr. , the end . 
  there are many strong divisions even within those regions , but very , very broadly there is a north-south divide , which includes a dialect border ( the dialects on each side are still very different among each other , but there are certain linguistic features on both sides ) . 
  there is also an east-west divide along the old inner-german border , a remnant of the decades apart . 
  but that 's really only very broad . 
  this country has been united only relatively recently ; there are areas which were independent principalities for very long , and before that were inhabited by different tribes by the time the romans arrived . 
  the modern states in some cases run along the old borders , but many are artificial creations that put together regions which did n't belong together , to the point of some inhabitants of state [ x ] disliking being called [ x-ians ] because they are really [ y-ians ] ( y being their particular region ) . 
  there are difference in traditional religious denomination . 
  due to the way religious conflicts were resolved , many areas are/used to be extremely monocultural as everyone living in a place had to have the same denomination as the prince ruling it , so they could either convert or get out . 
  there are differences in dialect sometimes between neighbouring towns . 
  traditional food is very varied depending on what grows/can be caught regionally , so is architecture of old buildings and the structure of villages , people may be more or less reserved when communicating , traditional clothing ( nowadays almost entirely kept up by hobbyists for preservation purposes ) takes varied forms ( scroll down , look at the pictures , note in most of them the distinct lack of those damn dirndls and lederhosen : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/tracht_ ( kleidung ) #baden - w.c3.bcrttemberg ... 
  theoretically yes , and in very formal circumstances one would do that . 
  but people tend to have opinions on doctors who demand to be addressed as `` doktor '' ( up to the point of intentionally not doing it to make a point ) . 
  similarly , no professor i studied with insisted on being addressed as `` herr professor schmidt '' . 
  usually i made a token effort the first time , especially when addressing them in an email , but once i got a cordial and slightly informal email back i switched to `` herr schmidt '' . 
  same in talking to them . 
  if everyone else says `` herr schmidt '' without the professor showing discontent , i 'll do that too . 
  those are the only ones . 
  no matter what movies tell you , do not use fr\u00e4ulein . 
  it 's very much outdated and will be considered offensive . 
  i think that 's more being a member of the asshole section of football fans than being dutch . 
  a german football site wrote about that incident , and one cretin went all `` wah wah wah you commercialised sellouts , why are you slamming fan culture ? '', 
  yep , that one seemed to think that destroying monuments is `` fan culture '' . 
  well , * you tell me * what it 's for . 
  why , for decades , have they made children do this , hand on their hearts , reciting a text they probably do n't even understand , if it 's meaningless ? 
  also , do many children hold up to peer pressure and to teachers ' demands by not taking part ? 
  it 's not that `` optional '' if it requires considerable courage not to do it . 
  nah , * they * are among the deserving and would be appropriately rich . 
  also , one of the protestant church dioceses performs gay weddings , while in other areas individual parishes may conduct blessing services for couples . 
  op , in germany `` religious '' ! = by default anti-gay-rights . 
  i 'm not saying it is corporal punishment , but the mental image evoked by a scene where the class stands up is one of a 50s schoolroom , not a modern one . 
  wow . 
  2000 for me . 
  are things actually becoming more conservative again ? 
  i 've noticed it on other little things too , such as the difficulty of obtaining hard alcohol for teens , which we never had a problem back . 
  wow , really ? 
  when was that ? 
  i think i 'm older than the average german redditor , and the idea of any of * my * teachers even trying to enforce that is hilarious . 
  saying good morning ? 
  sure . 
  standing ? 
  that sounds like the 50s and corporal punishment . 
  ( no , not implying you 're that old :-p ), 
  precisely . 
  particularly as it led to teenagers who would have been too young to participate in the war otherwise actually believing it was their duty to hold up the last defence against allied * tanks * , which ended for many of them just as you 'd expect . 
  to a damn * piece of cloth * . 
  well , yes , that 's how indoctrination is supposed to work . 
  it 's not `` germans '' . 
  the idea comes from one particular minister , who is going on and on and on about it . 
  many oppose it , and it 's a go-to staple of comedy programs by now to ridicule this minister and his idea . 
  so please do n't blame all `` germans '' for it or think we 're `` ignorant '' , thanks . 
   ( it is planned to reduce car-taxes for germans basically equally for what this new road-tax will cost ) my guess : if they do implement the maut , they will find some way to make that above-mentioned part not happen . 
  nah , components will just randomly break and be expected to be back in three months - which turn out to be six or so . 
  the weight limit does n't apply to all washing programs , with some having a far lower one ; my new machine with a big electronic display actually shows the weight limit when i select a program , otherwise you 'll find it in the manual . 
  and obviously , cloth varies in density and how you can fold it . 
  if the machine is full at less than the allowed kilo amount , you should n't try to get more inside . 
  and associated , the years of hitler 's rule . 
  foreigners , but especially us people , seem to like to equate ww2 with the time the nazis did bad things , as if everything before 1939 had just been peachy , with hitler saving the economy , building the autobahn , and whatever else they think he did . 
  the more i learn about you , the less i understand you . 
  holland : very , i 'd say it 's the default term people go to in spoken language . 
  i suspect many do n't even know it 's not the correct one . 
  there are football chants where that 's the word used and everything . 
  england : less used in that way than `` holland '' , but still somewhat common . 
  us : you 're not yankees , you 're `` amis '' ( that 's colloquial ) , otherwise `` amerikaner '' . 
  germany is n't a `` protestant country '' . 
  christians here are about half-and-half catholic and protestant , but slightly more catholic ( though their laypeople organisations and even the bishops regularly end up at in conflict with the vatican . 
  i have that one on my kindle already . 
  i like brecht . 
  i like her books too . 
  and years back , i wrote her a fan-mail letter via the contact bit on her website , and she actually replied with a personal answer , which was nice . 
  i 'd like any temperature higher than +25 \u00b0 c to be banned . 
   uh , austria and switzerland i guess . 
  but people from the north would claim similarities in danmark , sweden or the netherlands . 
  yup , i 'd say bavarian culture , whatever that is , has more similarities to austrian and swiss culture ( at least , for all these countries , the alpine parts ) as it has to culture in the coastal areas . 
  who knows . 
  i 've given up trying to comprehend what / r/de is up to 90 percent of the time . 
  yep . 
  in a village near where i grew up , according to what the old people told us , a fourteen-year-old buy was handed a shoulder-mounted weapon and `` heroically '' blew up an allied tank . 
  after which a second allied tank came over the ridge and ... well , squished him . 
  i do n't know what happened to the man who armed him but something tells me * he * made it into post-war society . 
   and yes , in the grand scheme of things , we really are just playing marines . 
  which is the * point * i ( and some other commenters ) are trying to make .
