  i 'm hearing the ones above me opening their window blinds as we speak . 
  normally , i hear very little in my own building . 
  this is a rather sizable house with three flats on top of each other . 
  and apart from the blinds , sometimes the toilet , and people knocking against the radiators , it 's quite silent . 
  the flats have a decent size ( mine is 102 square meters ) , which probably helps too , as we are n't always on top of each other . 
  before i moved in , mine was rented by a family with two small children , and i 've heard hints that i 'm so nicely quiet ( in comparison , i assume ) . 
  i do hear a lot when the upper flats ' people go through the staircase . 
  no idea what they do to be this loud . 
  as for other houses , house and plot size are fairly common for a recently-settled area in a small town here ( newer buildings usually grow around older cores of settlements in whole zones that have been made available for building at some point ) . 
  such settlements can be attached or semi-attached , but it 's not very common . 
  all houses where i live have a garden around it that keeps them apart even though it 's not as big as a traditional rural garden . 
  and while i can see various other houses around my garden at least as long as most plants are bare , i do n't hear them . 
  [ this ] ( https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-3pldqljyraa/txcrynhtiti/aaaaaaaaalk/wpl0vccqixa/s1600/amerikaner+11.jpg ) is an amerikaner , that is an american . 
  duckduckgo , and if those results are n't helpful , google through duckduckgo . 
  both my parents had english , french , latin * and * ancient greek in school . 
  but of course that was some time back , and unusual even then . 
  i had english , french and latin myself , but the latin i chose to add voluntarily . 
  answering in english for sake of the other people ; your german is fine : english is n't a direct requirement for being hired as a teacher . 
  but in order to attend university , where all our teachers are trained in specific courses for them , one needs the abitur ( that is the highest school-leaving certificate ) . 
  and doing abitur in turn means having to take at least two foreign languages . 
  for most people that means english first , followed by french , latin or something else their school offers . 
  your caravans will be totally safe though . 
  true . 
  a few years back there was some sort of delivery problem with milk in my region , and people started stockpiling immediately - the milk was gone in two days . 
  is the cheese on buttered bread regional ? 
  on my student exchange to france , my host family ( in the savoy alps ) gently made fun of me doing that , and said i was eating my cheese * comme les normands * . 
  i was born in ' 81 . 
  our sex education took place ... hm , i do n't know , somewhere around the 7th year of school , possibly ? 
  it was very technical and part of biology classes ; we learned the mechanics , the parts of the organs , about stds and how to prevent them ... from a modern point of view , there was far too little discussion of the more `` social '' matters , that is relationships , what to do if , say , one partner in a young couple wants sex and another does n't feel ready , and so on . 
  homosexuality did n't feature at all , i think . 
  masturbation was mentioned as `` something that people do , some think it 's ok , others object to it '' . 
  on the whole the school sex education left most people with the impression that sex seemed very complex and not something we 'd want to do very soon . 
  it was n't cast as bad or immoral or anything of the sort , it just seemed a bit more trouble than it was worth . 
  for more explicit technicalities and the relationship aspects , people got a lot of information from teen magazines . 
  * bravo * particularly has a long-running series with very explicit sex questions and answers thereto . 
  what with the photos included , i suspect there are countries where that magazine could n't even be sold to teenagers . 
  as for myself , by the time we had sex education in school , my parents had told me where babies come from years and years back . 
  i guess the school sex education worked , in the sense that i 've never heard of a single case of a girl being pregnant in any of the schools i attended - and not just in my year , i mean i do n't know of a single teen pregnancy . 
  people were having sex , but for most i think the parents were open enough on these matters that , say , mothers went with their teenage daughters to the doctor to get the pill . 
  we do n't have a concept of people being `` latino '' here . 
  they 're either from their country of origin specifically ( most people a least have a vague idea of argentina/brazil/guatemala etc. 
  having specific differences ) or generally south american , but there is no `` racial '' component . 
  i do n't know that much except the obvious castro/cigars/music / cuban missile crisis/us boycott/it being a `` socialist brother country '' of the former eastern half of our country , sorry . 
  as for its people , i 'd expect them to be like people pretty much everywhere else . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met someone from there . 
  and using the `` doktor '' along with the `` professor '' is actually formally wrong when addressing someone - apart from coming over as brown-nosing . 
  i did one in nuremberg that was quite interesting - there are huge cellar systems that were used by the dozens of breweries that were there before , and later during wars as shelter etc. 
  and there is a very small town called mendig that 's in the eifel , where there are volcanoes . 
  the stone from that `` grew '' in big pillars and was mined for millstones ( as they essentially only had to cut slices off the pillars and make the edges round ) . 
  the resulting underground [ caverns ] ( http://img.fotocommunity.com/lavakeller-mendig-2-75cfab87-f745-4a6f-9526-db94b3760b28.jpg?height=1080 ) are three square kilometers in size , used for fantasy films etc. , and a small area has guided tours . 
  the caverns were also used as brewery cellars because of the low stable temperature . 
  including water , heat and other associated costs , excluding electricity , my rent is 27 percent of my salary ( after tax , health insurance and other social insurances ) . 
  i could have gotten something cheaper , but i wanted space for a study , a garden , and generally * room * . 
  that german case was reported nationwide * because it is a rare individual case * in which , as soon as it became known , it was stated in the media that the mayor had probably broken tenancy laws and would n't be successful in a court . 
  it did n't even go to court . 
  that , of course , did n't stop unknown parties in a number of cities from putting fake `` official letters '' into people 's mailboxes , claiming that anyone who lived in a flat that was `` too big '' would be assigned multiple refugees because a person had only a right to ... what was it , 20 or so square meters . 
  well , there are comments on the imgur posts calling for bacon . 
  of course that map includes any case they could find where someone with a dark skin or merely `` mediterranean '' appearance was seen near a crime scene , and the people making the map just `` decided '' it was a refugee . 
  or a case of someone pressing a fire alarm button becomes a case of `` arson '' . 
  i ca n't find it right now , but there is a video where people investigated incidents on that map , and ... well , the spin the people who made it put on them is impressive . 
  also , of course , you 'd need a corresponding map for crimes * not * committed by refugees and then compare the percentages . 
  but of course , ethnic germans would never commit crimes . 
  eta : but hey , you know that , seeing how you made an account * specifically to post that map * . 
  i do n't think they are more likely to report it , and i do n't mean to say that sexual assault against men is n't something that should be fought as well . 
  but as this whole debate is cast as `` they 're raping our [ sic ] women '' , and as i 'm a woman myself , i focused my comment on that aspect . 
  let me repost my tl ; dr comment from the last post about this , which was ... yesterday . 
   i 'm a single woman . 
  there have been zero changes to my life , the level of threat i feel , the amounts of crimes i 've been a victim of ( zero since the refugees came , in the years before that two bicycle thefts and a car breakin , plus an exhibitionist years ago ) . 
  i frequently travel alone , including at night , and i spent several days and nights in cologne on my own in december . 
  if you mention that city in t_d , they will tell you it is a no-go-zone . 
   people i know personally who 've been victims of a violent crime : my cousin , who was raped by her first boyfriend ( who was a white german boy with no migration background ) , and did n't tell anyone for years . 
   and i suppose i and all my female schoolmates from around eighth year were victims of our sports teacher , who liked to ogle us under the shower and touch girls during gymnastics exercises . 
  the school was informed of these things and did nothing . 
   which is why i like to mention them to people who pretend that germany was some sort of paradise for women without sexual abuse and rape before all those refugees arrived . 
   by the way , some of the most anti-refugee politicians we have also voted against criminalising rape within the marriage , which happened in the 1990s . 
   that 's it . 
  i know no one who was a victim of a `` criminal refugee '' or whatever . 
  i like how the second article you posted seems to skilfully imply that the under-reporting of rape has to do with systematically concealing a huge amount of a `` migrant rape crisis '' . 
  in fact it 's a phenomenon that has been talked about for a long time , which has to do with the inadequacy of laws and law enforcement and the fact that women are often ashamed to talk about these things / blame themselves / are afraid of reliving their assault in court / think people will blame them . 
  most of these crimes are n't committed by a scary stranger jumping from a bush , they 're committed by someone known to the victim . 
  that makes the process all the harder : common acquaintances will be dragged into it ( `` our [ x ] would never do that !, 
  she 's lying '' ) , and questions will be asked such as `` you slept with him before though ? 
  and now you suddenly did n't like it any more ? '', 
  and i recall that a number of years back , a prosecutor was in a talkshow and said that * if his own daughter was raped , he 'd advise her not to go to the police , because the legal system was so bad in dealing with these things * . 
  it 's amazing how rightwingers ( and foreigners ) did n't give a damn about women being assaulted for decades , but now that it can be used to agitate against foreigners , it 's suddenly worth looking into . 
  nothing happened to him . 
  some parents , including my father , complained to the principal . 
  and they were asked `` did all the girls see him spy ? '', 
  when they said that no , not all of us were of course facing the door at that point , the reply was `` then nothing happened '' . 
  all of that was in the mid-90s . 
  and of course proving that he always chose the more ... hm , developed girls for demonstrating gymnastic exercises so he could grope them was downright impossible , even though we all knew what was going on . 
  in hindsight , the parents should have gone to the police , but i think the school would have protected the teacher and told police that the accusations were baseless . 
  a while back , all sort of `` abuse scandals '' were uncovered here , things of that sort and far worse ones that happened in schools , sport clubs , churches . 
  and people act all upset at how nobody did anything , while i can totally believe that that happened . 
  a friend of mine ( female ) is a professor in an area where people get lots of single lessons with professors and most professors are male . 
  she 's in a voluntary position where she 's supposed to see to equal treatment of men and women , and she 's had to go after more than one of her colleagues for inappropriate things that happened with students which the colleges did nothing about . 
  and ironically , the afd , which claims to want to protect women from evil raping refugees , wants to abolish exactly these equality-promoting positions from colleges because they consider them part of what they call `` gender madness '' . 
  my patience level with rightwingers suddenly discovering their interest in women 's right to sexual self-determination , as long as they can use it to stoke hatred against minorities , is pretty much non-existent at this point . 
  there are ... 
  i think around 5 million legal firearms here .
