  could have stopped after 11 , except that i stopped english after year 11 because my teacher was essentially dolores umbridge . 
  most people stopped french because it 's `` more difficult '' what with all the grammatical things english does n't have . 
  i think i might have been able to stop french as well because i took latin : year 11-13 ( voluntarily ) . 
  in the schools i attended i had zero choice in what my first two foreign languages were , as both times we had to take one , and only one was offered . 
  at the school i went to from year 11-13 , people in year 7 had been able to choose between french or latin . 
  the ones who had had latin all quit after year 11 , iirc - the course just ended . 
  if you want to do the abitur here in germany , you need two foreign languages as a rule . 
  we had one poor sod in our latin course who had to take it mandatorily because he 'd attended a lower branch school from years 7-10 , and had foolishly chosen handicrafts instead of french in year 7 . 
  he was quite miserable as our latin lessons were really bad - the teacher was at that point looking an awful lot like sinking into early dementia , and it showed . 
  apart from that , the language lessons were generally good , i 'd say . 
  even the umbridge woman was n't giving bad lessons per se , she was just an extremely unpleasant woman . 
  germany : you buy by the liter . 
  `` gallons '' do n't exist here ; i 've no idea how much a gallon is , not even approximately . 
  cars ' fuel use is given in liters per 100 km . 
  again , that is universal . 
   excluding your own does not compute . 
  seriously though , there are very tasty bread items in other countries ( francy , italy , ireland are the ones i 've had a bit more of ) , but from the sheer variety and the culture around it , it 's , well , us . 
  mind , you can get quite bad bread here too , but `` bad '' by german standards is usually still something the average german traveller to the us might get slightly nostalgic over . 
   this was once called a `` flennes '' . 
  that 's dialect though ; i 've never even heard that word . 
  i know it as `` leidmahl '' ( literally `` suffer-meal '' ) . 
  note for op : that 's petrol ones , not as op seems to define the term electrical ones . 
  and of course once those young people in rural areas get a driver 's license and access to the car , they do n't touch the mopeds any more . 
   edit : ok , so how is it different ? 
  different languages , different cultures , different histories going back millennia ( and lots of wars between each other ) , different food , different political systems , different legal systems , different education systems , different tax systems , different social security systems , different healthcare systems , different social customs ... 
   not just a bureaucracy of leaders that only represent a country and not the union as a that thinks they know what best huh ? 
  and are you sure you mean `` affective '' ? 
  an online dictionary tells me that means  1 . 
  influenced by or resulting from the emotions . 
  concerned with or arousing feelings or emotions ; emotional . 
  in what way are you `` effective '' compared to the eu ? 
  well , at least the whole `` is the pope catholic '' issue will finally be settled once and for all . 
  op 's posting history is a thing of beauty . 
  come on , i meant `` soldier '' as in `` someone who is professionally in a country 's armed forces '' . 
  i really do n't care enough about us military branches to know all the terminology . 
  as for 2. , there are some fields ( none of the ones op mentioned ) , where apart from having some sort of abitur ( and even that can be waived in cases of extreme giftedness ) it all goes through entrance exams . 
  that 's the case with fields where you require a high skill level in things school does not cover at all , so studying music , art or other performing/creative arts . 
  you skipped op 's 4 . 
  - prospects for psychology should be good ( but will obviously require fluent german both to study and work ) . 
  the other two not so much . 
  history is ok if you want to be a history teacher ; otherwise history students will still be able to find * something * , but it 's complicated , and as for journalists it 's afaik very hard to find a contract that 's not limited-time or a better kind of internship these days . 
  he does n't get it quite right , but `` ik '' is not correct either - kennedy 's solution is a lot closer than `` ik '' would be . 
  it 's a sound english does n't have ( there are two `` ch '' sounds in german , and neither exists in english ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.pons.com/translate/german-english/ich ) you can play an audio example of what `` ich '' sounds like . 
  well , i grew up in the north of hesse . 
  there 's a lake there ( artificial , but looking very nice ) , the edersee . 
  also a national park ( to which i 'm very partial because my father was one of the people who fought for its establishment against local opposition who knew very little about it except that they did n't want one ) , the nationalpark kellerwald-edersee . 
  in general there are many small mountains/big hills and plenty of forests . 
  there are small towns with historic cores - bad wildungen , fritzlar , korbach , bad arolsen and more . 
  there 's kassel with the documenta and the bergpark wilhelmsh\u00f6he . 
  it 's not a region for people whose interest in holidaying is `` excitement '' or partying , but very nice if you like landscape and nature and want to relax . 
  oh , we saw avebury when our bus journey was delayed and we would n't have reached stonehenge , which had been the intended target , at a reasonable time of day . 
  i really liked avebury - the stone circle , and a nice village right in the middle of it . 
  and thanks for the other recommendations !, 
  i 'll make a note of them , as i definitely want to go to england again . 
  as for my own country ... people often seem to be unaware that there are places outside of bavaria/some other southern sites/the black forest/berlin that could be worth a trip . 
  most of the north and center seems to be a big blank . 
   i just found out that the berlin accent is hochdeutsch . 
  who told you that ? 
  they were incorrect . 
  oh , i just came up with a comparison : if a us soldier in full uniform stands in front of you , tells you about their military career , and finishes with `` so now i 'm a seal ! '', 
  - do you think they just told you they were a large marine mammal , or perhaps a wax plaque affixed to a document or letter , and start to laugh at them ? 
  probably not . 
  same . 
  which is why context matters , as i said above . 
  you would say `` ich bin ein berliner '' . 
  the first time i learned about this supposed `` gaffe '' was reading about it on the english-language internet ( and i was familiar with that quote , as it 's frequently shown on tv when it can be worked in ) . 
  this is totally not a thing in germany . 
  words can have multiple meanings , and in this case it was entirely clear from context what was meant . 
  it was also a very emotional speech in a difficult situation that touched people greatly , so not something where people were just listening hoping he 'd say something stupid or funny . 
  to top it all off , he was addressing a crowd of berliners , and in berlin the food item in question ( which has [ a bunch of different names across the country ] ( http://www.atlas-alltagssprache.de/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/f4_03.jpg ) ) is called a pfannkuchen ( pancake ) , not `` berliner '' . 
  that would give a great advantage to people from wealthy backgrounds though , would n't it ? 
  i think it 's not just intended to be harsh - there 's also an aspect of protecting people from themselves . 
  if someone fails irreversibly in that way , the universities offer them counseling , including advice on what else they could study - say they did well in some of the courses they took , they might be able to change into another degree that contains those same courses ( which would be recognised as passed already ) , but not those aspects they had difficulties with . 
  and of course for people who failed their first/second tries , there are also offers , including things like counseling against exam anxiety , courses on how to write texts and so on . 
  but those are things the student will have to show some initiative on , they wo n't be forced into them . 
  why is it `` dickish '' ? 
  how long should people be allowed to try for a degree that can not manage , using resources that could be used on students who can actually pass ? 
  i mean that people used all of their exam tries , so they can not continue at that university and will be forcibly exmatriculated . 
  that could be the final exam , or a mandatory course they need to complete at some point . 
  if you definitely and irreversibly failed a certain degree in germany , you will not be admitted for that same degree in another university . 
  you can go abroad if you like , but german universities will not admit you - and of course universities can choose whom they admit . 
  it 's true , yes . 
  it 's assumed that if you were incapable of making it through a course/degree in one university with several tries , you 're not going to become magically able to do it just by trying the same thing somewhere else . 
  what precisely did he fail ? 
  and plenty of tests/exams do allow retries , just not infinite numbers . 
  so , as your original assumption is n't correct , it 's not actually medieval . 
  among certain age groups perhaps . 
  i 'd bet money that neither of my parents have eaten one in their life , and probably plenty of other people their age too . 
  and consider different issues important . 
  no party in germany campaigns on `` gun rights '' , abortion is not a campaign subject ( i had a long discussion with an american on reddit who simply could not grasp that that 's not an issue people base election decisions on ) and so on . 
  `` voter ids '' are not a thing here , as everyone is registered in their place of residence , and you do n't have to `` register to vote '' , you 're invited to every election you are allowed to vote in , and so on . 
  no one here is planning to completely overthrow the existing healthcare system into this or that direction either . 
  head of government : german , english , russian . 
  head of state : german , english , some french . 
  two foreign languages ( one or two of which of course will be rusty for most ) is the usual level for a university-educated person here . 
  it would also probably help to cultivate a point of view where people or media outlets are not all either `` left-wing '' or `` right-wing '' . 
  the point of `` wings '' is there being something in the middle . 
  people who want to be racist/xenophobic will be racist/xenophobic against `` real syrian refugees '' too . 
  if those refugees are single male , it 's `` they should go back and fight for their country '' .
