  my parents , who 're rather old , had english , french , latin , and ancient greek . 
  `` it 's complicated . '', 
   the unions work those out for the specific jobs . 
  that part does n't seem to be working very well , does it ? 
  seriously . 
  i do n't know if it 's because the average redditor is n't that old , but i really wonder what utopia people think germany was up until last year . 
   every school in germany lets you choose at grade 8 which path you want to follow . 
  really ? 
  not any school that i attended . 
  after year 11 , one could get rid of some subjects , but that was it . 
  i 've only seen them on police or hunters . 
  have n't touched one in my life , am not planning to . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , accessing them should be a lot harder ; i see no need for `` collectors '' or shooting clubs . 
  my father visited me today , and after sharing a bottle of red wine we happened to switch on the live stream of the press conference . 
  the contrast between her just talking clearly while he was unable to even stand still or show a politely interested face was quite hilarious . 
  i mean , seriously , from the way he behaves , there has to be something wrong with him . 
  ( and no , i have n't voted for merkel 's party in my life and am not planning to , but at least she can appear like a mature grown-up in public . ), 
  `` campus culture '' in germany is a lot different from the us . 
  universities do n't have `` corporate identities '' , and people do n't define themselves that much by their university in a quasi-patriotic way . 
  also , `` fraternities '' and `` sororities '' are very uncommon ; the fraternities that exist are viewed with deep suspicion by many , as many range from the very conservative to the quasi-neo-naziesque , and some keep up customs like ritualised heavy drinking and fencing with sharp weapons that seem totally outdated . 
  while of course many people here develop a new circle of friends in their university , people seem a lot less focused on * just * their university life , compared to what i 've read/heard about the us . 
  most people do n't live `` on campus '' , often there is n't even a campus . 
  there is no `` campus police '' ( what on earth ? 
  ) , and things like crimes are not dealt with by internal procedures . 
  on the whole , german students are adults who happen to be attending university , not `` college kids '' . 
  no one is parenting them any more . 
  they have total personal freedom when it comes to things like drinking , clothing , hairstyles , where they live , what they do in their free time , who sleeps in their room with them ... there are no `` codes of conduct '' or anything of the sort . 
  in germany , at least , a marked difference to the us is probably that just about every non-university job except truly unskilled labour also has professional training , complete with exams and degrees . 
  so , a german who has `` only '' a degree from one of the three tiers of the secondary school system can go on to be a trained and certified carpenter , bricklayer , hairdresser , musical instrument maker , bank employee , retail salesperson ... all of those are skilled work , and doing an apprenticeship of that kind is a respected life choice . 
  on average , university-trained people still make more money , but there are non-university careers that are quite lucrative . 
  particularly people who go on to become a `` master '' of their craft after the apprenticeship and are therefore allowed to run their own business can be very successful . 
  well , from your post i suspect you mean the afd ? 
  they 'll end up in parliament , which can either push them up further or , as has been the case with `` protest parties '' before , reduce them into oblivion after one election term . 
  that sort of thing gets more likely when parties keep having schisms and infighting over the true!ideology . 
  what they will * not * do is win any election , end up in government , or anything at that sort . 
  and because at this point the non-german commenters tend to come in with : `` but the polls said trump would lose !!!!!, 
  '' : both of those were very close elections in which there were only two mathematically relevant options . 
  in germany we have a proportional representation parliamentary system ( with some added bells and whistles ) . 
  that means that we do n't have individual muppets running against each other , but rather we elect a parliament . 
  the cabinet and chancellor are elected by that parliament . 
  that means someone has to have a majority of 50 percent +1 seat . 
  that has been achieved by one party only once in post-war history , iirc . 
  so several parties form coalitions to reach those seats . 
  the afd was polling at 8-11 percent last i looked . 
  that gives them seats , but nobody will enter a coalition with them , and they 're far from the largest of the six parties we 'll probably have in parliament this time . 
  the only way for the afd to end up in government would be for them to singlehandedly have something around 45-48 percent of votes , that is five to eight times the polls . 
  i do n't think even with the trump precedent we 're going to have * that big * an upset . 
  i think much of the reddit `` alt-right '' faction or whatever they 're calling themselves today are still think that in our election individual chancellor candidates are running , and the holy saviour frauke will beat totally-leftwing-fringe extremist merkel in a surprise trump upset . 
  i always like to tell them that if merkel ( who is a a conservative ) loses , we 'll get a government that is more to the left and * not * run by petry . 
  not really . 
  some people like to make fruit liqueurs etc. , but for that you buy high-percent alcohols and then put in fruits , sugar , spices etc. 
  and let them steep for a while . 
  rather nice , but totally non-dangerous . 
  to me it seems like a rather convenient excuse for a ) doing things that other nations would be criticised for , including things that would be * war crimes * if anyone else did them , but that are somehow morally good because the us are doing them , and b ) * not * doing certain things that are done better in other countries because the us are so special that they 're impossible to do . 
   due to the migrant crisis i 'm always amazed that people seem to think the countries which are now suddenly so totally violent !!!!, 
  due to refugees were previously crime-less paradises . 
  in recent weeks we had , for example , a man who murdered his grandmother and killed two police officers while on the run , or a young man who killed a child and bragged about it online , and killed another person too . 
  a few months back they caught a couple who had tortured several women and murdered some of them in their house . 
  and in a village in my state , a man murdered his parents and buried them in a field because they 'd cheated him over money from a house sale or something . 
  then there will have been murders that did n't even make it into german national media as well . 
  but you 've probably not heard about those crimes because the people who committed them were white germans with no immigration background . 
  those kinds of crimes are n't `` sexy '' to foreign media , so people seem to think they do n't exist . 
  but local authorities are made to lie by their governments !, 
  only foreign youtubers who 've never even set foot into the country can know the truth via fox and breitbart !, 
  in football , traditionally the dutch , though they can not really compete at the moment . 
  never forget rudi v\u00f6ller 's hair . 
  and good that you added  yes i 'm aware they do n't care about us, 
  but really , why do they test at all ? 
  even someone who passes that `` test '' might well be totally unable to participate in real traffic . 
  wow . 
  seriously though , why do n't they do the test on the road ? 
  i know that us driving education tends to be somewhat slipshod compared to ours , but why tests outside of traffic and at lowest speeds ? 
   a 10 minute roadtest on a closed course with a maximum speed limit of 15 mph good god . 
  same in germany . 
  it 's mostly an `` oooh , look , an actual policeman in uniform is visiting the school and explaining things ! '', 
  sort of thing . 
  this may sound odd to people not aware of what they do , but how about [ this ] ( http://www.volksbund.de/home.html ) ? 
  they have camps and seminars for teenagers across europe , and it 's also something that might help if you want to apply for things , scholarships etc. 
  eta : might not suit you though because you would n't make money , but rather have to pay for the camps . 
  people whistling . 
  few things make me feel violent , but that does . 
  could be both , really . 
  erdogan is going off the deep end . 
  and while i understand that calling * germans * nazis is the easiest insult to come up with for those with a limited vocabulary , it 's a bit ludicrous to use that term towards countries that were actually invaded by , well , the nazis . 
  he could at least gone with something related to cannabis . 
  seriously though , he seems more and more unhinged . 
  `` what do you mean , workers have * rights * here ? 
  and what , germans do n't buy the same products as americans and do n't want to be waited on by unnecessary personnel while shopping ? 
  they do n't know what 's good for them ! '', 
  walmart , basically . 
  fewer types of peanut butter , probably only two ( with and without chunks ) , more jams and jellies , including `` artisan '' looking things pretending to be home-cooked ( still not as good as the ones i get from my mother ) . 
  none of those other `` butters '' you mention . 
  and as the dutch person said , most shops would use half the shelf space for the same number of products pictured because they would n't have that many glasses of each on display . 
  also , it 's amazing that we can be simultaneously part of an `` aryan onslaught '' and so overrun by foreign muslims that we 'll become a minority in our country within ten years - that 's a claim you can find fairly often on this site too . 
  germany does n't either . 
  for us , the concept of `` race '' includes a lot of historical context , including the 19th century scientific racism and of course the nazis ' racial theories . 
  certain terms , like our translation of `` mixed-race '' , are 1:1 nazi-speak . 
  therefore , the idea that there are distinct races of human beings is not one assumed to be true ... except by racists . 
  that does n't mean that there is n't xenophobia , including by skin colour and country of origin . 
  it * does * however mean that white people here are not `` caucasian '' ( wtf is that supposed to be ?
