  you keep making up these supposed views held by people who disagree with you . 
  you did it right at the start where when i said that the state should not kill people , and you just decided that i did think it should bomb them . 
  i did not , in fact , say that you are more disgusting than a murderer ( note that i did not call for you to be imprisoned or whatever ) . 
  however , your idea of `` harvesting '' people * is * disgusting . 
  yet , above you say  no , i 'm saying that people like john wayne gacy should be executed instead of being imprisoned for life because that 's what my heart tells me so , your `` heart '' is correct , while we are `` using our feelings '' ? 
   getting harvested well , you are really quite disgusting . 
  and no , resource-related arguments are not the only ones that count . 
  it 's not for you to decide that `` human rights are not an acceptable answer '' . 
  you 're making rather clear that you were n't actually interested in anyone 's arguments or points of view from the start . 
  let me guess , you 're mostly here to prove your superiourity over those who oppose the death penalty , right ? 
  did i say i approve of that ? 
  it 's in fact possible to oppose several things at once , amazing though that may be . 
  no one , not even the state , has the right to kill people . 
  and no , that principle can not even be revoked for people who killed someone . 
  no language is `` basically useless '' to learn . 
  which one is `` the burka ban '' you are referring to ? 
  there are no europe-wide laws of that sort . 
  for that matter , i have n't seen a burka in my life except on tv . 
  my father ( who is 73 ) was born in july . 
  a while back he just sort of casually mentioned how his parents had married in march that same year , and when he 'd talked on , i went ... wait , what ? 
  he says that in the villages it was quite common for people to marry only once they rather had to . 
  from studying old church records , he also says that even in earlier generations , a considerable percentage of children were born either out of wedlock , or very , very shortly after their parents had married . 
  if people did n't have children shortly after marrying , they often took years to manage having any at all . 
  due to laws that were intended to prevent poor people from having families they could n't sustain , there were periods where poor people like farm staff could n't really marry at all - but they still had sex . 
  and while things like that might have caused a little tutting , they were not huge life-threatening scandals for many , but just one of the things that happened . 
  modern people often have a rather `` idealistic '' view of how things were in the `` good old times '' , where everyone kept to all the rules and people were n't creative enough to come up with the idea of having sex for fun . 
  yes , * that * sort of thing actually can be interesting . 
  for example i know that one of my mother 's ancestors was a poet of mild fame in his medium-sized town in the 19th century , there was a memorial tree named after him and everything . 
  one of his ( by today 's standards not-so-good ) poems is up on the website for his area of town , as it 's apparently become the local theme poem . 
  and my parents own the dining room furniture that was bought for his wedding around 1830 . 
  * that * is knowledge that 's interesting for me to pursue . 
  knowing that i 'm some sort of percentage dutch/french/spanish does n't tell me anything about the actual people . 
  what is that index based on ? 
  where are you from ? 
  are you worried about traffic accidents ? 
  in germany , for one thing , though our traffic is safer than in places like the us , you 're still vastly more likely to die in traffic than from terrorist attacks ( and of course dying in traffic is still extremely unlikely ) . 
  the other day , more people were killed in a single bus accident on the autobahn than in the last deadly terror attack ( which was in december ) . 
  from your posting history i suspect you 're american . 
  how many mass shootings has your country had since last december ? 
  do you know that your murder rate is several times the one we have in germany ? 
  judging by what we get in * our media * , going to the us is practically guaranteed to get you shot by some random nutjob , a police officer , or a toddler . 
  yet i suspect that 's not how your life in the us is , any more than my life in germany is in any way made unsafe by `` terrorism '' . 
  is that a thing somewhere ? 
  many places have free-of-charge local newspapers/magazines where all such things are announced . 
  aww , they 're all so young . 
  and somehow that tournament made 2014 all the sweeter . 
  what does the `` a '' in bbca stand for ? 
  do you celebrate tag der deutschen einheit ? 
  really , this must be one of the silliest questions i 've ever seen in this sub . 
  there are a few bicycle rickshaws in cologne , but that 's only a tourist thing . 
  were you in a brauhaus in the main tourist areas ? 
  there , being assholes is part of the job requirements for a k\u00f6bes ( cologne brauhaus waiter ) . 
  school made me do a second one in year seven , and there was only french , so there was n't a choice . 
  and as latin was available in year 11 and some university degrees still require latin certificates , i did that too to be safe . 
  to live permanently ? 
  honestly , probably here . 
  if i could travel around for a long period without job/housing questions , i 'd like to try out all the northern countries for a few months . 
  going to make a start with three weeks in denmark this autumn anyway . 
  it 's not actually that important for people working in the skilled trades , or even in many university-trained jobs . 
  definitely not important enough for most people to learn english late in life . 
  note also that * everyone * has english lessons in school nowadays , and those have existed for some time . 
  it 's just that many do n't come out with great skills , and if they then do n't ever use the language again , they forget what little they knew . 
  well , i meant that it 's what germans consider a `` normal feature '' , not that it 's actually like that in most places . 
  i do n't think many germans consider `` free '' universities a `` benefit '' - it 's a feature of a civilised societies , just like roads . 
  also , people from outside the eu do in fact have to prove that they have the means to support themselves while studying in order to get a student visa . 
  we suddenly had a few children with really weird dialects in school . 
  one of them was quite bitter because supposedly when they crossed the border , someone had taken his milli vanilli cassette . 
  i rent a 102 square meter flat with garden that 's the bottom floor of a three-flat house which is ... hm , i 'd estimate about 15 years old . 
  my job takes place in a number of locations , so i drive a lot . 
  i do n't own any property , but at some point i 'll inherit a house ( containing two flats ) and two pastures . 
  mostly , i 'd say it was arrogance - some sort of deep-held belief that other countries tend to be quainter versions of the us , where everything is either the same or will change to us standards as soon as they are presented . 
  things like those greeters/baggers - they do n't seem to have realised that , if german shoppers wanted these so much that they 'd be an advantage in competing with other companies , it 's quite likely that german companies would have had come up with the idea by then . 
  ( a piano , a piano ! ), 
  anything by loriot . 
  it 's very specifically german though and probably mostly not funny to foreigners , unless you live among germans . 
  bananas !, 
  ( that 's the clich\u00e9 for east germany ), 
  yes , it 's usually tied to some sort of organisation , or the local municipality offers local entertainments for children during the summer holidays for a week or two ( `` ferienspiele '' ) . 
  do n't many insurances have huge co-pays of thousands of dollars that people have to pay themselves before insurance kicks in , so they still do n't go for treatment , or yearly/lifetime maximum coverage ? 
  from what i 've read , `` having insurance '' in the us does n't necessarily translate to `` can afford medical care '' . 
  smiling cashiers were a problem too . 
  germans can do perfect politeness with a neutral face , but of course in true us style , walmart ordered the cashiers to grin at people like demented monkeys . 
  male customers supposedly complained because the ( mostly female ) cashiers were hitting on them . 
  [ some of it is here ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/worlds-biggest-retailer-wal-mart-closes-up-shop-in-germany/a-2112746 ) apart from making stupid business decisions and not understanding what germans want out of a shopping trip , they had * real trouble * with the concept that employees are n't employers ' indentured servants and have free rein when it comes to personal matters such as who they go out to dinner with . 
  because there are laws and regulations , and even american companies are required to follow them . 
  remarkably many of them have some problems with that concept though , as seen by , say , walmart and uber in germany or airbnb in berlin . 
  no one is keeping you from having parties with your friends - the university is n't needed for that . 
  people try to get into them because they 're cheaper than housing on the free market , and often located more conveniently - but in many places they cover only a small percentage of the student population . 
   they 'd convert within days of getting their healthcare card if they got residency in germany , where a significant portion of their wages goes to public health insurance ? 
  my monthly payment ( that 's only half the premium , the other half is covered by my employer ) is over 360 euro - and that is * just * the health insurance , without the other insurances and the contributions to the pension and unemployment system and so on . 
  almost 38 percent of my salary go into taxes and mandatory insurances , and there are contributions my employer makes for me that mean my salary is probably lower than it would be if they did not have to make those contributions . 
  mind , i infinitely prefer this system to what you have in the us , but it 's not the utopia you appear to be imagining . 
  and that utopian vision you appear to be having ( along with imagining multiple european countries to be close to identical ) is one major reason why your posts tend to be met with confusion or amusement . 
  anyone is allowed to show up if you do n't have a restraining order on them . 
  do you mean people who have to be let in ? 
  oh yes , the people on reunification day were not threatening at all , what with shouting about `` volksverr\u00e4ter '' ( with all the implications that has ) , and throwing eggs is a physical attack . 
  also , that `` attack '' on kohl is over 25 years past , and there were obviously plenty of people criticising it when it happened . 
  at what point can we criticise things right-wingers do ? 
  i 'd imagine that many of the factors that influence how happy people feel are quite independent from what influence one party has . 
  yes , my mother taught me that too .
