  during free periods we used to go into the village/town , and those of us who lived close to school might just go home and come back again . 
  sports in school is n't exactly supposed to be fun either . 
  hell no . 
  people who need one for their job ( police and such ) may carry them , and someone who is a hunter/sports shooter may transport it to/from the place where they 're using it ( properly packed etc. ) . 
  the notion of needing a firearm for self-defense is n't prevalent here even among people who legally own one . 
  the reason is n't just laws , at least in case of the nightly closing times on weekdays . 
  nowadays , in plenty of states [ shops could legally open around the clock ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/laden%c3%b6ffnungszeit#regelungen_in_den_bundesl.c3.a4ndern ) . 
  the shops just do n't open because 1 ) very few people actually want to shop late , and 2 ) it turns out that people do n't have more money to spend just because the shops are open longer . 
  i know of shops who went to longer opening times for a bit when laws changed , but then went back because it was simply not making any economic sense for them to have big operating costs just so that a few stragglers can get some beer and a frozen pizza . 
   upperclass thing of sending the kids to special schools somewhere which is often considered related to the child being too bad a student to make it at the normal , public local gymnasium , so mama and papa try to buy them an abitur at a private school somewhere with a lot of coddling . 
   i am redpilled good grief . 
   ( ( ( them ) ) ) and there we have it . 
  but i 'm sure you 're not an antisemite or nazi either , right ? 
  hm , how about that bannon fellow ? 
  like that caterer whom he told that he `` does n't pay people he does favours to '' ( because allowing her to cater for him was totally a favour he did her , giving her `` promotion '' ) . 
  he 's still behaving like a toddler . 
  even his own supporters , judging from some of the replies he gets , are at this point losing patience with his twitter hissy fits . 
  and that recent statement about how being president was harder than he thought - i mean , how stupid can you get ? 
  i work for an employer belonging to an organisation that pays fixed salaries based on the scales for public employees . 
  i do have a permanent contract , people here certainly seem to hope i 'm going to stay ( i 've been here half a year now ) , and it 's an area with reasonable rents , leading to a comfortable lifestyle . 
  if i continue to be happy with my work situation , i might stay here a long time . 
  ah , good point . 
  we 've got both here - people with additional names they never use , and certain name combinations ( some more outdated , like karl-heinz , some still going , like anna-lena ) that are always used together . 
  well , why are other heads of government called `` prime minister '' ? 
  some eu countries do n't even have a concept of `` middle names '' . 
  in germany , a person might have one or more additional first names , but many do n't , and the cultural treatment does n't seem to be the same as in the us . 
  some official documents require all the names a person has , but others do n't . 
  as people have pointed out , this will very much depend on the country in question , there being no `` eu passport '' . 
  the description is not * quite * accurate , in that choosing which school someone goes to is n't that much about what kind of job they want to do . 
  the selection of school types is made after elementary school , when few people really have thought about their working lives in an informed way . 
  rather , the school type usually depends on what is recommended for a child by the elementary school teachers . 
  in some states parents can override that choice , in others they ca n't . 
  the recommendation is based on the child 's school performance so far , and on whether teachers estimate it will be able to succeed in the following school types . 
  schooling gets more demanding as you go up the tiers , and there are people who 're not able to succeed in the higher tiers . 
  leaving , say , gymnasium for realschule is something that happens . 
  most parents ( though there are exceptions ) will want their child to have as many options as possible , so they will try to get it into the `` highest '' possible school type . 
  going to gymnasium , that is the highest tier , does * not * prevent a person from becoming a carpenter if that 's what they decide to do after 12/13 years of school . 
  but going to hauptschule ( the lowest tier , and not really `` trade school '' as they are n't taught any trades there ) will prevent a person from attending university unless they then continue for further schooling , which will be quite hard . 
  something that has changed over the decades is which applicants apply for which jobs after school , and what chances people have . 
  nowadays , people from gymnasium may apply for jobs that used to be done by people from realschule . 
  people from realschule might apply to jobs that people from hauptschule used to do . 
  and that , of course , leaves very little room for people from the hauptschule , particularly if they were n't good students or finished without any qualification . 
  of course even in the unlimited areas the speed is limited by the fact that there are other people on the road . 
  also , if you 're involved in an accident you 'll be assigned part of the blame if you went over the recommended maximum speed , and if you drive faster than conditions allow ( say the weather is bad etc. 
  ) , that 's a traffic violation too . 
  but yes , other than that there is indeed no speed limit , and some make use of that fact . 
  this . 
  ( a note for people who 've seen only the movies : they , faramir in particular , are not the same characters as in the books . 
  in my head at least , the movie version of quite a few characters does n't even exist . ), 
  well , to be fair i do n't plan on killing anyone anyway . 
  :-) i just find the notion that people should have guns because you can kill someone with other means as well somewhat odd . 
  of course i do n't want one . 
  people 's home being `` invaded '' by armed people is n't a usual occurrence here . 
  burglars are n't usually armed , and if someone comes into my flat , i 'm not going to up the stakes by having a weapon i would not be prepared to use against a person over property . 
  also , most break-ins in my country happen during the day , and when people are n't at home . 
  burglars are n't interested in meeting house-owners , usually . 
  for me , a situation where i `` need to defend myself '' [ no family ] at home is about as likely as one where a brick falls on my head . 
  i ca n't imagine living in a place where i 'd feel so unsafe that i 'd think i 'd need to arm myself . 
  besides , how does having a gun for `` defending one 's home '' even work ? 
  if you lock them up , you 're not going to get to them in time . 
  if you leave them out in the open , someone is going to end up being shot by a toddler . 
  also , do you keep one in every room ? 
  even the gun owners i know do n't keep them for `` self-defense '' . 
  i 've talked to a retired high-ranking military officers who does have firearms at home . 
  he still considers us-style `` self-defence '' notions , or the idea of carrying them around in public insane . 
   you have replied to a lot of my comments . 
  well , excuse me for just coming home , reading through this post , and being somewhat flabbergasted . 
  wtf . 
  why ? 
  because a hard hat looks stupid and does n't make you feel ( i assume based on reddit stats ) manly the way a gun does ? 
   the vast majority of gun deaths are suicides . 
  ah , that 's ok then . 
  people are sometimes killed by bricks falling from building facades , which is an unforeseeable event , usually . 
  do you run around with a hard hat at all times ? 
  of course it also cries out that people should `` take action '' . 
  also , the site itself gives no indication whatsover who runs it and what their agenda is . 
  but if you go to the page of the agency that created it , there 's a lot of stuff about `` kicking a ** '' ( which they apparently do not dare to spell ) , with a graphic that i suspect means they mean the symbol of the us democrats that is supposed to be kicked . 
  they certainly seem to be having a lot of republican clients . 
  just calling a site `` facts about [ x ] '' does not make it un-biased . 
  part of evaluating sources is checking who provides them , and whether they might have an agenda . 
  if i , as a non-combat-trained woman , were attempting to kill a man , i suspect i 'd have a rather easier time shooting him than trying to beat him to death . 
  ah , i understand better now . 
  in the case of sports that are in any way marketable here , the tv rights for the entire league are going to belong to some station or other - either pay tv ( bundesliga , where the big money is ) , or ad-financed freely accessible private ones , or in case of regional things public stations . 
  teams having their own tv stations is n't a thing ( except i think bayern m\u00fcnchen wants to have a tv station , but i suspect that 's mostly about foreign markets ) . 
  matches are n't marketed on a per-team basis . 
  what some teams do have is web * radio * - borussia dortmund for instance has one , run by someone who 's a big figure there and used to play for the club . 
  well , i found the specification that it has to be a teenage `` girl '' funny too . 
  as can be seen on , say , large sections of reddit , teenage * boys * are the epitome of maturity . 
   if / u/bahnmi3 wants to act like a teenage girl seriously ? 
   the disparity between germany and the us is actually not that large : 4.6 to 6.7 ( 2014 ) . 
  that 's quite a big difference , i 'd say . 
   it 's should also be noted that germany had a significantly worse rate in 1991 : 19.7 to 12.9 . 
  well , yes , that 's why we try to introduce safety measures . 
  for instance , cars did n't usually have airbags in 1991 . 
   apart from those handful of games and then the playoffs , the rest are shown on local sport networks so every team gets their own commentators . 
  how does that work ? 
  when two teams play against each other , do the two `` announcers '' shout at each other a lot ? 
  the talking heads in the studio who chat before matches/during breaks/after matches may include people who 've a tie to one of the teams . 
  it can be because they 've specifically sought someone out ( in international matches they like to find someone from that country who played for a german league team and knows the language , otherwise with league matches they might have someone who played for/coached a team in the past ) . 
  or one of the regular people from the tv station used to be a player and their team happens to play .
