  it 's also not how things work . 
  that sounds like nonsense . 
  there are detailed guidelines about what kind of school qualifications you need in order to be allowed university access ( high-demand subjects require certain grades in addition to that ) . 
  us highschool diplomas often are n't sufficient because you need things like specific high-level math/science courses or foreign languages . 
  but that 's not because people are * american * and `` last on the list '' ( why would that be ? 
  ) , it 's because their school qualifications do n't suffice . 
  i think there are egyptian schools that are similar to our ( or rather french ) schools , and people from that might qualify straight away , so an egypt person who attended one might have an advantage to a us person with a run-of-the-mill highschool diploma . 
  a while back , a well-known arsenal blogger gained a bit of additional fame when he was seated near the commentators ' stations in the stadium , and nbc 's microphones picked him up having a go at the referee and so on - `` play on , you fucking arsehole '' . 
  they came to him during break and begged him to keep it down , and they apologised in the rest of the broadcast for the profanity . 
  if the rules are applied because of advertisers , the effect is still the same . 
  there are other things too - in my country at least , the whole `` nipplegate '' incident ( that afaik led to them putting time-relays on broadcasts so nothing that horrible can happen again ? ), 
  would n't even have been a * thing * . 
  there might have been some sniggering at the way it happened , but no `` oh no , children have seen that people have nipples ! '', 
  i think the us attitude to the human body is n't really indicative of freedom - if [ a children 's book illustration that contains a drawing of a statue with a penis that 's half a millimeter long ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/zeitgeist/the-mini-penis-scandal-us-publisher-turns-away-from-cartoon-nudity-a-493856.html ) has to be censored , it starts to get ludicrous . 
  sounds to me that he 's bought into the whole `` personal responsibility/you 're free to fail '' idea that i 've seen plenty of americans express when they defend the fact that they do n't have six weeks of paid leave , paid sick leave , maternity leave , guaranteed health insurance that means `` medical bankruptcy '' is n't a thing , a work week of less than 40 hours , or protection from being fired just because the boss is grumpy that day . 
  personally , if i was living and working in conditions of the sort i 've seen many people describe ( and not just low-wage workers who apparently `` deserve it '' because they did n't `` work hard enough '' ) , i ca n't imagine feeling free . 
  i 'd be in a constant state of stress . 
  if it 's originally in english , i play in english too . 
  i 've never even driven an automatic car in my life and ( except for taxis ) travelled in someone else 's automatic car perhaps once . 
  i do n't really have a desire to drive one either ; manual works fine for me . 
   muslims are generally a socioeconomic problem throughout europe , but the socialist parties have their hands tied by their large muslim voter bases . 
  citation needed . 
  also , i 'd like to see your definition of `` socialist '' and `` center-right '' parties . 
  in germany for instance , the `` establishment '' * is * center-right . 
  der spiegel had a rather horrifying article some time back about blood vengeance traditions in albania . 
  it talked about how there are hundreds of teenagers who can not leave their home because they 're in danger of being murdered over old family feuds that they never personally contributed to . 
  rather shocking . 
  i 'm not sure if there are people who ask for asylum about that sort of thing , but it definitely does n't sound as if all was well there . 
  yup . 
  i 've never voted for the cdu and am not planning to , but that has nothing to do with the refugee issue . 
  not depending on who she 's talking to , but depending on what public opinion demand . 
  prior to the refugee situation she was sitting questions out until it was clear what was the least-resistance way to go about them , or in some cases of social policy , until the constitutional court got on the government 's case . 
  oh yes . 
  when i entered year 12 [ the second-to-last year of school ( then ) where you select certain subjects you focus on , while quitting others ] , i chose my leistungskurse [ those focus subjects ] with care according what they told us would be the rules the next year , so i could take one specific subject that had no leistungskurs available in the abitur [ final exam ] . 
  then , when the year was already running , they changed the whole thing under me so that my selection meant that i could not take that specific subject ( while other selections would have worked ) . 
  just when i was wondering whether i should try to get an exception , they changed the whole thing * back * , so my original plan still worked . 
  for me it would not really have mattered , except for wanting that specific subject so my applications would look nice , as i had no trouble in any subject . 
  but for other people that sort of malfunction might well have cost them valuable points on their final marks . 
  big ones and small ones and really tiny ones . 
  would you believe that it took me a bit to see what was wrong with that picture - and i 'm german ? 
  funny how you sometimes do n't look at things properly and your brain just adjusts them to look correct . 
  i 'd assume they 'd lost their minds because they 'd have to sell a huge swath of land , containing among other things our former capital where a number of government buildings are still located , to * belgium * . 
  after that i 'd probably wait if living conditions , my job etc. 
  would be affected . 
  if so , i 'd move elsewhere . 
  somewhat historical example : edmund stoiber . 
  he has a history of mangling things he says very , very badly . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmuxra4b9ge ) ( english subtitles ) he tries to explain something regarding trains and planes that i could describe in two sentences at most . 
  he takes a bit longer to not explain it at all . 
  then he covered himself in glory when explaining why a bear had to be shot . 
  he invented several zoological categories , including the one of `` problemb\u00e4r '' ( problem bear ) . 
  and he managed to explain his gardening hobbies with the concluding sentence `` and then i tell my wife what i want done , and she does it with the gardener '' . 
  the second half of the phrase is probably even more suggestive in german than in english . 
  the problem is that shortly before , he had sounded off about how english would become the business language of germany soon , with even people like craftsmen using it in their job , while german would remain the `` private '' language . 
  it was very much `` oy , you people need to improve your english , you suckers , else you 'll all end up unemployed '' . 
  so when he came out with something like that , mangling speeches i 'm quite sure he did n't even * understand * while he was reading them out , he really did himself no favours . 
  one of my cousins ( who was * always * horrible , you know the type of child who pulls the wings of flies ) went through a `` phase '' of being a neo-nazi ( to great family embarrassment , as both his father and his aunt are local social democratic politicians ) . 
  but i have n't seen him in a very long time , and most of the family , such as his brother , avoid contact with him as much as they can . 
  the neo-nazism thing is only one of his issues , as he 's also done things like physically attacking his mother 's partner . 
  apart from that i 've taken part in counterprotests to neo-nazi protests , so i 've seen a few of them . 
  most of them look almost comically unlike the `` germanic '' ideal the nazis created . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  i 've seen those notions expressed by us atheists , who seem to be feeling very much under threat by evangelicals . 
  and the branches of us christianity that are most visible , for instance in politics , do come over as more conservative ( taking the bible literally , rejecting evolution and sex education in schools and so on ) . 
  because , sad as it is , the world of international relations is more complex than that . 
  why would they be * occupying * us ? 
  do you think we 've got 90-year-old ss soldiers holed up in the forest who 'd retake the country if the us left ? 
  they 're using bases in this country because it 's extremely convenient for them . 
  there 's quite a bit of opposition to that , and to the things they do in our country , but they 're not a damned `` occupation force '' . 
  well , many of those specific people are dead , but i guess there might be some ideological consistency . 
  there are ties between the green party and the protestant church , many parishes are very active in working with refugees , and i know quite a few rather leftist pastors . 
  things like the us `` prosperity gospel '' do n't exist here , and generally there 's really no interest in what kind of sex other people are having as long as it 's consensual . 
  in my country for one thing , both christian churches ( especially the protestant one ) have large sections that are quite left-wing . 
  social equality is an important subject as is environmental conservation . 
  in the protestant church there are blessing services for gay couples and everything . 
  us-style `` all christians are conservative '' notions do n't work here at all . 
  while german universities are `` free '' , you will still have to cover your living expenses , and in order to even get a visa you 'll have to have something around 7000-8000 euro in the bank for the first year . 
  and `` grants '' and `` scholarships '' are n't something you can expect in german universities . 
   i have a high school diploma from public school , i 'm sure that will be recognized . 
  it will be * recognised * as a school diploma ; that does n't mean that it 's equivalent to ours . 
  german secondary school has three branches ; you need the exam from the highest of those branches in order to be admitted to university . 
  unless you have taken specific courses , some of them i think ap courses or whatever you call them , a us highschool diploma is * not * considered equivalent . 
  many us ( and other foreign ) people who try to study here must attend a special school for a year to make up missing qualifications , if they 're allowed to at all . 
  there 's a reason why us colleges afaik start by making people take a variety of courses from different fields , while here you only have subjects related to the thing you study . 
  here , general education is taken care of in schools . 
  you will also obviously need to know german , even if you find an english-language bachelor program . 
   i am attracted to europe because of the old architecture and the lifestyle of living car free and being able to live and walk to wherever you need . 
  while i 've gathered that walking anywhere is n't a thing that happens much in the us , there are many , many places in europe where living without a car is hugely inconvenient or downright impossible . 
  amazing . 
  for germany i 'd bet on munich , actually , or somewhere really touristy like neuschwanstein or rothenburg ob der tauber . 
  who comes up with an idea like that ? 
  it ca n't be enjoyable . 
  and they might end up as happened to me during a study trip to spain where we hit lots of locations , and at one point i was so groggy that i stumbled out of the bus , walked around the town with the group for half an hour , and then asked ( sadly in hearing of the guide ) which town we were in again , because i 'd totally lost where we were in the schedule . 
  there 's a reason why i remember little from that trip , compared to other journeys abroad i 've had where i had time to let impressions sink in - i fear op 's group might have similar problems . 
   now do n't bother replying because i wont be reading it . 
  you know , when you ask me questions in your comment , this seems a pretty illogical statement to make . 
  anyway , we 've quite a few groups of our own , * including the people who are most rabidly against immigration * , who have n't quite figured out those `` westernized ideals '' or `` liberal/progressive '' ideas yet . 
  the afd , for instance , is n't exactly for women 's equality , gay rights , or sex education . 
  i for one have n't reported you as `` coming off as hitler '' - you 're not as threatening as you seem to flatter yourself to be . 
  however , you do n't seem to grasp the idea that people generally do n't have children for some sort of greater purpose , they have them because they want them , or they do n't .
