  you 're assuming a lot about other countries ' situation that is n't actually true . 
  again , you want the death penalty * for people who have n't been convicted of crimes * ? 
  but only , i assume , for jihadists ? 
  what about other people ? 
  `` oh , / u/caiusgluteousmaximus was acquainted with a murder victim . 
  we do n't have a shred of evidence that he 's the murderer , but just to protect everyone else , let 's kill him . '', 
   i think that 's probably untrue . 
  its more likely that the prisons are closing for budgetary reasons and judges there are less likely to incarcerate . 
  ah , it 's all a big government conspiracy ? 
  many guantanamo detainees were never charged with anything , let alone convicted , and there were people in there who were just picked up for incredibly spurious reasons . 
  yet you still would have shot them ? 
  at what point do you become the thing that you 're fighting against ? 
  people on one of the german subs recently mentioned * [ hindafing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2iftdsbe6y ) * , which i 've now watched . 
  it 's set in rural bavaria and shows the typical small-village politics that are so corrupt that none of the participants even thinks of it as corruption . 
  also , crystal meth . 
  no , there are in fact , would you believe it ? , * women * on the internet !, 
  in germany at least we do not have `` prisons full of jihadists '' . 
  in fact we 've been closing some prisons because there were n't any prisoners to put in them , and the prisoners in the remaining prisons are there for a number of reasons . 
  besides , prisons are sort-of better secured than most other places . 
  and there is * still * a difference between sending soldiers into combat ( which interestingly many germans still disagree with doing ) , police shooting a person who is at that time threatening the life and safety of others ( which our police does very very rarely and only as a last resort ) , and strapping a person down and murdering them . 
  in germany , only the most rabid rightwingers would be down with doing this . 
  normal conservatives would detest the idea just as much as people on the left . 
  they have big cities on the seacoasts , others in desert areas , farmland in regions where they get droughts ... the punishment will present itself in due course . 
  it 's not something to `` believe '' in . 
  either you accept the scientific method and its results , or you do n't . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not german , i 'm saying it can be practically incomprehensible . 
  it 's another form of german . 
  i use it as a flair on reddit . 
  it 's a piece of cloth with a combination of colours that identify the country . 
  i do n't need to fly it anywhere because i * know * i 'm german . 
  yep . 
  try moving to a village in germany as someone from a big city , preferably in another region of the country . 
  you can and will be an outsider for years ; your children born there might be considered `` locals '' , but you yourself ? 
  it will take decades . 
  i ca n't recall anyone ever `` being fired '' from anywhere i worked , but those were all small places in a social field or in academia . 
  there were one or two people who were permanently ill and at some point went into early retirement . 
  for one thing , right-wingers ( and actual right-wingers , not people like * kohl * ) object to people like yourself too . 
  i 'm always flabbergasted at people who think that * they * belong to the `` good immigrants '' who would be spared if all the `` bad ones '' were evicted . 
  strong schwytzerd\u00fctsch can be close to incomprehensible to germans . 
  it 's not much closer to hochdeutsch than dutch , and i suspect you would n't say those two are the same language . 
  no , but we read the book in school back in the day . 
  it was educational , but i suppose it might be more educational for students in * other countries * to get them to understand how certain events could happen anywhere . 
  in german schools , you get the whole `` this is how the nazis happened and what they did '' thing multiple times in various years and subjects anyway , so the impact is rather lessened . 
  the person you replied to is austrian . 
  most austrian and german soldiers did n't exactly `` give their lives to defeat nazi germany '' . 
   if it 's a matter of interview questions , are they polygraphed ? 
  in germany we believe in science , not quackery of that nature . 
  but they usually can tell if people have a sham marriage , because you are a lot less clever than you think you are . 
  any scheme in which you come up with in which you exploit a child as an `` anchor baby '' to stay in germany * also * leads to you having a financial responsibility for said baby , up to and including its first apprenticeship/university education . 
  what with us government apparently loving to repeal anything , no matter how sensible , any previous government of the other party did , i guess they should try not to lose the next election . 
  it 's regionally different too , i 'd say . 
  in a region with a bundesliga ice hockey team , people might be more into that , somewhere where there are big handball clubs , it 's more handball , etc. 
  stray cats ( or rather cats that tended to hang around this or that particular farm , might be fed a little , but not taken to the vet even when obviously sick ) were definitely a thing in the village where i grew up . 
  yes . 
  the far right do n't exactly have a great liking for women 's rights . 
  i 've been to the us once , and apart from that i 've only been within europe so far . 
  there are plenty of european countries i have n't seen yet either . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  i live in a rural area , and it 's quite ok here . 
  i can afford 102 square meters with a garden for less than people are now paying for one-room apartments in munich ( assuming they could find any ) . 
  i tried to watch about two matches on tv , but i have no earthly clue what is even going on there , and it just looks boring because there rarely seems to be anything happening . 
  i found watching * curling * more interesting that american football , quite apart from any out of a number of other team sports . 
  i have n't voted for her party ever and am not planning to , but nowadays it 's already an accomplishment that she 's , well , sane and an adult . 
  it 's the one who pretends that as we criticise the us , we must want to kill them all , i think ? 
  you 're trying * way * too hard . 
  - it 's not written the way you think it is . 
  - it 's not pronounced the way you think it is . 
  - it does n't mean what you think it does . 
  ah , i guess it 's the one in the video where samantha bee invented the conspiracy theory of him being illiterate ? 
  i was quite shocked by that , and at this point i think it has moved out of the realm of satire . 
  often just for practical reasons . 
  when i was a child , most of the old ladies in my village wore them when working in their gardens . 
  and when i had a phase of trying to let my hair grow long , i discovered quickly why , when i did physical work like painting a room . 
  i make my own schedule and work from home a lot . 
  as long as i do all the things i need to do , i mostly do what i do when i want , as i have few fixed times at all , and many of those in the afternoon or evening . 
  when i am out doing things a whole day , i try to have an hour to get something to eat , read a bit and so on . 
  yes , northern ones . 
  first one is from waldeck , second one is schw\u00e4lmer tracht, 
  and could read . 
  what with the things that leak out about trump being unable to handle `` briefing papers '' that are longer than a page and not in bullet point , i have suspicions he might be what i guess is called functionally illiterate . 
  germany has as many traditional clothing styles as towns , almost ( and most of them do not involve lederhosen and dirndl ) . 
  where i grew up , the traditional male garment is the [ blue shirt ] ( https://www.wlz-online.de/bilder/2012/03/22/5381227/1004262660-1050678-neue-kostueme-fuer-das-grosse-fest_reference-0a7.jpg ) the lady there holds up - nowadays women sometimes wear them too , but for both genders it 's really only something very few people have who 're interested in local culture . 
  my father has one that my mother made , embroidery and all , and when i was a little girl , i had a red one she made . 
  i think i must have looked quite cute !, 
  my father also looks quite convincing in his . 
  but really , i remember the thing as quite scratchy . 
  some local clothing styles are quite bizarre . 
  in one region south from where i grew up , female clothes involve multiple skirts layered over each other like [ here ] ( https://www.luzine-happel.de/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/str1_1.jpg ) . 
  and the point is that people * see * how many skirts a woman has ( it showed she was well off ) , so they get shorter and wider on top . 
  feast-day clothes could involve twelve or more skirts . 
  that 's not quite sane from a modern point of view . 
  how much you need depends on many factors , but note as others told you that switzerland is expensive . 
  also , as a tourist you spend a lot more than at home even if you try to be frugal , just by not being able to cook etc. 
  i would n't convert money , i 'd take it from an atm . 
  it costs 22.80 euro for younger people , 28.80 for older ones . 
  registering your residence is free in most places , some like hamburg charge 12 euro . 
  in germany everyone has to possess ( not carry , that 's a misconception even many germans have ) an id and register at the place where they live . 
  so far no entity has fined us for that . 
   i really do n't want to carry cash you will need to . 
  i do n't know how great the differences are to austria and switzerland , but in germany for one existing solely with a credit card is simply not feasible .
