  of course sympathy/antipathy with the chancellor candidates plays a role , but there are many more issues than that . 
  in order for people to `` support him '' , he would first have to be the spd 's candidate . 
  personally , i 've never voted for merkel 's party in my life ( which is totally unrelated to the refugee situation ) , and i have n't voted for the spd either . 
  i do n't plan on changing that . 
  from what i 've read it 's ( partly , there is a clich\u00e9 about italian men wanting to have mamma take care of them a long time ) an economic thing . 
  young workers make so little money in some places that they ca n't even afford to move out , or they become unemployed after a while so move back to their parents . 
  here , it depends on what a person does . 
  someone who goes to university at around 18 years will often move out , unless they happen to go near where their parents live - many do n't . 
  someone who does an apprenticeship nearer to home might stay there for a while , for convenience and for saving money . 
  [ advent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayvxxadjacg ) by loriot . 
  sounds nice , right ? 
  all soft and cosy , and it uses cutesy words . 
  it 's ... rather darker than it sounds . 
  [ this translation here ] ( https://expatsincebirth.com/2013/12/06/loriot-and-his-poem-about-advent-an-example-of-german-humour/ ) is n't quite faithful to the original , and anyway much of what goes on lies in the language and ca n't be well translated , but it 's a hint of what 's it about . 
  for national teams ? 
  there are n't any `` poached '' ones in the german team . 
  some had the choice between several teams , but that 's because they have/could choose between two citizenships . 
  the only recent player i can think of who was n't born here or grew up here from childhood is cacau - and he got german citizenship the normal way , by living here for years etc. , not because they fixed it to get him into the team . 
  well , for starters really * do * work on your german . 
  if you ca n't find that information by yourself in german yet , it 's not good enough to pass the entrance exams . 
  policing in germany is very much about communication , and not generally in the form of shouted orders or pointing your gun at people . 
  haha , that too , yes . 
  but we get a fair bit of `` i 'm german '' [ my great-great-great-grandfather immigrated from a place in germany i ca n't spell ] in / r/germany too . 
  i associate it with americans discovering they 're 13.5 percent german and 14.7 percent scottish , upon which they don kilts and lederhosen and try to `` reclaim their heritage '' , becoming instant experts on their fatherland and wondering why the natives , including those on reddit , do not welcome them as long-lost brothers . 
  finding out about one 's ancestry can be interesting , but hereabouts people tend to do that by looking at old records to find out what their ancestors did and where/how they lived , not by trying to find out their race or ethnicity or whatever it 's supposed to be . 
  well , if we 're talking about christmas markets in particular , they take place in all big towns ( multiple per town ) and many smaller ones during advent - and they go all day , or from noon to late at night , * every day * , at least in the big towns . 
  you simply ca n't block all the roads for four weeks every year if you want life to continue . 
  the markets themselves tend to take place in spots where no cars are supposed to go , in pedestrian zones , on plazas etc. 
  but roads go * past them * , so someone who wants to get there can . 
  you ca n't block all the roads around them with police guard , in every place where there 's a christmas market , all day . 
  quite apart from people also living there and needing to go places , in a small town , you 'd probably need all the police they have just to do that . 
  now , whether the entrance to that particular market should have been blocked with concrete barriers , as they 've done in other places , is a different question . 
  but if someone intends to kill people with a vehicle , there 's simply no way to prevent them doing it . 
  they could race into traffic on the autobahn , they could drive into a crowd of people waiting at traffic lights in a busy intersection ( horrible accidents of that sort have happened ) - there are simply too many potential targets . 
  i 've got perfectly healthy teeth - at 35 , there is not a single thing in my mouth that did n't grow there , and the only treatment other than a cleaning ( not whitening ) i 've had was wisdom teeth surgery . 
  i do n't even always bother with twice-yearly checkups because my teeth seem impervious . 
  my teeth are also naturally coloured and do n't look like an enameled grill , and one front tooth is slightly asymmetrical . 
  it 's not bad enough to have warranted braces , so i did n't bother . 
  it seems that us people have different criteria for what they consider `` healthy '' teeth than we do . 
   while european usually with chlorine that would be country-dependent though . 
  it is n't in germany in the normal way of things . 
  got the 13th salary . 
  and yesterday when i came home there was a small stack of things on my doorstep , a neighbour must have let someone in who delivered them personally . 
  i got a book , a decoration item in the local traditional crafting style , holiday letters from different departments , and a hand-written note from my boss about how glad they are i 'm here ( i 've only come here october 1st ) . 
  coming from a workplace where such niceties were not observed at all , it made me sniffle a bit . 
  well , that is a horribly resource-intensive way to spy on people - particularly if you do n't have any specific suspicions and are just fishing for what might turn up . 
  in contrast , having someone who is supposed to report on people in their environment is a lot easier - you do n't have to sift through hours of conversation , they can tell you about multiple people , they can ask leading questions and find things out themselves ... and of course a system like that discourages dissent , because it becomes rather a risky business for people to be openly critical of the regime when you 're never quite sure if one of the colleagues you 're griping to about the lack of basic items is going to report you for being a troublemaker . 
  sure . 
  that happened in germany , and it had tradition too . 
  a generation before that , people threatened others with reporting them to the gestapo in personal arguments . 
  why only english-speaking countries ? 
  eta : no , in any case , as a lot of associated things would have to be sorted out as well . 
  my parents ( west german ) chose not to . 
  they 're pretty certain they would have a record , as they travelled to the gdr multiple times and the border guards were awfully well-informed on whom they were visiting and why ( the person they visited * was * spied on by friends and close associates ) . 
  they prefer not to have absolute reassurance that people who hosted them reported on them . 
  i like when it 's getting colder because more birds come to my feeders . 
  i have a ring full of fat balls ( that is the word , i think ? 
  ) , plus things on the ground , and every day around eight starlings come ( others too , but the starlings are most impressive ) . 
  just now as i type this , a robin is sitting there . 
  also , i mostly inadvertently bought the biggest christmas tree ever because i was afraid my not that large car would only fit a very small one . 
  so i told the seller to give me the biggest that would fit ... which turned out to be a bit too high for the living room . 
  i adjusted it though , and now it looks glorious and really cheers everything up together with all the other lights i have up . 
  yes . 
  we get them in / r/germany now and then , claiming to be german but knowing nothing whatsoever about what it means to be german except tired stereotypes or half-remembered anecdotes from 200 years back . 
  sometimes the way in which they express their connection with their `` heritage '' ( we 've had people with `` patriotic '' crests of the german empire tattooed on their bodies ) itself shows that they have zero understanding of the culture they 're claiming to belong to . 
  if i see anyone with that sort of tattoo , i do n't think they 're `` honouring their heritage '' , i think they 're a neo-nazi who wanted to avoid getting an illegal tattoo . 
  of course in germany in particular we 've rather gone off the `` i have german blood ! '', 
  idea . 
  wanting to find out about your ancestry is a totally different thing . 
  it 's pretty popular here too . 
  and the things i know about my ancestors are interesting ( one was one of martin luther 's buddies , another in the weimar republic lost his livelihood because he voted for the social democrats on a ballot his employer had marked ) . 
  it 's just that i 'm not * them * , and that 's the part where some americans seem to have trouble . 
  well , where i live we can get any university degree we 'd like without a single euro in debt , assuming we qualify for it and manage to finish it . 
  money is n't the gate keeper , academic achievement is . 
  considering the sums i 've seen us people throw around as the debt they start their working life with , that 's a `` better thing '' , i 'd say . 
  that 's just one example . 
  it 's particularly ironic because in those past times where we , too , claimed that we were superiour , someone like the other commenter with his romanian flag would have been a member of the lesser races . 
  i wonder if he realises that . 
  again , please tell me : is lukas podolski german ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  do his `` genetics '' magically make him unable to be a citizen of the country he grew up in , went to school in and so on ? 
  wow , those are some great sources . 
  alex jones , breitbart , and someone writing for * neue freiheit * who used to be a politician for the republikaner . 
  they do n't have any agenda or narrative they are pushing whatsoever , do they ? 
  you know , if you 're basically describing [ this ] ( http://www.akg-images.de/docs/akg/media/tr5/7/0/8/3/akg170221.jpg ) , you do n't have to wonder that people are associating your views with nazism . 
  are you honestly telling us that someone like lukas podolski is not german because he does n't pass the ariernachweis ? 
   german children are a minority in germany do you have a source for that ? 
   european nations are much older and homogeneous than america the definition of `` homogeneity '' in use here is `` white '' , right ? 
  because if you want to talk about homogeneity with , say , swiss and belgian people , they might have something to say about that . 
  and as for germany , you might want to look up when this country even became unified rather than a conglomeration of individual principalities . 
  german . 
  english - fluent i 'd say , at least i can read/listen to anything and understand it without `` translating '' to german in my head ; i can just `` switch '' to english nowadays . 
  i do n't get to speak often enough . 
  i had lessons from years 5-11 in school , but i did a lot of reading/watching things after that . 
  i was nowhere near fluency when i stopped in school , even though i had very good marks . 
  french : i 've forgotten a lot , but i had it from years 7-13 , and i used to be very good at it . 
  latin : 11-13 , finishing with the * latinum * ( a standardised exam you need for certain university courses ) . 
  the lessons were rubbish as the teacher was rapidly getting senile . 
  i know no grammar whatsoever , and it 's the only subject ever where i cheated in exams ( we all did in a coordinated group effort , as we simply were taught absolutely zero ) . 
  i * do * know a lot of vocabulary which helps with all my other languages , as i recognise loanwords and related words .
