  do you use your foot-long ruler and move it along the floor 30 times ? 
   so like , when i measure my height , i can make a mark on the wall , and then pull out my ruler , and start from the ground , and then where it stops is one foot , then i put a mark there , then i move the ruler up that mark , and the number of times i do that is my height in feet ( in my case six feet ) , and then i just do that one last time , and it does n't use the whole ruler , and then i use the number in the ruler that is closest to my first mark ( in my case one inch ) . 
  that makes my height 6 ' 1 '' . 
  for metric , it is done basically the same way , except at the end , i 'd have to multiply 30 cm six times , and then add 2 cm to be able to get to 185 cm . 
  what . 
  when i measure my height , i can do that in one go , using the above-mentioned folding rule . 
  i do n't need to multiply anything , i just extend it to almost full length until i reach 170 cm . 
  really , you have to be trolling , this is too bizarre . 
   also , a foot is also much easier to measure than a meter . 
  you ca n't carry a meterstick in your backpack , but you can carry a ruler . 
  what on earth ? 
  there are such things as folding rules , of which i own at least two because the things are so compact that i keep misplacing them . 
  those can fit into my handbag and measure two meters in one go . 
  aww , that 's cute ( though i imagine very loud ! ) . 
  as a matter of fact , i did encounter the expression in a spain-related book : in a historical novel set in imperial rome , the characters go to the provinces in hispanea . 
  i guess the only similar thing we have in germany is [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/almabtrieb ) , and of course it 's highly regional . 
  sheep with shepherds that still move about do so in smaller areas , and it 's probably mostly a green/alternative thing to do these days . 
   as a spaniard , i find that 's fun . 
  the `` hard '' english words are ( usually ) of latin origin , so they are more or less the same as in spanish : transhumance = transhumancia . 
  i 'm normally quite good at those latin-descended words , but that one just stumped me ( `` trans '' was obvious , but the rest ? ) . 
  iirc the full expression was `` transhumance paths '' , and in an undefinable way the expression just looked `` wrong '' . 
  as for the medical terms , iirc there was a push in the 19th century or so to translate lots of those latin terms to german , which is how we ended up with `` blinddarm '' , `` windpocken '' and the likes . 
  at this point it 's 1:1 . 
  i very rarely look up words . 
  when writing it 's normally because i need to explain some specific german concept , say to someone asking something in / r/germany , and am trying to find the closest term in english . 
  looking up when writing only happens when i downright translate from german to english , as sometimes i ca n't remember words that i know then . 
  when i `` flick the switch '' in my head to english , i usually remember all the words . 
  when reading a book or online article , i usually ca n't be bothered to look the very rare unclear word up . 
  it stops the reading flow , and context generally tells me everything . 
  i do use my kindle 's dictionary function occasionally , but the words i use it for are ones i suspect native speakers might not know either , such as `` transhumance '' ( saw that for the first time yesterday ) . 
  i 've done those online `` estimate the size of your english vocabulary '' tests ( whatever they may be worth ) , and the results told me that my vocabulary size is the same as that of a us-american with a college degree . 
  looking at op 's posting history , i suspect it has something to do with french men being `` cucked '' by muslim immigrants , and the government banning them from finding out . 
  or something . 
   no offense , but everywhere i look there are job offers for everyone , ranging from a waitress to care personal and up to engineers . 
  i do n't think many people are going to hire a waitress who does n't speak german , though . 
  does n't stop the people who think they 're `` irish '' or `` german '' though . 
  here , the system is somewhat graded : less serious offenses are judged by one professional judge . 
  more serious ones have a judge plus two * sch\u00f6ffen * ( lay judges ) , and the most serious crimes have a `` chamber '' of a presiding judge , two other judges , and two sch\u00f6ffen . 
  being a sch\u00f6ffe is something people volunteer for , and they do it for five years . 
  the selection is somewhat strict , and they receive some instruction too afaik . 
  they work together with the judge , rather than as a separate entity , and their votes count as much as the judge 's . 
  i like that system better than one where random people are selected , and only the ones who ca n't find a reason to get out of it and who the prosecutor and defense lawyer think are biased for them end up serving ( at least that 's the impression i 've gotten from watching us tv stuff , where people 's gender and skin colour and how many children they have are major issues ) . 
  i read about us cases where for a crime that had been in the news constantly for weeks they had to find jurors who * had managed not to hear about it * - i 'd not want to be judged by people who are that disinterested in the world around them . 
  i do n't know if i 'd volunteer ; my mother did it as a young woman for juvenile court , and they had some horrible cases where people came from really bad backgrounds , or where things had happened , like someone killing all his friends in an accident he caused , that were just a tragedy all round . 
  i 'd be surprised if every random german even knew what colour indigo is . 
   country 2 : germany , also 7 : rot - orange - gelb - gr\u00fcn - blau - indigo - violett i was taught six . 
  rot - orange - gelb - gr\u00fcn - blau - violett . 
  `` lnder '' would mean `` l\u00e4nder '' , in this context the federal states in the east . 
  and in the 1990s there were indeed some rather shameful incidents , thought not exclusively in the east . 
  there were a number of riots and attacks both on individuals who looked foreign and on homes for asylum seekers . 
  this includes arson cases in which multiple inhabitants died . 
  there were a number of parallels to today 's situation , including rightwing parties rising up , and people claiming `` foreigners '' would bring about the end of the occident . 
  yet somehow this has n't happened so far . 
  that 's also why i find some of the reactions to the `` refugee crisis '' rather puzzling . 
  younger people from outside germany in particular appear to think that this is the first time ever foreign refugees to germany . 
  you do n't beat on the table to applaud particular statements or anything , it 's just a soft knocking with your knuckles at the end of the lecture . 
  it 's a gesture of showing appreciation for what you heard , in a context where clapping would be way over the top . 
   they make it ?!?!?!?!, 
  well , yes . 
  that 's what jam and jelly traditionally were , ways for people to preserve their fruit harvest back when you could n't freeze it at home , and to have fruit available in seasons where you could n't buy any . 
  where do you live , that the concept is so weird ? 
  here , i 'd expect even people who 've never had a garden in their life to be familiar with the idea ; there are people who buy fruit specifically to make jam and jelly too . 
  well , `` being american '' is not a sought-after job skill in and of itself , no . 
  and work-permit-wise , you are in the line behind the country 's own citizens and eu citizens . 
  then , of course , lacking knowledge of the country 's culture , laws and regulations can be a disadvantage . 
  walmart , for instance , found that out the hard way when they tried to expand into germany but had all the decisions made by american managers with no clue . 
  conversely , if a company that is working with us companies is specifically looking for someone with * that * cultural background , you might have an advantage , but that 's rarer than the opposite . 
  german sauerkraut consumption is about a kilo per person and year . 
  in summer , i may eat two kilos or more strawberries in a week , just for comparison . 
  it 's not actually a `` signature dish '' or anything . 
  it may be a traditional side-dish to some meat-dishes , but apart from that the whole `` germans eat sauerkraut !!! '', 
  thing came from german soldiers carrying tins as provisions , which is a purpose it 's convenient for . 
  dunno , it reminds me of the american we had here a while back with varying accounts who was calling for war , destruction , and mass murder to be inflicted on the us . 
  that one was clearly considering himself some sort of extra-clever troll . 
  he tried to equate the anti-trump stance of much of non-us reddit with us literally wanting to murder all of your population , or claimed that if we really thought aspects of our societies ( such as the healthcare system , law enforcement , prison ) were so much better than the us , we 'd need to grant political asylum to every single one of your persecuted population . 
  this one looks very similar , it might well be a t_d trumplet . 
  also of course you ca n't just track this side of things :  the most successful students come from prestigious college preparatory boarding schools , followed by home schoolers , followed by the top students at affluent public schools . 
  in order to come to this conclusion  home schooling gives your kids the best shot at leap frogging their peers , and being better prepared to succeed in college & post college you would also have to track what percentage of homeschooled students achieve which level of further education . 
  that would be part of the `` research '' you claim as well . 
  funnily enough , this sub is discussing europe , not the us . 
  and in germany for one , university admission depends on the grade from the exam taken at the end of the highest tier of the school system - those schools are public , them being `` affluent '' does n't come into it , and the education they give a person goes somewhat beyond what someone 's parents could teach them . 
  a person can get literally any job in germany by attending the public school nearest to them . 
  i 'd suggest that homeschooled people outperforming ones from the public school system says more about the quality of that school system than about the efficacy of homeschooling . 
  not banned here either ( yet , possibly ) - i 've seen it twice in 35 years . 
  every few years on the autobahn . 
  that is assuming i do n't count `` normal '' cars that have military numberplates and are used for military business that involves a person driving around without the need for a military vehicle - one can see those occasionally . 
  what is that ? 
  or dives beautifully . 
   visit a cafe ( i would love to buy some weed for the trip , but would greatly appreciate any tips on how risky this might be , crossing borders and all ! ), 
  do n't . 
  a car with young people in it crossing from the netherlands into germany is highly likely to be stopped . 
  you 're not going to be imprisoned or anything , but if you have more than the rather small amount that tends to be tolerated for personal use ( it 's not legal , but they do n't bother with pursuing the matter ) , you will get fined . 
  also , they 'll take it off you . 
  grand , thanks !, 
  then i 'll speak english when my danish runs out . 
  are people more likely to be speaking english or german ? 
  i 'm traveling to denmark in autumn , and while i 'm actually trying to learn some danish because it 's polite , i 'll not be able to communicate very well by then . 
  i 'd be happy to speak english of course - actually i 'd somehow feel impolite just speaking german . 
  * at least * two languages besides german . 
  i had english , french , and latin .
