my first time abroad was ab exchange to france , in the savoy alps . 
  very nice experience , and the people were really quite lovely . 
  we went in our second year of french lessons though , and that was really too early to really communicate . 
  the host family laughed at me though because i was eating , as we did at home , cheese with butter . 
  `` comme les normands '' , they said . 
   multiple choice quizzes that , and `` open-book '' tests was quite a culture shock for me during my us exchange too . 
  i had n't seen a multiple-choice test since elementary school . 
  and then of course there was the fact that our school exchange was one-directional as ( and this was told to us ) the american teenagers , even the ones taking german lessons , did not believe there could be anything interesting enough in germany to warrant traveling there . 
  of course once we arrived , we found that they did n't think we had electricity/computers/cars / indoor plumbing , so maybe that was the reason . 
  of course english and german ( and french and latin ) were taught in separate classes , and by separate teachers who are qualified for the subject in questions . 
  and of course you have n't `` learned enough about german '' by the time you start english lessons , which in our case was in fifth grade , but now is even earlier . 
  we read literature that became more complex , both language-wise and regarding the concepts included , in german classes . 
  we were taught how to write various types of texts , structure arguments , deal with reading and analysing complex texts , poetry , theatre plays ... 
  the fact that we also had english/french/latin lesson did n't have any more to do with that than the fact that we had chemistry lessons . 
  schools here do n't go `` oh , you 're out of elementary school , you now have learned all you need to know about your native language and its literature '' . 
  and while foreign languages are mandatory to learn , german is n't only mandatory - having insufficient german skills will hit you in most other subjects too . 
  if you do n't know how to structure a text , any type of `` analyse this source and put it into relation with what you 've learned so far '' essay question in history/civics/biology etc. 
  will not work out well . 
   the perception i have is that typically people began learning a foreign language , usually , english , some time in the middle of their schooling and continue their language studies skills in those fields as opposed to keeping a focus on your native language . 
  you know , those things are n't actually mutually exclusive . 
  we have german lessons here throughout our schooling , and in some states taking german as a subject in the final school exams is mandatory . 
  we had one in / r/germany who described interactions with a `` girl '' including `` doing kino '' ( that is touching her which supposedly makes women willing to sex you ) , and thought german `` girls '' were somehow malfunctioning because he did n't get sex . 
  he got really , really angry at one of the mods ( a woman ) and myself ( another one ) when we told him that that 's not how women work . 
  quite funny when advice boils down to `` women are people '' is replied to with sexist slurs . 
   - what kind of game your country 's women respond to ? 
  treating us like people with their individual preferences and character traits tends to promise more success than some sort of `` game '' . 
  but of course that works better if you think women are actually human beings like yourself , rather than npcs in a computer game that give out sex after you input the correct interactions x times . 
  that is something those `` pickup artists '' seem to have some difficulty with . 
  no , they did mean it in a `` does it still fulfill its function of closing people in '' sort of way . 
  hm , there are places like cologne where they stock up on collapsible walls and put them up in spring . 
  but that 's due to flooding . 
  `` is the berlin wall still standing ? '', 
  questions were quite interesting too ( i think it must have been '98 when we went ) . 
  did n't your us embassy put a note on its website back then saying basically `` pls stop hate messages , it was n't us ! '', 
  or similar ? 
  whistling . 
  especially that weird through the teeth whistling . 
  hearing people do that makes my skin want to peel off . 
  for one thing , this is / r/askeurope . 
  imagine us going into / r/askanamerican and schooling people there about americans . 
  who approaches whom is governed by `` phsiology '' ? 
  looking down at myself , i definitely seem to have legs , and i also have a mouth . 
  therefore i am perfectly able to approach men and talk to them . 
  i do n't know if that 's possible to grasp for you , but `` the germans '' actually have zero interest in `` ruling the world '' . 
  what would be the advantage of doing it ? 
   which yuropean country are you from my money is on poland . 
  i 've read quite a bit of this sort of thing by polish people on reddit recently . 
  apparently any and all economic and other issues currently plaguing poland are caused by us , in an attempt to finally subjugate them . 
  oh , good point . 
  really , the thought that there might be places where there is n't one of these in every kitchen had n't occurred to me before i read online how they apparently were a novelty to people from some countries . 
  it 's just one of those things everyone has . 
  copied this from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_most_common_surnames_in_germany ) : 1 . 
  m\u00fcller , occupation ( miller ) 1 . 
  schmidt , occupation ( smith ) ( all homophones combined would rank first ) 1 . 
  schneider , occupation ( tailor ) 1 . 
  fischer , occupation ( fisherman ) 1 . 
  weber , occupation ( weaver ) 1 . 
  meyer occupation ( originally a manorial landlord , later a self-employed farmer ) ( all homophones combined would rank second ) 1 . 
  wagner , occupation ( wainwright ) 1 . 
  becker , occupation ( baker ) 1 . 
  schulz , occupation ( medieval sheriff ) 1 . 
  hoffmann , occupation ( steward or courtier ) lots more in the wikipedia article , up to number 100 . 
  the first one that 's not an occupation or someone 's rank is number 15 , `` klein '' ( short/small ) . 
  my own last name is very rare , with probably around 100 people having it ( all obviously related to me in some way ) . 
  it has an unclear etymology , but might be related to other , slightly more common names with quite different spellings . 
  my father believes it goes back to a medieval latin term , again describing someone 's station in life . 
  fast , easy to pour from , can be used even in rooms where there is no stove ... 
  chinese , not japanese . 
  they did it in front of the reichstag , where there 's lots of people , where there 's probably police , and which is a historically important site - all around , an extremely stupid idea . 
  they were not `` arrested '' as in imprisoned . 
  they were taken to the police station to have their personal information noted down , perhaps also to make a statement . 
  then they had to pay a deposit of 500 euro . 
  that 's a common practise when tourists are picked up for minor offenses like drunk fights : they have to pay a security of the approximate sum they will likely be fined . 
  in a case such as this , a person will get a letter from the prosecutor telling them to pay a fine , and if they choose to dispute that , they can go to court . 
  if they 're convicted there , they will pay more , as the cost of the court proceedings plus their own lawyer is added ( if they get off , the state pays all that ) . 
  either way , that deposit is taken from foreigners because it 's assumed that they 're probably not going to be in the country when the proceedings continue , so money is taken off them right away . 
  it 's the same for speeding tickets : germans get a letter in the mail at a later time , foreigners pay on the spot . 
  a german in the same situation would be taken to the police station too , but would not have to pay the deposit , as it would be assumed that they would n't go underground over a fine a few hundred euro and will be available to the prosecutor . 
  as for this being `` normal '' : yes , if you do that in front of a police officer who is not busy with something more critical , you are going to be picked up , because it 's actually illegal . 
  if you do it without police present and someone else calls police on you , they 'll pick you up too . 
   after all , they neither know nor care about europe . 
  we serve as a proxy for their own agenda , and that pisses me off . 
  that 's why i tend to go off at the ones who pretend to be worried about `` our women '' ( i.e. 
  german/other white men 's property ) supposedly being raped . 
  they pretend to care about women , but in reality we 're just a possession in their ideology . 
  and their worry for women goes out of the window quite quickly when , say , you ask them about their president 's track record re : sexual assault , or really when any reference is made to rape/sexual assault by men who are not brown . 
   `` germans sound so angry , and they 're always shouting ! '', 
  because obviously hitler speeches and perhaps movies with ss officers shouting `` schnell , schnell ! '', 
  at people are a grand representation of how an entire language sounds . 
  give it a few hours . 
  it 's morning yet over there . 
  they appear to have some heavily fetishised version of europe in their heads , where all countries were 100 percent `` white '' until last year . 
  they tend not to know/believe that many countries have significant immigrant populations that go decades back ( one i was arguing with was utterly incredulous when i informed him that we have a few million people of turkish origin who have been here for two to three generations now ) . 
  if you poke the ones who are focused on germany ( often because of `` heritage '' ) long enough with suggestive questions , you can often get them to say something along the lines of wanting back the german attitudes of the nazi era , or that the nazi crimes were n't as bad as the `` white genocide '' happening today . 
  usually they have n't ever seen the countries they want to `` save '' , do n't speak the language , and have no concept of today 's culture . 
  i had one telling me how awful the presence of foreigners was here even in issues that most people would think advantageous such as interesting foods . 
  he said , `` and now you eat kebab instead of lebkuchen and spaetzle and do n't even realise how your culture is being destroyed ! '', 
  then i informed him that neither lebkuchen nor sp\u00e4tzle are native to the region i come from , that german food is very regional and at the same time full of foreign influence , and asked him what `` german food '' we should go back to . 
  what about potatoes , which are a clich\u00e9 german item ? 
  at that point he deleted his comments .
