  ) , and that the only people who 'd call , say , j\u00e9r\u00f4me boateng `` mixed-race '' are ones you would n't want to interact with . 
  he 's a german whose father happens to be from ghana . 
  and the differences between him and me of upbringing , education , and current lifestyle vastly outweigh those of `` race '' . 
  i think all those `` armed and angry civilians '' seriously over-estimate how awesome a guerilla force they 'd be once a foreign military ( assuming it could land ) held the supply lines and the nearest walmart and made going everywhere by car impossible . 
  i 've seen serious , `` look at that weird thing they have in [ x foreign country ] '' documentaries filmed in the us where doctors go into a remote area and provide free consultation to poor people , things like them pulling out teeth that could have been treated if people had been to a dentist earlier , or trying to do something about simple injuries that did n't heal properly because they could n't afford a doctor . 
  those things are completely unimaginable for people here , and not something most would imagine even being possible in such a rich country . 
  football is holding every else back , really . 
  almost 7 million people are members of football clubs that are part of our fa . 
  some places have a strong secondary sport , particularly if they have a team in the national team , but there rugby comes after quite a few others ( handball , ice hockey , field hockey , basketball , or individual sports like wintersports where it 's regionally possible ) . 
  and they threatened the lives of [ church employees who rang church bells ] ( http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/das-muss-konsequenzen-haben-glockengelaeut-stoerte-pegida-anhaenger-bedrohen-kirchenmitarbeiter-mit-dem-tod_id_4600729.html ) and drowned out one of their rallies . 
  they usually tend not to go along well with the actual churches . 
  it should be noted though that neither of those denominations teaches a literal interpretation of the bible , rejects the theory of evolution , or objects to the teaching of science classes in school . 
  but trump is supposed to be a the best businessman ever , doing international business constantly !, 
  that 's like a plumber not knowing which pipe is which . 
  anything by [ loriot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vicco_von_b%c3%bclow ) . 
  he was a `` comedian '' ( not really a good word i guess ) who played very much on the stereotypes of german middle-class life , what was expected of people in work and domestic life , and drew it into the absurd . 
  there are scenes , quotes ( `` da hat man was eigenes '' , `` lassen sie doch mal das kind nach vorne '' and and many many more ) that germans of at least three generations recognise now . 
  he is a supposedly great business tycoon who had to call one of his advisers ( not even the economic one ! ), 
  at three in the morning to ask him * whether a strong or a weak dollar was good for the damn economy * . 
  i mean , damn , i have plenty of disagreements with my country 's head of government , but she has a physics phd , can speak in full sentences , and probably could explain what uranium is all about in more than `` good and bad '' kindergarten language . 
  eta : that information about his iq : who provided it ? 
  let me guess , it 's a man with very , very , tremendously big hands ? 
  oh , i do n't doubt that , but it 's not as if the afd was in any way pro-women . 
  apart from political incompatibilities , being a woman i 'm not going to shoot myself in the foot like that . 
  well , the man elected recently as our president called trump a hate preacher , so there 's that . 
  as you say `` here in germany '' - is your mother here too ? 
  if so , you could acquaint her with what sources of that nature say about * this country * and ask her if it 's a reasonable description of her own daily life . 
  it looks to me as if the laws are enforced more nowadays - when i was a teenager , all three age limits were most certainly broken , regularly and with impunity . 
  all in all i find the laws reasonable . 
  it 's better for young people to learn how to handle alcohol in company and safely , than for them to suddenly have unlimited access at some point and totally overestimate their capabilities . 
  forbidding it totally and make it an `` adult '' , slightly dirty , alluring secret makes it really desirable and can lead to irresponsible use once they get access to it . 
  that regularly happened in my school with exchange students from one particular country ; at least one ended up hospitalised each year . 
  it makes me cringe in secondhand embarrassment to about the same degree as the way their tv stations comment on their inauguration ceremony . 
  they tend to go on about the us being the only country in which power is handed over in a democratic , peaceful and dignified process . 
  not sure what they think the rest of us do instead . 
  as i was in elementary school before that , i had no opinion on it . 
  i remember that when i was very young i thought that foreign languages were just like secret codes in detective books and such , where once you know which letter replaces which other letter you can simply read everything . 
  rather disappointingly , it did not turn out to be like that . 
  ah , the unspecified `` metabolic issues '' he 's been having . 
  yes , truly a matter to shake the nation . 
  if you think that the current big german churches do n't acknowledge their part in the nazi rule , you might want to educate yourself a little . 
  they let themselves be instrumentalised by the nazis , yes , and the nazis did so because they wanted access to those segments of the population that could be gotten to that way . 
  but that does n't mean that , had they won the war , the nazis would n't eventually have tried to get rid of them too . 
  the nazis were n't precisely the most honest and reliable of allies . 
  please tell me where i said  mein kampf not real , gott mitt uns not real , reichskonkordat not real the source i linked is * not * religious in nature , and it does not say that there was no christian involvement , it just says that some of the nazi greats * were * obsessed with those other things . 
  and that continues with some of today 's neo-nazis , such as those `` germanische neue medizin '' nutters . 
  ah , that 's a bit complex . 
  fonts like these have been used a long time , and many older books are printed in them . 
  modern germans often can not read them , which is a pity . 
  there was an actual [ long-running argument ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antiqua%e2%80%93fraktur_dispute ) on whether to use them or others . 
  hitler was totally against them and called them `` schwabach jew letters '' . 
  however , nowadays these scripts are indeed used by neo-nazis ( not exclusively though ) because they apparently look `` traditionally german '' or whatever . 
  that does n't mean that any use of these letters is automatically suspect , it 's very context-dependent . 
  the term `` gothic letters '' can mean several things - mind linking me which one you mean ? 
  but of course !, 
  i 've only some small ones because i mostly have a 1960s/1970s shelving system from my parents , but my parents nowadays have white billy shelves on practically all their walls . 
   apparently it is better than bottled water since quality is constantly monitored * by municipal waterworks . 
  that , but also the limits of how much of each potentially harmful substance may be in the water are a lot lower than on bottled water . 
  tap water is our most tightly controlled food item . 
  i 'm settled nowadays and have a big flat with a study ; i had a lot less space and furniture as a student . 
  i 'm not planning to move again very soon , possibly until the hopefully far-off day when i have to figure out what to do with my parents ' house . 
  so now i have everything on the range from family-passed-down 19th century dining furniture to ikea billy bookshelves . 
  most complex item to transport is my piano . 
  then your tattoo says  heil !, 
  well , for starters i have no idea what 's going on , and it is a lot less obvious than in other team sports that i do n't regularly watch - even when you do n't know a sport 's exact rules for fouls or when the ball leaves the field or whatever , `` both teams try to get the ball into the opposing goal/net/hoop '' usually helps you to at least see who 's doing better and why , or to recognise when something is a very nice attacking move . 
  from my totally uneducated point of view , it 's very many padded big men crashing into each other , because i just do n't see the things you are seeing because you know what 's happening . 
  then there 's the many interruptions . 
  i believe the actual playing time is very short compared to how long the whole event takes . 
  it 's so much stop-and-go , interrupted by ads , that it gets a bit tiring . 
  in contrast , while a european football match does come with interruptions due to fouls , those are very short unless someone is being treated , and the clock continues to run down . 
  i do admit that a lot of that is simply to do with what i 'm used to - the first football i can remember watching is the 1990 world cup , when i was eight and it was very exciting because we won . 
  i 'm sure an american who has been watching american football for that long has a completely different perspective on the both sports . 
  and , as i said , the things surrounding matches , the in-your-face `` patriotism '' and so on , are odd from my perspective . 
  no , [ sections of the nazi leadership ] ( http://www.netz-gegen-nazis.de/artikel/okkultismus-bei-den-nazis ) , people like rosenberg for instance , were very much into occultism or `` pre-christian '' things that they considered the `` natural '' religion for the german people , i.e. 
  the nordic pagan gods . 
  christianity was `` weak '' ( that pesky stuff about loving one 's enemies ) , and it had those embarrassing links to judaism . 
  that did n't mean they did n't use the christian churches and those parts of them that were willing collaborators in order to appeal to christians , but in the end , some of the leading ideologues wanted to replace it with other religious/occult practices . 
  the original nazis did use them , see the ss runes - it tied in with their obsession with making up links to `` nordic '' tradition and religion . 
  and in today 's germany , runes are among the things these people use to have `` see , we 're not using a swastika ! '', 
  deniability . 
  i like runes too - there 's something [ visually very attractive ] ( http://hannahjanewrites.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/thehobbit_oldcover.jpg ) about them . 
   personnally i would like to get tattoed nordic runes not because i 'm from there but because i like calligraphy . 
  i 'd be careful where you put them if you travel in europe though , as from the comments here germany is n't the only country where that sort of thing is often worn by neo-nazis . 
  even if you do watch tv , you 're going to have to hit the highly regulated nightly timeslot for election ads to see one . 
  and of course , that can be quite fun if you happen to catch a spot from one of the crackpot parties with no budget . 
   also , what tattoos would someone get that represent the country/heritage you are from ? 
  for germany : do n't . 
  really , do n't . 
  not even if 23andme told you that you 're 45/64 german . 
   albania  3rd world the concept that people there were mocking you can not be that hard to grasp , surely ? 
  apart from that , as you talk about `` moving to europe '' - how are you planning on doing so ? 
  are you aware that you can not just `` move here '' , even as an american from a rich first-world country who wants to buy a woman from a poorer one ? 
  none of the latter is considered a marketable skill for a visa/work permit . 
  those polls in germany are done continually , even when there is no campaigning going on , say shortly after an election . 
  they 're not directly about campaigning , more about tracing the mood of the electorate . 
  and while they may appear in the media , it 's not as if you were constantly spammed with them . 
  it 's like us media reporting on presidents ' approval rating , only with less drama . 
  even during the last few weeks before the election , when the campaigning starts , it 's all very lowkey compared to , say , the us . 
  few leaflets in the mailbox , no people ringing at your door , extremely limited tv ads - it 's quite bearable . 
  the whole process of industries changing reached its climax quite some time back , though , and i do n't think it was ever as bad as in the video op linked .
