  not sure where they live now , but according to the crazy lady 's facebook page they 're still in russia . 
  you could have asked this in r/munich / , you know . 
  somehow i doubt most of the european continent knows any more about car rentals in one city than you do . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slssjdua3te ) 's how that looks in germany 's biggest stadium , with a song that both the home and the guest team regularly sing . 
  note how little of that is organised , uniformed etc. 
  from outside ( and the singing gets better once they finally turn the loudspeaker down ) . 
  and [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j72tbjgnlxi ) 's the reverse from anfield , with more subtle loudspeaker action . 
  note the utter absence of any organised , uniformed shenanigans on the pitch . 
  you may certainly get into a situation where you buy some books , such as an `` introduction to [ whatever ] '' , or recommended standard volumes that you will consult all the time in your personal research . 
  but everything will be in the university/faculty libraries so if you really want to , you can copy/scan things . 
  if individual texts from journals etc. 
  are to be read , the professor might share out photocopies for everyone . 
  scenarios like i 've seen online from us universities where people are required to buy absurdly expensive `` textbooks '' written by the professor who teaches the class would n't arise . 
  it seems like a shakedown to me ; also , at least in the humanities i 'm experienced in , you do n't work from one `` textbook '' but rather read sources and articles from all over the place . 
  no one could buy all of those . 
  the thing is that here in germany at least , that sort of thing simply is n't the university 's * business * . 
  it has nothing to do with what universities are supposed to do - they could just as well try to run a profitable tropical island resort or whatever . 
  even colleges for sports science or whatever do n't do that sort of thing . 
  sports facilities in normal universities serve to run sports courses/teams for the average student to socialise and keep fit , and facilities in sports-related colleges serve to train everyone there and conduct sports-related research . 
  you ca n't get university access based on sports performance here either . 
  of course . 
  also , each and everyone of them will be given / r/600euro a week . 
  the point is , though , that a coptic church * is not actually a mosque * . 
  do n't know that i 've ever consciously noticed one ( that goes for the whole country ) . 
  mind , people who 're racist and/or xenophobic tend to pay no great attention to who is who anyway . 
  in my parents ' wider region , there were plans for building a koptic church ( i think it was koptic , it was definitely a christian church of some `` foreign '' denomination ) . 
  from what my parents said , there were people frothing at the mouth , in the media and everything , about building mosques . 
  locally , yes , such as having people vote on individual projects . 
  apart from that , no thanks . 
  switzerland 's system did n't work very well for a very long time for half the population . 
  oh , i remember that one . 
  it was utterly bizarre . 
   red solo cups i googled that , and we are ... jealous of plastic cups ? 
  you 're underestimating our tech level a bit . 
  apart from that , we 're rather about avoiding pointless waste here . 
  dunno , there 's , judging from the covers i see , a lot about caroline of whatshername and ernst august . 
  they do feature in gossip magazines still , and when there are `` royal events '' abroad , our tv commentators are besides themselves with joy upon spotting them . 
  i actually once wrote an annoyed email to the zdf about that . 
  apart from that , some of them are quite rich ; but i read an article about how many of the small ones are struggling if they held on to some of their family estates : not much money to be made from owning land and forests any more if you can not oppress the peasants , and maintaining historic buildings takes everything they make . 
  plenty of them just live like normal farmers mostly , it seems . 
  oh , i remember an animal that even many people here do n't know exists : there are [ black storks ] ( https://www.google.de/search?tbm=isch&amp;q=schwarzstorch&amp;tbs=imgo:1&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=bguowdremohpuksho5gf ) living in some of our forests . 
  oh , good point !, 
  i do n't think we 've had boar-related deaths , but they are indeed dangerous . 
  i 'd stay well away from mothers with piglets ( and oh , those piglets are adorable , all stripey and with little tails !, 
  ) , at least . 
  and there was an incident where a male boar ran into a kindergarten through the porch door , spread a bit of terror , and went off again . 
  the cow incidents seem to mostly have had to do with dogs : someone crosses a cow pasture with their dog , the dog goes after the cows or vice-versa , and when the dog 's owner tries to save the dog , trampling ensues . 
  as for dangerous ( even if they 're not wildlife ) , several people have been killed here in germany by cows over the last years . 
  when i first started to be consciously exposed to american accents ( when we were watching movies in english classes ) , i could n't understand a word people were saying . 
  we were taught some form of what i guess is called received pronunciation in class . 
  i did work , but it was skilled , art-related work for which i received the same amount of money as an adult would have . 
  i made enough to tell my parents that i 'd no longer need pocket money from them . 
  however , it was * not * 20 hours a week , and it fit in with my preparations for what i was planning to do study-wise . 
  i can not see how anyone here in germany could work twenty hours a week while attending school , especially not while attending gymnasium ( the highest tier of our school system ) . 
  depending on how much study time at home they needed and how much school attendance their particular state demanded of them , you 'd be looking at ... what , 60-hour weeks ? 
  full-time in germany is 39 or 40 hours for working adults . 
  and it would cut extremely into most people 's school performance . 
  and as university admittance here is based on successfully graduating gymnasium , while admittance into high-demand courses is based on the average mark of the final diploma , graduating with a suboptimal mark or worse not getting that diploma at all would permanently alter someone 's course in life . 
  there * are * teenagers here who actually work ; they do apprenticeships in our system which trains them partly in special schools , partly with a specific employer . 
  but that 's something else again . 
  if by `` fairly well '' , you mean `` can read so i understand the main points of something , or make out something of what 's being said '' , then in descending orders it 's probably ... dutch , italian ( did a short course years back but do n't actually speak it ) , spanish , portuguese , scandinavian languages . 
  i 'm not sure how often i 've watched those `` best of gysi/lammert '' videos now . 
  the two should do a kabarett tour when they 're both retired . 
  silly you , it 's gmbh . 
  without any official qualifications or adult working experience ? 
  / sings `` ohne holland '' , very very quietly . 
  where in the country of europe ? 
  what language do you want to study in ? 
  people are mocking de maizi\u00e8re 's stupidity because he came up with an absolutely arbitrary laundry list , some items of which are downright * bizarre * , to define `` german culture '' . 
  seriously , `` we shake people 's hands '' is a german value that defines this country ? 
  you ca n't break down cultural identity to laundry lists . 
   exists as a puppet state until the 90 's seriously ? 
  considering french-german history and the multiple wars we 've had , you seriously ca n't see why people on one side might feel ... uneasy to see hatred stoked on the other side ? 
  which is highly ironic considering that west german people who were able to travel to the east during the german separation supposedly encountered certain buildings there in front of which people did n't dare to talk out loud . 
  but of course it 's entirely different when our american friends do it . 
   would the incident be ignored as just some dumb thing ? 
  the thing is that many people here prefer our leaders to be non-dumb . 
  i have n't ever voted for her party and i do n't agree with plenty of things her government does , but i still feel reassured that she 's an educated , intelligent person with an understanding of science etc. , and thinks before opening her mouth . 
  especially since nowadays we can admire governments whose heads are ... different . 
  not quite sure when it was , but i had the same `` lorry '' experience . 
  i was so tired though that i did n't even think of it being an earthquake , i only realised that from the news the next day . 
  i 've also managed to sleep through at least one similar-strength one that woke other people up . 
  with a bit of looking , 50 square meters might probably be doable . 
  buy ? 
  that would be hard for someone without any capital to put up , or with an employment situation that is too precarious for a loan . 
  but our legal protections for tenants are so strong that renting is the preferred and safer option for plenty of people , including ones with very good salaries . 
  in my country at least , there is a rather obvious reason why more time is spent in schools on the holocaust than on the genocide of native americans ( although we at least covered that too ) . 
  if the us do n't teach about what they did to the native americans , that 's neither our fault nor our problem to solve . 
  mhm , i 've seen guides online for us people on how to `` build their score '' , involving things like taking credit cards they would n't normally need , using them to pay for things , and then paying off that debt , just to `` generate a score '' - that 's not done here in germany at least . 
  what you should not have here are * bad * entries , for the most part . 
  psst , your circonflexe has disappeared because it auto-formats on reddit . 
  here , have one : ^ also , you have the what-do-you-call-it in `` gar\u00e7on '' !, 
  plus some of the french accent marks in loanwords , such as `` caf\u00e9 '' or `` cr\u00e8me l\u00e9g\u00e8re '' . 
  of course people do n't always use them right , so you can see things like caf\u00e8 or cafe ' on occasion . 
  13 or 14 , i guess . 
  i know this post has a `` serious '' tag , but ... are you serious , or are you trolling ? 
  hooray , school-prison-industry complex . 
   europe is not an open society fairly ironic comment to make in a post where americans tell us about `` hall passes '' and not being allowed to leave the school building . 
  i think there can be metal detectors and police officers too , right ? 
  that sounds like prison .
