  but while those people are certainly allowed to root for their team , they comment on all matches and are there for their expertise . 
  lower-league matches are shown on regional tv stations . 
  but as those stations cover more than one city , usually one or two states , there is n't just one team playing there . 
  clothes , clean and without holes . 
  i have concerts ( classical ) occasionally , and there i wear the usual black etc. 
  clothing . 
  there is no `` dress code '' written down anywhere , it 's just what one does . 
  no , i live alone . 
  i go to visit them very rarely ( damn , ca n't even remember precisely the last time ) , as it 's a bit difficult time-wise . 
  but i try to phone them every day , ever since my aunt ( younger than my mother ) died . 
  i 've recently moved somewhere that 's closer to where they live - just so that it 's now doable to go there and back in one day without spending too much time on the drive compared to actually there . 
  so they 've been here twice or so together , and my father has been coming a few times on his own to help me with moving-related things . 
  well , i 'd say certain things are locally popular ( say i know a group of people from bonn who 're really into basketball , or people who are much into handball ) , but overall you 're of course right . 
  haha , snooker is on german-language eurosport regularly with a commentator who really loves the sport , and i 'm sure i 'm not the only person who 's spent hours watching it . 
  something practically hypnotic about it . 
  `` significantly '' ? 
  the tv station that transmitted it tried to hype that final thing as `` the biggest match on the planet !!!! '', 
  with us-style megalomaniacal graphics , and it was just cringy . 
  the biggest match on the planet from a german point of view was played in summer 2014 in brazil , and the next will be in summer 2018 . 
  i 've never talked to anyone who mentioned watching american football ; even old ladies who 've never in their life been in a football stadium watch the world cup final , at least if we 're in it . 
  there are probably matches of american football played * somewhere * , but so are matches of various kinds of other sports , which may actually attract audiences . 
  but i 'd not have any desire to watch an american football match . 
  i 've tried watching one on tv , but 1 ) i had no clue what was going on , 2 ) it seemed to consist mostly of statistics and ads , 3 ) very little was happening on the field , and 4 ) what happened was n't nice to look at . 
  it 's just what you grow up with . 
  practically every german child will have played football with jackets or schoolbags as goal posts , and in school . 
  schools also teach other sports that some people will end up pursuing , but not american football . 
  the gear alone ... 
  aaa-teeem-looos ... 
  yes . 
  some time back , i saw a monument somewhere near the rhine with all the dates when we fought france , and it hit me how my father 's generation was the first in a long while that did not go to france for war , but because ( in his case ) they liked the french language and culture . 
  nowadays the idea of having a war with france seems totally unimaginable , while for a long time before that , it was something everybody knew they would eventually get around to ... again . 
  both grandfathers were conscripted , both were wounded , both died before i was born . 
  my grandmother 's young brother died in the allied pov camp on the rheinwiesen . 
  full shakira law !, 
  i would n't recognise any of those cars if i saw it . 
  do n't even know what the logos looks like . 
  mostly my reaction would be a speculation on what the owner is trying to compensate for . 
   that just does n't happen in europe or at least it did n't before the rise of isis what on earth are you on about ? 
  right now , there is a man going on trial for attempted murder police officers . 
  he 's not an is terrorist , he 's a so-called `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' , our particular version of nutjobs who think our current state does n't exist . 
  he repeatedly prevented bailiffs from entering his house , which he 'd lost the rights to , and in the last instance there was a large group of his supporters there , they were faced by riot police , he shot at them , police shot back and wounded him . 
  that man is a 100 percent `` ethnic german '' . 
  frankly , it 's bizarre how foreigners seem to think that before the arrival of is , this was some crime-free utopia . 
  and , of course , that even in your enumeration of other ethnicities that would not risk being shot at by police , germans do n't feature at all . 
  this might shock you , but yes , germans , even white ones , commit violent crimes . 
  all of that * still * does n't mean that our police is going to start willy-nilly shoot people reaching for their wallets , or caregivers of mentally disabled people sitting/laying down in the street . 
  here , this sort of thing is actually investigated , not shrugged off as `` collateral damage '' . 
  you missed the point there a bit . 
  the point is that unless both you ( as in the generic foreigner ) and the german you talk to are somewhere in your 90s , it 's not your place to `` forgive '' anything . 
  also , the way we deal with this aspect of our history is quite complex and unique to our country . 
  telling us to just forget about it is n't appropriate either . 
  i like a nice sp\u00e4tburgunder from baden . 
  there was a phase where i drank sp\u00e4tburgunder wei\u00dfherbst ( which is a ros\u00e9 ) , but nowadays i prefer a red . 
  that one looks like a troll who came here quite a few times . 
  it had some bizarre fantasies that just because europeans can see plenty of things not working well in the us , the logical consequence would clearly have to be we 'd either want to kill them all , or give them all political asylum . 
  it actually looked like some us `` patriot '' in disguise trying to point out how we were supposedly dishonest for not doing these things even though we criticised them . 
  people have strange hobbies . 
  you realise you just replied to a french person ? 
  remember paris and nice ? 
  isis is n't just something that affects us people . 
   being forced to select the correct gear hours each day , without the reward of a pleasure drive , is a big negative . 
  it 's not as if it 's a big `` ooh , what gear do i choose now '' sort of mystery . 
  and i guarantee you that people here are also able to listen to the radio while shifting gears . 
  also , many people here commute by car too , in more rural areas especially . 
  three times or so for noise complaints / a group of people outside being very loud and sounding as if they were fighting / a drunk neighbour going up the stairs shouting incoherently and beating at all the doors early in the morning . 
  i also went to the local police station a few times to report theft / a car break-in , and once to the criminal police department to try and identify an exhibitionist . 
  the last time i called them was a few months back , when an old man who looked like he was either homeless or escaped from some institution was trying to get people to take him somewhere in their car . 
  as he was stepping into the road and trying to bang on car windows , he was endangering both himself and other people . 
  when i called the police station , the officer could tell pretty quickly what man i was talking about ( a local feature , seemingly ) , and said they 'd go talk to him . 
  all my interactions with police have been very polite and professional , and they have a good reputation . 
  for instance , i had no qualms calling them on the old man as i knew there was no need to fear they 'd do something to harm him . 
  i 've very good teeth naturally so i can take that risk . 
  i 'll keep democracy , thanks . 
  i 've never said that out loud . 
  i think they 're still marching regularly in dresden , yes , but otherwise they 're not doing that much any more . 
  somehow the poor things had to find that they did n't actually represent some supposed silent majority . 
  well , in case of pegida , its former leader had quite a career as a burglar , drug dealer , and in physically attacking people . 
  he fled prosecution to south africa too , so he knows all about refugees . 
  he was probably worried about `` criminal foreigners '' `` taking his job '' in the most literal sense . 
  whoops , now i feel slightly guilty buying a book about it last week . 
  but in my defense , it was written by a danish person , and also it has information on places to visit in denmark , food and such ( going to denmark in late autumn ) . 
  i guess the way `` hygge '' is currently being hyped is similar to certain german concepts , such as `` gem\u00fctlichkeit '' , supposedly being `` untranslatable '' ? 
   `` what 's your opinion of [ thing most people have never heared of ] '' should always include a short 1-2 sentences definition of the thing , possibly a link . 
  along with that , a rule to , for god 's sake , * spell out your damn abbreviations * . 
  even people who 're fluent in english might not know this or that abbreviation that 's used casually or denotes something specific to ~ ~ the us ~ ~ one country . 
  [ this gentleman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marcus_junkelmann ) ( though i remember him looking younger ) and his soldier groups have been regularly featured in tv programs on how the romans did things for ages and ages . 
  if you 're operating from the standard us assumption that `` guns are banned '' in germany , that 's not actually the case . 
  there are , what was it , 5 million legal firearms here ( and probably more illegal ones ) . 
  in a special room in the basement , where the people from each flat in the house ( there are three ) keep their own washing machine and dryer . 
  it 's quieter having them down there , there are special electrical/water fixtures for them , and if something breaks , there will be less damage than if water drips down from one flat into the one below . 
  i have the one with the glass bottles - quite happy with it . 
  we used to have one with those big plastic bottles when i was a child . 
  it worked well too , but the bottles were really ugly . 
  there are devices for that !, 
  ( seriously , i own one , and it 's really great to choose the degree of carbonation and all ), 
  many people not drinking tap water . 
  it 's safer and more highly regulated than bottled water , still people pay considerable amounts of money to lug home bottles of something that they have running out of the tap for a fraction of the price . 
  german native , english fluent , french used to be intermediate , but is rusty now . 
  i also took the `` official '' latin exam in school , but ca n't really translate anything . 
  then i know some italian , and am currently trying to acquire some basic danish because i 'm going there on holiday in autumn .
