  and it 's practical anyway . 
  it tends to backfire on / r/germany too . 
  but people there are generally simply grumpy and tell the posters off , rather than investing the time for creative photoshops . 
  it 's very good as a base for the fruit liqueurs my mother makes ( by putting fruit , spices and rock sugar in and letting it rest for some weeks ) . 
  some people use cheap high-alcohol-content stuff , but there 's definitely a difference if the base has some quality in itself . 
  these music schools exist here too , but they cost more to attend . 
  it 's the same in germany : `` hockey '' is field hockey , `` eishockey '' is ice hockey . 
  ah , i 've seen the first one before . 
  he 's downright adorable , particularly when he reaches the `` b\u00fc-b\u00fc-b\u00fc-b\u00fcndnerfleisch '' part . 
  the second one reminds me a bit , though in a different language , of oettinger [ trying to speak english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rreq8ovw-q ) . 
  helmut kohl [ tried to get physical with protestors who were throwing eggs at him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbbuj_vra-y ) . 
  his advisers hilariously tried to spin it as him being eager to greet people at the rope line . 
  he 's looking friendly , is n't he ? 
  month . 
  it 's monthly in the salary tables too . 
  and the yearly amount is n't precisely 12 times the monthly , what with what we call `` christmas money '' . 
  i studied music , because i like making music and teaching people . 
  surprised me too when i read it - it sounded almost too advanced . 
  dna . 
   currently the state replaces all sheep who get killed by wolves , however i do n't know how many hoops they have to jump through to prove it was actually a wolf . 
  yes , they do tests . 
  quite a lot of those `` wolves '' turn out to have been dogs ( they do n't get money for dog kills , so naturally they try to claim wolf kills whenever possible ) . 
  part of my family probably lived in the netherlands a few centuries back , others came from east prussia , but neither of that matters in the least to me or anyone else . 
  well , yes , that should go without saying . 
  education in germany is open to * anyone * , not just americans . 
  i 've encountered a few us people who think they 're somehow special , and being american they should have the red carpet rolled out for them , but what reason would there be to `` market visas '' to americans as opposed to people from any other non-eu nations ? 
  i think it 's not sir humphrey , it 's an expert with a funny accent . 
  to add to that , wwi is n't much on people 's minds , i 'd say . 
  it 's overshadowed by the next one because that was not `` only '' a war , but associated with a whole truckload of other horrible things and a dictatorship that wormed itself into even the smallest aspects of society and affected everyone , not just the people that were killed . 
  while i know that foreigners use `` wwii '' to describe the nazi crimes , there were actually six years before that that were also rather awful . 
  you ca n't separate the war from everything else the nazis did . 
  i love france , so i 'd like to go there . 
  i 'd need to revive my french though . 
  ireland was nice too , though , and my english is fluent . 
  so either of those . 
  that 's also how it 's translated in german . 
  i learned about kronen and \u00d6re from astrid lindgren . 
  did they watch vikings , perhaps ? 
  quite nice mountains and fjords in that one , and of course all of scandinavia is one identical country . 
  in germany it 's very unusual even in new and expensive private homes . 
  there 's really no perceived need for it : it 's mostly not that hot , you can open windows ( and should do so anyway regularly ) , ac is seen as environmentally wasteful , and people mostly invest into passive means of controlling temperature such as insulation . 
  you know , if you go on about terror attacks against the us , i 'm going to avoid you - not because of any us connections , but because i 'm opposed to terrorism * no matter who does it to whom * . 
  what air conditioner ? 
  get up , have breakfast , have a normal day , which in the case of tomorrow is a holiday . 
  as long as they do n't take those , it 's all good . 
  same . 
  either not popular ( bavaria and its de facto state party are a bit of a difficult subject ) , or a butt of jokes . 
  ooh , i had a box of that once . 
  very , very nice . 
  my host family took the car to go to a gas station on the other side of the road and buy cigarettes . 
  trying to teach about the holocaust in an `` unbiased '' , as in , `` i 'm not telling you whether this was a good or bad thing , i 'm just giving you the facts , make up your own mind '' sort of way would be somewhat farcical . 
  there is such a thing as too much forced `` neutrality '' . 
  and that has nothing to do with `` the victors writing history '' or whatever other nonsense , it has to do with pretty much every civilised society agreeing that you ca n't genocide millions of innocent men , women , and children and pretend it 's somehow justifiable if you just look at it from another angle . 
  germany currently has around five percent muslims ( because that 's what those people mean , they are n't talking about greek orthodoxy ) . 
  if you can tell me how they will `` take over '' here , `` enforce their laws '' ( and not all of them * are * devout fundamentalists either ) , or convert a population of 80 million that 's getting more and more secular , i 'm going to buy you a big d\u00f6ner . 
  what * specifically * do those people think will happen ? 
  if immigration made places `` disappear '' , my country at least would have done so a long time ago , at least with the guest workers brought here some decades back . 
  are you aware that immigration is n't something invented during the last three years ? 
  during school exchange to the us , a group of us got talking to an older woman in a supermarket , and she thought we were english . 
  guess our accents sounded posh , rather than ze vay ze nazis speak in ze movies , jawohl !, 
  i seriously doubt that the `` berlin accent '' would be in there ; someone would have noticed , and people would be mocking duolingo for it . 
  i assume you mean `` hochdeutsch '' ? 
  that 's not the berlin dialect . 
  it is very good !, 
  ( seriously , that 's their slogan . 
  about as much content as most other parties ' posters have . ), 
  not really . 
  not going to post my results , but i gave up when i could n't find maryland at all , and at that point the only one i had right with the first try was texas . 
  i 'm not good at the whole `` where is this or that on the map '' or `` identify all the major rivers of germany on this map '' thing , never have been . 
  i like knowing things * about * things , but these sorts of geography things just do n't fix themselves in my mind . 
  i can do the states of my own country , but i have to admit that i ca n't even do all of europe , especially the south-east . 
  at this point i do n't even care . 
  it says more about their level of education and knowledge about the world than about us . 
  environmentally insane to build a city there . 
  is this the narrative where the eu is just a ploy by the evil germans to rule the continent again ? 
  might have to do with the many people who googled `` what is the eu ? '', 
  the day after leaving it , perhaps ? 
  that still amuses me , in a very dark way . 
  i remember two times since i strated to live alone in 2000 . 
  one time was at night , when some sort of local distributor box broke in a way that made one side of the street have electricity , and the other not have it . 
  i simply went to bed , and it was all back the next morning . 
  the other was due to a fire somewhere , and affected a larger area . 
  it was in the middle of the afternoon , so when i went to explore whether it was only my flat or everywhere else , the owners of the surrounding shops were quite irritated at not being able to work . 
  oh , sure . 
  i just think the toddler statistics are more poignant . 
  that 's your problem then , i 'd say , not sweden 's . 
  where do you suggest we emigrate to ? 
  the us ? 
  where you 're likelier to be shot by a toddler than you are to be killed by a terrorist in germany ? 
  well , for starters we 're not supposed to `` pay on nato '' , or `` pay our dues '' . 
  if trump still has n't grasped that , there 's not much we can do except possibly make a sesame street episode about it with puppets and a simple-to-remember song . 
  also it 's not 2020 yet . 
   i 'm no expert on defense , but suddenly increasing the spending is n't as easy as it sounds . 
  it needs a lot of re-structuring . 
  a bit like in one office where i worked , a scholarly institute . 
  towards the end of the year , there was always hurried buying of furniture/office equipment , i assume because that year 's budget needed to be spent to make sure next year 's would n't be smaller . 
  of course you ca n't just go `` oh , let 's buy an aircraft carrier , that 'll sort that out '' the way you can buy a new computer screen for all the offices . 
  it 's a troll , why do you even bother ? 
  the ones who come into / r/germany to ask questions tend to be extremely creepy . 
   unfortunately that was based on a mentality that after the cold war there would be no major existential threats  we have tried the soft-handed measures for 20 years in ( west ) germany , the death penalty was abandoned * in 1949 * .
