  if they 're families , it 's `` they outbreed [ sic ] white people ! '', 
  if they come from a background affluent enough to have , say , a smartphone , they obviously can not have been in enough danger to have to flee ( because a cellphone totally saves you from bombs ) . 
  if they come from a poor background , they 're `` illiterate goat herders who will never be able to integrate '' . 
  and so on . 
  people 's objections to obama , once he actually did things , were political in nature . 
  people 's objections to trump are more of the `` why on earth did they elect that idiot ? '', 
  nature . 
  even people like my father , whose english is n't that good as it 's not his favourite foreign language , can watch trump speak and realise he 's a fool . 
  if a person 's ancestors lived in hamburg for generations , then running around in lederhosen , yodeling , and drinking wei\u00dfbier from `` steins '' makes zero sense . 
  it 's not their ancestors ' `` culture '' , it 's a tired stereotype that their ancestors never lived . 
  there are some regional or even city-wide private tv stations , but i have no idea how they even manage to stay afloat , as i 've never talked to anyone who watches them . 
  they just come up in the automatic station search and are saved in my tv , but i have no idea what they even do . 
  also , he did great comedy performances with gregor gysi , right there in parliament . 
  it 's when they get started on `` being german '' because they have `` german dna '' where we get very twitchy . 
  the thing is , no one has a problem with people being interested in their `` ancestry '' . 
  the problem starts when they come to / r/germany and lecture us about everything we 're doing wrong , claiming expert knowledge because after all they `` are german '' - bonus points if they think that germans should be `` aryan '' , and the country is going downhill through introduction of non-white people . 
  those people generally neither know the language nor have set foot into the country , but still think their `` ancestry '' makes them more germans than a totally integrated immigrant who was born here . 
  i 'm not sure what the press code would even say about sensationalising crime like that . 
  apart from what the others said re : rarity of car chases and lack of helicopters that would go up at a moment 's notice , there 's an element of treating crime ( and a potentially life-threatening situation ) as entertainment that sits uneasy . 
  it 's not the same as what happened in [ gladbeck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gladbeck_hostage_crisis ) , but somehow it feels similar . 
  why would you need to see it ? 
  the people who 're in the traffic jam do n't watch tv ( and get their news from the radio , with locations and estimated delays etc. 
  ) , and for everyone else , seeing video of the usual , daily-repeating traffic jam is not exactly the height of entertainment . 
  well , your post is all over the place with weird assumptions , and also i suspect the post you linked to is rather clueless . 
  germany is not `` opposed to guns '' as such , in fact hunters are among the groups of people who are not only allowed so own them , but also carry them to their hunting place and use them to hunt . 
  we just do n't have a culture of letting people run around armed for reasons of `` self-defense '' . 
  however , hunting is strongly regulated here . 
  it 's bound to specific areas , and specific people have a license to hunt in those area . 
  random people can not just go into the forests and start to kill animals . 
  the reason hunters mostly give to justify hunting is that they need to regulate the population of wildlife whose natural predators were eradicated . 
  that makes it rather strange that hunters are also among the groups most strongly opposed to certain natural predators being reintroduced , to the point of `` accidentally '' shooting wolves they mistook for dogs . 
  good point . 
  frequently people post to / r/germany with some schooling-related question , talk about being a `` sophomore/junior/senior / freshman '' , and expect us to deduce their age from that . 
  it 's a bit irritating , so this op did well . 
  102 , with a bit of garden and a porch , and room in the basement for washing machine , dryer etc. 
  fairly nice . 
  not everybody - the companies that are trying to sell you halloween-themed things . 
  same with `` valentine 's day '' . 
  just what i was about to say . 
  we had several cases in the last years too . 
  no reaction to how wrong you were about the first 6.5 months of this year ? 
  still nothing ? 
  ah well , i 'll help you . 
  the number is zero . 
  now please tell me how zero victims are `` too many '' . 
  come on , this ca n't be hard . 
  give us the actual number . 
  no , the downvotes say that op is a fool . 
  a question for you , as you seem to be an expert : how many people in germany were killed in terrorist attacks this year ? 
  that does not change the statistical likelihoods . 
  in australia , people are sometimes killed by hostile wildlife , which they are not in germany ( well , unless you count cows ) . 
  yet , i would n't refrain from going to australia just because there 's a tiny likelihood of being killed by an animal . 
  you 've still not said where you are from . 
  it 's quite possible that there are areas of life in which germany is a lot safer than your own country , and which will make up for the ( very small ) statistical risk of terrorism . 
  saying that the risk from terrorism is statistically negligible compared to the other risks of daily life and will in all likelihood never happen to you or me is * not the same as saying that `` it 's ok for terrorists to kill people '' * , good god . 
  those are two entirely different arguments . 
  such as the eighteen people who died in the bus accident in bavaria just two weeks back . 
  op , those people did not die in terrorism . 
  that does n't make them any less dead , or the event any less horrible for their families . 
  why are you considering the one risk , but not the other ? 
  it 's a bit sad , really , to see someone who 's working in a job that 's good enough to involve traveling abroad , yet so unable to critically evaluate media information , statistical likelihoods and such . 
  statistically , your likelihood of dying due to a normal traffic accident in germany is a lot higher than anything else ( and still a lot lower than in quite a few other countries ) . 
  are you worried about that ? 
  i 'm curious : where are you from ? 
  you 'd have to prove that the nationality was the reason you did n't get the place . 
  in areas where there are dozens of applicants for one flat , it 's really hard to do that . 
  also , here at least landlords prefer citizens of the country or at least people who live here and know the language . 
  i doubt there is much of a demand for a tool to find people from abroad . 
  likewise , places are advertised in german , not any other european languages . 
  there is a somewhat clich\u00e9 item called a [ `` herrenhandtasche '' ] ( http://dvina-markt.de/img/taschen/304/02.jpg ) ( gentleman 's handbag ) , often worn hanging on the wrist . 
  it 's very much an old-man item , and i have to admit that my father ( who 's about to turn 73 ) sometimes uses one . 
  not an `` epidemic '' as such , i think , but there are supposedly areas in the east where crystal meth abuse is running rampant . 
  supposedly ( apologies to the czechs ) it comes over from the czech republic , for instance into rural bavaria . 
  there was a pretty darkly comedic series on bavarian tv about a small-town mayor trying to juggle the usual small-town corruption while also being addicted to meth . 
  i 've met exactly one person . 
  i 'd like to see a random parent competently teach their child all the subjects necessary for a german abitur . 
  bonus point if that parent never reached that education level themselves ; for instance they would have to teach two foreign languages , but might only have had one themselves in school . 
  i 'd say that if you need to ask that question , you might not know enough about the cultural clues to pull it off successfully . 
  but here , having no history , that is no bad entries , is sufficient . 
  you do n't need to have borrowed money at all . 
  i 'm referring to things like [ this ] ( https://www.creditkarma.com/article/build-your-credit-from-scratch ) - people getting a credit card for the sole purpose of `` building credit '' . 
  that is not a thing here . 
  rot ( red ) orange ( orange ) gelb ( yellow ) gr\u00fcn ( green ) blau ( blue ) violett ( violet ), 
  i have a credit card too , and apart for some recent unavoidable expenses i had due to moving , i do n't actually use it to pay for things ( unless it 's something like online hotel booking where it provides advantages ) . 
  here , `` paying by card '' generally means using the debit card that takes money from your bank account . 
  the idea of buying groceries on credit is a rather odd one . 
  i 've read about american people artificially `` building credit '' , with actual guides on how to best do that - apparently by constantly using credit cards and repaying . 
  that seems downright bizarre to me , or as if credit card companies have successfully conditioned people to keep using their cards . 
  there 's a credit rating organisation here too , and it does generate scores , but here a recommendation for people to stay on the good side of it boils down to `` pay your bills ( especially things like phone bills ) on time , do n't let things come to the point where they send you the bailiff , and generally pay back money you borrow '' . 
  there 's no artificial `` building up '' by borrowing money you do n't need . 
  and the notion of * employers * basing decisions on credit scores is equally bizarre . 
  can it be done ? 
  sure . 
  would i do it ( or do a comparative thing in a continent as far away for me as europe is for you ) ? 
  no , not even if you paid me . 
   and why is the reason behind the riots not mentioned in mainstream media ? 
  is this a conspiracy now too ? 
   besides a 100 year old rotschild could you expand on that ? 
  no one is `` crying '' . 
  your style of arguing is really quite something .
