  afaik we 're regularly chastised in official us human right reports because they 're not considered a `` church '' , and because people in official jobs are n't allowed to be members or vice-versa . 
  it 's particularly ludicrous as the very germanic heroes of 1974 were n't singing either , every single one of them , even saint beckenbauer . 
  by your logic , the discussion culture of this site would have to be incredibly non-snarky and reasoned then . 
  do you think that 's true ? 
  well , for starters , half of europe is female . 
  this `` cucks '' and `` pussies '' rhetoric ( which makes the person using it appear like a teenager , really ) somehow only seems to apply to men . 
  i 'm not quite sure what women 's role in this is , but i guess the people who spread this meme want a society back in which women do n't really have a a voice . 
   they allow refugees to grope their women and do n't even try to put up a fight etc. 
  perfect example , this . 
  this whole fantasy of theirs only features men as active participants . 
  they either assault or defend women , while women are just standing around waiting to be groped or defended . 
   your women ah , reliable as clockwork , it always appears . 
  well , the ones who emigrated long ago , whom one sometimes sees on tv , who 're forming relatively closed-off insular societies in the americas , come over as rather weird relics from the past . 
  their dialects are n't easily understood by modern germans , and the `` german culture '' they preserve is n't up-to date or slipping into the stereotypes . 
  more recent emigrants can be either just normal people living abroad ( like people who moved away for work ) , or a real embarrassment . 
  the latter applies to people who retired to places like mallorca , constantly behave like drunken louts , refuse to learn the local language , and constantly complain that their host country is n't like germany . 
  i do n't think that there are actually that many of those people , but as they make great entertainment , they get a fair bit of attention by trashy tv . 
  well , i 'd say that this is n't our problem ( or rather , it 's everyone 's problem , but it 's one * you * [ collectively ] brought upon yourselves , so you [ collectively ] have to fix it ) . 
  who else except teachers should teach something ? 
  and if they are n't able to explain , say , the basic principles of the various political directions in an unbiased way , using school textbooks , they 're wrong in their job . 
  aww , poor things . 
  haha , they mentioned that on the news here , supposedly all the dogs went mad ? 
  are there usually `` services '' in skyscrapers ? 
  most of the time they are going to contain offices that normal people never enter . 
  and commuting tends to involve people living outside the city traveling into the city , which would n't be alleviated by skyscrapers either . 
  frankfurt ( main ) * has * tall buildings , and people commute there with hour-long train or car travel . 
  oh , i have no videos or anything , but articles about germany frequently mention this . 
  and right-wingers like the ones on reddit , of course ( who are only interested in crimes by non-germans ) , think that this is so because the government wants to hide nefarious things . 
  ah , i guess philip looks taller because he 's so lanky , and because he keeps following a rather tiny lady about . 
  there are those maga hats , so yes there is . 
   let him come , and let him be humiliated by the queen . 
  it 'll be ace . 
  does she do it directly enough for him to * notice * ? 
  she seems the type who 'd put someone down so subtly that he does n't realise it . 
  but i think prince philip can be rather direct , ca n't he , so perhaps they should let him at trump . 
  especially as he 's so tall , and i suspect trump might have a problem with men towering over him . 
  eastpak 's the same in germany . 
  it was in the schools when i finished in 2000 and the years before that . 
  i 've a shoulderbag myself - i needed something big and light quickly , and they are n't bad quality . 
   merkel is centre-left do you realise that merkel is not the leftmost end of the german political spectrum ? 
  by german standards she 's center-right . 
  we 've got three established parties to the left of hers , one social democratic , one socialist , and one green . 
  while that sounds very philosophical , what would it mean in this context ? 
  it 's always great when us news sites report on a german crime and mention in a downright offended tone that the identity of the subject has n't been released . 
  considering the number of innocent people in the us who are in prison for decades or even killed , i would n't crow about your justice system too loudly . 
  rimworld reference ? 
  hooray !, 
  let 's look at it like this . 
  from your post , i 'm assuming you 're not european ( does anyone else get irritated by `` euro '' being used to refer to things that are n't our currency ? ) . 
  so , imagine you came here to study or work , like many , many , many people constantly post about doing in / r/germany , many of them americans . 
  would you feel that the things you 're seeing online accurately describe you ? 
  you would be a migrant , after all . 
  he 's doing it to throw something to the people who voted for him because of xenophobia . 
  it will screw a lot of people totally over . 
  i read social media posts by a former american soldier talking about how one of the interpreters who had helped keep their unit alive had * finally * gone through the immigration process ( because while trump pretends that until now people were let in willy-nilly without vetting , that 's a * lie * ) . 
  and just before he arrived in the us , that order came out . 
  now , that man is probably in great danger from terrorists himself for helping the us , but does trump care ? 
  i 've seen that us universities advise their students against going home to visit family , because they might not be able to re-enter . 
  those are all people who have already been admitted , just like green card holders . 
  i mean , an * oscar nominee * is not allowed to enter , afaik . 
  it will do zero to `` stop islamic terrorist attacks '' ( how many have the us even had since 9/11 ) , and it 's not supposed to either . 
  it 's supposed to make racists feel good . 
  i absolutely would not support something like that in my country . 
  luckily , no matter who wins our next election , none of the possible governments would even entertain the thought , because they 're , despite political differences , * sane * . 
  if trump did want to make americans safer , things like not dismantling regulations or environmental protections would come to mind , or ... well , guns . 
  left-libertarian , a lot of it too . 
  economic left/right : -8.0 social libertarian/authoritarian : -7.03 but yes , the questions are ... extreme . 
  plenty where i could really only go `` wtf , strongly disagree '' , which i 'm sure pushed the score to the left , with a lot of focus on things like , well , sex , that hardly feature in our elections to that degree . 
  well , `` i like women to wear whatever they like '' would have covered it in a rather better way . 
  middle-earth . 
  germany has 80 million people . 
  if we can do it , you can . 
  i learned english in school , from germans , and we were taught british english . 
  i also self-taught far beyond the point of what was covered in school . 
  note that in germany at least , the only people who get mandatory english lessons in university are ones who study something related to the english language specifically . 
  there is no `` general education '' in a normal german university degree , as that is taken care of in school . 
  so there is limited demand for teachers , and you 'd likely need a phd . 
  and teaching in a german public primary or secondary school requires that people go through the german system for training teachers and is n't something a foreigner can easily get into . 
  there are shortcuts for certain subjects where they lack teachers , but i 've never heard of a lack of english teachers . 
  i have no idea . 
  but i can tell you 100 percent that it 's not bloody * saxony * . 
  [ g\u00fcnther oettinger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rreq8ovw-q ) . 
  eu commissioner . 
  some time before he gave this speech , he went on all sanctimoniously about how * all germans * , including people like trained craftsmen , would in future need to use english at work all the time . 
  german would become the `` private '' language only . 
  and he said that people would need to improve their english in order to stay useful employees . 
  because 1 ) i 'm german and understand our education system , 2 ) we get daily posts in / r/germany from americans who want an eli5 on how to get `` free university '' in germany , and because 3 ) there would be zero logic in a system in which americans are automatically put to the end of the list by universities . 
  the reason why americans might have trouble getting admitted to our universities is 1 ) many do n't know a word of german and are quite surprised that , no , most of our courses , especially bachelors , are not in english , and 2 ) their highschool diplomas are often not equivalent to german ( or other countries ' ) school diplomas which allow university access . 
  we get the same as sweden . 
  additionally , we 're also still totally nazis , with any knowledge about the nazis suppressed and the education system never mentioning what happened . 
  at the same time however , we 're being guilted into self-destruction by being made ashamed for past crimes that are constantly brought up ( crimes which according to the most extreme foreign right-wingers that claim these things never even happened ) . 
  that state of things is also often protected by local legislation . 
  for instance you ca n't build anything in cologne , particularly on the left side of the rhine , that 's higher than the cathedral . 
  you know , if you have a german-language username to make you sound nicely `` patriotic '' or whatever , you should really make sure * there are no spelling mistakes in it * . 
  i 'm a white `` ethnic german '' or whatever you want to call it , could pass the ariernachweis without trouble , but i 'm not blond . 
  what happens to me in the beautiful europe you want ? 
   going to law school in germany/europe might be a possibility , though . 
  you do realise that you would have to work in germany ( or whatever country you studied in ) afterward ? 
  and plenty of older ones who went through schools that taught it too . 
  both my parents had * four * foreign languages in school , including english .
