  but in the system described there , it seems that prisoners are n't actually people any more , so if they become crime victims while in that prison , that does n't count . 
  rather horrifying , is n't it ? 
  the sleek `` oh , we want to help our customers make the most of this experience '' design , combined with them basically exploiting people 's misery . 
  how often do you transport things like that ? 
  for a person who , say , commutes for work every day , hauling lumber is n't the number one consideration in choosing a car . 
  fuel efficiency is , as well as the practicality of driving/parking . 
  most of the `` pickups '' linked here would n't fit into any normal parking space where i live . 
  when people here do transport things like that , they hire a transporter or trailer or have them transported in the first place . 
  oktoberfest is not some kind of pan-german holiday . 
  it 's a fair in * one * german city , and other places from large cities down to small villages have their own traditional ones with other names , at other dates etc. 
  for some reason oktoberfest has become `` the '' thing which people abroad think all germans celebrate . 
  but really , it 's just a giant tourist traps where tourists end up vomiting out overpriced beer in their plastic `` bavarian '' costumes on a hill . 
  if other german places have an `` oktoberfest '' nowadays , it 's just as authentic as the ones abroad , that is not at all . 
  it 's just a type of `` let 's dress up as bavarians '' carnival . 
  i 've never been to oktoberfest , and i have zero desire to ever go . 
  no matter where you move , there will be local traditions and festivals that you probably have n't even heard about . 
  in some areas , carnival is a huge thing that stretches over multiple celebrations . 
  to be honest though , rather than thinking about which parties there are , i 'd start with things related to , you know , * studying * . 
  have you checked whether you are qualified for university studies in both countries ? 
  do you know the languages ? 
  if you want a bachelor 's degree in germany , the vast majority are taught in german , surprisingly . 
  and even if you find an english-language program , you will still need german to navigate daily life and university bureaucracy . 
  no , i do n't mean it 's rare to specialise in that ; i mean that if you apply to study [ instrument x ] and tell them `` i only want to play baroque music , and not be taught anything else either '' , they 'll probably not give you a place . 
  it * is * possible to specialise in ancient music , but even there they will try to teach you as wide a base as possible . 
  similar to how if you want to study ... dunno , particle physics or something , they 'll still give you the general basics on other fields of physics too . 
  i play keyboard instruments , direct choirs , and sing . 
   but why is it so ... slim ? 
  a lack of people specializing in that music , or a lack of demand for it ? 
  sorry , what do you mean ? 
  if you mean that i said there are few places for music studies , really it 's a factor of cost ( not solely , but it is a limiting factor ) . 
  in germany , we do n't pay anything for university studies , meaning we get free single or small-group lessons with very well-paid professors , plus all the facilities , for free from the state . 
  afaik music studies are among the most expensive things for the state to provide . 
  i had a 4.5 or so hours of single lessons a week , in five subjects ; the majority of those lessons came with professors . 
  i think instrument professors teach around 15 hours per week , typically 1 to 1.5 hours per lesson . 
  so a professor teaches something between ten and fifteen students . 
  compare that to , say , a mathematics professor giving lectures . 
  so the state is going to provide as much opportunity to study music as seems adequate to keep culture going , but as little as they can get away with . 
  and that in turn means that not everyone who 'd like to study music will get to do so . 
  i have studies music , yes , but i finished ... oh , years ago . 
  i 'm working as a musician . 
  i read [ this ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/06/cca-private-prisons-corrections-corporation-inmates-investigation-bauer ) article the other day , and i still can not believe the things i read there . 
  the whole thing is utterly corrupt ; it 's hard to even distinguish between criminals and guards in what is described there , except that the criminals are the ones who got caught . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's all only contemporary ; but i do know that if you tell them that you want to study how to compose baroque music , they might tell you that that is too slim a base . 
  similar to someone who wants to perform ( and is not studying ancient music , that is everything up to baroque , historical instruments , historically informed playing and such ) would n't be admitted if they said they only want to play pieces from one particular era . 
  i 'd recommend trying to look out some schools that interest you and contact people there to find out how things work . 
  sometimes there are events where you can visit a school , get test lessons , talk to students who are further on and so on . 
  my own contact with composition studies is somewhat limited , so you should n't take me as an authority , but when i saw you talk about wanting to do baroque music , my instant reaction was `` uh-oh , that probably will not work '' . 
  the thing is that places in musical degrees are very , very limited , what with the individual attention you get from professors compared to `` normal '' things other people study . 
  so they can be very selective and expect high standards for people even to get in . 
  as for your first questions , i can only relate the impressions i 've gotten from what i 've seen of composition students , and heard of their compositions . 
  regarding the last question , because in general they want people to have a broad understanding of the context of their field , and how things came to where they are now . 
  that 's why people who study how to perform music get classes is music history and music theory as well , rather than just telling them `` put your fingers here '' . 
  interest in old forms is obvious , and required - you 'll have to study music theory and a wide variety of styles . 
  that 's the case even for practical degrees ; i did my bit of writing renaissance counterpoint , fugues , and choral settings in the style of bach . 
  but for composition , they want to train composers who can create new things to advance musical composition on the whole . 
  also , practical feasibility seems to be a factor - there are few enough options for actually making a living with composition , but if you limit yourself to the baroque style , you drastically reduce them . 
  for instance , the application process in cologne , which i looked up earlier , includes not only putting in three of your own compositions ( which i bet they want to be varied ) , but also a colloquium in which applicants need to show their familiarity with modern and electronic music , as well as state their artistic goals . 
  it might be different if you decide to study music theory - there , too , you would of course need to familiarise yourself with many different areas , but if you want to specialise in baroque music theory at some point , you could probably do that . 
  do they use them as tow trucks ? 
  hm , i 'd say `` makedonien '' is historical , alexander the great etc. , and `` mazedonien '' is current . 
  good grief . 
  now this is a case where i 'm really hard-pressed not to draw conclusions about the state of the owner 's manhood . 
  at least in germany , i doubt if you 'd be gaining admission with that . 
  from what i know , they 're looking for people writing in their own , contemporary style , not for people who produce style imitations . 
  there are pharmacies too , i think ? 
  i recently learned about how companies not only run us prisons for profit , but also [ profit ] ( http://www.jpay.com/ ) from the communications between inmates and their families and so on . 
  those special prison tablets etc. 
  are very american to my mind . 
  you know , these things are related and will likely follow you around wherever you go :  for some reason i really hate learning new languages and i am very bad at it . 
   i am yet to make a local friend here in munich . 
   finding love is really very difficult in munich, 
  what languages do you know ? 
  i could write you a thing about studying music in germany , but there are language requirements , so i 'm not going to bother with a multiple-paragraph essay unless you actually know the language you 'd be using to communicate with your teachers . 
  when i got out of school ( and i had very good marks in english ) , i had trouble understanding anything that was n't whatever version of rp they taught there , including very light american accents that are probably considered `` neutral '' when you see them in a movie . 
  i simply had n't been exposed to them . 
  but since then , i 've watched/listened to so much original content that nowadays i 'd say i can handle pretty much all dialects/accents unless it 's something like scottish or full-blown scouse with special vocabulary that i have n't learned . 
  mind , i often ca n't identify * where * an accent belongs except `` southern us '' or `` northern england '' , but i can understand what they say . 
  same in germany , as is psychological abuse . 
  you should be very careful about [ camp fires ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-mountain-catches-fire-on-new-years-day/a-36970925 ) as well . 
  a number of them seem to be the same person : the `` america-hating '' one with the fantasies of murdering large numbers of us citizens has made a number of posts , as has the one who goes on about europe being so totally superiour while the us is a third-world country , sooner or later linking to specific comments in this sub pointing out things in the us that can be criticised , which apparently wounded him so deeply that he took them as us claiming europe is perfect . 
  those two might be the same person , though i find the tone in both slightly different . 
  in any case , those one or two people must have made ten posts or so lately . 
  as for why - hm , do us schoolchildren still have school holidays ? 
  hah , with all the `` horror clown '' hysteria a bit back i was n't entirely sure if my comment could be taken to mean actual clown costumes !, 
  :-) and i must admit that the idea of clowns dressing up as normal people was one corner too far for my brain at first , hah . 
  i meant `` clowns '' in the sense of `` foolish people i can not take seriously '' . 
  afaik they wore reflective vests saying `` sharia police '' . 
  i used to prefer it ; when i started travelling abroad as a teenager , you could still meet people in , say , france or england who were quite resentful against germans , including people like myself who * definitely * had n't done anything to them . 
  and of course it 's flattering to ( as has happened ) be mistaken for an english person because it should mean that my english is quite good these days . 
  there was * one * `` sharia patrol '' that i 'm aware of in germany , once . 
  it was a bunch of clowns dressing up in matching vests running around in wuppertal ( which is not exactly a dangerous place ) trying to preach their ideology to people . 
  it seems that their main goal was getting publicity . 
  judging from idiots like op thinking this is an actual thing , they succeeded . 
  prosecutors tried to charged them with anything they hoped they 'd be able to make stick , but i do n't think anything worked in the end . 
  and that 's not because this country is under sharia law or whatever rubbish . 
  it 's because their threat level was about that of a us fundamentalist evangelical eating in a restaurant on a sunday and instead of tipping their exploited server berating them for working on the sabbath ( which according to what i read is a thing that actually happens ) . 
   obviously we intend on avoiding sketchy areas but we 're aware that current geopolitical issues have resulted in things like no-go zones , sharia patrols and a sharp uptick in rapes / sexual assaults . 
  * seriously * ? 
  more people have been shot by toddlers in the us in 2016 than killed by terrorists in germany . 
  so , if i ever go to the us , am i allowed to take weaponry to defend myself against those pesky minuscule attackers ?
