   policing really ? 
  our police officers here get * several years * of training , and that 's a good thing . 
  putting teenagers right out of school , many of whom would n't fulfil the requirements for police service normally , into those kinds of jobs would definitely not make people view police more positively , rather the opposite . 
  so ... a white us american could be european , a black person born and grown up in europe could n't ? 
  what about people that would be called `` mixed-race '' in the us , so someone with , say , a white german parent and parent from africa , assuming they have german citizenship , were born here , and lived here all their life ? 
  my father observed my aunt losing my cousin 's dog ( it was white , playing in the snow , and apparently she has n't got up-to-date glasses , so she could n't find it again ) . 
  so , obviously my father found that funny and laughed at her . 
  my cousin , who 's a psychopath , heard that , and entirely seriously threatened my father with violence for `` making fun of his dog '' ( no , not of his mother , whom he could n't care less about ) . 
  i would n't say it 's a german thing though , it 's a `` my cousin is an unstable asshole who 's actually been in violent altercation with family members before '' . 
   everybody born on the continent of europe is a european !, 
  well , not quite - say american tourists happen to have a child while in europe and then travel back to their home , never coming back to europe . 
  that child would n't be european - but i get what you mean . 
  it 's just the us troll who keeps making posts of this nature with a new account every time . 
  he feels victimised by people criticising his country/the orange one , and the fact that we 're criticising either or both obviously means that we 'd be in favour of indiscriminately murdering americans too . 
  same , except that it 's handily also the abbreviation for `` islamischer staat '' . 
  the only thoughts about a `` football rivalry '' with england that i have are related to 1 ) the wembley goal , and 2 ) what went on with piers morgan 's and his colleagues ' `` newspapers '' in 1996 and the consequences it had ( riots , a poor russian being stabbed because someone thought he was german ) . 
  i 'm not blaming every english person for either though . 
  why are n't you using your main account ? 
  i suspect you 're the same one who 's been posting troll posts today and yesterday on two different accounts too . 
  this country 's budget is a lot larger than that . 
   i have never seen this country being that divided on an issue since the wall . 
  errm , were you alive during the 90s ? 
  there was some fair bit of conflict , rise of right-wing parties , attacks on refugee homes ( including * murders * by arson ) back then . 
  somehow no one seems to remember that . 
  not so sure about that - we did n't actually take part in lessons , we just looked in . 
  most of the time we had other activities . 
  and they seemed to be the lessons that our exchange partners attended . 
  oh , that 's the sub where the first of the `` studies '' listed in the navigation bar is about penis size , right ? 
  question for you . 
  i assume , asians being like all other humans , that slightly more than half the potential clientele for a sub concerned with asian identity would be , you know , female . 
  how come that sub appears so focused on bringing `` asian men '' together with `` white women '' ? 
  and frankly , if you ca n't get a girlfriend , asian or otherwise , it 's not because of hollywood but because you come over as batshit insane . 
  improving english , seeing a bit of the world , going on an adventurous trip somewhere very different , travelling in a group with your friends ... 
  mind , i only went for a few weeks , in a group . 
  i 'm not sure if i would have been happy during half a year , as some people did ... there * was * a certain prison-like atmosphere , what with not being allowed to just be in the corridors , with school parties without alcohol where security guards prowled and shone their torches into the faces of people in the corners , to prevent i know not what ... and lesson-wise , we seemed to be years beyond what people there did in all lessons i attended , the books seemed very dumbed-down , and i 'd never seen `` multiple-choice '' or `` open book '' tests in my life . 
  what was interesting in our year was that the exchange was one-sided ( usually in such exchanges , as was the case when i went to france , a group goes one way first and then later a corresponding group goes the other way , living with the students that came to their particular house ) . 
  but `` our '' american group was , we were told , not interested in coming to germany , because they could n't possibly imagine there might be anything worth the travel there . 
  i guess they might have thought we did n't have electricity or internet or whatever . 
  some of the people there , including the adults , seemed very ... sheltered and convinced we were a poverty-stricken third-world country . 
  related : all those recent initiatives to make serving pork in kindergarten and schools mandatory . 
  apparently , our culture is being endangered to such a degree that pork dishes need special protection now . 
  it 's lucky that we do n't have a large wave of hindu migration too , else i imagine pork * and * beef would be mandatory , and they 'd have to work to get them all into the menus . 
  this year is the first where i really noticed that `` santa claus '' figures on tv here have started to say `` ho-ho-ho '' in an american accent . 
  i mean ... * what * ? 
  if people were happy to do it , it seems a bit odd to have a fine ( even if not enforced ) for those who did n't do it . 
  wow . 
  my mother says that she heard her one grandfather really , really worried his family on `` patriotic '' occasions because he did not want to raise the flag . 
  guess which flag it was , and guess why in my country at least we do n't do this sort of `` patriotism '' any more . 
  ( no , i 'm not saying you 're nazis , it 's just that this thing , which is totally normal to you , might not be as wide-spread throughout europe as it might seem to you . ), 
  used the wrong account there accidentally ? 
  yes , yes , the us is the bestest country ever , you have the best words , the best laws , the best president-elect , the best health care system . 
  all the mean statements people on reddit made daring to criticise you were clearly made out of european jealousy . 
  * now * will you go away ? 
  it means `` women rightfully belonging to white men '' . 
  these sorts of posts , whether from trolls or serious , always say `` y/our women '' . 
  we do n't exist as people with agency of our own . 
  no , thanks . 
  i 'm a woman , and i recollect some problems with your system when it comes to , say , allowing me to be one of the citizens that are `` actually being heard '' . 
   brussels and germany, 
   one of the main arguments for brexit was for autonomy of the british people . 
  many on the political right did n't want the economic regulations and restrictions that came out of belgium from britain . 
  they came out of * brussels * , which is where the eu government is located - it has to be somewhere , and that 's going to be in one existing country . 
  that does n't give * belgium * special power in the eu any more than the city of washington dc ( do n't people there even get to vote or something ? ), 
  decides what happens in the us . 
  you can already bring guns across borders in the eu . 
  that 's not a new , future thing , we 've had open borders for years . 
  you think support for torture in the us is a problem of the * left * ? 
  remind me what your recently-elected god-emperor said about waterboarding ? 
  guns , drugs , abortion , gay marriage , what else could feature in political campaigns ? 
   in most federal governments , it is easier to smuggle illegal items across state borders than it is federal borders . 
  as someone living in a federal state , the idea of `` state borders '' having any impact on criminal offenses , or of states having different criminal laws is bizarre . 
  what is illegal in berlin is illegal in hessen is illegal in th\u00fcringen , and the punishments are the same . 
  the `` state border '' is a sign `` fare well from state [ x ] '' , and on the other side of the bridge `` welcome to [ y ] '' . 
  there is no idea of `` you carried this item across state borders , now it 's a ` federal crime ' '' - a crime is a crime , there is no state crime or federal crime , except for things like terrorism that the federal authorities tend to go into , and no different prisons . 
  i think this might be another case of you just assuming that the way the us does thing is the default rather than an oddity . 
   guns were just an easy example as they tend to be a prominent issue whether in national or international politics . 
  in american politics perhaps . 
  i 've never heard the issue of guns mentioned at all in relation to european politics . 
  same with abortion . 
  some countries do have restrictive laws , but i 've never heard anyone oppose open borders because polish women might go to germany to get abortions . 
  and the issue of `` oh noes , there is cannabis in the netherlands '' exists now - basically , a small car filled with young people that comes over the autobahn from the netherlands might not be stopped at the border , but it 's quite likely for german customs to do spot checks later on . 
  no one sees that as a problem except probably the people with the cannabis in their car . 
  you 'll understand europe better if you allow the idea that * we 're not the us * , and that you ca n't just put everything in your us frame of reference and get accurate ideas . 
  many of the issues us politics get all worked up about are absolute * non-issues * or at least a lot less controversial in european countries , or they are n't central to people 's election decisions . 
  also , in my own country at least , once an issue like abortion has been solved with a compromise that no side is quite happy about but all can live with , it 's settled . 
  we do n't have governments try to roll everything back whenever they change , and parties do n't run on these things . 
  for instance not all of the cdu/csu conservative wings are happy with how abortion is currently regulated . 
  but when merkel 's coalition was first formed , there was zero worry that they 'd try to actually do anything to our existing laws . 
  no love for ireland ? 
  i think they 're really pretty . 
   germans , who is schultz he is named schulz , he 's a politician in the spd who may or may not end up being their chancellor candidate , and until very recently he was in eu , not german politics . 
   what is his opinion on refugees no clue , but generally governments here act based on party programs , not on one politician 's `` opinions '' . 
  even if someone came into power with a different `` opinion '' , they 'd still need to act with the agreement of their government coalition , that is a parliamentary majority , and within laws and international treaties . 
  if this was , as foreigners seem to think , merkel doing an ego-trip that no one else agrees with , her government coalition could and would have removed her from office months ago . 
  there is some creaking , but they 're supporting her . 
  also , this is n't a single-issue country . 
  i have n't decided my vote based on the refugee situation before , i 'm not doing so now . 
   how is he different from merkel for starters , he 's in a different party . 
  and that party is to the left of the cdu ( just to make sure , some foreigners seem to have the bizarre notion that merkel is `` far-left '' or something ) . 
   and do you support him here we do n't vote for one individual muppet over another .
