how is `` interacted with '' a mistake ? 
  that 's pretty neutral . 
  thank you for being so understanding . 
  in the future , i will . 
  could you explain to me what is incorrect about this headline ? 
  ok , now i know . 
  i did n't mean to be misleading . 
  it is an actual quote from the article . 
  istanbul ( afp ) - turkish nationalists protesting china 's treatment of ethnic uighur muslims attacked a group of korean tourists in the heart of istanbul 's old city on saturday , mistaking them for chinese nationals . 
  hundreds of angry protesters marched towards the topkapi palace on the banks of the bosphorus strait in a show of solidarity with the turkic uigurs , who complain of cultural and religious suppression under chinese rule . 
  shouting `` allahu akbar '' ( god is the greatest ) , they attacked some koreans outside the topkapi palace , which is visited by thousands of tourists every day . 
  the tourists were rescued by riot police , who fired tear gas to disperse the attackers , members of the notorious far-right grey wolves closely affiliated with nationalist movement party ( mhp ) . 
  video footage by dogan news agency showed a distraught korean tourist telling reporters : `` i 'm not chinese , i 'm korean . '', 
  to post selfies on facebook , duh !, 
  excellent find , what 's the backstory ? 
  is there any new information here ? 
  i thought the usgov had been proven to have spied on germany . 
  i ca n't figure out what tense to use here , my bad . 
  the people have chosen , i guess . 
  i hope it works out well for them . 
  i used to feel this way , until i started studying russian . 
  it takes a serious amount of time to learn a foreign language , and communicate in it . 
  i can understand why they do n't put in the time for a short trip . 
  i think the usa is at the mall , or making meth . 
  we will fight until the last american . 
  where could i get a good explanation of russian emoticons ? 
  where do you find this algorithm ? 
  i went to / european a few times after hearing about it here . 
  it was slow-moving and meh . 
  also full of hate . 
  if you can talk like an educated and lucid person you could be either homeless or a software engineer . 
  why is this ? 
  i wish this trend would go away . 
  agreed . 
  tony blair and the uk deserve more of the blame than they have taken . 
  americans who move to europe will be reminded that they are americans and can never become european . 
  europeans , at least , white ones who speak english , who move to america can be considered americans within a few years . 
  anything the usa is for , the uk is against , amirite ? 
  i completely agree with you . 
  they had me until this : 26,8 % of the population is now foreign-born or with at least one foreign-born parent , seriously , canada has more that that , and all i hear from canadians is the message that it 's working for them . 
  i 'm sick of asking the us for help . 
  i wonder what the worlds reaction would be if the usa said the same thing . 
  they made a game about it . 
  it hurts that europe could n't keep the usa from getting involved . 
  british culture seems kind of heartless towards others in general . 
  glad to see some outraged brits in this thread . 
  only if `` european civilization '' is defined by `` white people . '', 
  i do n't know , man . 
  at this point ukipers would cheer it on and call it a deterrent . 
  i make it a point to attack americans verbally where ever i see them and let them know that they are not welcome in europe as often as i can . 
  savchuk is 34 , but her taste in clothes runs toward the teenage : the night of our dinner she wore a plaid dress and a billowing neon yellow jacket , and her head was swaddled in a fuzzy hood with animal ears . 
  these are important details . 
  yes it makes for bad tv and then americans point fingers at us . 
  we ca n't have that . 
  this is true , and it 's what scares me . 
  lots of dumb people will go for placing the blame elsewhere . 
  so , time to get into the khat business ? 
  :( i 'm only half joking . 
  `` sources tell us there are between 500,000 and one million migrants ready to leave libya , '' frontex chief fabrice leggeri said in an interview with italy 's ansa news agency that was published on friday . 
  how accurate are these numbers ? 
  what do immigrants from libya buy that i should invest in ? 
  i am not disagreeing with you , but is being turned around in handcuffs your solution to the problem ? 
  because there are a lot of them , and it gets easier and cheaper fo them to come to europe every day . 
  and they fact that you ( and many people ) do n't think you owe them anything does n't change the fact that they think europe owes them something . 
  hope they get on their feet soon . 
  who said anything about sweden ? 
  colonialism has consequences . 
  who woulda thought ? 
  i thought western europeans could just exploit africa forever and no one would complain . 
  i was referring to the brit up there . 
   slowly hand over control politically , after implementing a western style democratic system . 
  this is n't working out so well for americans , why would we want to repeat their mistakes ? 
   africa being the state it is today is directly europe 's fault . 
  i wish more people had the nerve to admit this . 
  just as our grandkids will pay for our sins by having to deal with pollution and global warming , well , i wonder what people hundreds of years ago thought would be the outcome of colonizing africa . 
  did they think we could just enslave them forever ? 
  it 's the idea that built the wealth of many countries . 
  when did it go out of fashion ? 
  i wonder how many hundreds per day we 'll be bringing in every day ten years from now ? 
  i 've never heard a canadian say anything nice about americans . 
  britain is a lost cause . 
  germany , uk are at best local powers that lack the means and the will whose fault is that ? 
  does this represent europe to you ? 
  what am i supposed to be looking for in this vid ? 
  i made it halfway through . 
  not mad , just embarrassed . 
  england is to europe as texas is to the usa . 
  why ca n't the eu just withdraw from nato ? 
  why not ? 
  well played homes, 
  i agree with what you 're saying in theory , but do you ever wonder how we came to accept ourselves as so powerless ? 
  point fingers at americans . 
  leave the us out of this . 
  canada is n't a white country . 
  a fixation on maintaining an identity by differentiating yourselves from americans while consuming american movies , tv shows , and music . 
  i used to think british people were `` cultured '' before the internet . 
  now , daily mail , ukip , and geordie shore , oh my !, 
  yes , not until the eu is not reliant on the usa for defense will anyone in the world take europe seriously . 
  why cant the eu just say no ? 
  what would happen ?
