how many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman ? 
  none . 
  99,990 taters on the bus !, 
  99,990 taters on the bus , 99,990 taters , take one down , pass it around ... 
  and we saw his huge balls . 
  what you probably did n't see is the second plane in the `` sp\u00d6 '' - tower , it 's green so i assume that is the austrian left wing . 
  so the whole thing shows how the sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp get `` destroyed '' by the left and right wing . 
  austrian left wing, 
  they said ( i think it was on episode 4 ) that they killed the first lady on live tv . 
  so i do n't think this is just a hoax . 
  if you 're right , i 'll buy you reddit gold . 
  prank gone wrong, 
  i would really buy this but not for 199 $ / 299 $, 
  dumb question , i know nearly nothing about encryption . 
  but how will people know it is their pgp signature ? 
  thanks dude . 
  they wont let you . 
  a guy in my school once said : `` when you get there , you immediately know you dont want to stay . '', 
  but it would 've been cool just to light a cigarette and do n't smoke it to leave a butt without any evidence in the store . 
  this is a direct link to the periscope stream , i will add facebook stream link, 
  periscope stream got shut down , i am still looking for the fb stream, 
  post fb stream link please, 
  link included in post, 
  yes , he did in the beginning, 
  thanks for your work, 
  but this will get him in trouble with ecuador, 
  what if julian knows that pgp got somehow insecure and he sais it to avoid anyone sign something with his key if wikileaks is comrpmised, 
  at 1:32 am ? 
  i do n't think anti-semitism is such a big thing now , there should rather be a rent-a-refugee, 
  you have a public place , where anyone can post anything . 
  thsi sub was fucked from the first minute . 
  we can never be ahead of some authorities because they know everything we plan here . 
  everything on computers is sent and stored in binary and then gets convertet into readable text . 
  everything , even this text is made out of 0 's and 1 's and converted by your pc so you can easilly read it . 
  metal in the morning , metal in the night . 
  i just read the article and now i 'm asking myself why the wife did n't do anything . 
  like , if i knew my partner is mentally ill , called a clinic and then says he will go `` hunting humans '' and wo n't be back , i would fucking call the police . 
  now on / r/gaming : posts from last week . 
  and the week before . 
  and the week before ... 
  not a flight attendant , but i 'll leave my suggestions here . 
  depends how fat you are , book two seats , it 's more comfortable for you and for the person next to you . 
  also , book the window seat ( window + middle when booked two seats ) so you do n't have to stand up when the person next to you needs to go to the bathroom . 
  how ? 
  i did n't check but i do n't think i have signal when up there . 
  and never seen a plane with wifi . 
  oh i loved pictochat . 
  i used to spend hours with my friends just drawing and sending pictures . 
  i 'd love to see this again in a newer ds . 
  maybe you changed your system time ? 
  [ was immer der lopatka tut ... ] ( https://youtu.be/-mfuvltbxxk?t=151 ), 
  i 'm waiting because i wan na know what games there will be . 
  im not gon na buy something wiiu like, 
  not op but it worked around 2011 on some airports . 
  so this is another point why it is unlikely , , it 's been around for 6 + years . 
  i realy wan na have a daughter and see her growing up and be the father that i never had . 
  i buy ipod nano parts , put them together and sell them as used on ebay . 
  this way i make about 50 $ per ipod . 
  forest gumps mom . 
  my mom suffered from cancer and i first watched that movie 3 days before she died . 
  maybe he was a good lawyer ? 
  `` our nuclear launch code is 7384727 '', 
  not a bass player , not even a guitar player , , ca n't you take out the strings , line it up and put them back in ? 
  it 's kind of a strange feeling because i placed my bet on vp but like astralis more . 
  but i hope it goes along like the overpass where you could n't really make out who 'll win in the end . 
  actually , this is made really well , but rather unfitting as a hairstyle, 
  printing . 
  the file has only 280 mb when i download it ? 
  quantico . 
  sadly season 2 is far worse than season 1, 
  it gets even more ridiculous . 
  every time i walk into a new store google asks me to review it . 
  i do it because i like some structure in my life, 
  here in austria , you are allowed to drink alcohol as a 16 year old . 
  the rule for many cashiers and stuff is to check the ids if the person looks younger than 21 years . 
  i think that looks pretty well . 
  how/where do you charge your phone ? 
  thanks dude , good luck for your journey !, 
  it 's fake . 
  it 's beer . 
  i love how you comment on every fap . 
  only around 18 % of all money is physically available as cash . 
  the rest is just a bunch of numbers in computers . . 
  buy one that you can attach to your key ring if you have one . 
  you 'll never lose that one . 
  there is that story about a costume party :, 
  `` so one of my friends is in a frat . 
  they were having a party , and some guy was dressed up as captain jack sparrow . 
  awesome , i know . 
  anyways , the cops show up , and the party is on the third floor . 
  sparrow looks at them when they come in , throws open the window and yells , `` gentlemen , you will forever remember this as the day you almost caught captain jack sparrow . '', 
  and jumped out the window . 
  broke both legs , still got his minor in possesion . '', 
  credits go to / u/rjbman , found on askreddit in 2011, 
  british english . 
  like , i hate the sound of a siren so much i even get scared when there is a video of one . 
  but knowing that it 's from the power plant nearby , i 'd go full survival mode looting houses after crying an hour from fear . 
  that 's why i always carry some sort of ear protection with me, 
  nah , it 's just multi-level-marketing . 
  have you tried out those new pills ?
