  as strange as this sounds , i consider you lucky . 
  my mom died about half a year ago and i do n't wish anyone to experience that . 
  but i can have alcohol without fun . 
  through the nazi land, 
  the misinterpretation of silence and it 's disasterous consequences by type 0 negative, 
  wintergatan . 
  that whole marble machine stuff is really interesting, 
  but the `` truth '' they tell is a bit of the `` truth '' the government does n't say . 
  i 'm not quite sure if there is life out there now . 
  but i 'm 99 % sure there was life in those billions of years that might still exist . 
  through the gates of hell, 
  iphones are not that hard to repair . 
  at least battery and screen are not that hard to repair ( iphone 4-6 , do n't know about 7 ) . 
  glued in batteries are not really a problem , you can use a heat gun or a hairdryer and then take out the battery pretty easy . 
  for a lot of other phones you need the heat gun to open the screen whic is hard to put on later, 
  but thats not an apple problem , sony , huawei , htc , all have non changeable batteries where you need to heat gun open the phone first so apple is better in that point, 
  not particularly ndh but if you like rammstein , check out lindemann , it 's a side project of till during the rammstein break and basically rammstein with english lyrics . 
  i love them because it 's the only band i know that has a style similar to type o negative , mostly because of peters great voice, 
  i have seen a documentary where it says that fentanyl is from patches but the concentration depends on how it 's stored , so there could be 90 % of the fentanyl in 1/4 of the patch . 
  thats the problem with overdoses because you do n't know the dose . 
  i still have my old silver ds . 
  i thought it was broken and bought a 3ds after like 7 years of use , but i found it again a few weeks ago and it works perfectly . 
  r/me _ irl is special ... 
  very special ... 
  could be a line from the mentalist . 
  for some news it 's always the current president, 
  `` you wo n't always have a calculator everywhere you go '' - circa 2012, 
  at least here in austria , yes . 
  but my maths teacher was 60 + years old . 
  his, 
  edustore.at f\u00fcr billigere laptops/handys, 
  listening . 
  i 'm on b2 ( i think ) and i struggle very hard when watching english tv shows . 
  like it just is some gibberish with familiar words in it . 
  it 's not nearly as extreme but i think [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/vt4dfa4foey ) video sums it up pretty well . 
  you hear familiar sounds but do n't get the context . 
  but if i concentrate really hard i can understand it ( tv shows , not the video ), 
  one word : bitcoins . 
  i always answer `` bad , but i got used to it '', 
  when i was about 6 i nearly drowned in a swimming pool . 
  but apparently i ca n't even achieve that . 
  i really do n't get it why so many people go to starbucks . 
  overpriced coffee with strange flavors . 
  and what is the worst is when people go to starbucks in another country . 
  like , why ? 
  you can go to starbucks in almost every country except north korea , i 'd rather go to a caf\u00e9 and speak with the locals , met really interesting people by doing that . 
  i only buy t-shirts and stuff only without logos . 
  i 'm so fucking annoyed by those random logos that will wear off after the third time washing . 
  my cat likes it too . 
  sometimes . 
  it 's like `` mmhh thats good , go oyou fucking asshole how dare you touching me '', 
  once i was at a sabaton concert and there was a guy diving into the mosh pit . 
  morgan freeman explains everything . 
  you choose which of his movies it is . 
  nah , e2 always was the star wars movie i liked least . 
  do n't actually know why , i just do n't like it . 
  but i think it does the most process in the story . 
  [ it was ] ( http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/grand_army_of_the_republic ), 
  at least they 're honest . 
  when reading a text , i can understand some words and if i 'm lucky i get the context . 
  but dutch for example is way easier, 
  peter , kenny , josh and johnny, 
  * make \u00d6vp geil again, 
  unrealistisch . 
  i pronounce it just like give, 
  black sabbath - iron man, 
  i love those calls, 
  we do n't know , this is mentioned in the first or second episode , but dinesh calls it bullshit later that episode . 
  i think dineshs words were something like `` did he tell you that iranian revolution thing ? 
  '' , i only know the german version, 
  yeah but i hope that jian yang stays when erlich leaves and that he starts trying to screw with gilfoye, 
  edustore.at bei macbooks 130-170 $ rabatt, 
  and the fuck in 90 % of the drawings it wasnt even a pyramid -- it 's a fucking triangle not a pyramid, 
  wow fuck that guy, 
  hg/ss near the place you catch lugia, 
  yeah , my bad . 
  probably rather black and white ( 2 ) , but i have n't played any pokemon game since hg/ss and i think there was a similar dialogue, 
  packet loss ? 
  you 're right , but after watching seasons 4-6 i think it was worth it . 
  but if you really really wan na know what that red john thing is about you could watch the episodes 1-10 of the sixth season , but i do n't really recommend it because even though they stretched it it is a great show and i wish there were more seasons like 1-3, 
  do n't know where you love but maybe there is a comic/manga store around which will take them for a few bucks each, 
   ... in which case he 's already built it , disrupted the industry , bored and moved on . 
  morgan freeman to explain the plot, 
  free bird in forrest gump in the scene where jenny wants to jump off the bridge . 
  type o negative, 
  store all the data locally and go for 45 years of searching , you die a rich man . 
  the ballad of bull . 
  do n't know how i could 've missed that because it 's completely different from any other of their songs, 
  frying pans only . 
  and i let the handle stick out so i do n't have to stick my hands into that brack water . 
  while studying i usually listen to all that slow punk/doom like danzig , type o negative and stuff . 
  really helps me cause it 's slow , not like that power metal i usually enjoy . 
  this is what pharmacists are for . 
  was ? 
  shipped to california, 
  that 's not amazing , that 's fucking science . 
  all guns blazing . 
  imo the worst bonus track ever , i hate that high pitched distorted singing and the repetitivity of the song . 
  you could have stabbed someone dude !, 
  thanks for the recommendation , i will pass it along !,
