  they 're fantastic !, 
  sadly , no english available , but in the paragraph above `` zahlungsmittelfunktion '' it says `` allein das gesamtvolumen der sichteinlagen war im august 2013 \u201e im euroraum mit 4.858 milliarden euro f\u00fcnfmal so gro\u00df wie der bargeldumlauf mit 957 milliarden euro . `` '' , which means in august 2013 there was 4,858 billion euro [ as `` digital '' money ] which is five times more than cash circulating ( is this a legit expression ? 
  ) , 957 billion euro . 
  so it 's 19.7 % . 
  i 'm sorry that i ca n't answer you that question , i 'm not an expert but i wanted to answer your question . 
  maybe there are subreddits that can answer that question . 
  fools , said i , you do not know, 
  that silence like a cancer grows, 
  hitler , when he killed himself . 
  not because i 'm interested in history , but because i want to experience death . 
  they are great . 
  give them a try , i saw them live when they toured with powerwolf and epica . 
  once had a test where everyone got 5 pages . 
  the whole test was split in an easy , medium and a hard part . 
  the hard questions were on the last one and a half pages . . becaus the hard questions indeed were , like hard , i could n't do them . 
  so i did the first three and a half pages , did what i could on the hard part on page 4 and handed the first 4 pages in . 
  when we got the test back , i acted like i did n't get the fifth page and got a b instead of a d. 
  i also really like the refrain of the art of war , but carols rex is definitely my favourite , even though i prefer the swedish version over the english , it sounds more aggressive . 
  where i live thats the way you buy drugs . 
  you go somewhere , make eye contact with him , you nod as a sign you want to buy some stuff . 
  when he has drugs he will nod back and come to you to sell, 
  peter steele . 
  good sense of humor and great music . 
  yeah it does . 
  once went to greece with my class and my teacher wore one under his t-shirt . 
  paired with a headband he looked hillarious . 
  is n't that a thing that makes macs superior to others ? 
  are you sure you want to look like [ him ? 
  once read on reddit that you should n't drink the bong water because it tastes awful . 
  so that idea stuck inside my head until i bought a bong and after smoking from my bong the first time i tried a little bit and it tadted indeed awful . 
  even though i find this funny , how can one be such a dick ? 
  one improvement : when on mobile. , the top bar is way too big , it even hides parts of the screen . 
  thats something i 've thought of a couple of days . 
  greek , roman and nordic gods and stuff are mostly treated like fiction ( at least in the christian environment i am living in ) while the christian god exists for the people . 
  is n't it just the same ? 
  my step-dad once walked in my room , me half hanging out my window smoking a joint so you wont smell . 
  he says i should put it out . 
  i start panicking , put the joint out . 
  he then tells me : `` go outside to smoke , then i dont have a problem with it '', 
  nobody expects the spanish inquisition . 
  holy shit that game is complex . 
  buying ipod nano parts and building `` new '' ipods , which i sell just below used price on ebay . 
  in my school we have to put our phones on the teachers desk so nobody can cheat, 
  the second thing is that i do n't want to post my political opinion online, 
  oh i love that song , but i hate the part that girl starts singing, 
  you know what ? 
  school is not only for learning things like chemistry , physics , mathematics and stuff , that too , but a big part of it is to learn how to learn . 
  like you get taught all that next level maths shit to learn how to deal with hard things you do n't know/don ' t understand . 
  so cheating may be a solution , it 's only a short-term solution because if you cheat every test you wo n't make it to university , or you will most likely fail there . 
  if the journalist was the one who got hit by a part of the church , it 's not wrong . 
  when the scene starts everyone thinks `` they just cant do this '' but they do , so that expected unexpected thing is so funny about it, 
  had a friend who screamed `` ebola '' when sneezing . 
  nah not really , it 's just that we do n't have contact any more because he went to a different school, 
  found the austrian . 
  no man 's sky, 
  yeah , of course . 
  i would save my moms live and not let her die from cancer . 
  i 'd save my best friend 's dad from dying of a heart attack during sleep on new years ' eve . 
  i 'd atleast try to talk one of my friends out of drugs so he wo n't die of an overdose . 
  there are plenty of things i 'd do !, 
  type o negative, 
  i have my macbookair for about 5 years now , works as expected , a bit slow now , but i 'm sure it would do it for at least 2 more years , but i 'm gon na buy a new one this year . 
  cmd + space is spotlight for me . 
  but i disabled siri because i do n't use it, 
  very different . 
  you should have put on the serious mark . 
  a lot . 
  you ca n't because you are using a song that is not yours . 
  but what could happen is that the producer of the songs puts ads on your video . 
  but you ca n't . 
  saving private ryan , at about minute 7 where the boat opens and all the soldiers in it get shot almost immediately . 
  even tho i dont live in the us , i respect every single person who joins the army and is willing to die for his country and i think everyone should feel like that . 
  i listen to sabaton , so if my daydreams are n't about tanks or invading poland this does n't quite work . 
  at my school thats almost every time the case , because all the girls want to dance and the boys are just like meh , they want to dance but they do n't put much effort in asking someone . 
  it just looks so cringy, 
  he probably saw you eating the sandwich . 
  a black guy works for a disabled man . 
  i just hope he does n't get blown into pieces because of a failed launch . 
  only ozzy osbourne is immortal, 
  check out battlelog.co there you can download and play battlefield 2 ( 142 ) and they even have some servers around the world that are populated with a total of 1000 + players playing at any time, 
  a guy posting the same question about a week ago . 
  the only way to do this would be having pokemon over level 100 . cool !, 
  i think the 2nd one is pretty boring . 
  like training your pokemon to lvl 70-100 just to start with lvl 5 again . 
  and that would n't fit in any story, 
  the misinterpretation of silence and it 's disasterous consequences , by type o negative, 
  here in austria there are lots of mobile phone stores , not like vodafone stores , there are lots of old phones , phone cases , etc. 
  i never saw anyone going in there and i wonder how they make money with 3 stores in a radius of 50 meters . 
  definitiv . 
  this is why every airport tells you to report any suitcases standing around without an owner and not to leave your suitcases because basically everything could be a bomb, 
  when i die , there most likely wo n't be anything . 
  it 's just over . 
  not like closing your eyes , rather stopping to exist from your perspective . 
  probably i wo n't even realize that my life has come to an end . 
  there will just be nothing , but i ca n't feel or experience that ` nothing ' because i 'm part of it , i 'm it . 
  there wo n't be a floating around for an eternity somewhere thinking about the questions of life . 
  there will be nothing . 
  a grade of nothing that everything vanishes , even i vanish , and that 's why everyone who was dead and got brought back to life ca n't tell how death felt , because death is a state of being , where you are n't . 
  you ca n't feel anything because you are n't anything . 
  what many people do n't consider is that there could have been someone in billions of years , but has died out before the earth even existed .
