the us is guaranteeing the security ( against armed conflict ) for a large part of the eu via the nato . 
  as long as we rely on them , it gives them influence . 
  not just any plane , a plane which is operated by the department of justice and was previously used for cia renditions . 
  it 's a shame that it would be vote-brigading if we just went over there to upvote him . 
  he deserves it . 
  are you suggesting the world is n't black and white ? 
  do n't forget to factor in the average gravity in the country , might differ enough to make a difference . 
  how is that ? 
  you save money and when you have enough you exchange that money for a house . 
  at no point anyone owes anyone else something in that process . 
  it 's been done like this for centuries and is very often still done like this in europe ( i hear it 's very uncommon in the us though , i have no idea about the rest of the world ) . 
  i am aware that my own country is doing the same to me , as are the british and probably a few more , but those are totally different issues that are barely connected : when a intelligence agency is monitoring the citizens of it 's own country this has to be stopped because that is a threat to democracy . 
  when a intelligence agency is monitoring all citizens of a different country this is a totally different thing : the democracy in our country is not directly threatened by that but it smells a lot like espionage ( just think about all the information you can gather from changes in communication patterns alone ) . 
   i 'm afraid the eu parliament ca n't do much about it no , but the member states can loosen their ties to the us in response . 
  for example it would probably hurt the usa more than us if everybody left the nato . 
  please do n't make americans look bad . 
  his statement was equal to `` all people who try that are americans '' which is not generalizing at all . 
  to drag all 350 million us citizens down he would have to say something that equates to `` all americans would try that '' which is a completely different statement . 
  but who puts his cat into an oven ? 
  it is a valid comparison . 
  nice to see that somebody is saying it out loud, 
  there is no such thing as a perfect candidate , you 're just voting for the best one ( actually you 're voting for the party , but in full knowledge that that party will elect merkel as chancellor ) . 
  also , you have to admit that when tapping common citizens you can still say that it 's about finding terrorists . 
  when you are tapping a head of state it 's very certain that the goal was not finding terrorists and the next likely goal would be espionage . 
  women are over represented at daycare centres so removing snow there first is a manifestation of matriarchy . 
  or in other words : that makes no sense at all and snow removal should be prioritized by the actual need for snow removal . 
  if they would argue that snow-free daycare centres are more important for the nation than snow-free roads then that would be a worthwhile discussion but i do n't see the reasoning behind this gender argument . 
  isolate is the wrong word , the point is that finnland receives its internet mostly through sweden . 
  [ this source ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/government_planning_undersea_cable_link_to_germany/6559084 ) mentions a few reasons why they want a new cable from finnland to germany to diversify their connection . 
  additionally they 're looking into a cable from finnland to russia . 
  the connection to the nsa is made by a wikileaks tweet but i ca n't find any other sources for that . 
  if you have n't preordered your ps4 yet , you either have to preorder now and wait till february or you try to fight for one of the few ps4s at the few mediamarkts that sell you one without a preorder . 
  i personally welcome comments about non-european countries , but please use their official name in this subreddit . 
  america is a landmass consisting of two continents , you are thinking of the usa . 
  edit : typo, 
  we have more than enough people who can build a cloud , you can just hire one . 
  or let a us company build your datacenter for you ( in europe ofc ) . 
  the problem is getting the money to be able to be even somewhat competitive . 
  so you really want to be really good in getting investors . 
  that makes sense . 
  in my region the prostitute is simply providing a place in some sort or form ( room , shed , caravan , you name it ) . 
  i guess they mean eastern europe in relation to the east/west diffentiation , not the north/east/south / west/central differentiation . 
  in many aspects , it 's still more informative if a european county belonged to the soviet union than where it 's located . 
   pedestrians or motorcyclists are not allowed  once the sex chalets open zurich men will no longer be allowed to solicit sex workers outside the group of boxes or two other approved zones is switzerland trying to increase car ownership somehow ? 
  the only thing broken about the german implementation is the relative amount of the deposit . 
  heavy glass bottles ( beer ) have the lowest deposit ( 8ct ) , multi-use bottles have a deposit of 15ct , and single use bottles which are thrown away the same way we could do it at home have 25ct deposit . 
  that leads to a lot of highly reusable glass bottles simply being broken or laying around , because there 's little incentive to bring them back . 
  they only plan two weeks , so you could collect all costs at once . 
  kickstarter is still restricted to us and uk ( and ca ? 
  ) , but there are alternatives for europe ( with the downside of being much less well known ) . 
  is n't first and second the same ? 
  the screens are 6 meters wide , so they should be easy to spot . 
  if you do n't want to be filmed , do n't walk in front of it . 
  also , those hairy guys are not allowed to masturbate in public , so they should be arrested pretty soon . 
  actually , i do n't think they will even try . 
  vandalism could be more of a problem . 
  not to forget , the distance between japan and europe is slightly larger than the distance between the usa and mexico . 
  transportation costs and delays are not what they used to be , but they still exist . 
   and if a national producer does n't respect them ? 
  then you can make laws that make them respect them . 
   is vulnerable to local freak accidents ( eg . 
  flooding in thailand caused a noticeable price rise of hard disks ) . 
  yes , hard disk prices doubled . 
  this gave everyone with unaffected production a huge temporary advantage and the possibility to make good profit . 
  in an ideal world people would learn form that and realize that it can be an economic advantage not to build your factory next to your competitor 's one ( you would have to extend this to the whole supply chain ofc ) . 
  1 ) no 2 ) no, 
  in the us , the lives of policeman is actually threatened . 
  somebody they pull over could just shoot them in the face . 
  in europe , outside very very few neighbourhoods , this thread does n't exist at all . 
  i think because of this the european police and the us police attract very different kinds of people , and european policeman act with much less pressure . 
  for belgium - netherlands , going by train should work fine . 
  czech republic - belgium is about a ten hour train ride , going by plane would be faster and probably cheaper but you see less of europe . 
  as a rule of thumb for at least western europe ; train and bus gets you everywhere , for 400km or more ryanair and similar become attractive . 
   correcting people when they use a word incorrectly or in the wrong contest is helpful , pointing out spelling mistakes is really just being a dick . 
  you 're putting a lot of responsibility on the person correcting you . 
  for example i would now have to figure out whether you used the word contest in the wrong context or whether it was a spelling error . 
  since the s-key is directly over the x-key on the qwerty-keyboard , i could assume that it was simply a spelling mistake . 
  then again your entire justification for me being a dick if i point it out to you is invalid because the chrome spellchecker ca n't point out that the word contest is wrong because it actually is a word . 
  so this is both a word in the wrong context and a spelling mistake . 
  am i now both helpful and a dick when i tell you that you made a ( possibly purposeful ) typo ? 
  i love it when people call me out on my mistake . 
  how else am i supposed to learn . 
  if they bring up a minor nuisance like the oxford comma , then that 's totally ok too , at least i 'm learning something about the language . 
  i also started to make a mental effort to notice mistakes other people make . 
  i do n't always call them out on it , it is more of a coping mechanism to prevent me from adapting those mistakes . 
  reading too much reddit can bring me in the habbit of making stupid mistakes like confusing they 're and their that i would have never made in my pre-reddit time . 
  but spell checkers ca n't correct grammar ( or at least they do n't ) . 
  in that case a `` grammar nazi '' is the only way you are going to know that you made a mistake , and the only way you can learn from that mistake . 
  calling someone by his/her first name is a sign of familiarity and friendship . 
  in some groups ( red cross , pathfinders , among university students , at one workplace i was at ) these are implied and everybody calls everybody by their first name , but this is normally announced and the exception of the rule . 
  normally you call somebody by his last name and it can take anywhere from minutes to months until both of you agree to switch to first names . 
  or you stay with the last name forever because calling someone by their last name is a sign of respect . 
  on the other side , if you call somebody by his first name without mutual agreement to do so this is rude and a sign of disrespect while calling somebody by his last name long after you switched to first names this is a sign of distancing yourself from that person . 
  this is really one of those things where cultures have subtle or sometimes huge differences and those differences can easily lead to awkward situations . 
   what are the biggest do 's and do n'ts of your culture ? 
  we do n't want to risk offending you fine people . 
  relevant comments in a one month old related post : [ using the word nazi lightly ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/1s6zuj/europeans_of_reddit_what_is_a_fauxpas_that/cdul350 ) , [ calling `` strangers '' ( i.e. 
  not friends ) by their first names or touching them unnessesarily ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/1s6zuj/europeans_of_reddit_what_is_a_fauxpas_that/cdutspr ) and [ being unpunctual ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/1s6zuj/europeans_of_reddit_what_is_a_fauxpas_that/cdum70t ), 
  it 's probably more like : highly qualified people = expats , unqualified people : immigrants people from poor countries just happen to be often unqualified , while the unqualified people for rich countries do n't immigrate often . 
  nobody complains about highly skilled programmers from india , but an unskilled worker from india would be looked down on as an immigrant .
