i rarely come here lately because i get a sickish feeling in a lot of threads . 
  people like you ? 
  i have no words for how fucking dumb what you said is . 
  just what the fuck is going on in your head . 
  how the fuck do you not see that those are people like everyone else ? 
  you did n't really think that one through , did you ? 
  but you see , then they 're not actually our problem , so everything will be dandy in europe-ville , a bastion of humanity . 
  i 'm such an awful person , ai n't i ? 
  i am not acting like that . 
  i asked whether he would deny syrians much needed shelter , because they are generally seeking help because their home is no longer safe , and therefor a good example of refugees who have the right to seek asylum in germany . 
  if people against further refugees would differentiate between places of origin and were in favour of taking in all people who come from a country where their well-being was endangered , then fair enough , we can talk about that . 
  but they generalize and want to block all refugees , regardless of background . 
  so you 're not actually saying we should stop taking in refugees ? 
  because a lot of refugees would gladly return back home , were their lives not in danger . 
  so what would you have the syrians do ? 
  denying asylum and deporting refugees will end in far bigger disaster . 
  you know what ? 
  that is absolutely what i told everyone in germany to do , literally exactly what i was talking about here . 
  / s noone is asking you to do that you idiot . 
  right , nothing at all went into creating the laws and morals that define our society . 
  those just so happened to pop up . 
  we went through 2 world wars to get where we are . 
  `` it holds them because it holds them '' is bullshit , and you know that . 
   it 's based on nothing but personal interpretation of that set of values uh huh . 
  wonder who else does that . 
   and if we apply the freudian model , the intrapersonal conflict stems from the superego , not the subconscious , unless you have a comically bad concept of humanity . 
  i think you understood what i was talking about when mentioning the subconscious , but good thing you can fall back to ridicule me over a technicality that had nothing to do with my argument . 
  as i said earlier , no point talking to you . 
  and because the rest of the eu is acting like pricks , we should , too ? 
  i personally can not generate that pressure . 
  that pressure comes from society and the ethics and morals that society holds , and holds for good reasons . 
  i 'm not abusing their shame about sticking out , at no point have i told anyone that they are doing wrong because the majority disagrees with them . 
  they are wrong because in denying political refugees asylum , they are essentially disregarding the german constitution . 
  i 'm making them realize that they are conflicted about not helping people in need . 
  that conflict stems from their own subconscious . 
  i 'm not trying to influence extremists , because that would be a waste of time . 
  no `` breaking point '' is fine , but when we reach the situation where we are hurting ourselves to a degree where more people might suffer from taking in refugees than the refugees themselves will suffer from not being taken in , then we can talk about having too little to provide help . 
  the way we are currently treating refugees is suboptimal to say the least , but shutting the borders down wo n't solve anything in the big picture , and the big picture is what we have to have in mind in my opinion . 
  what methods are those , exactly ? 
  is me telling people my point of view an act of forcing them to share my values ? 
  i 'm not forcing anything here . 
  if people feel guilt because i tell them that i consider their morals and reasoning questionable , then those people might have to rethink their fucking agenda . 
  if you 're convinced you 're doing the right thing , then i wo n't change your mind . 
  what ? 
  do you not get that i am simply saying that there is a breaking point at which we literally can not support more refugees ? 
  once that is reached , no we wo n't be able to accept more . 
  because it will be literally impossible for us to do so without severly compromising our own safety and wealth . 
  but we are far from that point . 
  sure , put words in my mouth . 
  look , i 'm not sure how i employed deception , because as far as i am concerned we do actually have the funds to provide food and shelter for more people than we are now . 
  and if we have to choose between two evils ( which is pretty much what is happening here ) , then the one where we have to deal with a massive influx of refugees in germany seems like the lesser one compared to thousands of people starving getting told they 're not our problem . 
  those areas are inhabited predominantly by very poor people , which is at least as important a factor . 
  probably preferable to deporting people back into warzones , actually . 
  i am not sure , because that point has n't been reached yet . 
  but not now . 
  we 're far from running into serious trouble because of the number of refugees at the moment . 
  that 's going to change in the future , but right now , we can handle some more . 
  despicable me , trying to enforce moral standards i thought we established around 1800 . but sure , as soon as you think your way of life might be in danger , go ahead and shut it all out . 
  the rest of the world can deal with the problem . 
  you know , i was going to start to explain to you why your hatred for immigrants and muslims in general is wrong , but it wo n't achieve anything since you are clearly a lost cause in that regard . 
  i hope you never have to live in a place like stuttgart or berlin where there 's lots and lots of muslim people living happily in germany as german citizens . 
  i would n't be able to guilt-trip people if denying refugees shelter was n't such a shitty thing to do . 
  it is an immensely complex issue , and wo n't be solved by just accepting everyone in and putting them into an empty flat . 
  which we could do , by the way , there 's literally millions of empty housing-units across the country . 
  but solving the underlying issues will take time , and until we can even begin to come close to a solution , we have to - in my opinion - try to give as much as we can to help . 
  help the refugees , but also help states like italy and greece . 
  the alternative is to stop accepting new arrivals and tell the countries that have most of the people coming in to deal with it . 
  would make us fine members of the international community . 
  the majority ? 
  really ? 
  i know very little about you , but if you and your friends think that there is no possible way for germany to take in more refugees , aka people in dire need of help , then that points to a certain mindset i would n't exactly call kind or friendly . 
  you mean you would not call yourselves a clearly derogatory term ? 
  wow . 
  is anybody you know even close to experiencing any kind of change in regards to personal income or wealth because of growing refugee numbers ? 
  that means we could take more . 
  all because of the l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  i know i know , german citizen , but why leave the vaterland ? 
  and , if he is located in albania , how does a guy like he seems to be put up with all those foreigners ? 
  he is sporting an albanian flag though , so i am kind of confused . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  yeah exactly . 
  ca n't say how many of them hold german citizenship though . 
  good , then i 'll tag you as dumb joke greek, 
  hey , just so i can tag you appropriately , are you serious ? 
  especially in the big cities in southern germany . 
  the turkish families who live there are people who came to germany after the second world war because they were offered work and are extremely well integrated . 
  sure , call us uneducated , that 'll help bring your point across . 
  have you not killed each other enough to realize that war and violence achieve nothing ? 
  it sickens me how fucking backwards you guys are . 
  the fact that so many serbs are angry about losing the war and do not realize that they were at fault , that they needed to be stopped is a massive problem . 
  was the opposing side `` good '' ? 
  of course not , that 's fucking war for you , that 's why it needs to end . 
  but people like you wo n't let that happen , will you ? 
  because you are harboring this idiotic hate for people you do not know , because neither side wants to forgive . 
  nope she should n't . 
  edit : oh no you guys do n't agree with me . 
  well i guess i deserve those downvotes . 
  and you think the un would just ignore morocco attacking another nation ? 
  there 's still the un . 
  i was looking for a way to illustrate me shaking my head but in text form .
