yes !, 
  a few screw 's loose . . 
  i get you man . . that said . . 
  i do n't think a job and/or girlfriend would help . . that 's the equivalent of a praying the gay away, 
  balls again ... 
  this did not go according to plan ... 
  you mean the mental illness called `` the mass hysteria of confirmation bias '' ? 
  ha ha !, 
  nice !, 
  balls !, 
  we should have seen this coming . . we need a code word for `` him '' . . 
  o'brien seems to sue everyone who mentions his name these days to be fair, 
  a bunch of protesters in my town are convinced that water charges introduced earlier this year along with a new property tax introduced last year are a plot by , and i quote , `` ze germans '' to quietly take over ireland ... 
  they are running for elected office now too so they can find the documents and uncover the truth . . 
  yup . . 
  he 's right . . 
  pretty sure he was an ira commander . . plus does n't the mcconville 's or some one else who talked to the oral project at penn state pretty much say so ? 
  you mean the firing range for the defense forces ? 
  i think i 've heard of this carlow ... 
  man . . dundalk is silent . . 
  there is very few yes badges on show , equality tee 's and virtually no business with the business for equality campaign . . was in dublin last weekend , and man . . blown the fuck away at how different a world dublin !, 
  85km and i felt like i was in another world it was that different !, 
  i admire your optimism but , i think we have to be honest about the situation and see the coming failure . . that said , i 'd love to take a dump on the door step of the iona institute if it passes !, 
  true , but that 's the only referendum with actual statistics that break down why age . . 
  i hate to disagree on it passing but . . man there is a huge silent no vote out there . . you been canvasing ? 
  outside of dublin . . 
  it 's fucking scary . . 
  no ... we have the worst 18-35 turn out imaginable . . 
  overall turn out to referenda is 39 % based on a 2013 referendum and that was a a lot of older people . . on top of this , a lot of people are scared by the posters the no campaign have and that coupled with the genuinely real stereotype of us being shackled backwards catholics does n't help . . my prediction is 60 \u00b1 1 % no 40 \u00b1 1 % 1 \u00b1 0.5 % spoiled . 
  with a poor turn out from over 18-40 and a large majority of 55 + turnout . 
  all that said , if it passes , i 'll be fucking ecstatic !, 
  when i was younger all i wanted to do was drive a tank . 
  i had no concept of what war was or could be like because i was 5 , i just wanted to do it and now at 25 , intelligible to join the tank-less irish defence forces with lots of friends in the dutch and danish militaries , i really wish i did join the army of that we had conscription for those exact reasons . . and i do n't care that i would rarely see the inside of a tank !, 
  and even though we are a neutral country , at a time like now , where ireland is experiencing terrible flooding , maybe the worst in recorded history , things might be much easier if we had a supply of ex-navy personal to man river boats for evacuation , ex-air corps to man reserve helicopters and bring supplies to people stranded and ex-combat engineers to build flood defences and do a great job of it, 
  hence the invertacomma 's . . 
  i honestly think that the usa is third world oligarchy sometimes based solely on what i see in their newspapers , how poor the vast , vast majority of people are and how corrupt their lobbying system is , to the point that they have the rich in business giving money to the rich in power so that everyone in the rich category benefits from something happening . . lockheed martin and the f35 is a great example that 's going to have many problems here in europe and is a giant waste of time for nato countries . . or halibirton and both bush administration 's have profited from both iraqi wars . . 
  hang on . . 
  i go for an interview with s-it inside digit and i get my expenses paid to a point , but includes 2 days food , a hotel stay , all my transport and i got a full medical for free including a visit to an optician . . and interns get about fuck nothing . . ? 
  that 's fucking ridiculous on a side note , that a great way to piss off the future employees who actively want to work for the commission , parliament and other eu institution 's, 
  i beg to differ . . a lot of my mates are wondering what to say to their parents who since brexit harbour some of the same feelings as the people who voted leave . . also there 's a bunch of water protestors in dundalk every friday morning and lunchtime who went from anti-water charge protesters to anti-europe anti-free trade . . 
  the question is more how many people believe that . . and my hope is that we at totaly pro eu !, 
  also , great username mate !, 
  personally , as a student , in dublin , other than rent , things are going pretty great !, 
  like back at home , nearly everyone complains about lacking money and the recession but are also nearly all renovating their houses and buying new cars or going on huge holidays . . like i know people who went to nyc to go christmas shopping last december . . 
  personally i think it is having an effect but no one really wants to admit it and is happier somehow to be pessimistic about the situation . 
  but then again it 's very irish to be pesimistic about a good thing, 
  i think part of the reason for the loss of some of the electorate is that fg pleaded with ff voters in 2011 to switch sides and the ff voters went back to ff edit missing words, 
  depends on the founder . 
  look at oculus , not google but i digress , they have continually refined their tech and made improvements because as i said in another comment , sometimes the tech and innovations are done and other times they are n't and they need work or even as in the case of deepmind they have branched out from interesting research into selling software products to the nhs in the uk and more research in new areas . 
  boston dynamics too had new robots or old ones doing new things every 3 to 6 months before google sold them to softbank a few weeks ago . 
  sometimes your bang on as with google 's purchase of doubleclick but doubleclick are still going and working on making advertising software for google and the advertising landscape keeps changing and you know that doubleclick and google are working to either catch up or be on top . 
  they are still innovating even when bought up for competition . 
  now i 'm not saying that innovation never dies when your bought up . 
  what i am saying is that it 's not so clear cut . 
  and as someone who may be competing with google in coming years , i can tell you i wo n't be selling out for any amount of money and that 's not because i do n't see myself innovating anymore but because i feel google would trample on some of the ethical choices i 've made in how my software works, 
  funny enough , i had to check what turnover was myself !, 
  i 'm starting a business and all i ever hear about is revenue so i had to do some googling ( it 's inescapable ) . 
  also cheers for that link to a comment , i shameless nicked it for another comment, 
  yes , but that does n't mean they ca n't innovate while bought up by google and may of google 's acquisitions do . 
  aquihires are another thing though, 
  no problem !, 
  i 'm not sure we 're going to see more and more of this since it can be easy to homogeneise your products for the market with the highest regulations . 
  like take a look at the back of any electronic device you 'll see the fcc and the ce logo since the product confirms to both the eu and us markets for ease of sale . 
  i think your bang on about the cultures part . 
  some of the other threads that are from outside europe and spesifically in the us seem baffled that the eu regulates what they see as so heavily while most european centric subs seem to see it as google being punished for abusing their position, 
  philips are most definitely european . 
  if you want to see european companies fined this is a great comment http://reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/6jrnzt/google_has_been_fined_24bn_27bn_21bn_by_the/djgndtw also if you 'd like to dig in more , i did provide a link above to the ec 's complete history of anti-trust suites, 
  i feel you 've been unfairly downvoted since i know where your coming from with the language of economics , but this is n't an economic issue per se but a legal issue in which google has massive market power . 
  in this case google has massive market power and is abusing it , hence the antitrust . 
  turnover or revenue , it 's the same thing , earnings before profit . 
  which you use is your prerogative, 
  i actually made a comment on google 's business model in another branch of this comment tree about google 's business model and 88 % of the model is not on prominent placement of keywords , that is seo . 
  google 's model is selling your search to advertisers . 
  now the issue here is not that . 
  the issue here is that the european commission has evidence that google is abusing it 's power in the search industry to disadvantage it 's competitors in other industries . 
  if they did n't have the evidence then google would crush the ec in court . 
  even if my understanding of google 's business is wrong , it 's irrelevant because that 's what the ec 's issue is and they have done their homework and they know the law more than us, 
  that 's a very good comment !, 
  i had something similar in another comment , but with information directly from the ec . 
  i find it interesting that the commenter says some fines were measley . 
  i have n't dug into it , but i know they are fined as a percentage of global parent company revenue so it would be interesting to see how the fines stack up when you compare alphabet to an eu company, 
  google is free because they are selling you to advertisers , not giving it away . 
  the problem here is that google is prioritising itself over the competition and that is abusing it 's power and position in the market, 
  google are a natural monopoly . 
  they were the best by far and competitors have come and gone but no one really competes . 
  we laugh at microsoft for trying bing and yahoo are , well yahoo . 
  i use duckduckgo and love it but no matter how much preaching i do about it , people always ask me , even privacy minded techies why i bother because it 's not as good as google to some and to other the benefits of ddg are pointless . 
  yeah , it 's not hard to make a search engine , but it is really hard to make a google competitor . 
  and even if you do , you have to make people switch away from their choice to another service . 
  it 's just not so simple unfortunately as goes controling avenues of distribution . 
  google are trying . 
  trying mighty hard . 
  they have a monopoly of the search industry , maybe the email , probably online video and they are trying to control the airwaves and cables that get the services to you . 
  the ec says itself that it is `` targeting what companies do , not the flag they fly under '' . 
  it just so happens that american companies are breaching regulation and it makes the news , like when intel basically bribed oem 's into using intel over amd , or when microsoft was told to give users a choice of web browser and media player because you should have a choice . 
  but we go after other other companies from other countries like [ samsung ] ( eur-lex . europa.eu / legal-content/en/txt / html / ? uri = celex :52014 xc1004 ( 01 ) & from = en ) , or [ infineon , philips , samsung , renesas and mitsubishi ] ( eur-lex . europa.eu / legal-content/en/txt / html / ? uri = celex :52017 xc0127 ( 01 ) & from = en ) and [ many many more cases if you dig in ] ( ec.europa.eu / competition/sectors/ict / cases.html ) and find that the antitrust cases are to many , many more people than the us . 
  yeah but i once heard the previous taoiseach of ireland , enda kenny , talking about a conversation he had with joe biden . 
  fine geal , enda 's party , who in ireland are considered center right to right would in the us be considered towards the far left in the us . 
  if that is the barrier for liberal in the us , that puts perspective the views of the wapo and nyt . 
  that said , it 's always good to read papers from other countries and get a feel for how other places think about what we are doing and how we do it so as not to get caught in our own echo chamber .
