as is to be expected from trade negotiations ? 
  depends on the topic . 
  european right wingers are interested in different things than american conservatives . 
  europeans did take over most of the planet . 
  they 've just been relinquishing control for the past century or so . 
  the thought of a le pen presidency is too depressing to contemplate . 
  oh god , i was born there on the belgian side . 
  by this definition sovereignty does n't exist . 
  almost all nations , usa included , are bound by international agreements and treaties . 
  honestly though , die linke and afd are the worst parties . 
  i get why afd is currently getting some votes , but die linke is totally beyond me . 
  whenever any of their representatives makes a statement , i just have to shake my head . 
  is it just me , or are polish politicians saying the dumbest things lately ? 
  true , but i think he 's always far too dramatic . 
  i seriously doubt russia will collapse soviet style . 
  my dad enjoys it ... 
  absolute economic size is n't everything . 
  usa has better institutions and has a far stronger appeal to bright immigrants than china . 
  also , china is geopolitically isolated . 
  nobody apart from russia is really friendly with china . 
  usa has strong allies in europe , asia , oceania and elsewhere . 
  democracies stick together . 
  i do n't see south korea , japan or australia buddying up with china at the expense of their relationship with usa anytime soon . 
  did n't even need to finish reading to know this was stratfor . 
  friedman has some pretty whacky ideas . 
  having read his book `` the next 100 years '' i 'd be highly surprised if any of his predictions turn out to be true . 
  i would say the relative decline of europe 's importance is implicit in an imagined fragmentation of the continent . 
  also , i do n't see usa 's influence going anywhere , considering it is the world 's third most populous nation , and far ahead of any other nation in matters of economy , technology and military . 
  i do want to point out that the whole idea of audiences sitting silently during a performance is a relatively recent idea . 
  displaying one 's pleasure or displeasure as might be the case during a performance was common in the 19th century and earlier . 
  while i do n't condone this sort of behavior , i do want to point out that certain repertoire will forever remain `` too avant-garde '' for the average listener . 
  the notion that progress necessitates the avant-garde to eventually be normalized is in my view fallacious . 
  what 's driving growth in iceland ? 
  fanitullen is n't actually a tune . 
  it 's more like a `` genre '' . 
  there 's different fanitullen tunes across different regions of norway . 
  as you might have guessed , that tune was also a fanitullen tune . 
  from valdres . 
  norwegian halling https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxhnwytuiqq, 
  europ\u00e4ische bundesrepublik or european federal republic :d, 
  i kind of really like that anthem . 
  austrians are really clever : they 've convinced the whole world that mozart was austrian and hitler was german . 
  norge ca n't into great cities though . 
   :( aside from bergen , anyways . 
  - poor siddis, 
  what 's the plan for replacing gas ? 
  wait a few decades for batteries to improve ? 
  i dunno , i thought arnold schwarzenegger was from australia at age 16 after having lived a year in austria ... 
   you claim that nazis would had been more genocidal than communists ? 
  i challenge your claim and make a counter-claim that they would n't . 
  they undoubtedly were . 
  they slaughtered jews , gypsies and other `` untermenschen '' because of their ethnicities . 
  stalin sent people to the gulag because they opposed his regime . 
  not that the end result was any better , but hitler 's motivations were clearly genocidal while stalin 's were not . 
  as for mao , most of the people who died under his leadership did so due to his idiotic economic policies rather than his gulags . 
   allrighty then . 
  indigenous people textile nationalism , or tex-mex hotdog nationalism , for example . 
  do n't you realize how ridiculous you sound ? 
  what is nationalism to you , then ? 
  if it is n't cultural then what 's your angle ? 
  it 's been shown time and time again that international cooperation and trade fosters peace and prosperity . 
  when was the last major war in this age of globalism ? 
  clearly , if the wellbeing of your people is your highest priority , you should embrace the international order . 
   something is telling me that you will find yourself not on the right side of history . 
  it does appear that internationalism is cyclical . 
  last time went from 1870-1914 . 
  hopefully we 're farsighted enough to see where increased insularity got us last time . 
  political nationalism has proven time and time again that it 's a divisive , destructive ideology . 
  if we look at the furthest extremes of both nationalism , the nazis and socialism , the soviets , i 'll agree that overall socialism has done more damage , especially in china . 
  however , i do n't believe that 's the case because soviet style socialism is worse . 
  nazi nationalism was destroyed in ww2 . 
  if it had been victorious , i have little doubt it would have committed atrocities even more dire than those of mao and stalin . 
  note , i 'm not against a sort of cultural or artistic nationalism , to foster local arts and crafts , cuisine , etc , but political nationalism has to go . 
  not that i have a cock in this fight , but india had no representation in british government . 
  ireland did . 
  if that 's true , that 's a great shame . 
  declining to engage in free trade with our most powerful ideological partner seems like a huge missed opportunity . 
  insofar in that it promotes inter european free trade . 
  i 'm a long time reader , and have read quite a few columns rather critical of the eu . 
   this is in the long-term interest of the uk . 
  that remains to be seen . 
  if that does happen , i 'd be happy to see a nordic federal state . 
  cod wars iv : a new hope, 
  or we all just keep speaking in english to each other , like we do right now . 
  rekt . 
  yeah , blame the eu for that , instead of russia ... 
  the idea that ornamented buildings are significantly more expensive to build than modernist buildings is a myth . 
  i live in vienna , so i know . 
  and i think they ruin views from places like the belvedere palace . 
  also , there 's awful modern buildings right in the middle of the city , like sofitel at schwedenplatz . 
  i prefer stucco over nothing . 
  good old train stations like grand central blend aesthetic quality with function . 
  ugh i hate it . 
  it looks so awful . 
  i wish they would n't mess up historical european capitals with cheap and ugly highrises . 
  yep , france is just about the only major country on the right demographic path in europe , and even they are n't currently breeding at replacement levels . 
  i get that we 're on the erdogan hate bandwagon right now , and justly so , and the way he puts it is silly . 
  but consider this : maternity is a necessity . 
  if women by and large choose not to have children civilization is over . 
  i 'm not saying having children should be a requirement , but in europe we need to take a serious look at our current demographics and figure out a way to deal with our current predicament .
