  believe it or not the somali government is doing great and it 's largely thanks to assistance from ethiopia , kenya , and the un . 
  wait what ? 
  so because my country passed some backwards legislation years in the past , that means my opinion is invalid ? 
  * clearly * europe is perfect ... 
  if it 's ok for refugees to settle in old rusty boats , what about them flying over in planes ? 
  because the reason why westerners wanted gaddafi overthrown was for humanitarian purposes . 
  remember , he was killing political dissidents by the thousands and keeping even more in chains in makeshift basement prisons . 
  too bad 80 + % of countries ( mine included ) do not give a shot about refugees . 
  like when was the last time china or russia accepted refugees the way the netherlands has ? 
  wait armenia took the majority of turkey by force , slaughtered half of the turkish population , seized their possessions and destroyed their homes , and has influenced enough countries to keep turkey politically , geographically , and economically isolated ever since ? 
  latin america is the future . 
  if things ever get bad here in california for whatever reason i 'm going to panama or colombia . 
  why not china though ? 
  why are the eu and the us/canada the only ones who are supposed to have morality ? 
  lol , the only reason why this shot is happening is because you `` humanitarians '' botched the damn job in the first place . 
  do n't claim moral superiority when all of this is the result of what you advocated for . 
  *** 5 years later funny how all the liberals were criticizing the us and europe for originally not getting involved against gaddafi and bashar al-assad are now criticizing them for doing * exactly what they wanted to . 
  * damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  `` i disagree with them , so that means they are n't who they say they are ! '', 
  there are armed insurgencies in aceh , mindanao , sulawesi , and west papua . 
  would you support refugees flying over in old helicopters and airplanes ? 
  so if the united states annexes the hebrides , claims it as it does to puerto rico or the marianas , and 80,000 americans settle there , is it really american ? 
  but patagonians are incorporated into argentine society . 
  that 's a horrible comparison . 
  12 million people live in nyc . 
  i 'm not saying argentina should * annex * london , they should have the islands literally on it 's doorstep . 
  a better comparison would be like the uk with martha 's vineyard , but even then that 's a shitty comparison . 
  how do you expect a weak currency to be strong without strong economies ? 
  if poland , czech republic , danmark , etc joined than the eurozone would n't be as weak . 
  sounds fine with me . 
  most bosnian orthodox serbs would probably support that , especially as bosnia is becoming more islamicized . 
  but they used to have it . 
  the non-ez eu countries need to get over themselves and join the eu already . 
  i 'm talking to you , denmark , sweden , and poland . 
  it 's ridiculous that europeans want to be competitive on the world stage while at the same time further balkanizing themselves . 
  there 's no benefit of fracturing into smaller and smaller countries other than `` muh blood '' and `` muh cultural superiority '' . 
  albania should annex kosovo , romania should annex moldova , bulgaria too with macedonia , france with wallonia and luxemburg , czechoslovakia should reunite , etc. 
  there should be no effort to preserve minority languages , and trying to revive near-dead languages like breton or irish or welsh is ridiculous . 
  instead of trying to learn a language that * nobody * speaks outside of a group of less than 1.5 million people who are all bilingual anyway , why not learn chinese or arabic or japanese or a language actually useful on the international level ? 
  there 's a reason why they do n't force us to learn cherokee or ojibwe in american schools . 
  it 's because spanish , german , etc are actually worth the hundreds of hours studying . 
  more political pressure should be placed on turkey for occupying cyprus , denying genocides , trying to become more islamic , and supporting isis by proxy . 
  i do n't know how turkey can be considered an eu candidate when they have all these atrocities going on . 
  the uk should just give up the falklands to argentina . 
  who cares about those frozen rocks ? 
  they 're just keeping a legacy of imperialism and using that to intimidate the rest of the non-european world . 
  * all * immigrants to europe must accept enlightenment values if they want to get in . 
  this includes feminism and lgbt rights . 
  they can keep their religion , they can keep their culture and customs , but if they do n't think that women , gays , jews , etc are equal , then they should be turned back . 
  you want to live in a country where women are treated as subhuman and jews and lgbt people are lynched on sight ? 
  there 's a perfect country for you , and that 's called the shithole you just came from . 
  i honestly do n't care if these ideals need to be rammed down their throats . 
  if you ca n't treat others with compassion and empathy , expect none yourself . 
  welcome to the west , bitch . 
  albania should just annex kosovo . 
  romania and moldova should reunite , bulgaria and macedonia , as well as czechoslovakia . 
  thirded . 
  corruption and apathy about said corruption, 
  if you 're going to take countless hours upon hours studying it just for the heck of it , then yes . 
  trying to learn a near-dead language because of `` muh ancestry '' is supremacy and xenophobia . 
  i live in california and nobody 's trying to teach chumash in schools because they 're not stupid . 
  instead of learning a language nobody else speaks outside of an area of 500 square kilometers , why not learn spanish or japanese or italian or arabic ? 
  wanting to keep useless and inconvenient languages alive purely for `` muh culture '' ... typical sweden . 
  how is learning a useless nationalistic language a good thing ? 
  what 's the benefit other than for ethnic supremacy and xenophobia ? 
  sint maarten will finally be united !, 
  pacific rim stronk !, 
  reality check but these are eastern europeans you 're talking to . 
  they 've suffered under communism for decades and no amount of `` but not * all * communism ! '', 
  will change hearts anytime soon . 
  that 's like attempting to convince an abuse victim to reconsider because their abuser is n't abusive * all * the time . 
  saaremaa is now the 6th japanese island < 3, 
  i 'm sure most living in the baltics , moldova , georgia , and ukraine have a right to be `` russophobic '' . 
  they do n't teach it in us schools . 
  our textbooks go up to the collapse of the iron bloc , and those are the * newer * textbooks . 
  heck , you 're lucky if your history teacher even reaches the last chapter before summer starts . 
  we only made it up to the vietnam war in my hs history class . 
  this is literally the same argument putin used to invade ukraine . 
  omg lmao, 
  cyprus was originally near 100 % greek before the turks invaded it . 
  they have much right to cyprus as they do transylvania . 
  \\*\\*\\* that would be ** helenic ** cool, 
  it has too much greece . 
  most interesting : malta . 
  probably has the highest history/area density out of all countries in the world . 
  least : sweden , lithuania , moldova , macedonia , serbia , bosnia , poland , luxembourg, 
  but legoland !, 
  cyprus is culturally european however, 
  poland can of going in mars colony !, 
  rover will into glorious hussar !, 
   everyone speaks the same language you 'd be surprised . 
  in some parts you can live your whole life without speaking a word of english . 
  going back brandenburg used to be separate from prussia . 
  prussia was centered around k\u00f6nigsburg and memel on the baltic , but then it formed it 's union with brandenburg . 
  i really hope they stick with the euro . 
  things * will * get better with time , and quitting for the drachma is a temporary relief that they * will * regret later once the ez is thriving again . 
  and if greece leaves the euro , what will stop spain , then cyprus , then portugal , then italy ? 
  let 's not turn the euro into a tripartite only between france , germany , and austria . 
  i find it funny that germany , a modern country unified by prussia , hardly contains any original prussian land because of territorial losses from the world wars . 
  prussia , once the prime locus of the german state , is now completely removed from germany .
