this is huge for latvia , the baltic states ... scratch that , eastern europe as a whole . 
  a great step for lgbt progress . 
  russia is becoming less and less relevant by the day . 
  there 's a reason why putin is trying to rope in ukraine ... he 's desperate . 
  in a few years , the combined population of russia and its eurasian cronies will be less than bangladesh 's . 
  in a decade , i ca n't see russia being anything other than a country with an economy on par with moldova 's ( while the former communist eu countries like poland and slovakia and the rest of the world continue to rise ) , its already sickly demographics fleeing to the likes of china , germany , and canada . 
  heck , my bet is that in 20 years ( a relatively short time considering the ussr imploded a quarter of a century ago ) , russia 's 2014 borders will be containing a few smaller countries . 
  i would n't be surprised if china , facing an economical crisis in the near future , decides to establish a puppet in siberia giving the local siberian/turkic people power in exchange for endless rare mineral resources ... or even funding dagestani rebels to get a lil oil out of the caspian basin . 
  i mean , russia lost the cold war once , but at least the ussr had that whole solid-as-a-bloc thing we call the warsaw pact going on . 
  yeah , good luck with getting poland and albania back , ( or lmao , a part of germany , in your dreams putin ) , when you ca n't even get back your ukrainian brothers . 
  now who does putin have ? 
  well iran , belarus ( the beloved 47th oblast ) and the - stans , serbia , and a begrudging armenia ( who has no choice ) sounds like a pretty ragtag bunch , considering nato has pretty much a monopoly over europe . 
  fortunately to the rest of us , russia is the sick man of the modern world . 
  a century or so after their former ottoman nemesis collapsed , they 'll soon meet the same demise . 
  every eastern european country except for like belarus and east ukraine says that . 
  only like part of northern dobruja , so ... that 'd be like calling missouri `` southern '', 
   romania  balkan what, 
  i think that 's actually a skateboard ... which raises more questions, 
  it looks like a barn way out of place, 
  and it 's been surprisingly peaceful ( in terms of religious conflict ) since the crusades . 
  no i mean russia owned ukraine once , and for the last 60 years of its empire , it was very weak . 
  tsardom/empire , it 's just semantics, 
  uhh the russian tsardom was probably the most poorly performing countries up until its collapse , right with qing china , ottoman turkey , and austria-hungary . 
  russia + ukraine = * soooo * scary * o0o00ooooh * ... 
  i kinda doubt that , since i 've heard a ton of hispanophobia from brits on reddit alone . 
  and because of that most american jews are either neutral-to-negative in support of israel . 
  it 's more the evangelical types that support it . 
  not really , unless you 're talking about fox , which is n't * all * american journalism . 
  cnn and msnbc are pretty gung-ho about `` muh evil jewwish state '', 
  at least 10 ? 
  2014 russia is on-par with 1984 america . 
  russia could 've been among the likes of finland or south korea , or at least romania and cyprus , now look at it . 
  what a joke . 
  yeah , this is the shit that i 'm talking about . 
  i live in liberal california , and `` jewish '' orange county at that . 
  but i never hear anything like `` jews are cool '' like i hear about black/trans/gay people , do n't hear much pro-jew or pro-israel stuff like i do pro-women or pro-lgbt . 
  but when i do hear about jews , it 's `` our evil j00ish overlords in t3h media/bad gubbmint/big pharma/lobbies ! 11 !! '', 
  so thanks for proving me right , i guess, 
  seriously . 
  the us is not nearly as accepting of jews as people push it on reddit , i have no clue why our government gives them billions . 
  no kidding . 
  she 's like the sarah palin of the left . 
  i ca n't believe that shit-clogged colon was able to get re-elected . 
  i have neighbors from izmir and they speak of him like he 's a modern mussolini wishing to restore `` order '' to the `` old homelands '' . 
  yeah , there are still tons of greeks/egyptians/armenians / syrians completely pissed about what the oe did to their ancestors ... 
  do n't forget hungary , croatia , and ( hopefully ) slovakia !, 
   last 100 years it 'd be either fdr , jfk , or clinton . 
   comparing muslims to cancer ok, 
   it 's like saying texas should give up a part of it to mexico because it 's full of people from mexico . 
  i think they should . 
  after all , texas was originally mexican land . 
  but not all muslims are islamists . 
  i wonder what would 've happen if she followed through . 
  something something `` muh false flag '' fuck those conspiratards . 
  isis is a real threat , and a * horrifyingly * real threat at that . 
  sickens me what 's happening right now . 
  like scandinavia had any grace to begin with lol, 
  unfortunately those two have lost a ton of influence and are continuing waning in power as we speak . 
  warsaw is the new madrid , and bucharest is the new rome . 
  nakhchivan  __ , 
  this is so depressing and infuriating and awful and horrifying all at the same time . 
  imply that anything dish is the same in every state . 
  heck , boba milk tea is different depending on where you go in socal . 
  yeah , we 're pretty stuck with what we have : /, 
  no exactly , we should scrap our base-10 arithmetic system ( or whatever you call it ) if we had \u00b5 instead of 11 and \u2021 instead of 12 ( or something like that ) , our 1728 would be 1000 instead . 
  you could also be loyal to the home fight , ya know ... 
  and there are some * 12 million * lgbt people in russia . 
  can we invade russia to protect people who actually need protection ? 
   loyalist yeah , that 's not a biased name or anything . 
  here they 're called tories . 
  omg this is brilliant , we need a version of this for the states !, 
  why are you guys so fixated with clovers and harps ? 
  and people who are fun at parties !, 
  con chile, 
  it kinda pisses me off that metric uses base 10 instead of 12 . 
  like wtf ? 
  hahahaha what, 
  seriously ? 
  anaconda is actually well-produced , has a great beat and melody , and the lyrics are clever as fuck . 
  nicki is the queen of rap , she beats out shit like radiohead or daft punk anyday . 
  korean ? 
  a lot of words are also taken from chinese , such as dai from da ( big ) . 
  yeah , cuz we 're totally invading toronto to `` protect '' our ethnic white north americans ... 
   greek flip their shit over macedonia oh yeah lol, 
  last time i checked mexico and brazil and argentina are n't freaking out over `` usa '' , and romania is n't flipping shit over moldova, 
  but universal human equality is one of the biggest tenets of humanism, 
  iberia ? 
  or just spain , with more freedom for catalunya like scotland in the uk . 
  exactly . 
  they have the extremism of their dogma , but the privileged tools they gained from being western . 
  but boy they sure do help . 
  that 's like saying a knife ca n't turn a non-murderer into a murderer . 
  yet feminists and egalitarians and humanists are all at each other 's throats ... who cares ? 
  why ca n't you be all 3 ? 
  supporting equal rights for women , equal rights for all genders , and equal rights for all humans are n't exclusive , you all should be on the same side for goodness sake !, 
  this sounds crazy , but maybe they could meet halfway ? 
  kinda like austria-hungary ? 
  oh god i 'm so bad at world politics, 
  for an agency so keen on journalistic integrity , do they have an amazing silence when it comes to their world cup . 
  your comment was just a nice way to handwave the horrible bigotry in the middle east .
