  it 's because they know . 
  they know what it 's like to work under people 's , they know the struggle of working tireless hours to make ends meet and support our families , they know the horrible struggle about fitting in a foreign country ( thank god i 'm a california native ) , they know the struggle of getting here in the first place . 
  so why be rude to the staff , knowing that your daughter raylene works at a different norm 's on the other side of the 55 . 
  i think oddly , a lot of it tho has to do with class , or more specifically geography . 
  when i used to live in a chicano area , i 'd get looks or little comments like `` what 's white kid doing here '' , or `` whitey got off the freeway too soon '' ( in reference to gated communities being up the 57 ) there 's * definitely * a mentality with `` you stay in your neighborhood i stay in mine '' with a depressingly large amount of latinos which simultaneously confuses and enrages the hell out of me . 
  the worst part is i have a horrible spanish accent , like really bad . 
  almost as bad as secondary speakers . 
  despite speaking at home , but as a kid all my cartoons and video games are in english so that left a bad stain on me . 
  my dad is bilingual , his dad is as well , but my grandma 's from jew york so with them it 's always english ... shame my mom 's espa\u00f1ol-only mom rarely visits despite being 80 kilometers closer than my dad 's . 
  being multicultural , my parents took an extremely laissez faire approach to language , but as english is the dominate language in american culture , the dominate culture , i was inundated in anglo . 
  plus , i took 4 years of japanese in hs and 2 in college , so i do n't even know spanish from a literary or academic viewpoint . 
  i constantly misspell words like `` hoy '' because i never learned how to spell . 
  but yeah , i get made fun of too many times for that . 
  many times bilingual speakers switch to english because they think they 're doing me a favor . 
  i 'm fluent , i just sound like if dolly parton took rosetta for a week . 
  but hey , being the other way around would probably worse . 
  being pale as i am with my mom 's spicy cha cha voice ... that 'd turn heads . 
  the reason pr is n't a state is because although they voted for statehood by a slight margin in 2012 , the republicans ( and an unfortunate number of democrats ) are kicking and screaming , refusing them statehood because they 're majority-latino and spanish speaking . 
  i 'm actually pretty glad they are n't a state , because i fear spanish would be practically flushed out after a generation or two like what happened in guam and the spanish pacific , and one could argue in the philippines and alta california/nuevo mexico as well . 
  also taxes would shoot through the roof . 
  being a light latino in the service industry , i sometimes get snide comments from other ( mainly mexican or central american ) people who assume i do n't speak spanish . 
  i 'd prefer the rudeness/prejudice did n't happen at all , but i have to admit it 's pretty fun killing them with kindness and exposing their bullshit . 
  this is southern california you pendejos , it should be `` bilingual before proven gringo '' , not the other way around . 
  celtic languages are so cool . 
  it sounds like you could still speak normally if someone cut your tongue out . 
  well we all know right off the bat they all took place in a basement . 
  you said palanga 's not the classiest place ... that 's a motif i 've heard once before . 
  i 've been looking at an eastern europe trip with friends , one if them is lithuanian . 
  is it really true that palanga is kinda run down and is like the european equivalent of myrtle beach or atlantic city ? 
  would you recommend memel or should i just go to the beach in another country ? 
  no , we 're fine with our immigrants . 
  but the difference is we get immigrants from latin america and east asia who refuse welfare and actually contribute to our economy , compared to immigrants from the middle east who leech off welfare and despise western society . 
  unfortunately you 're a rarity . 
  when it comes between them , the feelings of muslims almost always take precedence over the rights of gay people . 
  turkey 's radicalizing however . 
  and they love sa a helluva lot more than their neighbor to the east . 
  that 's greenland you silly, 
  - drops mic -, 
  she 's the hillary clinton of europe . 
  b-but being gay is a choice !, 
  send em to saudi arabia . 
  if they want to live in a fascist theocracy , send them to a fascist theocracy . 
  and it 's not entitled for the men to control how woman dress , think , and act ? 
  some common foreign slang where i live : eureka ( greek ) , \u00fcber ( german ) , conbini ( japanese ) , vino ( italian ) , basta ( italian/spanish ) , grande ( italian/spanish ) , r\u00e1pido ( spanish ) , ma\u00f1ana ( spanish ) , caliente ( spanish ) , aqu\u00ed ( spanish ) , pi\u00f1a ( spanish ) , ven ( spanish ) , amigo ( spanish ) basically any common word in spanish you can use as a synonym in english . 
  yet where i live there 's more chinese and korean speakers but there 's no influence of those cultures whatsoever in our language . 
  i mean spanish has a big influence on me cuz i speak it but i hear non-spanish speakers saying things like agua all the time . 
  you mean racist . 
  he 's not , he 's just pointing out the hypocrisy . 
  if european countries that are already in atrocious economic circumstances like italy , spain , and greece are hesitant to treat refugees like princes , they 're racist white devils . 
  but countries like russia or china could literally bomb refugee boats into swiss cheese and nobody would bat an eye . 
  heck , malaysia 's been slaughtering burmese refugees and nobody really cares . 
  but oh , if someone dares to say on / r/europe that accepting refugees by the millions is a bad idea , they 're from stormfront of course !, 
  the standards that the world holds for developed/western countries is ridiculous when other countries are doing so much worse . 
  because staying in a war torn country is so much better ? 
  so ... yes, 
  most of africa is desert or dry savana where only the hardiest grasses can grow . 
  ok because as a corollary to rape culture , i 've heard quite a few times that `` men ca n't be victims of rape '' , as `` white people ca n't be victims of racism . '', 
  i agree with all of you , i 'm just stating my surprise as my experiences with feminists have been seen through structures of ( systematic ) power and privilege rather than what they actually are . 
  except the fact that a lot of the times male rape is discussed when talking about rape , radfem redditors love to jump to `` what about da menz ?!!!? '', 
  exactly . 
  someone my neighbor knew was threatened to have sex with his ex-girlfriend because she threatened to expose his bisexuality to his conservative parents . 
  and we 've all heard of bosses threatening to fire their employees if they do n't sleep with them . 
  newsflash : women can do and have done that too . 
  the ableism is n't appreciated  . , 
  the difference is that strawmen actually do n't exist . 
  pretty annoying when people just brush aside things they do n't want to hear with `` muh strawman '' i 'm not saying that 's actually a rennet of feminism , i 'm a feminist myself , i 'm just saying that feminists like to portray female rapists as the victim and refuse to hear the male victim 's side of the story . 
  yep , because anyone who is not your image of a feminist is obviously fake . 
  ok i 'm a feminist but every single feminist i 've met in real life has insisted that men ca n't be raped and male rape victims are lying to detract from the `` actual '' rape victims . 
  and many feminist programs and institutions have pushed for dropping men from the inclusion of victims . 
  for example in england and other former british colonies legally there is no such thing as a male rape victim , and many feminist groups are happy keeping it that way . 
  well that 's a nice change for once . 
  what the fuck, 
  and here come the butthurt radfems ... edit : wow , so thinking that it 's bad that the idea of male rape victims makes people angry , makes reddit angry . 
  thanks guys, 
  i do n't know about you , but some eu countries *** love *** germany . 
  germany is seen as the most favorable eu country here by a long shot , they 're very popular at least around my location, 
  maybe they are , but i live in socal near some very popular beaches on the ocean , and if you used `` beach '' to refer to a lake you 'd get some very strange and/or confused looks . 
  i never knew lakes could have `` beaches '' until today . 
  those are lakefronts or lakeshores , not beaches, 
   czech republic  nudist beaches what, 
  cough qatar cough cough russia cough myanmar cough iran cough cough north korea cough apartheid south africa cough, 
  nazi homo islamo-zionist capitalists are taking over our beloved slav brothers !, 
  god forbid a child realized that they are n't the only one with parts . 
  religion makes it worse , yes , but it 's not the spark that ignites homophobia . 
  it 's the gasoline that keeps the blaze burning . 
  moldova is actually less religious than say the united states . 
  they were under the grip of an atheist state for 7 decades . 
  what about swedish muslims ? 
  how do they react ? 
  umm what . 
  more jews have left france and germany in the past year than the previous 3 years combined . 
  actually jews are fleeing europe left and right . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  this is like saying `` watch out for those drunkard promiscuous muslims '', 
  yes please this . 
  fucking obama keeps choking ... he 's too busy sucking erdogan and salman 's cocks, 
  why though ? 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  cultural identity only leads to things like prejudice , neo-nazism , and even murder and genocide . 
  something tells me that 's gon na change pretty soon .
