  it 's quite obvious that erdogan is licking his lips for a russia-style `` gay propaganda '' law . 
  england 's mistake was allowing the referendum in the first place . 
  scots hardly cared about independence before that . 
  that 's like if we teased texas or california with an independence referendum . 
  it 'd obviously be voted down by at least 10 points , but afterward there 'd be a ton of independence sentiment , and an even larger population would support it . 
  there 's a difference between reviving a near-dead language that 's only spoken in one small part of the world , and where every single person is already bilingual , and a language that ** millions ** of people speak . 
  instead of welsh , why not teach students spanish or german or arabic or mandarin ? 
  pretty much any language is more useful than welsh . 
  that 's so stupid though . 
  why would someone choose to learn such a useless , difficult language ? 
  english is a billion degrees more useful than welsh can ever hope to be . 
  there 's gon na be another referendum by 2030 . 
  now i 'm not sure if scotland will have left by then , but another vote is inevitable . 
  but if catalunya left , spain would tank in soccer events . 
  both spain/castille and catalunya would be better than us , yeah , but i doubt either would ever be able to win a world cup/euro cup ever again . 
   i bet you supported the iraq war and the bombings in syria . 
  woah woah woah , way to shove your own words into people 's mouths, 
  the people themselves ? 
  what the fuck happened to saving money for retirement ? 
  it 's a good thing that the birthrate of countries around the world are dropping . 
  we 're post-industrialized economies in the west , we do n't need millions of children to support our economies . 
  the world is already overpopulated enough as it is . 
  cyrillic , even though it 's bulgarian, 
  i also hate how it 's spelled . 
  part of me wants to pronounce it as `` k-ze-chia '' :( can we please make it easier for everyone and just call it chekia ? 
  well seeing that she 's a western , college-educated cis person with wealthy parents , i 'd say there 's plenty of dirt to throw back on her . 
  some girl in my 20th century studies class argued that the armenian genocide never happened , because turks are `` poc '' , but even deeper into asia , but the armenians are `` white '' despite being darker-skinned and farther into asia . 
  and that white people ca n't be the victims of genocide because they 're the ones in power . 
  this actually happened . 
   nobody in and outside of macedonia who is interested in breaking the country apart are you silly ? 
  that 's the whole point of the albanian separatists !, 
  you 've got it backward !, 
  nobody in baltimore wants to break the country apart , smh, 
  a former communist country that 's half christian , almost half muslim , is unstable and falling apart ? 
  shocking !, 
  femen and islamophobes uniting ... not surprised . 
  or just unite * with * austria and hungary again , cuz that worked so well last time , 
  you missed my point . 
  what i mean is if germany decides not to follow certain rules because of their constitution , what 's to stop any eu country to amend it 's constitution to avoid rules they do n't like ? 
  sounds like bad precedent . 
  putting the invidiual states above the union is exactly what lead to our civil war , and many others . 
  it 's similar in a way though . 
  `` america '' can also mean the countries if north , south , and central america , while a few countries have `` the united states '' in their titles , including mexico and tanzania . 
  possibly the high concentration of muslims in cities like malm\u00f6 where ppl have gotten lynched for being openly gay , but nobody has said anything for fears of `` racism '', 
  holland is a colloquial term for all the netherlands . 
  calling the united states of america `` america '' or even `` the united states '' is n't proper either , but they 're used 99 % of the time . 
   u.s. states along the mexican border took active measures to prohibit the settlement of mexicans in `` anglo territory . '', 
  treatment of mexicans in the american west is not exactly a proud moment in american history . 
  and this is * still * going on coughcougharizonacoughcoughtexascough, 
  well hitler did base his lebensraum policies over manifest destiny , and the american extermination of natives, 
  lmao says the imperialist . 
  look at the discrepancies between scotland and england . 
  thatcher wrecked scotland for the sake of benefitting england and the scots have n't really recovered since . 
  except italians/irish in 1890s america , or latino immigrants now are n't terrorizing the populace . 
  i 'm a kid of latino immigrants and i 've never heard of any latino sharia law that the majority of the population supports . 
  we are n't trying to ban food/beverage products , or running child trafficking circles , lynching gay people , or committing honor killings . 
  and we 're assimilating . 
  good . 
  i 'm no communist , but i 'd gladly prefer them in power over the imperalist theocrat erdogan any day . 
   crop yields per area continue to grow . 
  until privileged suburban white-guilt-ridden morons get gmos banned . 
  do you think szekelyland should secede from romania ? 
  the second one looks like it says `` prussia '', 
  a dragon taking a small poo ? 
  but is n't it extremely similar to russian ? 
  i 'm for open borders , but only if that comes with education and forced secularism , instead of having a welfare state . 
  that being said , europeans who want immigration * and * welfare simultaneously , and cry `` racism '' when people oppose that , should have 10 immigrants move into their home . 
  western europe 's population is only about 300 million or so , but the developing world 's population is about 4 * billion * , so 10 `` refugees '' for every 1 person sounds good to me . 
  mother tongues : english , spanish ( castellano , but diluted with mexicano cuz i 'm in socal ) spend like 90 % of my time speaking english though , even at home . 
  i 've studied japanese for 5 years , and it 's fucking tough . 
  i know the grammar really well , but i 'm so slow at speaking it and it 's hard to formulate sentences because everything 's backwards from english . 
  also i 've learned over 1,000 kanji already but i still get stuck reading things constantly because i mainly learned invididual kanji and not combinations of them . 
  i learned piano for 8 years so i picked up a little italian too , but i ca n't say anything substantial other than ordering food , or verbless sentences . 
  it 's incredibly easy though , i feel like i could be fluent if i studied for even only 1 year . 
  i really want to go to greece soon , so i want to learn the language too ... but i 'm waiting till i can get better in japanese . 
  but at this point i do n't think i can : / do n't know anything about greek , but i 'm glad it 's indo-european at least haha . 
  after that , vietnamese , cuz we have a big vietnamese community in orange county and the language sounds so freakin awesome . 
  i 'd love to learn russian but i do n't wan na step anywhere near russia so that sucks . 
   :( and maybe korean ??? 
  i 'm not too sure . 
  i can read hangul , idk wtf it means though ... but if it 's anything like japanese , then i quit . 
  not gon na spend another half a decade going nowhere with another language spoken only in one developed country . 
  is n't belarussian pretty much a dialect of russian ? 
  maybe turkey should apologize for the colonization of the balkans first . 
  saudi arabia ? 
  lol, 
  i 'm not saying it 'd be different . 
  i 'm just wondering if other europeans would be ok with that . 
  hmm ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're arguing against me , i completely agree with what you just said . 
  oh no , the people that we conquered , raped , and pillaged are n't treating us kindly !, 
  i guess that means we committed atrocities against the british because how dare we have a right to self-determination !, 
  then why are n't we criticizing them instead of italy and spain ? 
  if italy and spain are horrible horrible bigoted neo-nazis for not letting boats by the thousands settle on their shores , what does that make china and russia ? 
  exactly !, 
  well said . 
  increasing foreign aid indirectly funds the militants that have created this situation in the first place . 
  my country does that with mexico , but they 're just throwing money into the corrupt politicians ' pockets and even more innocent mexicans are slaughtered . 
  send over aid workers , not money . 
  i think we should treat libya like we treat somalia .
