  one of the biggest reasons why hillary lost was bc she outright said `` we 're gon na put coal out of business '' . 
  if she never said that she would 've won ohio and at least pennsylvania , and would n't 've lost kentucky and the dakotas by 30 points and wyoming and west virginia by over 40 . 
  and in 2018 democrats are defending their senate seats in 4 out of the 7 states i just mentioned . 
  unfortunately coal is here to stay for a very , very long time . 
  and do n't even get me started on how powerful our oil industry is . 
  edit : not sure why i 'm getting downvoted . 
  i 'm no friend of coal at all , i 'm just pointing out the stranglehold coal and oil have over this country . 
  latin america is far less united politically than the eu , and there is nothing that says they will become more united in europe in the future . 
  for example political differences between colombia and venezuela , 2 countries that are probably the most similar culturally ( used to be part of the same country ) , are more than differences between portugal and estonia and cyprus . 
  just because a language or religion is more or less the same across a region does not mean its politics are the same . 
   it 's not necessarily illegal to be lgbt ... be arrested if you just admit you 're gay that 's the case in russia , many african countries like cameroon and zimbabwe , and many other countries in africa and the middld east are trying to create legislation to make that so in their countries, 
   it 's not necessarily illegal to be lgbt ... be arrested if you just admit you 're gay that 's the case in russia , many african countries like cameroon and zimbabwe , and many other countries in africa and the middld east are trying to create legislation to make that so in their countries, 
  saudi arabia is the head of the un human rights council so no, 
  if you look at the map * every * country has higher support for trans people than gay rights, 
  erdogan wanting to make masjid attendance mandatory at universities , reinstating hijab policies , limiting freedom of expression and press rights for those who are n't sunni turks , etc. 
  having the power to expose both sides but selectively choosing the one that benefits you the most is not justice . 
   the chance of being killed was minuscule does n't matter what the chances are . 
  it 's the perception . 
  and potential tourists found other countries to be safer than tunisia . 
  and if another terrorist attack had happened in tunisia , they would have blood on their hands . 
  you sound like our republican party, 
  that 's ... not even a comparison like wtf, 
  0 % was what she did . 
  none of it . 
  it was the party that got hacked , and her campaign spokesman . 
  if your company and your boss were hacked you would n't say you personally were hacked . 
  the us government , state department , and justice department are all in unanimous agreement that it was russia , not domestic interference . 
  jesus fucking christ sweden, 
  indonesia is considering the death penalty for lgbtq people and has laws that basically place its chinese population beneath the malays and javans . 
  malaysia is literally an apartheid state where its chinese citizens are treated as subhuman . 
  that 's kinda why singapore exists in the first place ... 
  crawling in my skin, 
  and japanese ones . 
  most of the beautiful wooden structures and adorned businesses , temples , public halls , and homes burned to ashes during the firebombings . 
  nagasaki and hiroshima were n't the only cities annhiliated in the war . 
  fucking protestants . 
  they were no better than al qaeda and isis destroying artifacts today, 
  god imagine if that happened, 
  what the fuck sweden, 
  i can totally imagine that happening here in socal . 
  what the fuck . 
  you can order and pay in advance, 
  53 % voted for trump , compared to 43 % for hillary . 
  it 's because they do n't know life as able to be worse . 
  but the younger your people are , the less likely they were to vote . 
  period . 
  it 's the same here . 
  the young people that did vote voted for hillary by spectacular margins but young people in general were n't as stoked for hillary as old people were crazy for trump, 
  i mean it as those who are extremely showy , in-your-face , and melodramatic hypocrites who boss society around to conform or at least accommodate their far-right wing beliefs , but throw tantrums if asked to do a single thing in return, 
  it does not say which cities . 
  it 's a general hatred towards brown people and china . 
  judaism is not supposed to be evangelical . 
  it can easily argued that uo jews and the like who are evangelical are missing the point . 
  my cousin who is an ex-uo jew said uo jews are anti-zionist bc basically israel not existing feeds into their persecution complex more ( and thus are able to win more sympathy and with that , followers ) so you 're pretty much right . 
  as someone with many jewish relatives i can never comprehend why jews take a day of rest and * work * as hard as they can try to make it a day of non-work . 
  like , my great aunt views using a coffee maker as `` work '' , so she walks 2 kilometers to the nearest starbucks on saturdays so she can get a hot cup of coffee , and walks 2 kilometers back . 
  which is infinitely more work than fucking inserting the coffee packet and pressing a button . 
  the article does n't even say what the other 3 cities are . 
  what a piece of shit . 
  free speech does n't include advocating violence . 
  anybody who says `` burn x religious people because of y '' deserves to rot, 
  lisbon was destroyed by an earthquake and tsunami in the 18th century . 
  and lisbon is more seismically active than san fran, 
  and this is exactly why overpopulation is a bad thing . 
  underpopulation is far better than overpopulation . 
  or do you wan na end up like burundi and have 45 million people crammed in your borders ? 
  where the hell are the women , children , and elderly ? 
  the people featured in the article ? 
  how are you confused ? 
  very true, 
  british imperialism is one of the reasons why saudi arabia is as powerful as it is . 
  if the british never intervened in the hejaz , it would still be ruled by the much more moderate hashemites ( now in jordan ) than fall under the iron grip of wahhabists from nejd . 
  the holy sites like makkah and medina would n't be influenced by the ultraorthodox propaganda coming from riyadh, 
  the reason why iran is the way that it is is because of anglo-american imperialism . 
  if britain and the us never meddled in iran we 'd be seeing a world where the uk and the us would be allied with a secular , open , much more westernized iran ( and as a result they 'd be less religious and more wealthy ) against a saudi arabia far more isolated and diminished in international influence . 
  because western countries are n't as involved as saudi arabia , uae , bahrain , etc. 
  if the united states , or say france or the netherlands , was doing what saudi arabia is doing in yemen people would be screaming bloody murder . 
  but saudi wahhabist oil money pays cnn , the bbc , huffington post , etc so any criticism of the gulf monarchies is reported as the * ultimate * form of *** racism ***, 
  he 's famous for being a linguist . 
  and not much else . 
  he 's just as much qualified on political issues as russell brand . 
  i 'm hoping you 're sarcastic, 
  except all of those systems exist within an organized democratic capitalistic state . 
  if it was n't for a government and legislation those systems would not be guaranteed . 
  are you for real ? 
  unfortunately not all of humankind is friends with each other, 
  so ... mob mentality ? 
  chomsky is not an anarchist nor an elected politician . 
  organization and rule go hand in hand . 
  there 's no pure anarchy . 
  there 's really no pure any form of government . 
  somalia 's closer to anarchy than greece is . 
   anarchism still makes sense in many of its facets . 
  until , you know , the group of people with the most guns strongarms their way into tyranny at the expense of everyone else and the world reverts to feudalism and rigid caste systems, 
  it just means east prussia . 
  metaxas sounds like such an evil name, 
  the namibian gov is n't much keener on whites than jacob zuma is, 
  yeah seriously . 
  iran and israel could find common ground in opposing sunni arabs , especially in yemen/iraq and lebanon/syria respectively . 
  funny how if the us and uk did n't overthrow iran 's government in the 50s we would n't be dealing with all this shit .
