  iceland is effectively a mountain country-it 's effectively the only part of the world 's longest mountain range that 's above water . 
  the modern pizza was created because some nobleman wanted a dish containing the 3 colors of the italian flag . 
  red marinara , white cheese , and green olive oil/oregano . 
  in spain , cows outnumbered people up until the 19th century . 
  the country 's name should 've been tierra de vacas xp switzerland is top-rated country in the world for apocalypse survival . 
  they 're politically neutral , have the best health standards in the world , and there are countless tunnels and bunkers built into the alps for protection from nuclear bombardment or weather catastrophes . 
  plus they 're soon going to be completely dependent on renewable energy within 20 years . 
  belarus is the only country in europe that still uses the death penalty . 
  the 2 countries in europe with the fastest internet speed are n't finland or iceland , nor switzerland and the netherlands . 
  they 're romania and bulgaria . 
  one thing i learned recently : venice is actually an island . 
  i always thought it was just a flooded section attached to the mainland . 
  not counting microstates , portugal 's border is the oldest border in not only europe , but the entire world . 
  it has n't changed in nearly a millennium !, 
  lebanon started getting shitty only when palestinian refugees started arriving in doves , and israel can be blamed for that one . 
  you should post sources before making such outrageous claims . 
   have you read this thread ? 
  yes and it 's not at all what you 're talking about . 
  god , why is it so impossible to rationally talk about religion when in like every thread a dozen people are shrieking `` m-muh islamophobia !!, 
  ! 11 ` f '' and using one or two of the actually racist comments to project onto * everyone else *, 
  welcome to the islamic republic of sverge, 
  this may be an inappropriate question for here but how the heck did cyprus get in the eu with its territory dispute , while macedonia is struggling because of only a * name * dispute ? 
  seriously . 
  ireland is probably the only country in the world that 's more tolerant of gays than abortion . 
  it 's the biggest country in central america ... 
  nicaragua 's is having a canal built that will compete with panama 's and the countries that are building it happen to be china and russia, 
  it 's mainly a message for russia to btfo . 
  i ca n't even tell if you 're trolling or not . 
  thanks reddit, 
  wow , this is the most insightful , in-depth , and overall best post on this thread . 
  major kudos . 
  i love iranians . 
  every single one i 've met have been nothing but kind , diligent , rational , knowledge-thirsty , and big picture-oriented . 
  it 's such a shame their government does n't reflect that . 
  in the future , i have hope for iran . 
  just as long as we or israel do n't provoke them too much . 
  you ca n't fight extremism with extremism . 
  i personally think all states should have open and transparent borders but i understand where arguments come from for restricting immigration , and i do n't necessarily see them as racist . 
  you 're exactly right . 
  much of the blame goes to my country . 
  we supported radicalization of religions , up to and including islam , to combat secular communism . 
  and we did this for decades ... up until our chicks came home to roost and it ( literally ) blew up in our faces on 9/11 . 
  if we left the middle east be and gave the saudis a muzzle instead of a megaphone we would n't be having this problem . 
  `` i do n't condone radical islam '' `` wtf you bigot wow way to go / r/europe god this site is so islamophobic gah '', 
  oh my gosh that 's perfect, 
   practically made up of post-soviet anachronisms duct-taped into a bastardization of democratic capitalism this is the best summation of bulgaria i 've ever heard , from a bulgarian no less . 
  bravo , i 'm gon na have to steal this for future use , 
   bilal taher i read that as bill maher and i was so confused, 
  how are these countries so oblivious ? 
  like how in the world do they it as `` hmm , well i 'm on the same side as north korea , libya , afghanistan , russia ... man we 're a flawless bunch alright !, 
  the whole squad phresh af . '', 
  so russia thinks it can dictate the policies of progressive western countries ? 
  does that mean the us , germany , mexico , belgium , etc can swoop in and declare universal women 's rights in saudi arabia ? 
  or even * including * eu immigrants . 
  my best friend stayed in england over the summer and the horribly racist shit he heard about the lithuanians and romanians was atrociously common . 
  if gay people are marching in neighborhoods and the muslims are upset , * they 're * the ones who are bigoted , not the ones marching for their freedom and rights . 
  they did n't arrive until the late 19th century ? 
  hmm that 's a pretty recent migration, 
  is n't there a sizeable czech minority in croatia for whatever reason ? 
  does n't the word `` vulgar '' come from the bulgars ? 
  i 've seen old maps refer to bulgaria as `` vulgaria '' , the same way romania and serbia are `` rumania '' and `` servia '', 
  did you just replace the l in like with an uppercase i ? 
  lmao, 
  darn those nepali and bhutanese rapists !, 
  til . 
  the way / r/europe makes it seem like turkey is the only country that does that, 
  if they moved to a different country they should be required to trade their voting power in their old country in for their new one, 
  why the fuck ca n't germany , the netherlands , austria , france , etc strip their turkish citizens ' ability to vote in turkey 's elections ? 
  this shit does not happen in any other countries . 
  imagine the outcry germans , greeks , americans , brits , etc were allowed to vote for ultranationalist ethnic supremacist authoritarian genocidal far-right parties abroad . 
  if they wan na vote for turkish elections maybe they should fucking move back to turkey . 
  yeah , good for italy . 
  gon na be just fantastic when their drunk driving rates skyrocket, 
  good riddance uber , buongiorno higher drunk driving rates, 
  and putting them out of a job will be better some how . . ? 
  i was being a bit tongue in cheek, 
   you do n't win the french elections with less than 50 % of the votes . 
  that 's because there 's only 2 candidates in the 2nd round , dumbass . 
  if us elections worked like french elections , johnson and jill `` the vaccine vanquisher '' stein would 've been eliminated in the 1st round , and hillary would 've got at least 52 % in the 2nd round . 
  ( only counting the 2 main parties hillary beat trump by about 4 points ) if not more because trump 's overperformance in the 1st round would 've scared people . 
  plus she would 've won michigan , pennsylvania , and wisconsin so she would 've carried . 
  france is extremely liberal . 
  they have a socialist for president for goodness sakes . 
  it 's more liberal than new york , california , or vermont . 
  states trump did n't even get close in . 
  imagine a trump like candidate running for governor in a state to the left of vermont . 
  le pen does n't have a chance in france . 
  singapore and switzerland are two small neutral countries that seem to be doing fine on their own, 
  who are moderates compared to akp, 
  maybe if brexit lost and hillary won le pen would have a shot . 
  but bc of the disasters of brexit and the catastrophes of trump , ppl have been scared away from nationalism . 
  i mean look at austria and the netherlands, 
  as someone with california , nooo you do n't want a chamber with equal seating for each country . 
  even if you do have a chamber with proportional representation . 
  you do n't want a country like luxemburg having 50x the voting power of france/germany/italy, 
  and the keystone pipeline will create like 10 jobs yet americans especially republicans are cheering `` muh jerbs !!!! '', 
  you could turn the great lakes into pits of pure acid and it 'd get support if it meant muh jahb creeayshun, 
  however mining it creates a ton of pollution and waste and is very destructive to the environment . 
  go to the appalachians or around wyoming/the dakotas . 
  you 'll see entire ecosystems have been crippled bc of mining .
