they seek to learn from the past how did the roman empire fall ? 
  was n't it because of uncontrolled immigration ? 
  and then the dark middle ages came ? 
  it seems in this migrant crisis everyone overlooks this period of history and only remembers ww2 . 
  i do n't care being called a nazi . 
  the moment when a single migrant steps on my land he will be filled lead in his arse !, 
  nothing is granted in this world , we all have to fight for what we get in one way or another . 
  i 'll be looking for asylum soon as well if these cunts continue to flood europe . 
  i will try in nz first , if not successful then iceland or svalbard . 
  i am really scared about what is happening . 
  that 's a name i have n't heard in a long time ... 
  thank you . 
  i will consider visit bulgaria . 
  if not this year , some time in near future for sure . 
  how is sea at late september ? 
  still warm enough to swim in ? 
  i have in plan to travel somewhere in late september , but i am not decided yet where . 
  even if sea is not warm enough in that time , i might go the mountains . 
  slovenia never claimed any of croatian territory , it was the other way around . 
  and of course slovenia wanted to resolve the problem once and for all . 
  at least slovenia has ambitions to resolve the problem while croatia wants to stay on occupied territories for as long as possible and later claimed it as their own because , you know , they will `` use '' that territory for a while now . 
  croatia can say anythink it wants but the thing is arbitration will go on . 
  oh and claiming that croatia will not respect the final decision ? 
  they will . 
  of course they will resist at the beginning , that 's expected , but they will face diplomatic isolation , later maybe even sanctions , but at the end they will shut up and respect the decision . 
  croatia plays their diplomatic game like some spoiled child . 
  you 're in europe now so act like europe . 
  we have a problem ? 
  lets try to fix it then , not to whine about it and play own game . 
  it was not cheating , only trust issues . 
  whoah whoah , that escalated very quickly !, 
  calm down please  croatia can decide not to respect the decision , but then it is also croatia 's responsibility for their actions ( caused affairs ) in front of international community . 
  ~ ~ neither side can do it unilaterally . 
  at least arbitral tribunal has to be involved . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.iccwbo.org/products-and-services/arbitration-and-adr/arbitration/icc-rules-of-arbitration/#article_6 ) . ~ ~ edit : vienna convention can be used only in major violation of contract , when further fulfillment would n't be possible anymore . 
  in this case , only the trust of process was violated and the possibility of solution is provided in the very arbitration agreement . 
  slovenia was already urged by tribunal to the soluten - slovenia will propose another arbitrator . 
  there is no legal way to unilaterally withdraw from this arbitration . 
  both sides are obligated to bring the process to the end and respect the final decision . 
  the process will go on , whatever anybody says . 
  you know us to well . 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  someone cares to explain ? 
  please austria , do n't . 
  pls . 
  love you < 3, 
  no , we should send them in usa . 
  usa created chaos in the middle east and lybia , so it 's usa 's fault these refugees and migrants exist . 
  our industry is gone , banks are for sale and investment in high education has dropped . 
  other former socialist republic such as poland , czech republic and slovakia will surpass us very soon . 
  i read your points and every single one is explained from another point of view in the link i provided . 
  i think you should read [ here ] ( http://www.adaptt.org/animalrights.html# ) why zoo 's are not ok . 
  yes . 
  close all zoo 's , circuses and all other places , that exploit animals for human entertainment . 
  release the animals in the wild , where they belong . 
  they even have a saying : * `` pri\u010daj srpski da te ceo svet razume '' * , meaning * `` speak serbian so that the whole world understands you . 
  it 's weird , but somehow everyone on this world understands serbian . 
  gay lobby is strong . 
  every dictatorship has some limitations in human rights and freedom of speech . 
  and there is always a factor that inhibits development and progress of society . 
  oh , now it 's clear to me why serbs attacked croatia from east . 
  your generation probably fucks more than previous generations , but the difference is your generation uses condomes . 
  taxes are going up to cover migrants support . 
  and i am scared every time i am on a railway or bus station where these people are . 
  you never know what is their mission . 
  if we grant registrated union all rights from marriage then there would be no discrimination and it would n't be harmful to anyone . 
  but do n't mess with definition of marriage because it is what it is . 
  if you want something new , then find another name for it . 
  i would like that it is clear that if i say `` i am married '' , this means by default `` with a woman '' ( if i am a man ) , not that i would need to additionally explain that . 
  it 's very sensitive to me if i need to explain anyone that i am not gay . 
  regarding artificial insamination . 
  i am not religious in any way , i 'll make that clear . 
  i am against artificial insamination in any form . 
  there is already too much people on this planet , no need to make them even more in artificial way . 
  our planet can supply only a finite amount of resources to us , the more there is people on eart , the more ecosystem is burdened and more we suffer from shortages and conflicts . 
  regarding adoption . 
  this is very sensitive topic and it is far from clear if it is appropriate to give a child to gay couple . 
  childrens are not like pets which satisfy one 's needs for companionship . 
  marriage is foundation of a family and two gay people can not make a family with each other . 
  but they can have ( and they already have ) a partnership registration , granting them all rights that come from marriage . 
  so thats why changing the definition of marriage bothers me . 
  and why does it bother you that registration is not called marriage ? 
  and considering black people as not-people is something completely different than chosing a name for a partnersih-union , which can have different names for different forms without any harm for people . 
  but we all have equal marriage rights . 
  gay people can marry just like the rest of citizens - with opposite sex . 
  and we ca n't marry same sex just like gay people ca n't . 
  we have equal rights in this aspect . 
  or do you mean different rights ? 
  well , that would be discrimination . 
  i think it would n't be a problem for most of us to give gay couples all those rights which also come with marriage . 
  just call it something else , not marriage . 
  marriage is what it is . 
  why do you want to enforce something against population 's will ? 
  maybe try again in 20 years when entire generation changes . 
  but not now , you know the resoults of public opinion on this topic and it would be destructive to put it against will . 
  you need to learn to respect different opinions . 
  do i cry a river when my party does n't win elections ? 
  no , i respect decision of population , even if i do n't agree with it . 
  well , do you want the rights of minority to be voted on by the minority ? 
  and by the way , what rights are you talking about ?
