i would n't put too much stock into this internet folklore . 
  europeans like to point out the lack of american history ; americans like to pretend european countries are irrelevant , where is it again ? 
  i 've met plenty of europeans at home and abroad ; none of them have been carrying around maps quizzing americans . 
  e : not saying the conversation did n't happen - i mean , there are americans who think the state of new mexico is not part of the united states . 
  but when you extrapolate the actions of a few people into a population of nearly 320 million , it is neither very fair nor very accurate . 
  edit 2 : i remember learning about russian literature in school . 
  the only name i can remember off the top of my head is anton chekhov , but others were covered . 
  i do n't remember going over tolstoy , but many americans are fans . 
  i do not remember ever going over french literature . 
  thank you !, 
  i believe it is . 
  indeed . 
  now that i 've read the wikipedia page , i also remember that lake . 
  yes it does bear a very strong resemblance . 
  e : yes , [ this is it ] ( http://www.medienwerkstatt-online.de/lws_wissen/bilder/21667-2.jpg ), 
  thanks . 
  i took / r/wurzn 's advice and looked at / r/castles . 
  i thought that was probably it . 
  will do . 
  thanks . 
  police `` enforce laws '' for personal reasons at will , all the time . 
  their job does not require them to know the law . 
  that 's what the lawyers ( da and prosecutors ) are for . 
  the police just bring them in and the lawyers decide if a law was broken . 
  the thing is , police bring people in all the time . 
  it does n't mean a person has been arrested . 
  in the examples shown itt , it is shown that the individuals were indeed not charged with a single thing . 
  i even quoted it . 
  its all just a show of force and an ego stroke to the officer . 
  it is n't a california law . 
  however , california does allow cities to enact city ordinances that ban it . 
  i mentioned there are a few places where jaywalking is an actual infraction . 
  most of those places are cities in california . 
  and the article says :  when they went to court , both cases were dismissed . 
   williams told huddleston the prosecutor laughed when he saw the charges . 
  fernandez-armesto says of the prosecutors , `` they told the judge they did n't wish to proceed with the case , and he rapped his gavel and dismissed it . '' a rogue hick cop in georgia who learned the law by watching lethal weapon movies is not an indication that jaywalking is an actual thing . 
  yes , i know . 
  this topic comes up very often on reddit . 
  there are ** very ** few places where `` jaywalking '' is an actual infraction . 
  from the link you provided :  following the uniform vehicle code , state codes often do not prohibit a pedestrian to cross a roadway between intersections if at least one of the two adjacent intersections is not controlled by a signal , but stipulate that a pedestrian not at a crosswalk must yield the right of way to approaching drivers, 
  [ georgia law says otherwise ] ( http://www.gahighwaysafety.org/campaigns/pedestrian-safety/pedestrian-safety/what-the-ga-codes-says-about-pedestrians/ ) however , section c below may be a very specific exception :  \u00a7 40-6-92 . 
  crossing roadway elsewhere than at crosswalk :  ( a ) every pedestrian crossing a roadway at any point other than within a marked crosswalk or within an unmarked crosswalk at an intersection shall yield the right of way to all vehicles upon the roadway unless he has already , and under safe conditions , entered the roadway . 
   ( b ) any pedestrian crossing a roadway at a point where a pedestrian tunnel or overhead pedestrian crossing has been provided shall yield the right of way to all vehicles upon the roadway if he uses the roadway instead of such tunnel or crossing . 
   ( c ) between adjacent intersections at which traffic-control signals are in operation , pedestrians shall not cross at any place except in a marked crosswalk . 
   `` jaywalking '' is not a legal term and does not appear in the georgia code . 
  even so , people often use `` jaywalking '' to describe a pedestrian crossing outside of a crosswalk . 
  in fact , crossing the street outside of a crosswalk is perfectly legal in most places , as long as the pedestrians yield to traffic . 
  these images illustrate the law . 
   - crossing a road on foot wherever you like ( with the exception of motorways ) there are like 4 places in the us where this is n't legal . 
  i do n't know why outsiders ( hell , and many americans ) think `` pedestrians have right of way at crosswalks and vehicles have right of way everywhere else '' means it is illegal to cross streets . 
  castle doctrines vary from state to state . 
  in north carolina , for example , there used to be a `` duty to retreat . '', 
  a person could not use deadly force in self-defense until he/she had absolutely no other way out of a situation . 
  even if the use of deadly force was justified from a criminal standpoint , the person defending themselves would still be subject to punishment via civil court . 
  the law was changed around 2011 or 2012 . 
  you no longer have the `` duty to retreat . '', 
  if your life is in imminent danger ( or the life of another person ) you can legally defend yourself without retreating . 
  this generally only applies to your home ( and i believe the law was changed again to include inside your automobile and place of employment ) . 
  if you 're on a public sidewalk , for example , you still have a duty to retreat . 
  the law also severely limits civil liability . 
  there are still * some * stipulations . 
  it has to be * defense * , as in , you ca n't be the person who initiates aggression , then claim self-defense if the other person uses a weapon . 
  a lot of people still refer to your region as czechoslovakia . 
  if you said that , people would be like `` oh , ok . 
  i know where that is . '', 
  i think most americans only know grenoble because of andre the giant . 
  i only drove through austria . 
  i really wanted to spend more time there , but i never had the opportunity . 
  some of those old fortresses in the alps are amazing . 
  that being said , i hardly hear anything about austria at all . 
  when i do , it is either something about hitler , or the tired joke where someone [ confuses austria for australia ] ( https://youtu.be/xyz6_n7mpb0 ), 
  germany , austria , italy , spain , greece , czech , poland , england , ireland , belgium , luxembourg , netherlands . 
  forgot france, 
  most of us are tired of the cop shows , too . 
  mostly the food . 
  all my life i had heard how great italian food is , that i 'll never eat american pizza again after eating italian pizza , etc. 
  in actuality , the food was terrible . 
  this , coming from a us soldier who used to buy food from iraqis on the side of the road ( and once tried some iraqi kid 's orange sherbet ice cream that he poured from a gasoline can ) . 
  my first trip , which was to venice , i tried all of the `` famous '' italian food we enjoy in the us - pizza , calzones , ravioli , etc. 
  the ravioli was halfway edible , but the rest was just terrible . 
  i warned my wife , but she did n't believe me - she ordered a latte and a coffee shop . 
  she got a cup of warm milk . 
  since i traveled quite a bit , i learned to eat away from tourist areas . 
  i do n't want that stuff - i want the real thing . 
  i remember when i went to rome , i stopped at a restaurant and ordered some food . 
  i believe it was ravioli again . 
  i waited about 30 minutes or so , and the waiter brought a bowl of microwaved chef boyardee ravioli . 
  $ 7 for a bowl of chef boyardee ??? 
  other small things got to me as well . 
  paying a much higher price at sites ( like the colosseum ) for being a non-eu citizen ... people seemed to take offense that i dare speak a language other than italian ... 
  i remember at the spanish steps , some random guy approached my wife and me . 
  he gave my wife a bouquet of roses and told her it 's a gift , so she accepted them . 
  i thought it was a cool gesture . 
  he then turned to me and told me '' $ 100 . '', 
  i was like , whaaaa ? 
  he repeated $ 100 . 
  i said , `` you just told her it was a gift . 
  does gift have a different meaning ? '', 
  this little twat then said ( in front of my young son , mind you ) something to the effect of `` well , i must take her to my hotel so she can pay me there . '', 
  it was really one of the top 50 dumbest things i 'd ever heard , so i could n't help but laugh .
