  ukraine - lived there for 18 months . 
  germany - about 4 weeks of holidays . 
  spain - about 3 weeks on holidays . 
  ireland - 2 weeks of holiday . 
  italy - a couple of weekends and a week in sardinia . 
  belgium - probably around 2 weeks , mostly made up of weekends . 
  norway - two long weekends holiday . 
  finland - about 2 weeks , working mostly . 
  sweden - a long weekend , plus some work days . 
  denmark - a long weekend . 
  portugal - 3 weeks holiday . 
  czech republic - about 9 days , holiday plus transit by car . 
  netherlands - just a couple of long weekends in amsterdam . 
  poland - long weekend . 
  hungary - 5 days when turned back from ukraine border . 
  slovakia - long weekend holiday . 
  montenegro - 10 days holiday switzerland - a few nights transit , plus a long weekend . 
  iceland - 2 weeks holiday . 
  greece - 3 weeks holiday . 
  bulgaria - 1 week skiing in soviet days . 
  romania - long weekend for a dog show . 
  my dog won :-) andorra - 1 night bet i 've forgotten something ... 
  i get mistaken for a german in france , which i take as a compliment - my french ca n't be quite bad enough to peg me as a brit . 
  autumn - grey , rainy . 
  winter - grey , rainy . 
  spring - grey , rainy . 
  summer - a single day of sunshine in july , on which the sun 's headlines are `` cor , what a scorcher '' and the entire country rushes to margate to bake itself red on the beach . 
  drinks . 
  it 's one of these - http://www.geograph.org.uk/article/wealden-hall-houses . 
  thank you !, 
  what meat ? 
  cooked how , with what spices ? 
  beer . 
  oh yes . 
  used to live in ukraine . 
  thank you for georgian wine . 
  never would have guessed ... 
  or something undead . 
  i have a good daal recipe which is great for hangovers of any kind . 
  makes a good breakfast with a poached egg on top . 
  i 'm not so keen on sauerkraut after living on a 10kg jar for weeks on end when i ran out of money at university . 
  smoked sausage on the other hand ... 
  another one for my recipe book , thanks !, 
  was kind of trying to forget all that . 
  though i do predict some alcohol with my grouse . 
  and then the next day a grouse about all the alcohol i drank . 
  must say i 'm always nervous of places that do more than one cuisine . 
  sounds like you 've not eaten there before ? 
  not had that for ages . 
  i do like it , though i think i prefer the filling to the bread . 
  do n't taunt me with your baking !!, 
  though last weekend i made a pear frangipane tart ( mainly to stop the dog eating all the windfalls ) and though i say so myself ( and based on one single mouthful ) it was pretty good . 
  we got a big green egg a couple of summers ago and it makes the best pizza ever . 
  though such things are forever banned now , of course . 
  i 'd be hoping to try it as i 've never even heard of it . 
  trick for anyone low carbing - you can spiralize celeriac and it makes a pretty decent pasta substitute ( better than courgette anyway ) . 
  i prefer it with meaty sauces though . 
  what 's a stew \u00e0 la hungary ? 
  i love the way they call it a light recipe . 
  i remember it being pretty creamy . 
  used to be one of my favourite things ever when visiting france . 
  i love rabbit too . 
  you do n't get it at the supermarket as often as you used to but farmer 's markets and decent butchers have it . 
  perfect . 
  do you have a favourite yorkshire pud recipe ? 
  they are much trickier than they seem i think - trick is hot oven & fat . 
  another meal i had after skiing . 
  even with all those calories burned up in advance , i could hardly walk afterwards . 
  i made polenta chips back in the days when i was fatter and ate carbs . 
  i suspect you 'd think they were an abomination being italian , but they were yummy . 
  guardian has a recipe today or yesterday , i think . 
  goulash is a fairly common treat in our house too . 
  if only i 'd known of this st martin , could have done goose in his honour . 
  we really fancied game , so would have been perfect . 
  oh yes . 
  apr\u00e8s ski meal at its finest . 
  thank you , that one 's added to the collection . 
  ah , just found that , thanks . 
  came from selfridges ( get me ) so i 'm hoping not poisonous . 
  we do forage a lot but never found these . 
  yeah , sorry , i can spell it honestly !, 
  also known as horn of plenty apparently . 
  think that 's swans ? 
  sounds fantastic . 
  please ask them for the recipe :-), 
  yum . 
  i 'm low carbing ( kind of ) so that would go down a treat !, 
  we 're doing this grouse recipe , along with some trompettes de la mort ( they must have an english name ? ), 
  and razor clams with garlic to start . 
  http://www.greatbritishchefs.com/recipes/roast-grouse-recipe ( edit , frenchified my french ), 
  i think you meant admirable ? 
  sorry , i could n't resist . 
  william f moran , among others . 
  i 've been to great britain , isle of wight , lindisfarne , tresco ( lovely ) , st mary 's , bryher , the isle of thanet ( smirk ) , mull , anglesey , hayling island , alderney , canvey island , mersea , the isle of sheppey , brownsea island , handa and the isle of portland . 
  really want to visit more scottish islands . 
  abroad , quite a few . 
  ireland , iceland , hong kong , lantau , lamma island , macau , sri lanka , ko phi phi and some other thai islands , cat ba in vietnam , palau perhentian ( both ) , palau langkawi , palau pangkor , penang , singapore , palau tioman , alcatraz , robben island , sardinia , corsica , naxos , paxos , capri , santorini , porquerolles , port cros , sainte marguerite , mont st michel , new zealand , new caledonia . 
  we 've just bought a vw camper van and want some sunshine this september . 
  our ideal region would - be warm and sunny - have great local food ( markets and restaurants ) - be dog-friendly - dogs allowed in bars and caf\u00e9s . 
  - not be densely populated - be beautiful - have rivers , lakes or sea to swim in - ideally allow or at least give the nod to wild camping we 've only got two weeks for this particular holiday , so although i 'd love to see more of portugal for example , i think it 's probably too far from dover ( uk ) .
