not the time to mention that i was sunbathing in the garden earlier , then ? 
  wild garlic is still plentiful in the woods - i 've made pesto to have with pasta one night , and salt marsh lamb ( also in season ) another . 
  might try nettles for soup too . 
  my rhubarb is massive already - i 'm thinking a fruit crumble with a nutty top , and perhaps a rhubarb posset at the weekend . 
  might make a relish to go with grilled mackerel too . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2015/feb/15/nigel-slater-rhubarb-recipes jersey royals are in the farm shop , as are asparagus , broccoli , carrots , radishes , samphire , spinach and kale . 
  the sorrel in the garden is also big enough to harvest some - lovely and lemony so i think i 'll get a couple of dover soles for that . 
  i like it . 
  except ... there must be some people at leat 20 years older than me on here . 
  if not on here , then in the real world , i do n't feel young , but not old either . 
  so , council of the late middle aged ( but pretty old for reddit ) ? 
  or a council of even-elders who remember watching neil armstrong land on the moon . 
  except there 's only the two of us , it seems . 
  shopping at waitrose . 
  painting your house in farrow and ball paints . 
  having a large gun dog rather than a small fluffy one in a bag . 
  old volvo rather than brand new bmw watching the english is good on this class thing . 
  summer pudding at this time of year . 
  the quality of the ingredients is key . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2001/aug/05/foodanddrink.recipes also bakewell tart . 
  this one uses pistachios which is n't traditional , but it looks good . 
  http://www.greatbritishchefs.com/recipes/pistachio-bakewell-tart-recipe and my favourite , lemon posset . 
  really easy to do too . 
  yeah , i was . 
  maybe i 'm too old . 
  food we have cooked ourselves this week : sashimi salmon & tuna , avocado with mustard and soy ( it 's a real japanese recipe ) followed by sea bass slow roasted in the big green egg , with miso aubergines and soba noodles with a sesame and soy dressing . 
  pud was eton mess with chocolate meringue , fresh strawberries and clotted cream plus some of my home made raspberry sorbet . 
  meal for my father . 
  sous-vide belly pork , cooked on the bbq , served with home-made korean bbq sauce , wrapped in lettuces leaves with rice and pickled cucumber . 
  grilled plaice with new potatoes and peas and a home-made tartare sauce . 
  daal with prawns and kale ( fast meal , 300 calories ) so i get a bit annoyed at posts that say that none of us can cook . 
  my mother could , my partner is better than me probably , and i can too . 
  american thing surely . 
  i 've never eaten it and i 've lived here for quite a few decades now . 
  you should try them , they 're really tasty . 
  just like everything , a bit like chicken . 
  had them once in beijing and was seriously ill though . 
  vendor had n't cooked them through and they were raw inside . 
  my house actually has a name and no number . 
  it 's in the middle of the village , not in some massive estate or anything . 
  but it is old . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'd been on a late shift and had a couple of wines and i misread the question . 
  is it normal to swear at strangers for making mistakes in the usa ? 
  the best thing is that you feel like an island and think you can do it all alone . 
  the worst thing is that you feel like an island and think you can do it all alone . 
  most of it is remote from reality these days . 
  i live in a wealden hall house built around 1450 . 
  its timber-framed and does n't have any foundations . 
  revenue per tourist day would be a better comparison ? 
  now that sounds good too . 
  will tot up the drive time . 
  uh , ok . not sure what gender you are , and i 'm already married , but we can make it work . 
  unless you continue to insist on speaking french in germany . 
  nice idea . 
  i 've been before but but explored in depth . 
  but the next poster 's dog comment maybe puts me off . 
  excellent idea as i 've never been there , but a fair old drive !, 
  that 's happening next month - hence the desire for warm and sunny in september . 
  it 's a big sea !, 
  had a lovely time in montenegro a fair while ago . 
  have only visited dubrovnik - i think the north of croatia might be a good bet . 
  i think med-like is what i 'm after this time . 
  missing the warm part ? 
  i also have visited there - did n't mention as was really considering further south . 
  rugen was nice . 
  not been to the mecklenburg lakes though - still too cold ? 
  was wondering about that myself , i think it might just be doable . 
  thanks . 
  personally i 'd fly in and out of one airport , and then drive . 
  then you get to see countryside as well as capital city , which i think gives you more of a feel for a country 's culture . 
  so you could fly into paris , see paris , and then visit the champagne region . 
  or fly into zurich , see the swiss countryside and the black forest in germany . 
  munich and also see saltzburg . 
  london and visit the wonders of milton keynes . 
  that kind of idea . 
  get on with it , it 's better than any alternative . 
  most eat cheddar , but recommend anyone popping over the channel to kent to try silcocks ' farm-made cheeses , boreisle & st michael 's blue . 
  possibly my favourite british cheeses - you might be surprised . 
  i say gowda , but then i also pronounce volkswagen something like `` folksvahgen '' , so presumably all my friends think i 'm a pretentious twat . 
  i braised it to make a ragu with pasta ( this was for boxing day ) . 
  it 's rather like a slightly more gamey rabbit , and not as lean either . 
  i like it . 
  picking the bones is a pain though . 
  you can buy squirrel meat here . 
  i cooked it last christmas . 
  sadly yes . 
  quoting wikipedia : non-metric units , allowed by united kingdom law without supplementary indicators [ 98 ] for economic , public health , public safety or administrative use from 1 january 2000 , are limited to : the mile , yard , foot and inch for road traffic signs , distance and speed measurement , the imperial pint for the dispensing of draught beer and cider , and for the sale of milk in returnable containers , the acre for land registration , [ f ] the troy ounce for transaction in precious metals . 
  [ 70 ] [ 99 ] [ 100 ] goods and services sold by a description are not covered by weights and measures legislation ; thus , a fence panel sold as `` 6 foot by 6 foot '' is legal , as is a 6 x 4 inch photograph frame , but a pole sold with the price described as `` 50 pence per linear foot '' , with no accompanying metric price , would be illegal . 
  pints of beer ? 
  coffee . 
  i 'm fine with them coming to the uk if they learn the language . 
  yes , i 've lived in hong kong , malaysia , japan and the usa . 
  because it 's bigger than brittany . 
  good point well made . 
  be slightly , but not terribly , late . 
  ask your host what you can bring . 
  she will reply `` just yourselves . '', 
  as a guest , be amusing . 
  understand that `` come over for a couple of drinks '' means `` at 3am we 'll be staggering over to scour the drinks cabinet for that sticky yellow liqueur we brought back from our holidays two years ago . '', 
  and then ordering delivery curry .
