  if in the morning your host staggers downstairs , bleary-eyed , to find you already 3/4 of the way through the clearing up , then you will achieve house guest god status . 
  fighting lions with a trident ? 
  preferably someone from finland . 
  at the very least nowhere with too simple a language . 
  the leaves in those two shots look far too similar to be taken 10 years apart ? 
  coastal / the rest, 
  i was on a chair lift in a ski resort in japan when there was a 7.5 earthquake ( not sure exactly how far away the epicentre was ) . 
  the lift stopped for about an hour , then the only run open was a red one ( fun with the two beginners we 'd taken up for their 3rd ever green run ) . 
  when we finally got back to the resort , japan rail were apologising that their train was a whole hour late . 
  southern rail have been hours later over a few misplaced leaves on the track ( and perpetual strike action but that 's another thread ) . 
  my calves cramped up just now when i went morris dancing . 
   you monster no , you 're right and i apologise . 
  of course there is no table service in pubs . 
  the visitor should stride to the bar , where the rule is last arrived = first served . 
  should the bar staff fail to serve you promptly it 's customary to wave your wallet around , shouting `` oi , can i get some bloody service around here ! '', 
  queues are merely optional . 
  just take a seat in a pub and wait to be served . 
  public transport is boring , so please engage in small talk . 
  we all voted for brexit , so feel free to criticise us vigorously . 
  our food is shit , and we enjoy being reassured that this is so . 
  ( especially by the french ) 115 % of us are muslims and most of them are founder members of isis . 
  these facts we particularly enjoy being reminded of by americans . 
  we pine for the days of empire . 
  it 's always best to mention it before criticising , for example , our national football teams . 
  spotted dick is a disease , not a delicious pudding . 
  on the fuckedupness axis ? 
  kent here , my mother made it every year . 
  i love it !, 
  i 'd go further than that . 
  i 'd say the existence of this stuff is definitive proof that god does n't exist . 
  the past is a different country , and i learnt my history there . 
  we covered colonisation , war of independence and civil war , and prohibition . 
  my o ' level ( told you it was a long time ago ) covered british domestic and foreign history from 1860 to 1945 , and the us came to that a fair bit . 
  and they 're not even recipes , frequently . 
  they include things like cake mix , whatever that is . 
  summer pudding - so good for showing off summer berries and your favourite double cream . 
  i was in england when we voted for brexit . 
  coffee for breakfast . 
  prawn salad for lunch . 
  daal and egg for dinner . 
  total about 600 calories - it 's one of my fast days . 
  i pick you . 
  yes . 
  having a separate one is best for throughout and great when one of us is working from home , but not as convenient as an all-in-one if we 're both out of the house all day . 
  reasonably easy to find in london , and we make it at home . 
  rightmove.co.uk and primelocation.com are the main ones in england . 
  nope , i 'm english . 
  hence i had no language before learning it , so i did n't think . 
  imagine the following question being asked on meddit ( middle eastern reddit ) . 
  how do you think your country should engage with immoral and corrupt governments like the uk , germany and france ? 
  do you consider those states to be legitimate , and do you think that middle eastern governments should push them to adopt muslim values using every method short of war ? 
  to answer your question - yes , we should . 
  we should not consider that western democracy is the ultimate snd only possible system of government on this planet . 
  it is failing , right now , to deliver what is needed and we can see that in your country and in mine . 
  surely the opposite - goods and people can travel by land more cheaply . 
  the benefit of being an island comes from being more easily defensible , for the very reason that you are not so well connected to the rest of the world . 
  look at the roots of the word `` isolated '' . 
  i 've always envied mainland europe - if you live near a border how lovely to pop over in the car to a foreign country for lunch , on a whim . 
  i live in kent , 30km from france , but i have to plan a trip in advance and buy an expensive eurotunnel ticket . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ktxthd7cuy one of my favourite little-known films . 
  no , they jam several words together for everything . 
  pretty much all of it - the biggest gap is northern ireland and then islands such as lundy , the hebrides and man . 
  i 've been to most of mainland scotland including the far north , ditto wales and england . 
  islands visited include wight , anglesey , handa , mull , lindisfarne and the scillies . 
  mine has one . 
  perhaps every brit with an eu plate should be offered personal membership of the eu ? 
  cheese-filled sausages . 
  spain - jamon iberico . 
  tapas generally . 
  portugal - vin verde . 
  grilled sardines . 
  custard tarts . 
  financiers . 
  italy - pasta with bottarga . 
  wales - lava bread & cockles & bacon as had for breakfast once . 
  iceland - fish soup . 
  breakfast of champions . 
  ireland - full irish - love the white & black pudding . 
  ukraine - pelmeni , okroshka ( cold soup with kvas ), 
  i did n't think before i learned english . 
  steak and kidney pudding . 
  i love cooking from nose to tail eating , a kind of british cooking . 
  https://www.amazon.co.uk/nose-tail-eating-british-cooking-x jane grigson 's english food is more complete . 
  https://www.amazon.co.uk/jane-grigsons-english-food-grigson i love mark hix and he 's fanatical about local , seasonable produce . 
  one of the ones that got away . 
  beef wellington - https://www.gordonramsay.com/gr/recipes/beef-wellington/ summer pudding - http://www.deliaonline.com/recipes/international/european/british/english-summer-pudding, 
  my mother taught me . 
  i was pretty fluent by 18 months , apparently . 
  my father was born in 1933 , harbours no resentment to germans , loved the japanese people he met on his trip there and voted to remain in the eu . 
  nothing rots . 
  some ukrainian friends of mine did a test - left a load of stuff from mcdonald 's fries to an apple on a shelf in the house , and 4 weeks later it all looked pretty much the same . 
  in similar vein , i want an `` i voted remain '' sticker for my car . 
  theresa may is setting up a trade deal as i type ... 
  i 'm english , and for one year learnt english from an american . 
  she taught me how to pronounce `` michigan '' . 
  my german wirehaired pointer . 
  best dog ever . 
  company set up software engineering there . 
  uk - born here , live here now . 
  france - lived there for almost 2 years , holidayed there as a child .
