but my prejudice ... 
  woah there mr actuallyreadthearticle . 
  what do you think you 're doing ? 
  trying to relay actual facts and break up the hatred circlejerk ? 
  maybe you should go back to your hippie library and smoke some more left wing weed !, 
  low effort reply that does n't answer anything . 
  reddit style answer . 
  reporting what actually happened should be on everyone 's agenda . 
  indeed . 
  i 'm starting to feel less charitable having seen how they react to being told no , follow the law . 
  are you stupid ? 
  that 's how riots start . 
  thanks captain hindsight . 
  canada after that . 
  i 'm usually in favour of both but the current situation is ridiculous . 
  ideas coming from the left and right are equally as stupid and short sighted . 
  i never thought i 'd say this but i 'm glad we 're not accepting everyone with open arms . 
  { { citation needed } }, 
  i 'm british and i hate those people just as much as you . 
  i can only apologise for them . 
  people on the wrong side of history . 
  peter cushing lives in whitstable . 
  with the uk banning even more drugs at the moment i doubt we 'll see it any time soon . 
  winter olympics in saudi arabia . 
   parents want the best but are totally clueless as to what healthy eating and right portion sizes are . 
  i find that hard to believe these days . 
  there 's so much information out there at your fingertips . 
  you 'd have to be actively ignoring it all since the healthy lifestyle stuff is forced down our throats . 
  wanting common sense and voting ukip . 
  pick one or the other !, 
  agreed . 
  i hate everything about them but they have the right to be hated !, 
  i had no option for scottish greens so i went with snp . 
  i 'm not the sort of person who browses / r/fatpeoplehate but it really depresses me how many fat people i see every day . 
  it really does n't take much effort . 
  you do n't have to hit the gym every day either . 
  change your eating habits , walk instead of drive . 
  find a physical activity that you enjoy . 
  a bit of exercise every day makes such a huge difference even if it 's just a 20 minute walk . 
  i 'm a snowsports instructor and when i get a very overweight client i feel bad for them . 
  there 's no way they are getting up on their own . 
  they physically ca n't do this because of their weight . 
  i respect that they 've made the effort to try this and i know this will be a knock to their confidence which means they 'll probably give up entirely . 
  it 's like trying to run before you can walk . 
  take small steps and work up to the more challenging things . 
   if you kill another human being , you show that you do n't deserve to live . 
  so by sentencing someone to die , you should also die ? 
  there 's more to living and working overseas than just flashing a passport . 
  something something benefits !, 
  rabble rabble !, 
  my dad is a ukip supporter . 
  i work in mainland europe a lot . 
  i pointed out that if he got his way my life would be massively more difficult . 
  this did n't even seem to register with him at all . 
  they are all speculating at the moment without many facts . 
  combined with several news outlets not even taking time zones into consideration i 'm not surprised . 
  i doubt that last little bit is accurate . 
  to paraphrase from the video . 
  you do n't have to want to return to a barter system in the stone age to complain about how the financial crisis effected large numbers of people in the world . 
  could that be linked to the fact you spew lies and hate ? 
  so they should n't eat ? 
  you can want change without having to abandon everything . 
  they are protesting austerity . 
  it 's not like people are flush with cash and can afford to buy food from the local organic vegan ethical happy tree hugger shop . 
  people want these businesses , they just do n't want to be getting screwed by them . 
  [ more coherent explanation of my point . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/8wvakhw-xni ) i did n't do a good job putting it across . 
  speaking english well does not also mean they understand all of the nuances . 
  regional accents , words and sayings . 
  go to glasgow and even if you understand every word being said , it may not make sense to you . 
  now imagine being from a country other than the uk . 
  you still wo n't clarify it for him . 
  this is a sub with people from lots of different countries , languages and cultures . 
  of course some people wo n't understand everything . 
  oh but wait this sub hates outside cultures and languages . 
  glad to see this posted . 
  the other comments here are doing just what you said . 
  in fact this thread has made me unsub . 
  i understand there 's an immigration problem but these people are outright racist . 
  the whole syria problem stems from drought , which could be connected to global warming and climate change . 
  things trump thinks are bullshit . 
  he has unpleasant opinions and his facts are usually wrong . 
  valid question to be honest . 
  do pellet guns count ? 
  scotland wobbles next to you . 
  you mean that myth that has been repeatedly proven wrong ? 
   the situation in afghanistan has been more or less stabilized by now . 
  http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?newsid=52946  a statement issued by unama indicated that the taliban claimed responsibility for three separate suicide vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices ( ied ) attacks in the afghan capital between 1 and 4 january , killing five civilians and injuring at least 56 . 
  i do n't know where you get your news but it sounds like the place is falling apart all over again . 
  people are criticizing this but realistically what else can they do at this point ? 
  advice on how to protect yourself is better than nothing . 
  should the police just start arresting random people ? 
  if they did n't put this out people would be saying they are doing nothing . 
  honestly feel like if you turned those upside down you 'd get closer to how i feel . 
  it depends how you talk about it . 
  if you go around saying let 's deport all muslims then yes you are probably a racist . 
  if you acknowledge that there is a problem and can contribute to a solution that does n't make you sound like donald trump then you 're probably not . 
  there are 1.6 billion muslims in the world . 
  if they are all trying to overthrow us they are doing a really shitty job . 
  i 'm just excited to see aberdeen on a map !,
