thanks for the research you did on this , you 're right when you say i had no idea . 
  still most of these quotes ( and others i found ) seem nothing short of sensationalist gibber , things that when taken into contest are only said to instill fears in the population that is eu-sceptic . 
  there are no actual data pointing to any sort of military tensions in any of the eu countries and most of the cases in which these quotes were gathered had extremist movements or outliers in the mix . 
  if the eu does fall there is nowadays no reason besides political pressure to go to war and i have enough faith in the population ( i 'm just a madman like that ) that we wo n't go to war again because of such petty reasons . 
  still it was worth the read and the research , but to be informed than not , thanks again . 
  source ? 
  it 's the first time i 'm seeing it , caught me of guard , had to read it twice to make sure i got the reference , 
  is ... is this a europa universalis joke ? 
  on r/europe ? 
  what ? 
  brazil has a lot today but it 's connected to huge emigration movements in the 70-80 's , a lot of portuguese moved to france during that time . 
  it 's not the biggest destination now but because it was so prominent for such a long time it became very significant . 
  yep , more than spain , it 's been confirmed , during the 70-80 's there was a huge emigration movement from portugal to france for a number of reasons , spain not so much ... 
  france has the biggest portuguese community outside portugal so it 's not really a surprise . 
  i was actually looking for the polish light blue , almost thinking it was a mistake . 
  nope , there it is , all alone on the left , a bit sad really :(, 
  portugal is a small country and we just passed a reformation which changed the number of `` divisions '' from 4260 to 3092 ( 27 % ) so it 's not that surprising that other countries have it bigger . 
  the faults of the feudal system i guess ... 
  \u2022 are n't you a spanish province ? 
  \u2022 french/italian wines are better . 
  \u2022 all south europeans are lazy . 
  \u2022 you speak brazilian , right ? 
  of the top of my head , these are just some i heard over the past month from various tourists ... 
  our culture is an ancient mix of gaelic , celtic or visigoth ( and stuff in between ) . 
  a couple of the oldest `` remnants '' of people living in tribes in today 's portugal is from people who migrated from today 's british isles , so you 're not far off . 
  the roman empire kinda overlapped and `` erased '' much of those ancient origins tough ... 
  it 's not like portuguese girls find nordic boys attractive or anything ... 
  b-b-baka !!, 
  erm , mods ? 
  this is a repost . 
  there 's already a post about this from 3 hours earlier : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/63qiis/chart_even_the_countries_most_sympathetic_to/ and the other post has the source linked , this one is just an image , come on ... 
  it 's pretty much the same video has the one posted some weeks ago about people in rural areas of the uk voting for brexit . 
  the reasons are the same , the culprits has well , the problems and solutions , everything repeats itself . 
  let 's hope people in power get the message and act upon it ... 
  while you may be right , the solution is not to just support hate on others . 
  while i understand that it 's hard to escape your social and financial floor when you ca n't predict many of these changes , voting for someone who just says what you want to hear and supports the idea that `` it 's not your fault , it 's the outsiders fault '' is n't the way to go ... 
   it follows european and spanish regulations there 's several reports stating it 's actually missing a few bits . 
  the main point of concern is that it requires a study of potential `` border '' environmental impacts since it 's close by and uses a common river . 
  spain says it 's portugal that should do such a study while portugal says it 's spain . 
  in the portuguese parliament only approved a symbolic resolution , that has no real decision power in spain nor the eu , even though it 's to these last 2 to decide on the matter , so i would n't be worried if i was you . 
  i feel like you 're dismissing the problem simply on the basis that it 's some hippies making some noise when there 's valid points of concern and discussion to be had for both sides ... 
  your comment ... 
  i do n't get it . 
  the issue came about when spain refused to engage in talks regarding the plants expansion . 
  it 's inside spain 's borders , no one 's disputing that , but we do share a river and it is close by . 
  once reports came out that security measures were lacking of course sirens were raised . 
  no one is asking spain to stop using nuclear power , that 's their decision , but have a bit of sense plz ... 
   imagine for example that the uk decided to use it to keep their nuclear waste . 
  considering the recent problems portugal is having with the nuclear plant in almaraz , this comment makes me feel weird for how true it is ... 
  * sigh * here we go again : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpbh1ew28mo, 
  could n't those countries ask you the same thing about beer ? ... 
   they are extremely objective to 500 million europeans . 
  depending on where you live , yeah sure ... 
  peace and prosperity are kinda subjective . 
  currently we live in an age where many say we , has a civilization , have been in the longest lasting `` peace '' period . 
  does n't mean we 're all friendly and happy little humans . 
  also my comment was focused on europe 's past . 
  the age we live in was build on top of a lot of bloodshed and stupid wars . 
  we ca n't really look at what we are today and ignore the mistakes of the past ... 
   european values that made europe prosperous and peaceful continent . 
  our last 3000 + years would like a word with you ... 
  so , that 's a very interesting block at the se sector there ( portugal ; cyprus ; greece ; spain ; italy ) . 
  apparently lots of booze and women do that , or so i heard ... 
  either i 'm super blind or i do n't see portuguese in there ... edit : nope , nowhere to be found , fuck it , [ rank 6 is unimportant i guess :( ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_number_of_native_speakers ), 
  got ta stretch that scandinavia , otherwise what 's the point ? 
  the fatter , the better !, 
  it took me longer than i ` de like to admit to get the joke , well played , have your damn upvote !, 
  why would you post a troll link when the operation you 're talking about is an actual thing that exists ? 
  i 'll never understand the internet ... edit : [ for the curious !, 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2016/sep/17/lusatian-lake-district-project-east-germany ), 
  anyone who 's played kerbal space program will know it 's freakin hard getting a successful first landing on mun , i 'll give them props for not blowing everything up even on launch , 
  yeah , i knew about that , was just trying to give an example of countries ( personal experience ) where doing it on saturday/sunday does n't work any better . 
   of me being a trump supporter there . 
  again , i never said that . 
   perfect solution that will appease everyone simply do n't exist in this situation . 
  excuses for bad results/lack of trying . 
   leftists ca n't even handle a slightly controversial conversation without resorting to name calling . 
  do n't remember calling you any names . 
  also i do n't see myself has a leftist , in europe i 'm called a `` moderate '' . 
   because unlike your type of people nice elitism you got there . 
   pretend to care for a certain group of people all of a sudden because the media told me to maybe people genuinely care , since it 's the humane thing to do , you know , spread love with love , not hatred , and all that ...  i 'd bet a lot of money you did n't give two shits about muslims just a while ago . 
  i 'll take cash . 
   american men bled and broke their backs for what usa is today they did , you did n't . 
  make of the world what you want , respect your elders but try to see the world from the present perspective , not by making the same mistakes . 
   at least for me personally that 's how i see it and such is my mindset to my own country . 
  yeah , that 's where we 're so different , you care way to much about some random geographical place you just happened to be born in . 
  it 's ok to respect cultural traditions , family and a sense of society , but this type of patriotism is just silly to me , i could never hold `` my country '' ( that just felt wrong to write ) on such a high place . 
  glad we had this discussion , it 's clear you have your stance well defined , to bad in my eyes you seem like a bad person , even tough you might actually be an ok guy/girl , it 's obvious we 're not gon na agree . 
  have a nice day/life , 
  i did n't assume anything , there 's an `` if '' in my response . 
  glad to see only in the case of extreme crimes will you consider that something is wrong . 
  there were better ways to handle the immigration problem and not have law abiding citizens and families getting split . 
  there have been several problems arising in the past months namely : the wall promise going forward despite all the studies that point to its ineffectiveness ; the new healthcare act being completely flawed and going against many promises done during the campaign ; constant lying about contacts with foreign powers and the possibility of several security breaches or corruption contacts . 
  feel free to keep ignoring all the problems around you has long has a couple of measures suit you fine and then say `` immature liberals crying '' but do n't come telling me you 're neither right nor left , because you 're actions clearly state otherwise . 
  you know perfectly well what they are talking about , if it does n't align with your political view that 's fine but there 's no need to go looking for internet fights . 
  go out and enjoy your day , 
  brexit would n't happen . 
  trump would n't happen . 
  2016 was a year of `` would n't but did '' . 
  let 's see what 2017 has in store for us .
