  nothing new ... 
  welp , that was ... something . 
  thx i guess , made me laugh a little . 
  certainly better than having a 70 + year old man ask people on television if they could ~ ~ have more children ~ ~ make more babies . 
  not only that but it exports a significant quantity to spain as well . 
  yeah , the azores use -1 . 
  it was always weird for me has a kid to hear the radio going : '' it is now 3 in the afternoon , one less hour in the azores ! '' . 
  and all the radios do this and say it the same way ... 
  aw man , every time a map like this comes out i 'm always reminded of the portuguese president 's request for citizens to have more kids done a few years back . 
  a lot of jokes and sketches came out of that ... 
  so it 's a matter of comparing `` privileges '' of sorts ? 
  it 's like marriage without some benefits ? 
  seems weird , thx for the response . 
  i do n't understand the difference between marriage and `` other type of partnership '' , the wikipedia source mentions civil unions but does n't go to much into detail , can anyone give me an eli5 type of thing ? 
  i 'm actually surprised by the number of citizens living abroad as % of domestic population for portugal . 
  i always knew it was high but never so out of line with the rest of eu . 
  we 're only second to malta ffs , 22 % is a huge number ... 
  for the same reason that we apply daylight savings today : because there 's this stupid correlation that people work better when the sun is out . 
  i just wish we would all stop doing this thing where we constantly change our clocks every six months for no real reason other than to appease to people who enjoy leaving the house when the sun is rising ... 
  ah , the infamous `` lisbon bubble '' . 
  never change portugal , never change ... 
  so basically it 's a similar map to the austrian one , most people in cities voted in one direction ( center of circles ) while the rest voted for the other ( connection between circles ) . 
  very interesting . 
  he 's simulating a sun set simultaneously for all of europe . 
  whatever angle or inclination he choose for the sun would be wrong somewhere in this map , you ca n't really fault him for picking a predetermined value and just rolling with it . 
  of course you could try and make algorithm that calculates the proper sun angle for each individual pixel based on coordinates , but not only the computing time for that would be incredibly huge , the map would look weird and disfigured , so i 'm personally glad he did it this way . 
  ah man this joke , there are probably a lot of variations for this one i assume . 
  in portugal we have the child asking the father `` dad , is africa far away ? 
  i do n't think so son , at the factory we have an angolan and he uses a bike to work everyday . '', 
  the relevant xkcd comic is always in the comments !, 
  i just love the `` isolated '' cases in these kind of maps , they probably tell a good amount of history that i 'm not quite aware of , like portugal being orange , romania green or poland and lithuania yellow !, 
  i 've read it , that 's why i 'm asking , they consider students in isced 2 , so that 's portuguese third cycle or seventh to ninth year . 
  looking at the eurostat data i still do n't understand how he got these numbers . 
  how does he account for students for example that only had a language taught to them on year 7 but not on year 8 or 9 ? 
  i realize the problem lies in the data more than in the creator of the post , but i still feel like some of the numbers do n't make much sense . 
  then for upper secondary he gives a number of 0.7 ? 
  did he try and look at the background of these numbers before spewing stuff like `` it 's very worrying that portugal sees such a drop off , being the only eu non-english country with less than 1 foreign language taught '' ? 
  you what mate ? 
  i do n't understand this map . 
  for example in portugal you are obliged to study 2 extra languages beside portuguese ( most common are english , french , spanish or german , at least you were a few years back , i do n't think that changed ) . 
  why the 1.8 ? 
  where are those 0.2 going ? 
  i 'm confused ... 
  i 'll always have crusader kings and europa universalis to make me feel like a grand conqueror , so no harm done , 
  did n't they change it for the recent civ 's ? 
  _ checks wikipedia _ oh , they did , for civ 5 it was maria i ( weird choice but ok , i guess being the first queen has its perks ) . 
  and then they just dropped the nation in civ 6 in favor of brasil ? 
  _ feels bad man _ :(, 
  i understand this , a nations influence is limited by its power . 
  but said power comes from the peoples willingness to fight and strive to be better , i want to believe even a `` small '' nation can do great things , has we did in the past . 
  we should look for the positives of being in a union instead of always complaining and blaming it for the short comings of life . 
  a bit naive , but our _ fado _ has been changing bit by bit with every generation . 
  i can dream ... 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're not tough , otherwise spain would n't be so keen in wanting you to `` stick around '' . 
  same here , would love me some more beer festivals . 
  in serious tough , this comes more from a sense of `` stronger together '' , an opinion i very much share . 
  it 's not that i want to start speaking spanish or anything , it 's just that conflicts and divisions have never really brought many good things in the past ... 
  is this a civ 4 related comment ? 
  do i sense some anger within ? 
  have an upvote to feel better !, 
  i 'm also someone who goes on reddit when on tight data cap . 
  reddit itself consumes very little data when you turn off images , it 's just text most of the time , do n't be a dick to people who are actually telling the truth just because you want to prove a point . 
   and made the map with ms paint has someone who works with gis daily your comment almost made me cry , i definitely felt a disturbance in the force :(, 
  ah man that video xd , everyone in portugal saw that one , we had a good laugh , thx france !, 
  but lisbon metropolitan area has better economy than south-spain , so has you can see , comparing different regions like that does n't really work well ... 
  i was talking about the `` rich '' ( or those who can afford hotel/clubs and residential living in southern europe ) , but you can see has you like . 
  since this class is the majority of brits around here we start thinking there 's no other kind , at least has far has brits retiring in other countries go ... 
  i can say that brits in portugal have very similar stances , usually keeping to themselves , not integrating ( or trying to ) and ( surprisingly ) being very open with each other about ways to avoid taxes . 
  source : worked on several hotels and talking to them . 
  edit : i realize that my sources may showcase a certain type of `` citizen '' in a certain class and not the whole of brits . 
  for that i apologize ... 
  you can edit your original post , there should be an edit button bellow the title or near . 
  thanks for explaining it then , you should copy this comment to the top post , it should have been there from the start , i 'll delete my comment in a bit, 
  has a portuguese , calling this a `` beach '' insults me much more than i thought it would ... 
  welp , i 'm gon na save this map for my next eu4 custom campaign if you do n't mind . 
  i wonder what religions/government types i 'm gon na give to all these ? ... 
  for future reference : if on chrome ( not sure about other browsers ) you can right click an image and click `` search google for image '' . 
  it 's an easy way to find the origin of most images on the internet . 
   spain 's mountains * iberia 's mountains, 
  you 're form all of portugal ? 
  you 're surrounding environment does n't represent the majority of the country , do n't forget that . 
  it 's so weird that we 're almost opposites to spain for both graphs . 
  but the year of survey does make a huge difference , 4-5 years ago you would get very different results . 
  then just make said formal complaint . 
  until then i refuse to believe this happened . 
  presumption of innocence is something that applies to this case perfectly , it 's the tourists who need to validate their side and they failed to do so . 
  a quick google search showed me dozens of pages with instructions on how to make a complaint in portugal regarding several topics . 
  i do n't know why anyone would be scared of doing so , portugal is still a western , civilized country last time i checked . 
  and i can say with some security most people would n't give a damn at what anyone is wearing at a beach or pool , we just do n't care enough about such stupid things . 
  also a different google search showed me at least 4 ( ! ), 
  reports regarding a rise in false complaints done by british tourists in past years and even some teaching how to do so . 
  i 'll rest my case here , believe in what you want ... 
  why would n't the people in question make a complaint ? 
  why wait until you leave and then come complaining to the media ? 
  i 'm sorry but in this case , has in science , the simplest theory is often the correct one . 
  [ sure , but it 's in portuguese . 
  ] ( http://www.jn.pt/local/noticias/faro/albufeira/interior/nao-ha-qualquer-queixa-de-turistas-impedidas-de-usar-burkini-no-algarve-8677400.html ), 
   which hotel did this happen at again ? 
  there is none . 
  both women never disclosed the name and since there 's no record of any complaint in any portuguese hotel under this scenario it 's obviously fake .
