  it has been said before but i 'll repeat : portuguese refer to eastern europe has `` russia '' mostly because of how far away it is and how unattached we are from those countries . 
  a lot of people from eastern europe seem to think we 're insulting them when in fact we 're just neutral , we use `` russia '' has a generalization and while i understand it might seem insulting to a lot of you the truth is we never had any history with countries like estonia , lithuania , latvia , etc. 
  we know you exist , we just do n't really care that much ( but if `` proper russia '' goes probing your butt , do n't worry , we 'll care then ) . 
  nsfw !!, 
  has opposed to unknown people reading pieces of paper with x 's on them . 
  it 's a bit of a double edged sword : portugal same has other colonial powers , felt at the time a bit justified to bring `` civilization '' to other parts of the world in return for local riches . 
  i understand when said cultures got angry and oppressed and felt the need for war and rebellions . 
  in the end it was different times , we ca n't really compare the mind set of the colonial age to today 's . 
   even today your ancestors are regarded as pillars of justice and virtue whose heights the rest of us can only hope to aspire to . 
  ok , now you 're just being sarcastic , not fun :(, 
  i exaggerated that part , there were travelers from goa that came to malacca after the portuguese conquered the indian city so they warned the sultan of what we ` de done and made the sultan turn on `` us '' . 
  so conflict became inevitable . 
  who said anything about golden ages ? 
  those were independence wars from former colonies , there were a lot of other aspects to it but it basically came down to that , no different from many other countries after the decline of the colonial age . 
  why are you so interested ? ... 
  we do , why do you think it was joke i wonder ? 
  it 's not completely true but not far of either , the portuguese wanted a piece of malacca 's wealth , sent a delegation to make an agreement , were accused of wanting to conquer instead , attacked by the sultan , went to war and conquered it after . 
  not the best way to make an agreement but it 's not a clear case of who started it first ... 
  ok , thx for the reply . 
  but has n't russia blockaded most of the foreign trade . 
  i heard a lot of news the last 2 years about how russia was reducing imports from the eu because of all the sanctions ( i know the diary products in portugal suffered heavily because of it ) . 
  i 'm assuming they just shifted markets then , but can they still keep selling cheaper products outside the eu i wonder ? ... 
  ouch , never mind then , forget i asked :(, 
  yet the average salary in russia is down by 12 % . 
  something is not right here ... 
   destroyer of malacca we actually tried to form a trade partnership at first but the muslim advisers for the sultan screwd everything up , blame it on them not us ... 
  same thing really , both things happen where i live ... 
  i know there are problems with the eu , big ones , that definitely need to be solved . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  i just do n't think taking the coward 's way out , because `` my independence '' , is the way to go ... 
   money is about sovereignty . 
  but , the uk , inside the eu also does not have the power to enact laws that do not have a financial aspect which are contrary to eu law . 
  that is of course to do with sovereignty . 
  so long has you understand that then it 's fine by me , many who voted do n't . 
  although it leads me to question how does the uk intend on resolving the issues of those who voted out because they perceived it has eu stealing money when that was n't the case , but that 's not my problem . 
  nice having this chat , cheers . 
  edit : also when i said exceptions i was referring to other values like quotas and similar has well , sorry if that wiki link lead you to understand something else . 
  so it 's not really about sovereignty , it 's about money , got it . 
  also : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union . 
  ah , you see , that 's where we differ : i do n't think there ever was a problem of sovereignty or democracy . 
  which is one of the reasons why all the speeches about regaining independence seemed so * alien * to me . 
  it 's also why i think scotland and a majority vote to `` stay '' : because their view on what sovereignty and freedom means is different from the rest of the uk . 
  just my 2 cents tough , has an outsider i spent my entire life hearing about all the exceptions the uk government was granted by the eu . 
  it just gets me a bit on the wrong side when `` guts '' arguments are used . 
  i just think that if you went back in time and told scotland in 2014 that the uk was leaving the eu not many would believe you , even if the situation was has uncertain has you claim . 
  the brexit result was pretty much a surprise for people on both sides of the table . 
  has for the biggest trade partner , i understand that . 
  but i also understand that the uk has something to gain from it has well , just because brexit is happening does n't mean all trade deals have to be severely readjusted . 
  a period of adaptation would most likely be the case . 
  i agree to disagree , gut feelings have rarely worked well in the past in terms of political and sociological decisions . 
  i just think using arguments like `` they are our friends '' should n't be a deciding factor in these cases . 
   and unless the tunisian murderer was robbed on some other occassion , he does n't know that feeling either . 
  and you just proven my point , people who never been robbed think it 's easy to hold your emotions and not go look for vindication when in reality it 's very hard to do . 
  it does not justify what he did , still deserves to go to jail , but for a lot of people to just write in the comments `` he should have called the cops '' , it 's not that easy . 
   uk 's eu membership was already uncertain meaning it could go either way , not that it was a certain leave . 
   also , note that many snp voters voted leave you ca n't use this argument to justify anything , no ( fair ) election has ever had a 100 % support . 
   also , note that the prospect of independence for scotland within the eu when the uk is outside the eu is a less attractive one for scotland compared to being independent within the eu with the uk also inside the eu . 
  disagree , it 's actually easier for scotland to get in the eu if there 's no uk to veto such approach . 
  if it 's economically better it 's another story , nobody can say for certain ( same has with brexit ) . 
   like all unfounded populist revolts , reason will prevail . 
  if brexit showed anything is that reason has no say when the general population is ignorant to the subject at hand . 
   the uk outside the eu has a viable future . 
  scotland outside of the uk does not . 
  the uk has real problems today with the eu . 
  scotland does not with the ruk . 
  british people have a shared kinship with each other throughout the british isles . 
  british and europeans have kinship to a much lesser extent with only select countries . 
  oh , you 're one of those ... that prefer to use the heart and guts for important issues . 
  nevermind then ... 
  i 'm learning something from this post and it 's that most people here have never been robbed or know the felling of being robbed . 
  til !, 
  according to the report there was a brawl after , since we do n't know all the facts the stabs could have resulted from his defense , do n't just assume people go out stabbing others because they feel like it . 
  do you have sources for you claims ? 
  credible info ? 
  because to me it sounds like your tinfoil hat is just stuck too tight ... 
  although i 'm totally in favor of this idea i can already imagine the shitstorm coming of people going to courts because `` they 're trying to take my fathers organs away and even tough he never signed anything because , let 's face it , he was young and healthy and would n't have died if not for the accident , i 'm his daughter and i totally know he would never agree to such a thing ! '', 
  you just pointed the reason why `` first-past-the-post '' election style does n't work , well done !, 
  if brexit thought me anything is that the general populace do n't really know what they want in any given moment and do n't ever do enough research about anything so polls like this do n't really matter . 
  ( not to speak about the small representation this poll has , small number of countries and participants ), 
  let me rephrase : you 're free to say what you want , in anyway you want . 
  to me that 's free speech . 
  there are obvious differences to someone who says `` i feel like our president is dumb and i want to kill him . '', 
  and `` i feel like my country oppresses women to much , maybe we should revise our laws ! '' . 
  depending on the situation and context , both can get you arrested , but do they have the same weight and validity ? 
  is one not more valid than the other ? 
  i do n't think i 'm wrong on this but you 're free to prove me otherwise and since you failed to provide any meaningful discussion or example i take you know less than me on this ... 
  so basically the story revolves around a person who mishandled a situation , faced denial by a bureaucratic system and was asked to comply by following the rules or else . 
  ** nothing to see here folks , move along !, 
  the top articles you presented are the far right hating on the idea of an eu , which in itself is nothing new , the far right have a very defined agenda of not agreeing with european policies , and while i agree that the eu has made a lot of mistakes throughout history , the arguments presented by these movements lack substance . 
  the remaining things are just people being arrested for being jerks on the internet , which once again is nothing new . 
  if you ca n't criticize and complain about stuff you do n't agree with in a peaceful and articulate matter than you do n't deserve to be heard . 
  just because you 're on the internet you should n't think you have free reign to say or act however you like , you must be held accountable for inciting violence and disrespect . 
  freedom of speech = / = no responsibility , you can say what you want has long has you accept the consequences . 
  that 's the first i heard of this . 
  if anything the right wing has done nothing but find try to convince me that the eu is constantly blaming them ( of what , i do n't understand yet ) . 
  this is some inception shit right here , we should definitely go deeper ... 
  everybody talking about the tree , nobody mentions the delicious serra cheese . 
  * tsk , tsk *, 
  it 's the usual `` vocal angry minority '' . 
  probably a bunch of eu haters found the channel and spread the word to downvote it .
