   despite trump erm , i think you 're a bit confused there . 
  and in any case russia has n't got much to gain from open war so they wont do it ( if they 're smart enough to realize that of course ... ), 
   salazar is view fairly well in portugal . 
  not factually true , you 're using a tv popularity contest has proof , not exactly a scientific study you got there . 
  hence the down-votes ... 
  good enough , have an upvote !, 
  ok , but what is the point ? 
   to raise social awareness about transgender children and for these children to feel represented transgender children to feel represented ? 
  how ? 
  in what way ? 
  i 'm all for equality and representation but what does this accomplish besides showing a bunch of drawn children naked . 
  are there that many mediums in which the representation of transgender children is an issue ? 
   the more we talk , the easier it will be for some parents to detect what is happening to their own children . 
  many of them deny their kids ' real identity simply out of ignorance . 
  ok , sure i get that . 
  and yet is it really such a big problem ? 
  do you have numbers for this `` many '' you are talking about ? 
  and is a campaign using drawn children the way to go ? 
  i do n't think the people who did this really thought it through , seems like a bit of wasted money if you ask me ... 
  i believe your confusion comes from the way the text and tables are displayed . 
  the totals are not being adjusted , it 's only the rates , the totals come in the thousands , period . 
  unless they are doing some `` funky '' stuff in the background and killing/breeding imaginary people in those totals to adjust for the rates ... 
  economists getting forecasts wrong ? 
  in other news , the sun is hot and earth has water ... 
  i do n't care about narratives since i do n't ( and never did ) defend a position on this , since unlike most `` economists '' i do n't proclaim to know the future . 
  what i said was brexit has n't happened yet , let 's stop with the news saying britain is doing ok despite brexit . 
  they still have access to the single market , they are still in the eu , despite what any side says about this matter , not much has changed . 
  ps : and assuming from a lot of the comments in here , i 'm not the one you should be accusing of `` fitting narrative '' . 
  that 's a problem that both sides seem to have ... 
  ok , i do n't know what that says about me , but i thought the trailer was pretty funny , i liked it . 
  exactly . 
  meaning the real test comes once brexit happens . 
  which is what i was trying to say ... 
  you do know you can make robots to create other robots right ? 
  you would only get a slight increase in these kind of jobs at first and then an immediate drop . 
   this could have been said to jobs related to horses just before we switched to cars ... 
  except that horse breeders did suffer when we switched to cars , what was your point again ? ... 
  not my point at all . 
  what i meant was that you ca n't correlate current economic growth to brexit directly since it has n't happened yet , everything is speculation in that regard . 
  once it does happen we 'll see where the evolution goes , if up or down . 
  brexit has n't happened yet ... 
  thanks for the temptation but i really do n't need to start learning a new language right now xd, 
  fair enough , without a certificate it 's probably hard getting a job so they 're blocked either way . 
  it 's the same where i live . 
  thx for the info, 
  even if you want to pay for the lessons with your own money ? 
  i would assume that 's handled differently no ? 
  the news seems to indicate that in germany you ca n't do it , period , i just found that weird ( although if we 're going by the refuges side again , not many may have the means to do it on their own , so ... ) . 
   new girlfriend , abroad studies , work , maybe you like tv and films in a particular language . 
  a lot of those i assume are not very high on a refuges priority list , i was thinking in terms of their situation alone . 
  i misunderstood the comment , apparently i ca n't read at 9 am, 
  if they want to learn the language does n't that mean they want to stay ? 
  not to insult but why would you want to learn swedish otherwise ? ... 
  oh boy , brace yourselves brothers and sisters , the crazy train has arrived !, 
  i should have added , they have no houses around , it 's in the middle of nowhere ... 
  ok , that was surreal , the right side more than the left , having the lights still off and sun in the horizon at 11pm , so weird , thank you for the vid . 
  welp , i had to use google translate and although it does n't do a very good job it seems to me the person writing does n't like roundabouts very much . 
  in portugal we have a city called viseu that we call the city of roundabouts : population 99,274 ( 2011 ) - roundabouts 123 ( 2013 ) [ since the 70s the city of viseu bet on roundabouts as a way to make the traffic flow . 
  since then , never stopped increasing the number of roundabouts and , being a unique example for portugal ( at least at that time ) , has become known by the city of roundabouts . 
  the figure shows about 35 roundabouts , but in reality there are many more ... ] ( https://www.geocaching.com/geocache/gc1m396_viseu-cidade-das-rotundas ), 
  maybe , but the temperature will be better in the summer and i can enjoy the beach well enough until 8-9 pm , i do n't need more than that , 
  whoah , barely 5 hours of sun ( and low angle sun at that ) . 
  i ` de love to one day go visit something far north just to experience that , it sounds so alien to me . 
   but do people in portugal really care if someone stumbles upon a hot girl on the interwebs ? 
  when i have a 50 year old lady sitting in a desk behind me i do xd  considering the climate , i 'd suspect people in portugal are a bit more used to girls in bikinis than us here up north  especially when it 's girls from northern europe walking around in shirts when it 's 14\u00ba c outside , the portuguese use jackets now , it 's the tourists who think this is summer , 
  sunset at 4 ? 
  i get sunset at 6 and i already feel miserable about it , ca n't wait for the `` sunset at 9 '' months . 
  nordic countries would feel so weird to me ( on the other hand we get tourists walking around in t-shirts when it 's 14\u00ba c outside , crazy i say ) . 
  the color is the result of a low-tide picture and a rough sea day . 
  if you 've actually been there over 50 times and never saw it in another color i have to question your statement , luck or just great accuracy in time . 
  [ google maps ] ( https://www.google.es/maps/place/s%c3%a3o+martinho+do+porto,+portugal/@39.5068386,-9.1409154,1958m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0xd18ac1563620fb9:0x500ebbde490d5e0!8m2!3d39.5116589!4d-9.1342753 ), 
  the image seems to have been taken in low-tide , and the sea also seems a bit rough that day . 
  it explains the color . 
   live in the german county with the most roundabouts per capita . 
  i think some municipalities in portugal can actually challenge you on that , i 've seen roundabouts with one exit , they 're literally dead ends . 
  but yeah , most of these are for future use ( or some are also known to be used has speed barriers ) . 
  here 's the thing , and plz do n't take this the wrong way , i had no idea who this person was and i thought it was a guy , naming conventions from the netherlands are not my specialty . 
  i honestly thought the top comment was asking about the leader of the party and that the picture was gon na be of some `` hacker '' dude , clearly my bad for clicking random links at work . 
   it does n't mean that the experience is strictly lusophone phenomenon . 
  i did n't mean to say it was , only that the direct translation of the felling was ... 
  fair enough , i do n't mind that has much has you guys seem to mind being called `` russians '' tough ... 
  glad we see eye to eye on this , thx for this convo , 
  so he finally received all the money he asked for in those emails . 
  good for him , he seemed pretty desperate back in the day ... 
   i certainly hope that 's not something any of the old colonial powers do when teaching their kids history . 
  when we were taught how the portuguese `` conquered '' half of the world the mostly grim sides of it are pretty much left out , at least at first . 
  most people prefer to remember that we were rich and powerful at some point and be happy for that part of our history . 
  i like to believe most people realize we also did a lot of bad things in many places during that era to achieve wealth and power . 
  i 'm probably misunderstanding your comment , and if so i 'm sorry , but i do n't feel that we in portugal feel `` sorry '' for what we did because we do n't feel like there 's anything to be sorry about . 
  someone asked me earlier on my opinion on angola and mozambique 's situation . 
  in case you do n't know they were portuguese colonies that regained independence in a pretty ugly war . 
  this was no farther than 50 years ago , in the wake of the second world war . 
  by all accounts that 's pretty recent . 
  we held territories on africa for better than 500 years and while i 'm sure we did a lot of bad things i ` de like to think we also did some good . 
  i do n't particularly have an opinion on that war even tough it 's recent , but i know ( personally ) of some immigrants from those regions that still hold a grudge and some who , like me , do n't care anymore . 
  sorry for the long rant , i saw you talking about ( i 'm assuming ) vikings and just wanted to give you a bit of perception on where i come from , in school i was taught to have respect and pride on what my country did in the past , the good and the bad . 
  some people around the world still seem to hold a grudge , no matter how long passes ( see mallaca ) and that is just weird/funny/different to me ... 
  it 's actually better defined has missing the felling of being with someone/doing something ( some inception shit right here ) . 
  you could argue that 's the same has missing the person but we have different words for that . 
  ( google translate will give you the same but it 's not really the same ) that 's where the saying that `` saudade '' has no direct translation comes from , because it 's a feeling that some other languages did n't bother give a specific word for .
