  i still remember them and i actually liked them a lot , but they somehow disappeared . 
  [ female version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7ivgwxs.jpg ) ( slightly nsfw ) . 
  because it 's not allowed to cross the street when the red light is on ... ? 
  is that not the case in ireland ? 
  sorry , i 'm not really sure i understand the question . 
  costa rica maybe . 
  they say it 's the switzerland of latin america only that it has palm trees and nice beaches . 
  i always fry them with clarified butter . 
  why would anyone use olive oil ? 
  i do n't want my fried eggs to taste like my salad !, 
  you 're right , coal should go first . 
  keeping coal plants running while shutting down nuclear is stupid . 
   electricity is about a fifth of our total energy consumption . 
  this will also have to change . 
  we can make electricity from renewable sources , but everything else is more difficult . 
  biodiesel is in direct competition to food which is more than problematic and the efficiency in energy harvested per area of land is awful . 
   the share of wind and solar of the final energy consumption is less than 5 % after 15 years of ` energiewende ' despite subsidies now reaching into the tens of billions of euros per year . 
  prices have gone down quite a bit over the last few years and i do believe that there will be a tipping point where solar and wind will be the cheapest options , even without any subsidies . 
  similarly , electric cars will one day be the most reasonable choice for most regular people , so i believe that they will take over without any need for subsidies and other incentives . 
  the truth is , there 's no alternative to `` energiewende '' , we ca n't just decide against it . 
  thankfully , there 's a good chance that it will be driven by economic forces at some point . 
  the problem with nuclear energy is that it just does n't mix well with renewable energy . 
  the nuclear plants we have right now have to run on ( close to ) maximum load all the time . 
  they provide a steady output and ca n't adapt to varying supply from wind or solar . 
  until we have sufficient ways to store energy , we need flexible power plants to supplement wind and solar . 
  these can be natural gas plants , hydro - or geothermal power . 
  on windy/sunny days , we could get 100 % of our energy from solar , while using more of the other energy sources when conditions are worse . 
  this is something that will never be possible with nuclear power as part of the mix . 
  if 40 % of our energy were produced by nuclear plants , we could never have more than 60 % wind/solar , even on the best days ( fortunately , it 's just 14 % as of now ) . 
  huh . 
  i 'm from nrw too ( but my parents are from franconia ) . 
  we usually have something simple for christmas eve and a duck/goose for christmas day . 
  i know a couple of other families that do it the same way . 
  in germany , we often have one big bird for christmas dinner . 
  it used to be a duck or a goose , but turkeys are becoming more and more popular . 
  outside of christmas , we do n't really eat whole turkeys . 
  thanksgiving is not a thing around here ( obviously ) . 
  but turkey meat ( putenfleisch ) is very popular and you will find it in every supermarket , next to the chicken . 
  there are lots of places where outsiders would n't want to be alone at 3 am , but most of the times the locals are going about their business without any trouble . 
  einen polnischen abgang machen ( to make a polish getaway ) : to just disappear from a party without saying goodbye to anyone or announcing that you 're leaving . 
  polen - * ( polish * ) : something ( badly ) improvised . 
  for example , a `` polen-leiter '' ( polish ladder ) may just be made from some pipes and duct tape . 
  2x france 1x portugal 2x italy 8x germany, 
  we even refer to almdudler as lemonade , which is n't even made from fruit at all ( supposed to be made from herbs ) . 
  it depends . 
  for english , i want neither . 
  if it 's a language i do n't understand at all ( like french ) , i prefer dubbed . 
  if it 's a language where i can understand a few words ( like spanish ) , i prefer subtitles because i often understand just barely enough that i do n't have to look at them all the time . 
  mostly be . 
  if we used ae pronunciation , we were actually told that we were pronouncing the words wrong . 
  we had one year where we were supposed to learn ae , but we basically just went through the spelling differences ( color/colour , etc. ) . 
  in the end , the entertainment industry won . 
  i speak american english , as do many other people who learned be at school . 
  `` pengautomat '' would make me scared to get shot when i use it . 
  german here . 
  i 'd say most people think of the caribbean as a holiday paradise and not much more . 
  for latin america , there are a few clich\u00e9s for every larger country . 
  smaller countries like belize , suriname or even paraguay and uruguay do n't get a lot of attention by most . 
  sometimes the soccer world cup is the first occasion where people hear about some of these countries . 
  but there 's always more educated and less educated people . 
  some spend a year abroad in latin america and i know someone who got married to a guy from costa rica and moved there . 
  i think it depends on how this works out for the uk . 
  right now , everything is in panic mode , but once the smoke clears we will see if this was a good idea or not . 
  i 'm sure other `` leave '' movements would have trouble to get their votes if the uk ( or what remains of it ) is going down the drain . 
  there are a few european countries where it is allowed under certain circumstances ( mostly nordic countries , see [ this wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_to_roam ) ) . 
  in other countries you can get very hefty fines ( several thousand euros ) or even prison sentences . 
  especially in countries that are often hit by wildfires ( anything south of the alps ) , this is very serious business . 
  in spain , they sometimes even use helicopters to look for people camping in the wilderness . 
  they generally do n't accept any excuses when you 're in wildfire territory , even if you did n't make a fire . 
  generally , making camp fires is a no-go in many countries , even on official campgrounds . 
  some have a designated spot for camp fires , so you should ask about that . 
  europe is much more densely populated than the us and we do n't have that outdoor culture to the same degree . 
  it sucks , but that 's how it is and you should try to adapt if you want to stay out of trouble . 
  you could bring some gummy bears ( haribo ) from berlin but i think they 're available pretty much anywhere in the world . 
  maybe something to drink ( berliner wei\u00dfe or rixdorfer fassbrause ) . 
  if you really want something small and separately packaged , i 'd go with some kind of candy . 
  maybe [ maoam ] ( http://www.eikaramba.de/data/witze/images/maoam.jpg ) or [ sahne muh-muhs ] ( https://www.worldofsweets.de/out/pictures/master/product/1/original-sahne-muh-muhs-toffees.jpg ) ( although i think they 're originally from poland ) . 
  i think there can be some customs trouble with bringing ( raw ) meat into other countries . 
  i once brought biltong ( dry meat ) from namibia and everyone told us not to get caught ( we did n't ) . 
  germany is called `` land der dichter und denker '' , which roughly translates to `` land of poets and thinkers '' . 
  nothing more refreshing than a cold wei\u00dfbier !, 
  budweiser/czechvar is my favorite mainstream beer besides wei\u00dfbier . 
  my favorite booking site is [ kayak ] ( https://www.kayak.com/flights ) . 
  you can set flexible dates and it will show you on which day you should fly to get the cheapest price . 
  but the best thing is that it not only uses its own search engine , but it also makes the same search on other sites such as expedia , so you can compare results . 
  i would book now . 
  it 's probably not going to get any cheaper . 
  kayak also has a recommendation on when to book , but they will likely tell you the same . 
   it 's too damn long . 
  that 's what * he * said ... 
  the us actually has gay marriage in a lot of states , that 's a huge step in the right direction and one that many other first world countries have yet to take . 
  here in germany , gay marriage is n't even part of any public debate . 
  i do n't see it happening within the next ten years , to be honest . 
  where i grew up , the last name goebbels was pretty common and there were several people called `` joseph goebbels '' in my hometown of 250.000 alone . 
  we sometimes used to prank call them , but they just immediately hung up . 
  it 's more of a sweet main dish than a dessert , but [ kirschmichl ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-19_lwnfpniw/uohoud1twwi/aaaaaaaasti/f4t7rkmulbi/s1600/apfel-kirsch-michel+3.jpg ) is really awesome . 
  not only because it tastes awesome , but also because it 's a great way to use really old and stale bread . 
  i do n't have a recipe on hand , but you basically soak the bread in a milk-egg-sugar mixture , then add cherries and put it in the oven for a while . 
  you can eat it with custard/vanilla sauce , ice cream , whipped cream , etc. 
  yeah , i 'm not ordering anything with `` pudding '' in its name anymore when i 'm in england .
