  nice try , but not gon na fall for that one again . 
  my roommate just poured his coffee over his cereal . 
  two birds with one stone , i guess . 
  it 's very common here in germany , too . 
  every supermarket has a big cereal aisle . 
  one thing that may be different to the us ( not sure ) is that it 's mainly marketed towards children . 
  we also have muesli that is usually more for adults and has probably been around much longer than american cereal . 
  we have lots of hogs , they often roam the outskirts of the city , but [ sometimes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mi_1g8qcgic ) they also get into the more central districts . 
  we also have foxes , rabbits , squirrels , rats and mice which you can see quite often . 
  as for birds , most districts are inhabited either by pigeons or by crows . 
  they do n't seem to get along very well . 
  i had one encounter with a raccoon , even though they are not native to germany . 
  they escaped when a fur farm was hit by a bomb in wwii and have started building a population since then . 
  apparently , iso ( international ) defines two different thread pitches ( coarse and fine ) . 
  but here in germany , pretty much all our nuts and bolts are * coarse * and it 's the only standard defined by our own national institute for standardization ( din ) . 
   it is , for example , the standard thread size used to mount a camera onto a tripod . 
  that is pretty much the only case where this kind of screw is used around here , as far as i know . 
  and i once needed a bolt of that kind for a self-built tripod contraption . 
  i could n't get it at a regular hardware store , but i found a little shop that specialized on all kinds of bolts and nuts and they had them . 
  we could call the eu simply europe and the remaining european countries `` irrelevant states of europe '' . 
  hey guys , i 'm letting these 15 people crash in my room or maybe they 're 20 , who knows . 
  would be really cool if you could take in some too since their dorm is literally on fire right now . 
  guys ? 
  guys ... ? 
  i was in namibia once . 
  it was both interesting and a bit strange to see the german influence . 
  supermarkets had german aisles where you could find all kinds of local products from germany . 
  one thing that stayed in mind was a certain brand of pickles that my ( then ) gf loved and just could n't find in berlin . 
  it was a regional product that she could only get where she grew up - and in namibia . 
  there were german radio stations and we met some people who were very proud of their german heritage , although their image of germany seemed a bit dated and they had very conservative views on a lot of issues . 
  the horrible crimes that were committed by german colonialists were never brought up in our presence , not by those with german ancestry and not by anyone else . 
  i do n't know if we ever met herero people or their descendants and i did n't feel comfortable asking . 
  berlin also has 24/7 public transport . 
  trains until 0:30 or 1 am and all night on the weekends , buses when no trains are running . 
  regular supermarkets are never 24/7 in germany , because there is a law against it . 
  usually if you want to buy something at night , you go to a gas station . 
  berlin also has lots of little convenience stores where you can buy beer and some general things like milk or a toothbrush until late at night , though most of the time not 24/7 either . 
  most smaller cities do n't have that , usually gas stations adopt that function . 
  you ca n't really compare them , they have completely different effects . 
  if deep heat has helped you in the past , i would go with finalgon . 
  voltaren does n't burn or make your skin feel any different . 
  it just ( slowly ) takes away a bit of the pain . 
  if you use it , use a lot and wrap it with some plastic wrap , so it does n't dry out . 
  what you 're looking for is finalgon , unfortunately you ca n't get it at dm/rossmann , you 'll have to get it from a pharmacy . 
  there are two versions , the regular `` finalgon stark '' and `` finalgon \u00ae 4mg/g + 25mg/g salbe '' , which used to be `` finalgon extra stark '' but was renamed and is not supposed to be used for this purpose any more . 
  it 's a completely different product though . 
  instead of using heat , it has an active pain-killing and anti-inflammatory ingredient ( diclofenac ) , similar to ibuprofen . 
  they will kick you out at some point . 
  there is something called `` obere grenzverweildauer '' . 
  basically , it 's a time period that is defined for every single disease . 
  after this time has passed , the hospital will get significantly less money . 
  basically , they lose money with every day you stay longer . 
  as soon as you can ( more or less ) walk again and your lab results are okay-ish , they will send you on your way . 
  oh , right . 
  for hospitals you still have to pay like 10 $ a day i think . 
  that 's basically the cost of accomodation ( food , warm water , bed , etc. ) . 
  there used to be a 10 $ copay for visiting a doctor 's office ( `` praxisgeb\u00fchr '' ) for a few years , but that was waived pretty soon because it did n't have the desired effect . 
  it was , but afaik they changed it again . 
  for the patients themselves , the system is as simple as it could be , in my opinion . 
  you just hand over your insurance card when you visit your doctor ( or hospital ) , they scan it and that 's pretty much it . 
  you never get a bill or anything else , it 's all happening in the background . 
  for doctors , it can be a bit of a pain in the ass , but billing always is . 
  i do n't think it would be much different without our current healthcare system . 
  health care rationing definitely exists , not everyone receives the best possible treatment . 
  i 'm not sure if i would call it a problem , though . 
  of course it would be nice if everyone could get the best treatment available but that 's just not affordable . 
  so in most cases , an economically reasonable treatment is tried first and when that does n't succeed , people can get something more expensive . 
  usually there is no problem with prescriptions that are needed . 
  a 5 $ - copay is the norm , but you can be excluded from this if you need a lot of medicine and/or have a very low income . 
  things like birth control or viagra have to be paid out of your own pocket , but they 're both affordable ( birth control about 25 $ for 6 months , viagra also about 25 $ for 12 pills ) . 
  i would rate our system about 9/10 . 
  it 's not perfect , but there is n't much that needs an obvious fix , i think many things just ca n't get any better than this . 
  gouda is pretty much my `` standard cheese '' . 
  i eat it on bread and use it for pizza , casseroles , gratins , etc. 
  parmesan or grana padano is for cooking , mostly pasta and also for pizza . 
  gorgonzola is for pizza , pasta and bread . 
  i may or may not sometimes eat it just by itself . 
  mozzarella mostly for salads/caprese but also for pizza . 
  i think in general , europeans have much more trust in their governments . 
  it 's not just reflected in education or healthcare ; most european states also do n't have anything equivalent to your second amendment . 
   that 's one of the things with the us - there 's no `` high school degree '' or `` category '' to speak of . 
  you can get a diploma , or a ged ( dropped out ) . 
  but a diploma is given to everyone regardless of how well they did . 
  your diploma is basically the german `` abitur '' and it 's not like you only get it if you have good grades . 
  you just have to pass . 
  if you ca n't do that , you can try to get a different degree ( that wo n't usually allow you to attend a university , though ) . 
  we have a very strong and well regulated system of vocational training for all kinds of jobs , so you can be reasonably successful even without abitur . 
  and you always have the chance to get your abitur later . 
  my mother went back to school in her thirties , got her abitur and went to university to become a psychotherapist . 
  in my opinion , it 's just a different way to distribute the cost . 
  instead of paying for every semester of university or every hospital visit , i just pay a monthly fee and it 's covered , similar to a cell phone plan . 
  one advantage is the insurance aspect , meaning i know exactly how much i 'm going to pay for healthcare and i can plan with these numbers . 
  i wo n't get an unexpected 10.000 $ bill because i went to the wrong hospital or do n't have insurance at all . 
  i ca n't be screwed over , because i 'm not the one paying the bill and the insurance companies have the resources ( and legal support ) to make sure they are n't screwed over either . 
  another advantage is cost efficiency . 
  if you compare cost for similar procedures in the us and in most european countries , it will often be much cheaper over here . 
  that 's at least partly because there are huge incentives for everyone in healthcare to work economically . 
  for example , in germany a hospital only gets a certain amount of money for a patient with a specific disease . 
  if the treatment costs more than that , they will actually lose money . 
  and of course , if everyone is entitled to get the best possible treatment , it will become cheaper due to economy of scale .
