  so you 'd be ok with letting them do their thing in their own hypothetical country ? 
  early retirement age ? 
  huh ? 
  consider the turkish state 's position on the kurdish issue . 
  people in favor of independence are persecuted using anti-terrorism laws . 
  some of them are just journalists , thinkers or otherwise non-dangerous people whose only crime is a desire for self determination . 
  now , does the way they are treated affect the likelihood of them joining a `` terrorist organization '' ? 
  i 'd say it does , and you might say something is really wrong , but is it their fault ? 
  should they be punished for it ? 
  when the police behaves like an occupying force , the sympathies of civilians will reflect that . 
  `` no '' it is completely feasible that one could be a muslim , be opposed to violent extremism and expect the same rights any of us . 
  being religious is stupid perhaps , but it 's not a crime . 
  maybe you do n't . 
  but the isis plan goes like this : attack civilians in areas with large muslim populations -  the fear helps create a divide between muslims and the rest -  then point out that muslims are n't being treated fairly -  this provides large influx of new recruits -  ?? 
  ? / subjugate the world . 
  a ( far ) right government is definitely a win for isis because it helps them ( more then it helps europe/france/whoever ) . 
  killing non-threatening non combatants is not self defense . 
  legitimate defense my ass . 
  terrorists are funded by people with money and will fly business class anyway . 
  and who 's going to pay for all that ? 
  350 million pounds a week for the nhs , was n't it ? 
  where is the money then ? 
  protest vote against austerity ? 
  come on , the pound crashed right after the vote , why do you think ? 
  it was people with no clue about the eu getting manipulated into making a shitty decision . 
  and the question was `` stay or leave the eu '' , not `` send back poles and brown people '' afaik . 
  `` this country has had enough of experts '' ? 
  2016 , the year of meme magic . 
  at least we 've got front row seats over here . 
  random grunts , not relatives of influential people . 
  rip, 
  talks about nato membership ? 
  turkey has been a nato member since 1952 and has the second largest military . 
  but it 's nice to see you got it all figured out . 
  700 years is a few decades ? 
  there are people with internet who only browse chinese websites , why could n't there be people who only browse arabic ones ? 
  and about answering disrespect with violence - if you live in country with no rule of law , or where violence is n't prohibited , it probably works quite well ( compared to being known for a weakling and taken advantage of ) . 
  europeans are not violent , we 've basically eliminated homicidal individuals over the last few centuries , see here : https://ourworldindata.org/homicides/, 
  cheaper than west germany . 
  yes . 
  their only purpose in life is covering things up . 
  it 's all a big conspiracy to bring as many refugees as they can into sweden . 
  do n't forget them chem trails too . 
  and most people read tabloid trash . 
  does n't mean i need/want to . 
  i 'd call it speculation , but yeah , it 's fairly pointless to speculate based on incomplete information . 
  why not wait for the police to to their job and then we can talk about what happened and/or how to fix the potential issues . 
  how about `` let 's wait for the investigation and then make conclusions '' ? 
  all the festivals i 've been to there were queues of hundreds of people for the toilets . 
  is there something different about festival toilets in sweden ? 
  i doubt they could name all the members of the british parliament , or even the government . 
  i was at home spamming memes when boris ring . 
  `` uk is kill '' . 
  wanted the whole dissertation ( is there even a translation available ? 
  yes . 
  that 's what i said . 
  it 's just gotten a little out of hand over there , or so i 've been led to believe . 
  yeah , i 'm confident that i can make a better decision than an overwhelming majority of other people , old people included . 
  age alone does n't guarantee anything . 
  they do n't have more to lose since they 'll be alive for fewer years than younger people . 
  younger people have all their years as young and middle-aged people to lose and then of course their retirement age years , while people who are already old now only lose the few years they have left . 
  voting for their kids ' future ? 
  please . . the kids are not able to decide for themselves ? 
  or the old people know better since ` kids these days ' are apparently so stupid ? 
  typical entitled youth ? 
  you do n't even know how old i am , and why does it matter anyway ? 
  why attack the person , instead of the argument ? 
  it 's not just people talking shit on social media though , most of it is people reporting racist incidents irl . 
  eastern europeans like to throw various words around . 
  maybe because they know what corruption and shitty governance looks like , unlike people who got lucky with oil deposits and have been living in fairy tale land for the last 5 decades, 
  butthurt detected . 
  think what you will , but nepotism should n't be the norm . 
  me   lot < < do n't think that . 
  i just think that perhaps people who are n't as invested should n't have the same decision making power . 
  you have to put together a fairly complicated grant application to get the eu funding . 
  so sometimes shit like aquaparks gets built just because no one else was able to apply during that time period . 
  or the committee is paid off so they choose the aquapark . 
  just eastern europe business as usual . 
  is it available anywhere ? 
  his issue is that old people have much less to lose by making the wrong choice - they 'll kick the bucket quite soon anyway , to put it bluntly . 
  while the people that are actually most impacted by the vote ( those that are likely to move around the eu , work in different countries , or in industries affected by the eu membership ) have only the same voting power per person . 
  would n't the uk leaving and breaking apart because of it show the importance of being in the eu more clearly ? 
  who counts the votes ? 
  volunteers nominated by the political parties ? 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  a country can have low levels of perceived corruption and be very corrupt at the same time . 
  from what i understand , norway has serious issues with nepotism , only they call it `` nettverk '' and think it 's completely normal . 
  all people fool themselves about almost everything , rearranging facts to fit their views is n't uncommon at all . 
  that 's retarded though . 
  why give up our values just because of a few thugs . 
  just use cctv recordings and ban every one of them from entering the eu for 20 years or so . 
  you get the benefit or cheap workforce coming in to do the jobs the glorious german people do n't feel like doing . 
  same benefit as the british basically . 
  my forefathers had bigger dicks than yours !, 
  basically no way to detect fraud then . 
  wonder how that works . 
  they took our jerbs !, 
   you are the first one who wrote and aggressive sentence toward serbia , when serbia and serbian people are not in the topic of this article and discussion . 
  and it 's not even true , since the parent took shots at ( all ) japanese and british . 
  get baited lol . . one would expect you to have thicker skin what with being serbian and all .
