  no easy solutions there . 
   we need to change the entire schooling system so it works better with under-performing children and prepares them better for real life . 
  the top 20 % are already separated from the rest , because we just gave up on fixing it before we even began . 
  and i 'm happy for it , because my education was as good as it gets here thanks to it . 
  but it indicates there 's a big problem that 's mostly being ignored . 
  and to top it off , you have babi\u0161 and the whatever-color-commies with the `` we need more apprentices and less people with higher education '' spiel . 
  the purpose of nato is to help one member against another ? 
  til, 
   obviously it 's harder , it 's stressful , but so what , we 're not kids anymore , we 're all adults in our 20s and we should be able to make it work so that we can take care of ourselves . 
  the state already pays for my education through the taxpayers ' money , why should i also ask it to pay for my rent or food ? 
  some people can do it yes , this does n't change anything . 
  the state should make sure the children of the poor have the same shot as the children of those that are well-off , right ? 
  if having to work while you study means that only half as many people are able to successfully finish their studies , that 's not good enough , we can and should be able to do better . 
  denmark gives some money to people so they can study . 
  they tried scrapping that and it doubled the time to finish the degree . 
  it 's not wasted money either , you get more productive years when people are able to graduate sooner ( more years of working the highly qualified job instead of part time pizza delivery guy or whatever ) . 
  meaning more money paid in taxes . 
   i do n't want the state to do some social engineering and telling people when they should have kids . 
  at the same time , i expect the people to take responsibility and take care of the children they make . 
  i prefer evidence based policies . 
  if you know poor are more likely to have less education , less educated people are more likely to have kids sooner , younger parents are more likely to have financial problems and by extension kids of poor parents are themselves poor , it makes sense to try to improve their chances by breaking the cycle at some point . 
  the state already does `` social engineering '' in subtle ways , consider organ donation - it 's opt out , not opt in , because it 's been shown that people will mostly just go with the default option and it 's obviously in the interest of everyone to have a better supply of replacement organs . 
   public transportation exists , people can use that to get to work in a different nearby city where there is more work . 
  there are even programmes that financially compensate the travel costs for unemployed people . 
  are you suggesting people take a train 2 hours each way every day for a job that pays something like 12k a month ( 450 $ ) ? 
  because that sounds fucking ridiculous to me . 
   they can get a degree for free . . what i 'm saying is that it still costs something to be in the city where you study , you still have to sleep somewhere and eat something . 
  so you can work and study , but that restricts you to shitty degrees . 
   if someone without any savings and without a proper education/work experience starts having a baby/babies , then that 's their choice , but they ca n't be surprised that it 's tough . 
  more education usually makes people less likely to have children sooner , so the problem to solve is people without education with kids . 
  saying they should n't have them is of course possible , but it 's just a way to avoid having to think about solving the problem . 
  i 'm not saying that people who make bad decisions should n't deal with the consequences , but it 's really easy to come up with examples where people are in shitty situations through no fault of their own . 
  say a housewife whose husband dies of cancer . 
  is it her fault she ca n't make enough money to provide a good life ? 
  perhaps the kids wo n't be able to study because of that . 
  even worse if the sick person dies over many years on expensive meds that are n't covered by insurance . 
  suicides are correlated with sunshine hours per year , so that 's pretty obviously not thanks to some superb governance on the part of greek government . 
  f r e s h r e s h, 
  he has top tier advisors and actually does what they suggest most of the time , yes . 
  too bad he 's a fucking psychopath that does n't mind fucking up the country for his own benefit . 
  there are many regions where there is little to no work available . 
  education is n't actually free for everyone , it 's just that the state pays the tuition for people under 26 . 
  what if you are a single mother and want to get an education ? 
  you ca n't really study anything demanding , and you will have to work at the same time , which has been shown to increase the time it takes to get the degree . 
  you could work some shit job in the meantime , but come on , 2-3 eur/hour is n't really livable . 
  about 30 % of people could only find around 600 eur for unexpected expenses ( according to some 2015 stats , could n't find newer ) , so yeah , there is definitely a significant part of the population that does n't have a comfortable cushion . 
  often , people are just sitting at home and doing the odd job here and there because it 's their best option . 
  when you own a house or an apartment in a place with no jobs , so you can kind of live there and work sometimes , but you do n't have enough money to move somewhere else and work there . 
  you realize the `` welfare seekers '' do n't actually qualify for welfare , right ? 
  money spent on helping refugees is not the same thing as money spent on welfare . 
  why should nato help a few fascist cunts that took over greece exactly ? 
  you are not going to have the territory you once had , times have changed , deal with it . 
  if you focused on actually improving the lives of your people and the economy , instead of creating problems where there are n't any , you would n't need a fucking bailout . 
  i do n't know what you expected , you poked a snake and then it fucked you up . 
  the uk got exactly what they asked for . 
  did n't work so well last time . 
  i was hoping for something that shows that increasing numbers of women legislators are correlated with decreasing occurrence and/or severity of discrimination ( e.g. 
  time data for the same country , not a list of countries ) . 
  it 's not realistic that it would happen to norway , but everything else is quite accurate . 
  then why not address the discrimination itself , instead of the composition of the parliament ? 
  or are you saying that the discrimination is a direct result of having less women in the parliament ? 
  ( in which case , please provide sources . ), 
  being a `` poor '' student with rich parents who will take care of any unexpected trouble is significantly different than being poor and unable to afford replacing a fridge or fixing your car if it stops working . 
  and that 's without thinking about medical expenses . 
   one big difference is that being poor or rich does not define you as importantly as your gender . 
  i 'd say that rich women and rich men have much more in common than rich women and poor women . 
  kind of hard to transition to market economy properly when you have former kgb thugs with dossiers full of dirt on everyone , bribing officials and stealing what they ca n't buy . 
  or was it different for you guys ? 
  might be because these were not historically russian areas . 
  there were practically zero russians in kaliningrad before the ww2 . 
  you do n't have to be a woman to understand what women want anymore than you need to be homeless to understand what homeless want , or blind to understand what blind people want . 
  you do n't have to be a smoker to write smoking regulation and you do n't have to be a gun owner to write gun regulation . 
  you do n't have to be a company owner to write tax policy . 
  you just need to know how to do the thing you are doing well . 
  if there are women that do it well enough , they will be doing it anyway . 
  more paperwork for businesses is the most significant , i guess . 
  people can can work and live wherever because of the eu , but it was probably quite easy even before ( e.g. 
  you are entitled to communication with the government in your own language in both countries afaik ) . 
  interesting . 
  i would describe the same events as `` someone supporting zeman paid for illegal ads , idiots who do n't understand law nor history read them and schwarzenberg lost '' . 
  how about healthcare bills being written by people selected for their ability to make a good healthcare bill ? 
  if you do n't pay social insurance ( which is compulsory in some countries and optional in others ) , you do n't get welfare . 
  illegal immigrants do n't get welfare any more than tourists do . 
  yes , we sometimes make sure they do n't freeze or starve to death , however i do n't think anyone would prefer that condition over a normal lifestyle where they work and can afford things . 
  got a source for that ? 
   i mean if you see a gypsi in normal clothes in a normal situation ( not begging on the street or somehting like that ) than you would n't know that he is a gypsi . 
  well . . it depends , some ( most ? ), 
  of them are kind of brown so you would know them even if they act normally . 
  but yeah , you 'll see white trash acting the same way , running around trying to start fights , stealing , whatever . 
   coming in to take advantage of social systems setup for the natives it does n't work the way you think it does . 
  great , but the eu is n't telling me russia is doing those things , our counterintelligence is ( even though most politicians do n't do anything with it as usual ) . 
  well i 'm certain that we do n't have the budget to interfere with russian internal politics if that 's what you are getting at . 
   nonsense . 
  you say that anyone who disagrees with you is a victim of russian propaganda . 
  i can just as easily say that everything that you say is eu propaganda and we will get nowhere . 
  my opinions are my own , and i have my reasons for why i hold them . 
  i 'm perfectly capable of my own free through - that does n't mean that i will reach the same conclusion as you . 
  yea , i think i 'll trust the counterintelligence of my own country rather than lavrov . 
  you ask what propaganda , but you only need to look at the crap you just wrote , that 's all the proof you need . 
  i do n't hate russians , i just recognize that russian foreign policy is directly opposed to my interests , and that of anyone in my country and the eu .
