this is exactly why automatic copyright takedowns are fucking retarded . 
  american education does n't facilitate the type of thinking required for a level-headed view of history ? 
  source ? 
  or is that just your opinion ? 
  yeah . 
  cold leftovers from monday - rice & lentils . 
  i thought that was the thing with all countries ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the top earners in norway earn less relative to average , compared to other countries like netherlands , uk or sweden . 
  meaning the low/medium income people actually have quite a lot . 
  lol, 
  free . 
  if you take too long to finish the degree , you have to pay social + health insurance iirc ( otherwise the state pays for students ) . 
  which did n't happen because nazis got rekt . 
  hence if you compare only the things that happened ( not things that would have happened ) , ussr comes out worse in many cases . 
  what does it have to do with being left-wing ? 
  there is nothing here that would make 1000 people a week want to come live here . 
  depends how you frame it . 
  sitting on your ass doing nothing might very well become investing the newly liberated time to improve themselves and increase chances of getting a qualified job later on . 
  have a little faith in people . 
  it 's still much better than artificial employment like when the government subsidizes unprofitable businesses just because they employ a lot of people , is n't it ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  the only reason that it had come to that was that the allies let it go on for so long before finally doing something . 
  the us is n't ( and was n't ever ) selflessly `` cleaning up mess '' in europe , all of your involvement is a calculated power projection , either to prevent your rival superpowers from achieving some goals , or to get hold of resources/oil/new markets etc. 
  americans are dying to ensure that the companies making military hardware can make money , that you can have relatively cheap oil and cheap electronics & other luxury goods . 
  i used to be reasonably happy with the weekly paper `` respekt '' , it 's owned by some businessman , but that 's true of mostly all the papers so no way to avoid a ( possible ) hidden agenda . 
  quite socially liberal , little left-leaning i guess . 
  long articles ( that often still have issues , but at least they try to not make them completely shitty ) and also has an e-reader version iirc . 
  unfortunately , we know about the fact that he 's an idiot . 
  the bis ( intelligence service ) reports increased russian propaganda efforts at least for the last few years ( too lazy to find source , but am sure i 've read it in a paper around two years ago already , before ukraine happened ) . 
  probably it 's been decided to only target countries where affecting the public opinion is reasonably easy . 
  probably a bit of russian propaganda mixed with a few retards who like being contrarian ( or communists ) . 
  fringe opinions also get better representation online . 
  if you google a bit you can find a funny article summarizing the trolling of the `` let 's stop the convoy '' people ( about a nato convoy-pr-thing ) . 
  basically some guys had a beer with this pro-russian politician and trolled him , he did n't get it , so they asked to be admins of his facebook group to which he agreed . 
  massive lulz ensues . 
  anything to back that up ? 
  or are you just talking shit ? 
  yeah , now it has . 
  it was around 180 and beijing had 175 . 
  and it 's not even winter now . 
  no need when the retards do it for free . 
  egypt is not even a democracy , there 's like 0 % chance they are getting into the eu . 
  ] ( http://aqicn.org/city/czechrepublic/moravskoslezsky/ostrava-radvanice-zu/ ) [ meanwhile beijing has less than that . 
  ] ( http://aqicn.org/city/beijing/ ), 
  what the fuck is this shit ? 
  why do these people get mod privileges ? 
  nobody can possibly have time to moderate that many subs . 
  explains a lot . 
  you are an exception then . 
  good for you . 
  it 's easy to have 2000 % growth if you start with something sufficiently small . 
  civil servants are held up to different standards than normal workers . 
  you are being downvoted because you value privacy of the police over the right of the people not to be abused . 
  this law only bans surveillance by the citizens , the authorities still have cameras everywhere . 
  i like the 2 , 3 and 4 the most . 
  hm , i was thinking ` proper ' . 
  the other thing that bugs me is that i ca n't really create constructions with indefinite pronoun/generic ` you ' ( * one * does . . ) , and then things like the lack of ` there is ' . 
  i probably just need to stop thinking in english though , 
  why would a business choose to use a voluntary label when it will lower the sales ? 
  best case scenario it will do nothing . 
  or do you think there are people who will see it and be all like `` yeah gmo , that 's what i was missing all this time '' ? 
  we have none , what 's up . 
  yes . 
  so what ? 
  well it does n't work that way in europe . 
  non-gmo is the norm in here at the moment . 
  that now i can buy anything that does n't have a gmo label and be sure that it 's not gmo . 
  why should that be the other way around ? 
  no reason other than that it 's how it works now , and it seems to work pretty well . 
  why change it just so that american businesses can profit more ? 
  if they were useless , there would be no fighting and the entire east of ukraine would be russia by now . 
  maybe it 's just hard to fight against russian army with much more experience and better equipment . 
  it 's bad , but better than not knowing if what you 're buying is gmo or not . 
  if it 's clearly labeled as gmo and safe , i see no reason why not . 
  but i get the impression that in the us , if you do n't want gmos you have to buy things with `` organic '' labels and that 's pretty bad . 
  an actual army with combat experience . 
  it 's funny because most nato members are n't even spending the agreed upon 2 % gdp on defense . 
  erasmus of all things . 
  most people only go for one semester and that 's not really enough time imo . 
  oh , and understanding speech in real world situations ( when the speaker is n't trying to speak slowly on purpose ) is fucking hard . 
  speak : - czech - english - estonian ( learning atm ) - german ( very poorly ) want to learn : - ??? 
  - norwegian ? 
  you serious , mate ? 
  sure you can talk about nationalities when your native language is n't even recognized in official communication and you ca n't study anything past 3rd grade because everything is in german . 
  not so simple , see my post higher up . 
  also protestantism basically started here , so i 'm not sure why we would convert to it . 
  we already had [ these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unity_of_the_brethren ) [ guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evangelical_church_of_czech_brethren ) . 
  [ actually already during the first republic most parties had separation of church and state etc. 
  in their program . 
   going through with the separation could have negative consequences , along with the positive , e.g. 
  that the loss of state influence on appointment of higher church officials would permit appointment of pro-hungarian bishops in slovakia and subcarpathian ruthenia , which would significantly strengthen separatist tendencies . 
  similar risks also existed in the areas with german population . 
  lack of state oversight over the education of priests could also be unfavourable to the state . 
  it does n't help that people had to study russian instead for 40 years . 
  [ i no rite ] ( https://rs1img.memecdn.com/guys-so-luck-eee-he-must-be-shitting-out-four-leaf-clovers_webm_2834213.webm ), 
  yes . 
  it refers to one priest , not priests in general . 
  you study philosophy and ca n't tell the difference ? 
  it does n't say that priests should be shot . 
  you have to strawman even an argument like this ?
