  this is really hard to parse . 
  perhaps you want to rephrase it ? 
   so what the regime decrees must be in the best interests of the nation . 
  in the ideal case . 
  in reality , this likely is n't the most important thing for the decision makers . 
  but our stuff does n't work , is old and so on . 
  huh ? 
  you mean by erdogan 's need for a diversion from his retarded domestic policies , right ? 
  would probably be able to defend against most of eu states ' armies , since only uk , france and maybe poland have anything . 
  [ lack of ]  openess about sex , contraception availability , those kind of things i guess . 
  think of it like a slider . 
  one end is extremely good availability of contraception , the other is low or none . 
  the whole thing would be called `` availability of contraception '' , even if it actually shows lack of said thing . 
  based on what ? 
  how can our representatives represent us , if they are n't allowed to see what they are going to vote for ? 
   that 's right . 
  also missing a few millions of poles , jews etc. 
  yes . 
  but it 's always a choice . 
  they chose to do it , and then they lost , we won and we could choose too . 
  we chose to do the same , but we did n't have to , we just wanted to . 
  i 'm saying he missed the point . 
  there were significant german populations in eastern europe , where there are none now . 
  yet you do n't see germany and poland at each other 's throats . 
  there are other ways to approach past issues than perpetuating the cycle of violence . 
  i think you are missing [ a few million ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_from_poland_during_and_after_world_war_ii#demographic_estimates ) . 
  pointless . 
  where are your germans , poland ? 
  ukraine ? 
  belarus ? 
  everyone in the middle east is full of shit . . `` your father killed my father '' , who cares . 
   my first suggestion to european countries would be to severely cut the welfare payments to all but the citizens . 
  how do you think it works now exactly ? 
  if you are n't a citizen you get jack shit . 
  refugees in western europe probably get something , but it 's definitely given to anyone who walks up . 
  if you are a foreigner and have worked for some time , you get the social insurance payments when you become unemployed ( which is fair , since you paid for it with taxes ) . 
  the `` wrong people '' do n't care about the regulation though , they will arm themselves regardless . 
  indeed , outside the mainland i 've only been to scotland , which seemed all right , and much better than england ( why are they so fat ) . 
  is this noticeable in ireland ? 
  the eu is so unpopular , in fact , that all the members decided to join by , wait for it , a referendum . 
  the uk cries about freedom and being oppressed by brussels , while blocking scottish independence efforts , cause `` not right now '' . 
  and this is after the remain campaign scared people into a no vote by convincing them that voting leave would endanger their eu membership . 
  you wot ? 
  [ peter thiel is fighting for the little guy , the everyday people who maybe only have a few million in the bank and therefore are n't entitled to their day in court . 
  ] ( http://mashable.com/2016/10/31/billionaire-peter-thiel-single-digit-millionaires-no-justice/ ) xd xd  i mean , even rich do n't win there unless we talk about insurance companies owners . 
  clearly , they are actually poor . 
  it becomes even more absurd when you look at what kinds of laws get passed in different countries . 
  pretending porn does n't exist and stop & search gon na save the uk fam . 
  freedom !, 
  oh , i almost forgot the gchq . 
  hopefully there 's an independent scotland with eu-membership at the end of it . 
   also , in the broadest sense when a student steps onto campus they 're consenting to the school 's conduct policies , which typically include the right for police to search anyone at anytime . 
  that 's crazy tbh . . 
  the dorms here have a clause that lets the owner ( the dorm company ) enter the property without the tenant in cases where protection of lives demands it ( say , your room is on fire ) , and in any other cases they need to notify you in advance . 
  police treats the dorms just like any other property . 
  ca n't you resist the search anyway , and then the uni can decide whether to terminate the lease ? 
  a lease agreement should n't be enough to force you to allow a search if you do n't want to , or am i completely wrong ? 
  i do n't think it would hurt us to finally realize that we are the largest trade block on the planet , and we do n't have to take shit from anyone , not us , not china nor russia . 
   40 % or something of current israelis are descendants from there . 
  you got a source for that ? 
  the numbers i 'm familiar with show ca . 
  80k jews in 1922 and 500k in 1945 . 
  does n't seem to me like it 's attributable to high birthrates or something like that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mandatory_palestine#british_censuses_and_estimations i 'd personally avoid the whole region because it 's a fucking mess . 
   it 's just that arabs have shown no redeeming qualities for their case in this conflict . 
  yes . 
  does n't mean that people deserve to have their home turned into a giant concentration camp . 
  especially people that have n't even been born during those wars . 
  the technologically superior side of any conflict always has to be held to a higher standard , otherwise they 'd just bomb the shit out of everything ( something something grozny ) . 
  some of the highest standard of living ? 
  perhaps you forgot the gulf states ? 
  huh ? 
  they chose to move there , even though they knew the area was going to be contested . 
  what do you do , when strangers move into your backyard and before you know it , there 's a few hundred thousand of them ? 
  they could have chosen some other place , but no , muh chosen people do n't give a crap , `` our book says its ours so it is '' . 
  parts of the arabian peninsula are just as developed . 
  you do n't have to be a trump voter to be against israeli apartheid . 
  especially since being pro-palestine is generally a left-wing position in europe . 
   it would be against the eu law to discriminate against eu citizens , so you can count all the slovak students ( and obviously all other eu citizens ) at the czech unis in your math . 
  afaik , there are some limitations allowed , such as only giving the money to people who have resided for x years and/or who work here ( and are thus contributing through taxes ) and have n't come here specifically to study . 
  you should be able to find the case against denmark at the echr ( i think ) if you are curious about the details . 
   i 'm in general not a fan of subsidies at all , but this is unfortunately how the entire european agricultural sector is set up , there 's no way of getting off that train without destroying our own farmers . 
  yes , i know . 
  however , agriculture is not as important to us as it is to e.g. 
  poland . 
  we are already importing almost all food products . 
  we should be focusing on services and high technology . 
  our biggest export by far are cars , why are n't we at the forefront of autonomous driving ? 
  i 'd say agriculture will go the way of mining and steelworks before long . 
   that 's just how it is , i could whine about it , but that would n't change a thing . 
  we all just have to work with what we have . 
  at least in theory , constituents should `` whine '' about their problems and their representative should then try and solve them . 
  i guess you could say that it 's pointless to complain , unless the person you are talking to can actually change something , yes . 
   do you have any idea what it would mean for the state budget to pay , say , 7k to all uni students ? 
  there 's been just under 200k students with czech citizenship in the last year . 
  paying everyone 7k would cost 1.4 billion . 
  annually that 's 16.8 or in other words , little over 25 % of the planned deficit for this year , or less than 1.4 % of the last year budget . 
  for comparison , we spent 400 million last year alone subsidizing the food industry ( mostly agrofert ) . 
  teachers are paid badly , yes . 
  although it 's kind of chicken and egg problem - getting a degree in education is seen as a backup plan when anything better does n't work out , so you are stuck with teachers that do n't really want to teach .
