  please . 
  and he 's not the one believing in magical grandpa in the sky so i 'd say you are silly . 
  most of the stuff that is imported from poland sucks , so people think that everything from poland sucks . 
  and the industrial salt in some meat couple years ago . 
  gypsies , poland and china, 
  i 'm pretty sure ryanair has tickets for like 20 eur and the flight is only a couple hours . 
  my point was that it wo n't take months , it has already started . 
  are you saying that they think recreating soviet union in it 's cold war borders is a good idea ? 
  it 's heard ` worldwide ' more because most of the internet is in english ( or most of the internet consumed by what you perceive as ` the world ' , e.g. 
  europeans and other english speakers ) . 
  [ eh , what ? 
  yeah , that 's a bit weird . 
  i 've also seen it in denmark , people have flags in their gardens . . wtf . 
  we also have a portrait of the president in schools . 
  it 's a bit weird but most people could n't give less fucks . 
  i think living on a boat in lake geneva is probably better . 
  yeah arcelor mittal can go fuck themselves . 
  our beer is probably the cheapest in the world . 
  meanwhile most of central europe does n't even have bouncers . 
  or cloak rooms, 
  why ? 
  pretty sure ddr counts as a former eastern bloc country . 
  completely normal , yes . 
  waking up feels much less abrupt if the light intensity increases over time . 
  you could still turn the handle all the way to the coldest end for drinkable water ( or just turn the cold knob only ) ? 
  that 's what you do in other places at least . 
  that will happen if there is enough pressure for the government to change policies in that direction ( allocate more resources etc. 
  ) , it does n't have to come from people with money . 
  which is relevant how exactly ? 
  he said that the us have support of the local governments . 
  most of the schools ( also universities ) here are state-run , including the most prestigious ones . 
  i do n't have personal experience with private institutions , i suspect the pupils get more teacher-time , but i get the impression that it 's for people who were n't good enough to get into a ` proper ' school ( and have the money ) . 
  regarding overcoming divisions - it 's much better to do it by lifting up the disadvantaged than by bringing everyone down to the lowest level ( imo ) . 
  i 'd say as long as the quality of free public schools ( meaning state run , not the uk ` public ' ) is good enough , people should n't have their choices limited . 
  my opinion of public schooling ~ ~ may be ~ ~ is a bit distorted since i studied at a gymnasium ( basically a 8-year thing you do between elementary school and university ) and it 's a bit selective , about 20 % people go there as opposed to normal middle - and highschool . 
  in general i was happy with the quality of education , but i think homeschooling or other education styles also have a place ( as long as there is periodic evaluation that ensures that the pupils have the knowledge and skills they should have ) . 
  you do n't need special legislation against that , though . 
  those `` quaran schools '' are probably breaking laws that already exist . 
  pretty sure syrian government is n't very happy about us supplying arms to the kurds and the fsa . 
  religious conservative parties can go suck a dick for all i care , mate . 
  at the moment the us is involved in armed conflicts ( aka wars ) in yemen , pakistan , iraq and syria . 
  seems pretty hawkish to me . 
  i 'm not comparing to russia , just so that there is no misunderstanding . 
  but saying `` oh look at [ country x ] , they are even worse '' is not a good argument . 
  people can choose what they get offended about . 
  choosing to feel offended about a cartoon is no more reasonable than choosing to feel offended about ` niggers sitting on my seat ' . 
  what ? 
  why would you be uncomfortable with clips from life of brian ? 
  that 's the point . 
  free speech is more important than people 's feelings . 
  get it ? 
  yes . 
  let 's have them . 
  can we isolate and attack religious people in general then ? 
  and then you demonstrate it using the cartoon . 
  for them , it may be a leap forward , but for everyone else it 's still a step back . 
  i do n't want to step back because of relitards ( and yeah , it 's sad that in some places we still have our own ) . 
  also religious rules do n't have to be followed by anyone , even the people who follow the religion . 
  i have no idea what the hell you are talking about . 
  i 've never seen gypsies being called romanians on the tv . 
  the workers ca n't really hold any power , even when it is given to them . 
  if you spend your life working and doing other stuff , you 'll always lose to someone who focuses on acquiring and holding power ( e.g. 
  professional politicians ) . 
  and trying to learn it as you go . . let 's just say that did n't work out very well . 
  well no shit , luxembourg has like 50000 people . 
  what it does sound like is russian though . 
  i always used just czech , and never had an issue with it . 
  have you heard of their lousy neighbor insolvenia though ? 
  i think some bulgarians say they stole the yogurt from them . 
  \u010cesko is n't the same as \u010cechy bro . 
  i heard it 's now called checnia or something ... 
  never even heard of bulgarian or turkish yogurt here tbh . 
  dude . . 
  i 'm saying they got killed for ( a and b ) , and you quote it as ( a ) ? 
  of course it 's going to fit into what you are saying if you take what i 'm saying out of context . 
  look at kurdish people supporting independence from turkey . . to the turkish state , they are terrorists . 
  to themselves , they are freedom fighters . 
  or substitute syria for turkey , same thing basically . 
  the terrorists from paris and belgium do n't see themselves as terrorists , from their point of view , they are taking a stand against moral corruption or whatever the fuck they want to believe . . that 's the whole point , everybody thinks it 's them who is right and their own actions seem justified to them . 
  there is no requirement to abstain from violence to be called a martyr ( or your definition is different than mine , and then this discussion is going nowhere ) . 
  it only requires that you suffer or die doing what you believe is right . 
  a person who believes that shooting people for wearing purple t-shirts is right , who shoots someone and gets shot by the police afterwards is a martyr ( in the eyes of people who hate purple t-shirts ) as much as someone who dies fighting for the self determination of their nation ( in the eyes of his countrymen ) . 
  to make it extremely obvious , because it seems my points are not getting across , you say  they got killed cuz they had aks in their hand and had to be stopped and they would say something like  they were infidels and had to be stopped you use `` they had to be stopped '' as some kind of ultimate justification , but it 's not . 
  what about these ? 
   they were trying to betray our glorious motherland and had to be stopped  they were communists and had to be stopped, 
  planned to kill other people because they believed that was the just thing to do . 
  they got killed for believing something and acting on those beliefs . 
  there is no reason why you could n't be martyr and be doing something illegal at the same time ( maybe your values are n't shared by the people making the laws , etc ) . 
  also , i absolutely can conflate two scenarios , where someone shoots a bunch of people and then gets shot by the police and the other one where someone shoots a bunch of people and then blows themselves up because they would get shot by the police . 
  both the end result and the intent are identical ( except for more casualties maybe ) . 
  only people who draw are artists then ? 
  martyr ( plural martyrs ) : * one who willingly accepts being put to death for adhering openly to one 's religious beliefs ; notably , saints canonized after martyrdom . 
  * ( by extension ) one who sacrifices his or her life , station , or something of great personal value , for the sake of principle or to sustain a cause . 
  * ( with a prepositional phrase of cause ) one who suffers greatly and/or constantly , even involuntarily . 
  you seem a little confused . 
  if someone goes and gets killed doing anything they think is important enough to die for , they are a martyr , by definition . 
  to different people , different causes are just . 
  you are a fucking moron , dude ... let 's throw away our freedoms because they also apply to people we do n't like , great fucking idea . 
  that would be like a chinese person feeling guilty because japanese ( you are all asian , right ? ), 
  committed atrocities during the sino-japanese wars .
