  i know . 
  we could say ceau\u0219escu was a bit more hardcore and so did n't take as much shit from moscow . 
  1956 and 1968 invasions were both led by the soviet union though , they would never have happened , if those countries were n't just puppet states . 
  can we have men only compartments too ? 
  my identity is n't based on the geographical location of my birth . 
  traditions and culture can survive an influx of new genes just fine ( but i do n't care much for them either ) . 
  i do n't have enough data to make a judgement like that . 
  minimum wages and other regulation to help groups of people with low bargaining power has had some success in the past . 
  i think that in the environment with lower regulation , the most capable members of a group ( here - the most capable women ) could do better for themselves , while the average member of the group would be worse off . 
  yeah , i have nothing against immigration , if it 's done properly . 
  graphs look nice and all , but it 's fairly pointless unless you also know the labor law in those countries . 
  if the employer is required by law to let women continue working the same position after maternity leave , obviously they are going to pay less money to women in that age bracket . 
  if the woman has a child , the employer hires a replacement worker and then has to get rid of him after a few months ? 
  not very effective , and it costs money and time to train a new worker . 
  also your 20 % figure seems a bit off ( maybe it 's different here ) . 
  let 's say your gross wage is 27000 crowns ( 1000 eur ) a month , which is the average . 
  you pay 6,5 % of that for social insurance , and the employer pays 25 % of that ( in addition to paying you , in effect you are more expensive to him than 27k ) . 
  that 's about 8500 crowns for social insurance , and the average pensioner gets something like 12000 . 
  certainly not less than 20 % . 
  note that this is only social insurance , you ( and/or your employer ) have to pay health insurance and other stuff too . 
  although if you meant that the pensioner paid less than 20 % of 12k , + -30 years ago , then maybe it 's true , but the value of the crown was completely different back then . 
  ^ ( i just googled these things for about 15 minutes , so it 's possible i missed something etc. ), 
  i 'm not going to rely on the state pension scheme anyway , since the amount of money pensioners get is so low . 
  i still do n't get how i can be putting more strain on the system by not having children though . 
  childless pensioners are just as expensive as the ones with children , only they did n't get tax discount for the kids , did n't use free education and health care , and so on . 
  ideally you 'd be getting pension from the taxes you paid throughout your life . 
  i would think parties publish their program on their website ? 
  why not just link it ? 
  it 's super hard to get an abortion in poland right ? 
  people do n't mind ? 
  i 'd be quite mad if i had to go to a different country to have it done ( if i was a woman ) . 
  maybe it should n't be one country then . 
  from the new stuff just the bridge , lilyhammer and sherlock . 
  daily mail . 
  luckily it does n't matter what you 'd say . 
  the concerns are over degrading consumer protections etc. 
  regulations may be different in different countries , and because of this agreement , it would be harder to improve the consumer rights for example , the companies involved would sue the government . 
  not sure how it works in canada , but in europe if you buy any electronics , they must have at least 2 year long warranty . 
  a few years ago there was a situation where apple did n't realize ( ? ), 
  and basically refused to accept warranty claims after the 1 year warranty they offer ( thus breaking the law ) . 
  but let 's say at this time , the regulation in most of the signatories is almost the same . 
  if a country wanted to increase the minimum warranty period further , the companies in the other countries would sue them . 
  this is against the interests of the consumers . 
  the government represents everyone , but the vast majority of the electorate are consumers , as opposed to producers or traders . 
  furthermore most of the big companies are not based in any one country , but rather in tax heavens . 
  why should any government put the interests of it 's own people after the interests of multinational businesses with little or no interest in the country 's well-being ? 
  --------- also , about this :  canada 's ftas do not allow foreign investors or companies to force a government to change its laws and regulations . 
  the agreement is probably beneficial for canadian companies , and at least not detrimental for canada itself , but is it beneficial for the european people ? 
  source ? 
   including mechanisms for dispute resolution through international arbitration in ftas does not restrict any level of government from legitimately legislating in the public interest . 
  if the legislators are considering new legislation , and they know that canada would lose the resulting dispute , surely they are less likely to pass such legislation , no ? 
  so the democratic process is undermined in the name of business interests . 
  not sure about poland , but many countries of the former eastern block are subjected to extensive russian propaganda ( and have been for years ) using the internet and social media in particular . 
  that could explain some of the changes in public opinion . 
  ( there are literally `` factories '' full of people posting pro-russian/anti-western/anti-immigration / whatever opinions as a full time job , etc. ), 
  they do n't want their polish friends to have to live with shitty laws , maybe ? 
  there are many different people posting here , it 's not a monolithic entity . 
   in 1956 the sejm legalised abortion in cases where the woman was experiencing `` difficult living conditions '' . 
  the interpretation of the change in the law varied from a restrictive interpretation , in the late 1950s , to one in where abortion was allowed on request , in the 1960s and 1970s . 
  it was not uncommon that women from countries where abortions were restricted , such as sweden , travelled to poland to carry out abortions which were accessible and affordable there . 
  how the times change . . 
  it 's probably people who answered that they support the strike , not people who actually take part in it ( as in , they would go , but need to work or do something else ) . 
   they 100 % are not half as hard working as the vietnamese are . 
  do you have some statistics to back that up ? 
  ideally including only people who have been in europe for some time , so that the result is not skewed by fresh arrivals ( who ca n't work legally anyway , etc ) . 
   what is not clear to you ? 
   immigrants from muslim world are clearly the worst integrated group and the most problematic one i ask `` why '' , your answer is `` because it 's clearly so '' . 
  it 's not clear to me at all , especially since there are practically zero muslims in central europe . 
  there are large ( r ) groups of muslims in western europe , yes , and there have been some issues , but they are n't from syria ( so the only thing they have in common is their religion , and perhaps the fact that they come from a poorer country ) . 
  from what i understand , usually the issues are with migrants from north africa ? 
  why not ? 
  and i do realize that , of course , that 's why i 've asked why does he think they will be like < favorite poorly integrated group  and not like < well integrated group  . 
  non-islamic immigrants and refugees are all right with you then ? 
  i do n't know how saudi arabia was in the past . 
  but i do n't think syria was much different from , say , iran or turkey for a regular person . 
  what ? 
  i just asked why he thinks that they will create problems . 
  vietnamese or ukrainians come from different cultures as well and create none . 
  is kills indiscriminately , but i 'm sure they 'd make more effort if they had a list of atheists , jews , bah\u00e1 ' \u00eds and others . 
  i did n't look at any statistics of incoming refugees , but syria used to be a normal functioning country up until recent years , with universities , with lawyers , engineers , doctors , the whole thing . 
  it was n't some shithole in the middle of the desert . 
  if the people coming to europe supported marrying 12 year old girls , they would have just stayed in is occupied territory ? 
  ( and not support as in `` it does n't affect me so i might as well say whatever '' , but actually support it and care about it ), 
  as you said , there already are minorities that create no issues , so why do you think people from syria for example would be problematic rather than hard working & integrated like the vietnamese ? 
  i 'd expect qualified people to be coming from places like syria , since the `` working class '' in syria do n't even have the money to make the journey . 
  also the educated elite is more likely to flee from is ( understandably , since they would probably kill any atheists , close down any non-religious universities and so on ) . 
   what about all the local arabs , assyrians , arabs azeris , chechens , turks and whatever other area that live there . 
  what about all the czechs , slovaks , poles , ukrainians and whatever other people live in austria-hungary . 
  [ did n't work out very well for the austrians did it ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria-hungary#/media/file:dissolution_of_austria-hungary.png ) and the only reason it was austria-hungary and not austria is that the hungarians fought for their own state , and the austrians realized they need them to keep the others in check . 
  somehow , i think iran has bigger problems than a few kurds . 
  yeah , right . 
  gulen movement is dangerous , but up until , what , 3 years ? 
  ago gulen was buddies with erdogan and everything was ok . 
  but now that the glorious leader does n't like them , suddenly they become a terrorist organization . 
  you are a fucking moron . 
  if you ca n't see what erdogan is doing , i pity you , but i pity other turkish people who have to deal with idiots like you even more . 
  why should the state invest in the infrastructure at all ? 
  ca n't the market just work it out ? 
  that would be the `` proper right wing '' position in my opinion .
