  my father visited estonia once and said it seemed like it works pretty well . 
  free wifi in estonia is a myth . 
  sure you can get internet access in a small village , which would be a big thing in the 90s-00s , but not today . 
  any bar in cambodia offers wifi access as well today . 
  3g coverage is so so . 
  considering the internet = estonia hype and that the land is flat i was a bit surprised that its not at 99 % . 
  one positive is the speed/cost . 
  500 mbit/s download speed for 35 eur/month . 
   with data being so cheap these days and free eu roaming happening i do n't really see the need . 
  it does n't really matter how cheap it is , if the poorest cant see the benefit of it . 
  next time you are thirsty , i will only ask you for 50 cents for liter . 
  thats really cheap that i dont know why would you want to get it for free . 
  cute - it reminds me of my rebellious teenage years . 
  times when my self importance was at its peak , treating my parents with moving out if they do n't pay attention to me . 
  little did i know that they will just laugh to my face and tell me i am free to leave any time i want . 
  somehow i then quickly realised the importance of having a soft bed , clean clothes , warm food , toilet paper , etc. 
  provided . 
   poland should n't have to share the refugee burden when it was n't them who contributed to it and it was n't them who invited the refugees in . 
  italy and greece did n't `` invite '' refugees either , yet they have to take most of its burden ? 
   the threat russia poses to europe though , affects all of us no it doesent . 
  italy and greece being invaded by 100.000 s of refugees could be much more of an existential crisis for those two countries . 
  why would they have to share the burden of the baltic/ee defence , when they are not the ones `` provoking '' russia ? 
  it might affect poland , put until they reach italy theyll have to deal with germany & austria . 
  so we 'll wait until then . 
   do not contribute 2 % of gdp to defence to move towards that figure . 
  maybe some countries will just prefer to leave nato and play neutral with austria , switzerland , finland , etc. 
  maybe then you will realise that getting 1 % is better then 0 % . 
  why would some countries have to spend 2 % on defence when they do n't have any direct treats , when poland and some other ee are n't willing to share eg the refugee burden ? 
  i would rather see 1 % more being spent on education , infrastructure , social programs , then financing american contractors . 
  this is just `` not very intelligent '' , to put it mildly . 
  this does n't address the root of the problem in any way , but just proposes a quick feel good fix imo . 
  instead of wasting money on enforcing it , build better educational programs that teach kids about alcoholism . 
  it 's june and yesterday it was 11c in helsinki . 
  the weather forecast also noted that with the wind it feels like 3 * c. just nope . 
  slovenia ( carniola ) was under bavarian/austrian influence since the 8th century , and it was apart of frankish/holy roman/hansburg empire during all its existence . 
  yes , a century among a south slavic union that was yugoslavia does play a role , but ca n't just simply erase 1500 years of bavarian/austrian influence . 
  catching your own gdp is a bit of an irrelevant info imo . 
  what would be more relevant is % gdp compared to germany , or austria . 
  in that regard you can see that 85 were the golden times - slovenia at that time reached 80 % of austrian gdp . 
  it dropped to 60 % in the nineties , then it was slowly growing towards 75 % until the 2010 crisis ~ ~ today 's it 's at around ~ ~ when it fell to approx . 
  50 % , similar to what used to be in the early seventies . 
  slightly ot - should somebody be interested to learn more about czech & slovak last names , does somebody have an recommendations on best online sources ? 
  are you trying to be sarcastic or what ? 
  indeed finland is one of the counties with the lowest population density . 
  on the other hand slovenia is indeed small , but population density is still higher then in austria , croatia , lithuania , cyprus , estonia , etc. 
  maybe that 's why . 
  this map shows how easily white europeans in europe associate black faces with negative ideas . 
  each country 's colour reflects the average implicit association test ( iat ) score for that country using data from harvard 's project implicit . 
  overall we have scores for 288,076 white europeans , collected between 2002 and 2015 , with sample sizes for each country shown inset . 
  source : [ the university of sheffield ] ( https://figshare.com/articles/european_map_of_implicit_racial_bias/4750588 ), 
  imo the real value of a nation is in how it treats its weakest . 
  while us might be strong , it has way too many poor and undereducated people . 
  the main point would be imo that the political `` left '' has no long term vision , and are not willing to make any changes . 
  political `` right '' on the other side is at least trying to find some answers that will maybe address today 's problems . 
  what about the saying `` keep your friends close , but keep your enemies closer '' ? 
  well it 's not conspiracy theory per se , fact is that this vaccines effect very small `` percentage '' of people . 
  from every 100.000 saved maybe one gets effected . 
  there is certain small risk there . 
  so imo it 's not conspiracy theory , but more a trend . 
  just like every moron now eats gluten free food . 
  there are certainly some people that have to eat gluten-free but not all . 
  if you do n't have a prescription from your doctor then you are simply following a trend . 
   in reality most of us do n't really drink that often we just get totally shitfaced when we do . 
  this is exactly my experience with finnish people . 
  there is no * ill have one glass of wine to relax * . 
  when you drink , you drink like there is no tomorrow . 
  then next morning its like nothing happened :d, 
  well there are nations that had it equally bad , if not worse . 
  yet most of them still have a strong fighting spirit . 
  being radical is not wrong per se , but going from one radical idea to a completely opposing one is a bit off . 
  chances are that you are heaving mental issues . 
  did they forget to invite lithuania ? 
  i mean the country is located between them . 
  they only hate each other in front of melania . 
  otherwise vladimir and donald are much in love . 
   every new member has been forced to switch ever since the eu was founded . 
  ahm . . czechs , poles , lithuanians , hungarians , romanians , bulgarians and croats are n't using euro . 
  i would n't call that * every * , do n't think it was particularly * forced * either . 
  not a mess per se . 
  eastern europe is just not west . 
  and it will never be . 
  the real question is what does eu need to keep expanding ? 
  what exactly is the point ? 
  why take the risk of new potential problems , when we ca n't even work it out in current system , with current members . 
  imo we should consolidate internally first , and once we are stronger we can move on accepting new members . 
  as i understand it was shut down in italy recently . 
  they operate in estonia and finland tho, 
  refugees would be coming to greece regardless if germany would accept them or not . 
  just like now they continuing to go to italy . 
  not true . 
  not true . 
  this is italiener making fake nachrichten !, 
  sad !, 
  we might lose a few battles , we might loose a war , we might even lose our kaiserthum . 
  but we shall never lose our beloved wiener schnitzel !, 
  do n't want to imply anything , but the_donald is from ny and has german roots as well . 
  ( they are not sending their best , germany . ), 
  we most certainly know how to win !, 
  we only find it a bit challenging to stretch the vinner schnitzel supply , after certain point . 
  considering that it was snowing yesterday in today 's territory of livonia , i think it is more saying `` i am not cold . '',
