  she was famous in her time , but of most interest to us , from her legend and even from the shreds of poetry left behind , it is clear sappho loved women . 
  in every way . 
  & nbsp ;  sappho worshipped and lauded aphrodite , the goddess of love . 
  her poetry frequently mentions aphrodite with admiration and appeals to her for intercession in sappho 's relationships with women . 
  it is this aspect of her poetry that would later get her in trouble . 
  & nbsp ;  for at least 700 years after her death , sappho was honored throughout greece and many parts of southern europe . 
  & nbsp ;  but something happened along the way that subverted the proper telling of sappho 's life in the fairytale that is history . 
  it is not clear when sappho 's star stopped shining , but as early as 140 a.d. , men of the christian church branded her a `` whore '' and described her work as deviant , especially due to her `` unnatural '' love of women . 
  some say her work was destroyed then , in the second century . 
  others say this occurred as late as the eleventh century . 
  either way , all that remains of the nine books of genius are fragments-actually forty pieces that make sense and only one poem in its entirety , and all are bits known only because they are contained within the work of later writers who quoted her . 
   we do n't get to decide who represents the american people . 
  they decided and that 's it . 
  unless its ivanka . 
  then her daddy gets to decide who represents the american people . 
  this data is from 2014 , so not the most recent . 
  tourism from russia was still relatively strong . 
  in what sense do you mean ? 
  i did n't find it more efficient then usual . 
  like low numbers of police force ca n't be replaced by a software . 
  went to russia . 
    sergei aksyonov , prime minister of the autonomous republic of crimea since it was annexed by russia , has proposed that putin be made president of the russian federation for life . 
   pretty sure that 's what he 's aiming for anyway . 
  or it could be seen as a threat , hinting at assassination before his current term ends . 
  they will never admit it , but immigrants are basically cheap workers , aka slaves , for ~ ~ them ~ ~ us ftfy oranges , tomatoes and phones are cheap for a reason . 
  yes , put the blame on somebody else . 
  every citizen is as responsible for the situation as is any politician . 
  not doing anything and saying how everything is shit will definitely change things . 
  in democracy , politicians are merely a reflection of the society that elected them . 
  because by default those countries are ( more ) multiethnic . 
  most of them were apart of ah for example , or have historic muslim communities . 
  in slovenia for example due to bosnias muslims are not seen as foreign/tabu . 
  you 're confusing bundeskanzlerin for the queen . 
   if v4 countries start being net contributors the baltics will have too , and at that point who is going to remain a recipient to counterbalance other countries ' net contributions , besides eu 's last three new entries and greece ? 
  budeget from cohesion policy is alocated to regions ( nuts 2 ) , not contry area ( nuts 1 ) . 
  it happens that one region in the same country in net contributor , while another is a net receiver ( see slovenia as an example ) . 
  more about [ nuts classification ( nomenclature of territorial units for statistics ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/nuts ), 
  for everyday use , maybe . 
  fyi most europeans understand german as well . 
  but with regards to the military , your enemy being able to understand you is definitly a disadvantage . 
  we should use our language divesity to our benefit . 
  why not give jobs to people who speak small unique languages/dialects like letzeburgesch , furlan , etc. 
  it 's funny , especially because croatia is sooo much bigger !, 
  great joke , i give it a 5/7 . 
   sometimes i hate this country . 
  what do you mean . 
  this is great to show how well off you are and to which class system you belong !, 
  same here . 
  i just hope next time i wear a white-red-black t-shirt people do n't think im subtlety supporting the nazis . 
   i also do n't like the fact that him being british is emphasized in the title . 
  why ? 
  are you implying that a tourist from some other country could easily do something so crazy/stupid ? 
  uber will vanish soon anyway . 
  they do n't even have any executives at the moment . 
  why do people just wait ?!, 
  especially in water or covered with a towel ? 
  makes no sense . 
  what i like about some plates is the regional symbolism/cote of arms . 
  plates from switzerland , austria , germany , slovenia , etc. 
  are all the same from far , but if you go into detail you 'll find out that are also a bit `` unique '' . 
  it comes across more personal , and less just numbers . 
  it 's short for san francisco/finland , where everybody is gay and blond . 
    unnamed driver had opened the door of his porsche directly into the cyclist 's path  but this looks to me either like the guy was very unlucky or going too fast . 
  cyclists get killed like this more often than you think . 
  it might look like an innocent accident from car driver/passenger perspective , as he only wanted to get out of the car , but it 's not . 
  it depends for what . 
  for starters , countries have different tax laws financial industries , there are different regulations in euro and outside euro just look at how uber is being banned in certain countries , while in others it 's working without issues, 
  ftfy we < 3 our ~ ~ german ~ ~ bavarian overlords . 
  just like the old times . 
  in democracy , politicians are only a mirror of the people that elected them . 
   but divorce law , symbols of the eu ? 
  i do n't get why we do n't participate in that yet . 
  1 . strong catholic church 2 . strong croat nationalism, 
  til - turkey is fucked . 
  right , this confirms it . 
  putin is a jew , and he wants to control the world . 
  lift those sanctions !, 
  eco-sanctions , best sanctions . 
  mind you that half of the baltic sea is missing here . . 
   is it that unreasonable for people to fear that in 2 or 3 generations they might become radicals and do exactly the same they do in the west ? 
  yes it is . 
  because they can do it poland today if they want to . 
  not accepting refugees will not prevent a possibility of an attack , as you only need one person . 
  austria , switzerland have muslim population almost as big as france ( approx 7 % ) and even bigger then uk , yet the problems are not the same . 
  cyprus even has like 20 % muslim population . 
  so it has little to do with having muslim and how big the community is . 
  it has more to do what policies and attitudes that poland and poles will implement . 
  most important factor here is that poland , hungary ** are the most mono-ethnic countries in the world ** , just behind japan . 
  avg people simply have no real-life experience with other ethnic groups . 
  reaction wold be exactly the same if ie bavarians would start using terror , for whatever point . 
  people in poland , hungary would still claim that * ` our cultures are not equal or compatible . 
  yes that are catholic , but thy are alpine gemans - therefore different ' *, 
  maybe the populist trump being the laughing stock of the world plays certain role in it as well ? 
  trump might help here . 
  if people compare him to trump then they will be happy that they dogged the bullet . 
  people might just realise that good politics today is n't easy . 
  it takes time to get things done . 
  on the other hand bad politics is n't difficult at all . 
   i think estonia is pretty advanced in both of those points , free wifi and digital id-cards . 
  maybe someone from there can give a bit of perspective on how well that works .
