   people who equate soviets to russians are not seeing the whole picture ... 
  the problem russians see themselves as the only nation in ussr , especially when it comes to ww2 victory , forgetting ukrainians , belrusians , central asian countries etc. 
  well we can go back to times when we were annexed by russian empire in 1795 and then after rebellions against russian rule we got shoved into our ass insanely harsh russification policies that did n't work only because books in our native language came from north-east prussian region by smugglers . 
  there are many moments for lithuanians and poles to hate russia . 
  both , same for us . 
  because we actually are quite different since we had [ different history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_states#etymology_and_history ) . 
  russian empire/ussr did n't won alone either , both were `` prison of nations '' . 
  besides yes they do , russia does n't have other sources to keep herself strong . 
  poland just wanted independent lithuania , so it could anschluss it later . 
  well we hate you for deluge , but [ union of k\u0117dainiai ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_k\u0117dainiai ) never forget . 
   are your friends cunts too ? 
  you are counting on their ability to kill if push comes to shove , right ? 
  who are they going to shoot ? 
  only absolute fool would try to invade us . 
  and no , they 're not cunts , because they 're shooting cunts that came to murder . 
   the rebels in ukraine have more armor and artillery than the three baltic countries together . 
  and we have nato and usa in front of us , good luck for those mosquito 's to get over them . 
   you did n't win your independence , you were let go . 
  if the ussr was n't falling apart , you would continue to be enslaved . 
  these people are standing up for themselves . 
  you can not process that because they want russia . 
  what ever you say . 
   well , as you yourself said , the other people are better at murdering . 
  pretty much says they 're all cunts . 
  that seems like an impossible task , unless you like to be on your knees . 
  what would you need to do to make norway , sweden or estonia mad ? 
  perk\u016bnas & perkele - bros for life !, 
  well bork army was tired , we were coming from hills and well , hussars stronk !, 
  we do n't fear little-green men , since `` rebels '' in ukraine showed on what we should be more focused while training . 
  we fought for our freedom with songs while holding hands against `` superpower '' , who stopped them from doing exactly that ? 
  i do n't consider them human beings when their goal is spill more blood , just for glory of nova-russia . 
  because we live in more civilized country where military personal do n't go on `` vacations '' just to practice how to murder . 
  yeah no problem , i forgive you my dear son , as long as you pray to our pagan gods and jesus h. christ . 
  well if commonwealth was n't so broke we could have had you after battle of [ kircholm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kircholm ) . 
  maybe they still think finlandization is on even after fall of ussr . 
   baltic contries are so `` young ''  finland is well established almost 100 years independent nation you clearly know jack sh * t about history of lithuania and finland . 
   nations like latvia and lithuania have hardly had a chance to have economies and polities free from soviet domination . 
  excuse me ? 
  what i just read is complete bs . 
  difference ussr , a second superpower does n't exist , communist ideology is long dead , russia alone has no power to make such friends in far away . 
   big nations have spheres of influence and they try to keep them . 
  russia is terrible at doing that though . 
  inb4 radicalised `` finns '' from karelia inc / s, 
  yeah of course brutal animals will be better at murdering . 
  nah we need to unite and recreate hussars , send them to vienna and they would instantly turn around and run :p, 
  will we ever stop this ex-ussr bs , we 're free to do what we want , fear of direct all-in invasion is not possible as georgia and ukraine showed . 
  and respecting `` treaties '' while kremlin just wipes it 's ass with it is pointless . 
  i think government model was the problem of ussr , it was probably worst time for communism to be born when democracies were soon replaced with authoritarian rule , let alone dictatorship . 
  that 's definitely yes , but w. europe is incompetent for this task . 
  those uneducated , economical immigrants that get fairy tales from smugglers about european governments giving you everything for free . 
  half of europe are defending their interest - making sure russia does n't fuck with us . 
  yeah you 're right , i 'm quite narrow minded when it comes to soviets , in other words if you support `` red '' i 'm against you . 
  why does this sentence nagging you so hard ? 
  it 's next to nothing for you to be worried about . 
  besides you 're not wrong , i took my words poorly , though it still shows that kremlin has stuff to hide otherwise why would they be worrying about `` dead-corpse '' crimes . 
  nobody wants to bill russia , we want russia to accept ussr crimes and to stop them praising it . 
  they tried to invade us and force us to become communist shit with their rights within litbel ssr , how awesome that could have been , i guess holodomor in lithuania would n't be that bad of a thing as long as we have rights , right ? 
  russian empire was already wrecked , we do n't feel any sympathy towards czarist russian or su , both are shit-holes and that tried to erase us from maps . 
  so pointing out that su should not have happened but re should have still been alive give nothing more but more hate . 
  if they open those they will have to open other archives too , people will want more and more . 
  no surprise tbh , kremlin is full of criminals that would better like to hide their past . 
  why was lithuania against itself ? 
  because of power . 
  otherwise i do n't know , maybe because of orthodoxy . 
  yeah i know , not long ago in news they told that norwegians together with lithuanians manage to capture ~ 25 drug dealers , 20 of them being lithuanian . 
  nope . 
  not really a burn when it 's well known fact . 
  after [ deluge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_ ( history \\ ) ) , commonwealth begin it 's decline as regional power . 
  what ? 
  you 're right , when i think of austria i think of austrian-hungarian empire which says it all . 
  latvia and estonia , but not lithuania though . 
  friend , get out of your batman cave and have some booze with friends while dancing around bonfire . 
  praise our [ pagans ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/34/romuvan_ceremony_%2811%29.png ) . 
  yes you could , you already have experience on russian soil . 
  do n't worry my bro , years are still ahead of you , for this will be hard times but future bright , just follow us and you shall reach the divine light on which we shall soon be . 
  well we three already have status of observers . 
  it does n't really change my point , older folk knows more russian than english , while youth reverse . 
  god dammit bestonia , slow down , let us catch up !, 
   what happened is that our happiness became separated from us and condensed into a liquid , and we 've been trying to drink it back ever since . 
  but it shows that estonia is what you need !, 
  you buy happiness from them !, 
  well people above ~ 30 y/o know it very well since it was lingua franca in ussr . 
  my father can speak nearly perfect russian but barely can use english , i ca n't say even single word in russian since my third language was french and my lingua franca is english . 
  well when i think about mexico , in my mind comes hot girls , awesome food , tequila and sombrero and of course awesome weather . 
  so i think we and our braliukai do like you . 
  i think what he means that we would looked up to nordics which potentially could have helped us rise fast too . 
  for lithuania wars with poland ( losing vilnius region ) and only gaining memel/klaip \u0117da in 1923 was quite a reason for growing economy . 
  it was bloodless ** overthrow of communist rule ** . 
  but it took some kind of * fight * against soviet forces that were coming to take away our independence again . 
   estonia is also the country that made the majority of its russophone population non-citizens overnight and has significant issues with discrimination of russians . 
  the citizenship act provides the following requirements for naturalisation of those people who had arrived in the country after 1940 , the majority of whom were ethnic russians : knowledge of the estonian language , constitution and a pledge of loyalty to estonia . 
   1989 -- 1991 : the singing revolution , bloodless overthrow of communist rule in estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  i have no idea what they expected . 
  russian revolutions never came in a good way anyway . 
  we will bring estonia to our side , they 're good against the danes . 
  yeah then get shit on by nato , good luck with that . 
  `` rule , sea germans !, 
  rule the waves '' , 
  plundering germans ? 
  more like planning on anschluss of lithuania .
