  quite sad to see your leaders are not competent as ours were in hard times . 
  too bad [ aivaras abromavi\u010dius ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aivaras_abromavi\u010dius ) wants to ditch from ukraine because of how much corrupted it 's now , even though he 's key politician that actually wanted to help ukraine . 
  anyway , best of luck . 
  and yet some people in w. europe want to have normal relations with kremlin , awesome . 
  swedish made , city buses are sexiest ones . 
  i see , thanks for the info . 
  great excuse , not buying any of it . 
  are n't they ? 
  even though they settled on baltic lands of old prussia ? 
  prussia was most pro nazi region , failure of integrating balts and other easter lands pushed for military means . 
  teutonic order , german prussia , german empire , third reich all wanted to have control of the baltics . 
  usa will never pull out of nato , no one out side russia would want that . 
   funny how you so much time bashing americans yet demanding they die for your country . 
  keep it up please , it helps me to no end . 
  you know nothing as i can see , we 're probably most grateful people for usa helping us to defend our peace , do n't be jealous . 
   us out of all these treaties . 
  especially nato push your worthless agenda as much as you want nobody will think the same as your little head . 
  not directly , but they 're supporting with ammunition , military hardware etc separatists in e. ukraine . 
   creation of ukraine what accords ? 
  true , but even without usa they would n't need military , they 're surrounded by peaceful nations that are in both eu and nato out side switzerland , which is still connected one way or another with eu like schengen area . 
  he triggered it and is still putting fuel on that fire . 
   however this also shows they are easy can be taken advantage of easily . 
  only by their internal politicians , most notably merkel . 
  well they 're passive in a good way , unlike russians who do n't give a damn if they 're getting robbed by their own government . 
  trump is a clown , the other two are criminals . 
  so yeah . 
  when it counters your way of making invasions , sure you will hate it . 
  not really , serbia is leaning towards eu and nato , and i , one would welcome them with warm hands . 
  it 's russian backed separatists that destroyed everything that ukraine had , russia or more specifically putin and his kremlin lapdogs are the core of the problem . 
  ukrainians wanted a better life , expecting to make closer ties with eu as they clearly can see how much life is better in poland than it ever was in ukraine even though they started from same dot . 
  germany is still biggest economic powerhouse in europe , which could easily boost it 's military from laughable to threatening . 
  it 's that germans are and were always been actually smart people . 
  baltic germans were the reason of all military past . 
   answer from geography : the shorter the border and the harsher the climate around it , the easier it is to defend it . 
  that 's the reason why the winter war happened . 
  it happened because of [ molotov -- ribbentrop pact ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov\u2013ribbentrop_pact ) . 
  yeah , deporting to siberia or straight murdering our native population , then bringing russians in . 
  god , i wonder what kind of idiots exist in this world that believe ussr was a wonderful state ... 
  pretty much every soviet apologist comments ever . 
   i do n't recall nato annexing any russian territories . 
  nato `` annexed baltic republics '' / s, 
  so ironic . 
   expansionism not like we had to have stable borders , not like we had to apply , not like we had to be accepted by every member . 
  expansionism ... 
   messing with the balance of powers where they 're not welcome . 
  you do understand that russia is not welcome anywhere out side belarus ? 
  since end of world war 2 our partisans dreamed about americans and other western allies to come to our aid , not soviets , not russians , but western world . 
  nobody wants to see kremlin influence here no one , out side russians who live in russia , those who live in estonia and latvia know exactly how their lives are better compared to that in russia . 
   by the current regional power . 
  yeah right , a lot of nukes , no balls , doing hybrid warfare because of fear of total economic blockade . 
  your economy already going to sh * t because of oil prices . 
  russians are special kind of people ... 
  nato expands ... because countries sought for defence alliance to make sure they will never get invaded by anyone . 
  look georgia , moldova and ukraine , not nato , we have the results . 
  `` victims '', 
  this guy gets it . 
  after the split from kievan rus ' ( most of it was obsorbed by grand duchy of lithuania ) , russian state was born as [ grand principality of moscow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_duchy_of_moscow ) who later become tsardom of russia and then russian empire . 
  turks were n't in the territory at that time when roman empire held modern turkish territories . 
  i actually never knew about it , til , thank you . 
  seems pretty similar to our wars of independence : fighting off bolsheviks ( reds ) , bermontians ( ex-imperial forces ) and poland for control of our land in all fronts . 
  interesting , could you expand on it , what exactly they would get in return on being just territory instead of being colony ? 
   invading europeans to go fuck themselves and kicked them out [ i remember it differently ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna ) . 
  i never said others do n't work hard too . 
  because we come to uk to actually work and earn money . 
  not surprising , plus hardly will anything happen after this . 
  liberia , japan and korea are influenced by america which is * influenced by europeans . 
  queen of `` not letting it go '', 
  russian empire used to own alaska . 
  do n't worry , no matter what we will support you , as [ we know very well your pain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqfbkjnryn0 ) . 
  you can delete your acc now , nobody wants to hear how stupid you 're . 
  actually greek and turkic language are from different language families , i have no idea how they can sound similar . 
  loanwords might be the only thing that connects their languages . 
  install plc flag , would be sexy as spanish one . 
  i meant culture . 
  you would be amazed how little greeks and turks are different , well at least w. turkey . 
  i wonder if he counts modern period as lithuania being independent ? 
  since we only lost it in 1795 before that we were independent as grand duchy of lithuania and later polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  vytis still best flag . 
  some things need context . 
  actually they could have been more like norway , they could easily power up their economy since they have resources which japan can only dream off . 
  actually bit of turkey is in europe . 
  til norway , uk , finland , spain , switzerland , kosovo , belgium , the netherlands are ex-ussr . 
  thank god we are not united with poland any more !, 
  it 's quite sad when you see comments where russians praise ussr for some irrational reason . 
  back in 1991 between january 11 and 13 when what is known as `` january events '' took place in lithuania , when soviet used armed forces to crush peaceful lithuanian civilians , muscovites gone to streets , around 1 million of them were protesting soviet aggression towards baltic republics . 
  and now they - kremlin cry for us removing everything that resembles about soviet occupation ... 
  you get what you elect . 
  russian empire was also bad . 
  considering that most russians starting to not consider themselves as europeans but rather `` special people of east '' ... 
  mongols are your cousins now . 
  are n't protestants dirty heathens as they do not fallow pope ? 
   how are they supposed to poke fun at ` muricans if they are fat as well . 
  we shall start poking fun at russians for being bone thin . 
  i doubt kremlin would have spared money to pay for those now . 
  yeah , but allies would come eventually and that would be far better than soviets , considering that soviets killed more of lithuanian 's than nazis did . 
  have you covered laws that are made by eu and also [ european economic area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area ) ? 
  just put them in themed park , that 's where we put , rarely anyone goes there , so it rots there for good . 
   and if soviet union would stop at the border , then germans would probably wipe out all poles as per plan ost no , americans and other western allies would have come instead of soviets , that 's even better a-history . 
  no ugly ass soviet monuments or oppression . 
  oh the dream .
