  polish * invasion , lithuanian army did n't take part in occupation of muscovy . 
   maybe you guys started it first and cemented yourself as an existential threat that needs to be dealt with in historical context ? 
  kievan rus ' was first who raided us , you got rekt by mongols , we took the pieces , russia was born and tried to take the pieces back with some extra . 
   or maybe even go to the 16th century , to muscovite wars when poland was allied with lithuania ? 
  as i said you wanted the pieces back . 
  all gods look the same to me . 
  my bad though . 
  and what to do with people that bring hell to us ? 
  this is thread about non-educated leeching economic migrants , not about actual refugees . 
  helios , put fire on greek enemies !, 
  you will have to marry our snow then . 
  our government is hostile towards polish minority ? 
  last time i remember your government did n't even wanted to consider us a nation , your language and culture was the one that took over our land , and we simply wanted to live in peace and prosperity like we did in grand duchy ' times . 
  your goverment was the one that broke peace treaty and faked mutiny to take over land like putin did with crimea . 
  you do n't even know about poles in lithuania today , they live far better life than common lithuanians do . 
  you 're just eating it up what kremlin 's puppet - waldemar tomaszewski screams towards media . 
  polish alphabet letters , street names in polish ... is that really an oppression , when it can be fixed very easily , i could n't care less about it . 
  iirc we already fixed this issues . 
  so please stop , get grip on yourself and stop talking out of your ass . 
   i fully support my current government , if you will not stop this actions we will have to intervene . 
  with all respect . 
  well it 's your free will to support what you want . 
  and excuse me ? 
  what action ? 
  what intervention are you talking about ? 
  you 're fellow nato country , the moment you become adversary to us you 're going to get kicked out , since you have 0 reasons to send your army here . 
  so please once again , stop eating everything what yellow media says to you and do more research before speaking out of your ass . 
  thank you and have a wonderful day . 
  i mean if this guy actually knew little bit about poles in lithuania he would n't speak out of his ass . 
  our polish minority `` oppression '' is non existing in lithuania , media just blows it out way too much . 
  do n't take it personally . 
  there are many old politicians that makes our country lag more than we should . 
  gib more gifts to perk\u016bnas , he ai n't happy . 
  clown fiesta , instead of one clown . 
  nothing changes . 
  nope . 
  those are more like clowns v. tomeswski who should piss off from politics and kremlins ass . 
  well greece sadly is tasting similar stuff what we did ~ 26 years ago . 
   big brother oh god . 
  you not only triggered him , but also me . 
  or you know should have fallowed suit into the eu , map just says that . 
  well there are already banks from denmark , sweden and norway in baltics , iceland might join the club . 
  now all we need is a cool name , something like `` icebank '' . 
  if extreme wing ever happened in europe everyone are fucked . 
  putin 's russia ironically is already reaching fascist level . 
  somebody is dreaming [ about it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dqj78j4.png ) again . 
  you 're an dumb person then . 
  but vytis is a defending symbol against teutonic knights . 
  may i ask what kind of drug are you using ? 
  because you 're speaking like from another world . 
  yes . 
  and ? 
  things you named should make russia innocent of all crimes it committed ? 
  bugger off . 
  well if so i 'm more than happy to be on brighter side of curtain ( west ) . 
  [ i 'll pass ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/refhodn.jpg ) edit : i did n't mean anything personal against poles . 
  because it brings only negative shadow alongside . 
  hardly . 
  do you hate gay ? 
  if so what are the reasons ? 
  also as much west as greece is . 
  go away lenkija . 
  many young people here do n't give a shit if you 're gay . 
   no one is defending imperial russia , if you noticed there was a revolution in 1917 to remove the oppressive regime . 
  to be replaced with another oppressive regime , great achievement russia !, 
   the language survives quite well under ussr , it was n't banned , the opposite - it was protected and promoted and it is the reason why it has survived - thanks to soviets oh yeah thanks soviets for not letting us be independent , if we were independent our language would have died , just * poof * like that . 
  what drugs are you taking , honestly . 
   pathetic excuse , 94 % of jews were exterminated even before the germans took full control of the country . 
  bulls crap . 
   commies where prosecuting based on political believes nazism was also banned in interwar lithuania , no extreme had place here . 
  you make it sound like commies were good people , definitely not financed by stalin to over throw government which they did after ultimatum from ussr . 
   here is more info about the glorious `` anti-nazi '' ( big lol ) noreika who right now , in 2016 , is considered a lithuanian national hero : honestly you 're doing same thing right now , you try to be devils advocate , you 're trying to defend evil . 
  plus why do you use lithuanian nationalists , there is clearly other words for it , nazis and fascists . 
  if i 'm lithuanian nationalist does it mean i 'm going to start killing anyone i do n't like ? 
  so please . 
  i fully agree on this . 
  well when i think about nato i think it has to do more with european and n. american continent than countries themselves . 
   destabilising other regions are you living under the rock ? 
  not only they 're involved in middle east , they 're completely fucking up european nations such as ukraine , moldova and georgia . 
  so does russia and any other nation , it 's a play ground . 
   they took all those cities for themselves kaunas went from 6 % lithuanian to 94 % lithuanian is called taking it to themselves ? 
  because lithuanians were banned to settle in city , and you already know imperial russia done to our language . 
  what soviets did is what nazi intended to do - kill , deport and replace . 
  only an absolute moron would think that is a good thing . 
   you want to see what happens when it is not promoted - see gaelic irish , brittany , welsh , scottish , sorbian , walloon , saami . 
  the list is endless . 
  lithuanian has actually survived very well , not in small part due to protection of it by soviets . 
  our language would n't survived that either if we stayed in union with poland , russian empire or ussr as much time as those languages did . 
   you mean different type of animals to the lithuanian nationalists who eagerly exterminated 94 % of jewish population and they did n't even need a totalitarian regime to do it , purely out of their racist convictions ? 
  that 's some high moral ground there !, 
  talking about whataboutism , i 'm not defending lithuanian fascists who were actually getting released from prisons by nazi germans . 
  why would you even compare to that , soviets were animals , nazis were animals , lithuanian fascists who killed jews were animals , they were indeed sick fucks . 
  soviets were no different from them , they even used it as propaganda against lithuanian partisans who actually fought for freedom of lithuania . 
   now days , while in eu , lithuania names schools after j. noreika , a notorious nazi collaborator who ordered extermination of thousands of lithuanian jews and then has a cheek to complain about stalin ? 
  laughable !, 
  maybe because he 's was anti-nazi and anti-soviet ? 
  since he fought against soviets . 
  plus did n't he just created a ghetto ? 
  and just moved jews from one place to other ? 
  while hitlers army would come for no reason and start shotting jews .
