   liberation of [ you got ta be kidding me ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forest_brothers ) . 
  as a documentary about lithuanian partisans who fought against soviet occupation and were expecting americans to eventually come , yes . 
  i 'd rather watch the invisible front . 
  that 's blood of the vytis , not blood of the soviet . 
  better dead than red . 
  time for james bond cosplay . 
  only those that were previously colonies of european powers . 
   either way , a pretty offensive thing to say . 
  like we 're just some random mishmash and people that were tricked into believing we 're an actual nation . 
  i never intended to say usa is not a nation . 
  russian can become american , but he ca n't become lithuanian , because he 's slav , not balt . 
  i 'd actually say genes are most modern way to say what ethnicity you 're . 
  american can be from africa , europe , middle east , india ethnicity . 
  that was my point . 
  america is not made by one ethnicity , so it has no ethnicity that unites all america into one . 
  if you do n't like it so much maybe it 's time to leave eu ? 
  i doubt common dutch would want that . 
   while not sharing the burderns like refugees actually we do , problem is that none of refugees that gets past our security measures want to go to lithuania and taking them by force would only create further problems . 
  germany , belgium , france are prime example why you should n't let anyone in . 
  as much as we wished to help greece and other countries , we can not downgrade security of our countrymen . 
  oh wow , several unknown people march to `` honor '' nazis ( note nazi symbols are illegal in lithuania ) . 
  while russian state itself makes a biggest parade in honour of soviet union , yeah fuck off . 
  i can give same examples about red army , soviet collaborators etc. 
  difference is that we actually acknowledge terrible past of nazi collaborators while russia till this day is praising soviet animals . 
  how is that throwing in the butt when that money gets invested in infrastructure , renovation etc. 
  those money are making us less and less dependable till the moment we will pour more money than we would get , that 's the point of european union , to make every member state economically thriving . 
  we 're definitely not a free loaders . 
  nobody stopped them from joining nato . 
  i really do n't think putin gets his wealth from his salary . 
  i would n't call us `` money sink '' , money is not getting wasted here . 
  i specificity meant those on eastern front . 
  after ussr invasion of lithuania when they start deporting and killing innocent people we greeted werchmat army with open arms and flower . 
  those soldiers acted like normal people , would ask and pay back for things they would need like soup , while soviets took what they could and would beat sh * t out of you if you said anything , killing started to happen only after ss officers started to come here . 
  actually if it 's full of snow it looks really gorgeous , autumn is when things get depressing . 
  i 'm pretty sure when i say `` we '' , i mean my side of europe . 
  language , culture , historical heritage . 
  russia has invaded us many times , we see russia as a threat . 
   may be you do not know , but even first nato chief was nazi germany general and army man is not a nazi . 
  he fought for germany not for the nazis . 
  a common werchmat soldier thought he was fighting against communism not for nazis . 
  i think he meant that america does n't have official language or no one ethnic group , like europeans - germanic , romance , balts , slavs etc. 
  because they do n't have an aggressive nation next to them . 
  where in the gods name you see me blaming russians ? 
  ussr was n't made just by russians . 
  those all were europeans , even today most americans are european descendent . 
  you should give props to europeans , america was n't even considered as nation or identity for that matter when this sh * t was happening , also it was n't any different from ottomans against armenians or deluge times in polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  nobody are forcing other countries to fallow usa , it 's in their own free choice to choose if they want to help usa or not . 
  let 's hope europe gets it sh * t together and takes over usa hegemony . 
  european federation can become bastion of tier 1 civilization from tier 0 in which we live at the moment but all of us are way to different and have different opinions for it to become reality . 
  quite sad i 'd say , europeans always had great potential in many things . 
   all parties to maintain stable relations with russia it 's hard when russia is trying to destabilize relations . 
   my point is eastern europe was never on par with western europe since about the time reformation how does religion has to do with it ? 
  religion was n't important part of polish-lithuanian commonwealth which had in it 's possession most of e. europe . 
  i think obtaining second oldest [ constitution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_may_3,_1791 ) in world and first in europe was far more important than religion . 
   and the age of discoveries started it has to do with geographical location . 
   even on your map lithuania is about twice as poor as pretty much all western countries that 's has to do with history . 
  most of w. europe were part of roman empire , frankish empire , hre , napoleon times etc. 
  while we unite into a state far late xiii c. took christianity xiv c. and were between major powers so battles were rampaging through our land , most notable are `` deluge '' times , you can compare them to almost nazi times , a lot of loss in population . 
  and then comes russia , which was shittiest empire to be part of . 
  but yes i do agree , we were n't on pair with most of west , but it 's not brainer that life is better in spain , greece , portugal , ireland than that of lithuania so ussr did damage us . 
   like ireland ? 
  `` enlighted '' british occupation was n't exactly a walk in the park you know . 
  i know british occupation was terrible for ireland but they were n't a battlefield . 
  moldova language is literally romanian , same ethnic groups out side russians who were brought by ussr ( surprise !, 
   yes . 
  good marketing . 
  usually , though , alliances are between equals , and you said it yourself , you 're not . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  what do you define being equal ? 
  alliance are not made just by super-powers , great powers only , you know . 
   so when the oval calls your chief tomorrow and asks him to jump , or else , he 's not going to ask how high ? 
  sure , keep believing that . 
  you have no idea what are you talking about , if i were you i would shut it up already . 
  then i will just turn on info tv where only news are on , no ads . 
   are you capable to defend against either russia or america ? 
  no , we 're not capable on defending ourselves against russia , that 's why we 're asking for usa to boost it 's presence here . 
  we do n't need to defend against america , they do not posses any threat to us , unlike russia . 
   and yet you have american troops on your soil , of course as your `` friends '' and `` protectors '' against russia . 
  because we ask them ? 
  that 's a thing called alliance you know . 
   sounds a lot like you being an american protectorate ... usa does not influence our foreign policy , they do not influence our internal politics , we 're not protectorate , we 're allies . 
  umm , [ yes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ovivrc1.png ) , we also were n't independent for 123 years and were occupied by backwardish russian empire , so for a start those were quite a nice numbers when compared to countries that were independent for far longer time . 
  plus we lost two main regions at that time - vilnius - capital city ( got it only after ww2 ) and klaip\u0117da ( got it in 1923 ) . 
   a national currency , called the lithuanian litas , was introduced in 1922 . 
  it proved to become one of the most stable currencies in europe during the inter-war period . 
   lithuania was the second in the world in exporting flax ; lithuanian farm products such as meat , dairy products , many kinds of grain , potatoes , etc. 
  were of superior quality in the world market . 
   later , many inefficient factories and industry companies , highly dependent on other regions of ussr , were established in lithuania . 
  despite that , in 1990 , gdp per capita of the lithuanian soviet socialist republic was $ 8,591 , which was above the average for the rest of the soviet union of $ 6,871 but lagging behind developed western countries . 
  so if not ussr we would n't be that far behind . 
  explain me how we 're american protectorate ? 
  do n't forget red army in ww2 . 
  i wish americans knew how much thankful we 're for them . 
  summers are very warm here so do n't worry you wo n't die . 
   f \\* ck ** ussr ** are you blind or just plain stupid ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we were on pair with w. europe when we were democratic/authoritarian in interwar period , the moment we were occupied by red army our economy went to sh * t. fall of ussr only exposed truth about communism . 
  i mean fuck communism, 
  it 's not about size but whose army it 's , local pop rarely like to support war but if they find out their peace keepers die at the hands of aggressor they will support total capitulation of enemy, 
  those troops are meant to deter conflict,
