  that 's what you 'd think , but for example in the us that 's not the case . 
  in order to be officially unemployed and get benefits , you have to prove you 've applied to some number of jobs per month . 
  and you can only do this for six months so after that you 're no longer officially unemployed and do n't get counted in statistics . 
  but more to the point , in your previous comment you differentiate between unemployed people who have an illegal income and those registered as seeking a job . 
  how does the government know the difference ? 
  would be interested to know the requirements for registering as a job seeking person . 
  ok i just lost a lot of faith in humanity . 
  how on earth can something like that happen . 
   some blogger got extradited from belarus to azerbaijan for visiting nagorno-karabakh holy shit that 's absolutely terrifying . 
  does belarus import a lot of oil from azerbaijan ? 
  why would they feel this was necessary ? 
  any belorussians care to comment ? 
  how big was this compared to others in recent memory ? 
  if someone said `` hey look , a picture of california '' would you write `` looks like the usa to me '' ? . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  their government is not and has never been ( and i do n't know of anyone who has ever claimed it to be ) , but their populace is indeed very liberal for the region . 
  yeah but we do it a lot so we make up for everyone else . 
  hey , i looked on [ this website ] ( http://aqicn.org/city/skopje/ ) and while it 's definitely bad , i 'm not seeing that 1,218 number . 
  could you send me a link to where you 're getting you 're data ? 
  here 's hoping this whole thing stays peaceful and ends without governmental chaos . 
  thanks for the info, 
  i think one difference could be that grad rockets are ranged weapons , while tanks and armored vehicles are not . 
  i 'm not a military strategist , but it seems more likely to expect a ranged assault on a grad firing position rather than a tank storage depo . 
  yes indeed , this was very enlightening for me , thanks !, 
  when the area declared independence ukraine met them with military force . 
  i think that was bad . 
  i think them declaring independence was also bad . 
  i think it would be a bad idea to start shelling such areas, 
  use whatever nomenclature you want . 
  it was a bad idea for ukraine to use military force in the donbass . 
  unfortunately nation states pretty much never do this . 
  i suppose the worry is settng a precident that any part that does n't want to be a part of them can just leave . 
  i personally support ukraine 's western journey , but invading the donbass was , in my opinion , highly irresponsible . 
  so you 're telling me that the us is `` investing '' in eastern poland ... our children will be proud !, 
  that man is a fucking fear monger . 
  unfortunately such data does not exist , so we ca n't say anything in either direction . 
  sweet , i think that 's all of them , thanks !, 
  better than the german one by far , and i did n't even get the political and cultural jokes . 
  care to explain ? 
  while i love the idea i thought this one was disappointing . 
  looking forward to the rest , though !, 
  ah that 's exactly what it is , the red just is n't very apparent in that lighting !, 
  ummm why does the 22:30 altercations photo have a bunch of ukrainian flags ? 
  ( or is that a similar flag for some part of romania ? ), 
  oh god you 're right ... 
  in croatia i do n't think you 'll be able to get past the german and italian tourists tbh, 
  someone explain to me his positions in comparison to , for example , merkel . 
  funnily enough [ orf does it too ] ( http://wetter.orf.at/tirol/ ), 
  sad that the only comment thread here is an argument over who built the city . 
  who cares ? 
  it 's beautiful !, 
  wroclaw is definitely my favorite city i 've visited in poland , and i 'd love to come back in summer and see it like this !, 
  i forgot about jefferson , but johnson and lincoln are debatable and definitely used a * lot * of christian rhetoric . 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_affiliations_of_presidents_of_the_united_states ) we have never had a president who did not at least ostensibly claim christianity -- he knows the game he needs to play . 
  edit : jefferson was a deist , true , but he was a while ago . 
  well , i can say it 's certainly the term i would use . 
  the word has both meanings : http://www.dictionary.com/browse/mollify, 
  i think what he 's referring to is china 's history of extreme censorship which could be used to effectively mollify russian media campaigns , should they arise . 
   limonov soon tired of zhirinovsky , accusing him of moderateness lol , that 's very telling . 
  the guy lived an interesting life , though , i 'd be interested in reading his autobiography, 
  people like that certainly exist , but they are a small minority . 
  they are mostly those who agree with putin 's more hardline conservative social policies , though , and less about other authoritarian stuff . 
  they certainly seem to be on the increase , though ... 
  i 'm sure at least some of them know . 
  i have an austrian friend who posted a similar picture of jumping on top of the monument stones . 
  have to say i found it in really bad taste . 
  i just do n't understand why you could n't find a better place to take your stupid selfie than at a memorial remembering 6 million deaths . 
  can you explain odnoklassniki to me ? 
  from what i understand it 's site where you can find old classmates , hence the name . 
  we have such websites in the states , but they 're very small and not very popular -- what makes odnoklassniki so popular ? 
   traditionally the russian state ( s ) were not fond of giving power to the people and instead featured ` strong leaders ' with a lot of control . 
  to be fair , modern democracy is hardly a `` tradition '' is the west , either -- despots are found in most european countries not too terribly long ago . 
  do n't forget odnoklassniki !, 
  dude that 's totally an escalope of pork , what are you talking about . 
  i swear i have never heard or seen that term anywhere except as an english translation of `` schnitzel '' on austrian menus ... but we all know it as a schnitzel , lol, 
   train station in innsbruck at night is not a place for people that look obviously leftwing i saw a guy with an exposed swastika tattoo at the innsbruck train station . 
  so yeah . 
  whoops , yeah , lol , you can walk around the whole city of innsbruck on christmas eve and not see another soul xd, 
  i spend a lot of time in innsbruck and have many female friends , both austrians and foreigners , who were out on the town on new years , and none of them noticed anything out of the ordinary going on . 
  not saying these sexual assaults did n't happen , of course they did , but this was a completely different animal than cologne 2015 . 
  interesting angle, 
  but switzerland still has 5 % muslims , which , like i said , is on par for central europe , so their citizenship policy has not prevented them from having this immigration . 
  switzerland is 5 % muslim , on par with many other european countries , and their foreign born population is almost 25 % , one of the highest , if not the highest in europe . 
  having citizenship has nothing to do with who is in your country . 
  looking at ch 's naturalization law , it looks like since 1952 there have been paths to citizenship even for foreign born people : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_nationality_law#1952_federal_nationality_law why , then , are there swiss-born people whose parents were also born in switzerland who still have n't claimed citizenship ? 
  i 'm honestly curious . 
  holy shit , in switzerland there are third generation immigrants who do n't have citizenship ? 
  let 's keep this civilized, 
  x11x2 's point is that if the uk gave no fucks about previous precedents , why would they give fucks about this one ? 
  you 're right , i looked at the city population on accident . 
  he quit saying there was to much corruption to work , and i believe he founded his own political party . 
  so as of yet not much , but he appears to be trying . 
   ukraine 's problem is its wealth inequality it might be hard to believe , but ukraine scores very well on the gini coefficient , for example notably better than the usa and even better than germany . 
  these countries have less poverty , to be sure , but in terms of actual wealth distribution ukraine is doing fine . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures us is about 3.3 % of gdp , russia is 5.4 % , and apparently saudi arabia is 13.7 % . 
  that said the us still spends ~ 10x more . 
  that number simply can not be right . 
  the population of kaliningrad is 437.000, 
  the russians just like tanks .
