this was my first thought , too . 
   trump 's concession speech you know , i had n't thought about that , that 's a good point . 
  i would n't be surprised if he founds his own party in it . 
  healthy people are n't orange , either, 
   i press you the thumbs !, 
  did you google translate this ? 
  edit : i get the joke now , lol, 
  actually the amount of memorials and monuments to the fallen of wwi and wwii in germany and austria is quite high . 
  went hiking in austria with some poles once ; they were not happy when we found one halfway up a mountain . 
  i personally think people should always be allowed to morn their dead . 
  this is true , but it does mean they have to put up with [ a lot of shit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_foreign_agent_law#implications_for_ngos ) edit : why are we downvoting the russian , guys ? 
  he literally just pointed out an inaccuracy in / u/doeboy73 's comment . 
  hey man , i 'm not defending the actions of the serbs in croatia at they . 
  they were monsters . 
  but it does n't seem to make much sense for croatia , an ethnically-based nation state , to claim an area with an overwhelming serb majority ? 
  the more i 'm discussing this , the more i realize how angry i am at the concept of the modern nation state . 
   what of the croat population in those areas ? 
  i think nobody has a very good idea on what to do in that situation , really . 
  we saw the majority of croats in bosnia leave leave to croatia and the majority of the serbs in croatia leave to bosnia . 
  i really think this comes down to the fact that the whole area of yugoslavia ( minus slovenia ) was really just poor fit for the concept of the modern nation state . 
  you had people groups with distinct religious , linguistic , and ethnic qualities all living in the same area , often with no overwhelming majority . 
  it seems like the best thing to do is to give the majority serb areas to the serbia , croats to croatia , ect ... but then you 're fucking the minorities . 
  and that 's awful . 
  but surely it 's better than fucking the majorities ? 
  if we 're going to have these ethnically-based states , i suppose we should be consistent , but yeah man , no clear answer there . 
  yes , just as nagorno-karabak is still legally part of azerbaijan , and its armenian citizens would * really * rather be part of armenia . 
  but again , the whole point of my objecting is to cast doubt on as to whether we should highly value whether a place is `` legally '' part of a country . 
  dude , everybody was killing everybody during the wars . 
  sorry to say it but croats did it to . 
  it was an awful time . 
  i mean sure , i 'd be fine with any county with 80 + % ethnic mexicans doing whatever they want . 
  i think a better comparison would be if there was a small portion of texas or somewhere that had historically been mexican but somehow stayed in the us . 
  but these comparisons are always hard to make , because the fact that the us and mexico were built by colonization means that ethnic feeling is very different . 
  but i digress . 
  of course they were n't , but the creation of the modern nation-state changed everything . 
  again , you 're using historical precedent to say who should rule whom . 
  you 're say that because knin happened to fall under croatian borders , it is somehow just that it was to continue that way . 
  i , however , think that people have a right to choose who rules them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/knin#demographics since 1880 we have records that knin was 80 + % serbian . 
  it was not a big deal to give knin to croatia in yugoslav times because they were all part of a nice big federal entity , much like how many areas were shifted around during the soviet union ( see crimea , nogorno-karabak , ect ) did n't cause problems until after the fall . 
  but as soon as croatia declared independence , cutting ties to belgrade , of course the people of knin were n't very happy about that . 
  it is important to remember that constitutional boarders are not always just . 
  just look at nogorno-karabak today -- azerbaijan 's arguement that the territory is theirs is `` it was ours in the azerbaijani ssr '' . 
  but it 's clearly not azerbaijani . 
  let 's be honest : places like knin were not croatian . 
  they are now , but before the war it was absurd for croatia to claim them based on an the argument `` this was ours before '' . 
  but leaving that note behind us : happy independence day , man !, 
  i mean , it was * certainly * heavily supported by the us and the west -- many different western organizations helped set up tents , distribute food and equipment , ect -- but i spent a few weeks in western ukriane a few months before it happened , and i can tell you i was not a * bit * surprised by the maidan based on the massive , massive rift between the east and west of the country , with no governmental institutions to keep both sides happy . 
  ok , let 's assume i 'm a shill trying to distort the facts and keep the sheeple comfortable and i left out 9/11 on purpose . 
  regardless , the * the phenomenon i pointed out stays * . 
  deaths due to terrorism , despite being very small in number on any objective scale , and * massively * over-reported . 
  every year in new york city alone more 4,000 + people contract cancer , 33 % more than died in 9/11 . 
  and yet which one are people afraid of ? 
  which one do people feel is an existential threat ? 
  which one do news media companies make their millions on ? 
  this is what my comment was about , and my original comment demonstrates it very well regardless of whether we take 9/11 into account . 
  and if i had picked 30 it would have been the same number per year as san joaquin again . 
  picking 16 is incredibly screwing the data to show the opposite . 
  i picked 15 a. it 's a nice number and b. because 9/11 was a special case . 
  exactly . 
  completely bullshit answer . 
  one great example a professor of mine once gave is '' [ san joaquin fever ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coccidioidomycosis ) '' , a fungal infection suffered by thousands of people per year in the southwest/desert area of the us . 
  there are no cures , though some treatments can increase your chances . 
  it kills around 100 per year , way more than terrorist groups in the us ( in the past 15 years jihadist have killed around 100 , so less than ~ 7 per year ) . 
  and yet no one gives a shit . 
  there is no national news whenever an epidemic breaks out and hardly anyone has ever even heard of it -- there is not even research into a cure . 
  does / u/groovydiscovolante think that the family members of the victims of this disease do n't feel anything when their loved one dies of a freak fungal infection ? 
  so why the hell do we focus so much on terror acts ? 
  that 's a complicated question , but it sure as hell is n't `` because every life is sacred and think of the families '', 
   it has the largest solar power station in the world there were [ two big ones in crimea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solar_power_in_ukraine ) , which were large when they were built , but neither even make the [ top 30 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_photovoltaic_power_stations#world.27s_largest_photovoltaic_power_stations ) anymore . 
  when i visited romania a few years ago , one thing i found kinda odd/funny was that almost all trams and buses were clearly old ones bought from germany or austria , as most of the signs and warnings on the inside were still all in german , lol . 
  lots of intercity buses still had big `` stadtverkehr salzburg '' on them . 
   looking back , it 's clear that this europeanisation was perhaps only relevant to an outwardly focused , relatively privileged minority , to people interested in a world beyond the end of their street and able to afford to investigate it . 
  this was a convicting statement for me . 
  not surprising as a large number of consumer goods are labelled for sale in austria , hungary , and slovenia . 
  i always sort of laugh at the thought that they 're all still one marketing area for a lot of companies , old ties never die , eh ? 
  ummmm yeah let 's try not to wish for the destruction of countries , eh ? 
  i 'll just have a little laugh to myself that the only part of italy were the gdp increased is majority german speakers, 
  yeah we only have the spotted variety, 
  i would n't go that far , i still remember their reaction after konchita wurst . 
  you 're right , he meant * lemberg, 
  sweet , why did n't i get one of these when i came in in august ? 
  you can tell it 's staged because he did n't arrive completely zonked at 3am , lol seriously though , basically all incoming flights in tbilisi come in the early , early morning to make the schedule work for more conventional destinations . 
  or the guy could have closed the door, 
  take a selfie with the tree and post it !!!, 
  but erdogan keeps getting more popular . 
  maybe we 're all the retards ? 
  yeah i think it will be similar to what happened in the 2016 austrian election , but without that nasty re-vote . 
  hofer absolutely dominated the initial election ( 35 % of the vote , almost 15 % more than any other candidate ) , but lost by a small margin in the first runoff and a fairly large margin in the second . 
  makes sense , russia is the the country in the world ( i think ) that does nuclear ice breakers, 
  what a colorful life . 
  illiberal = conservative they 're on the same spectrum, 
  look at the wealth differential between countries like germany and romania . 
  romanians have full working rights in germany and other eu countries much , much wealthier than them . 
  and while a good number made the move , the vast , vast majority did n't . 
  people do give up everything and move -- but we can see from historical precedents that the majority do not , but a very large margin . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  there 's a reason why the us ( other than trump ) likes nato and has kept it around for so long -- it keeps europe dependent on us and is a huge bargaining token . 
  self-sustaining european armies are not something the us wants . 
  it 'll probably eventually be done away with , but wwii is still not to far off from people 's minds these days .
