  they can not into nordic ? 
  tuborg ftw ( it 's the only danish beer brand i know ) . 
  i think you should sort out your financial problems first though . 
  so it reduced land crossings , but the sea crossings skyrocketed . 
  not much of a positive effect , i would say . 
  but the rebels said they get their weapons from the ukrainian army ... ^ / s, 
  i find the funniest verse to be `` com jesus \u00e9 mais legal '' , which means `` jesus is the coolest '' but to a romanian sounds like `` cur \u0219i \u021b\u00e2\u021be-n nas le dau '' ( `` i give them ass and tits into their noses '' ) . 
  i 'm not sure about hat , but it would n't be surprising since a lot of romanian slang words come from the gypsy language , like bulangiu , muie , gagic\u0103 , a mangli , \u0219ucar , a hali , baft\u0103 etc. 
  am i the only one who does n't like soros very much ? 
  i 'm pretty suspicious of his motivations . 
  i think the npt is basically bullshit . 
  according to the npt , the big five ( russia , us , uk , france , china ) should have moved towards disarmament , yet they failed to do that . 
  the way i see it , the npt only benefits the big five , which maintain their world supremacy , while the rest of the signatory countries are the suckers . 
  israel , north korea , india , pakistan have n't signed the npt and their nuclear deterrent seems to be working pretty well . 
   well was n't our last minister of defense prosecuted for revealing state secrets , when he said that we could n't hold the country for more than a couple of days ? 
  lulz , that 's sad . 
  sweden afaik has a pretty decent military budget ( almost $ 6 billion ) , what 's it being spent on ? 
  $ 1.18 billion us is n't really that much over 4 years . 
  of course , the important question is how it will all be spent . 
  i can see why a country would have a problem with nuclear weapons they do n't have any control over , but do you believe germany should have its own nukes ? 
  pui , puii actually , because it 's plural , is often used , but it does n't mean penis , it does n't mean anything actually , just `` chicken '' . 
  so `` ce puii mei ? '', 
  would mean something like `` what the heck ? '', 
  ( what my chicken ? 
  ) , while `` ce pula mea ? '', 
  ( what my dick ? ), 
  would be more like `` what the fuck ? '', 
  i 'm pretty sure no country plans to actually use its nuclear weapons unless it really has to , not even north korea . 
  that being said , no nuclear state was ever invaded by anyone . 
  do you think russia or the us would have invaded korea , vietnam , afghanistan , iraq , georgia , ukraine , if they actually had nukes ? 
  i think not . 
   also , all countries in europe have technical means of building nuclear weapons and none has political means for that ( except france and uk ) . 
  you do n't have any because you can not , not because you are nice . 
  i doubt all countries , but i do agree , probably most of them do ( at least the big ones , germany , spain , the netherlands , italy , poland , romania ) . 
  also , if the perceived threat is bigger than possible political backlash , i think any country that has the technical capability would go for it , regardless . 
   who did they aks in china ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the people not living in the heavily industrialized coast would be much more religious . 
  yeah , that 's likely what happened , as non-industrialized areas in china are not exactly accessible . 
  also , government data on religion is n't probably very reliable either , as they do n't like religion very much . 
  the vast majority of the population does live on the east coast though , so it 's still probably safe to assume that a majority of chinese people are probably not religious . 
  i agree . 
  it 's basically how things work , unfortunately . 
  also , as long as muslim religious leaders will continue to condone , or try to justify things like these , it 's definitely not going to help them . 
  that being said , as a non-religious person , i do believe that if people simply abandoned such irrational beliefs , the world would be a much better place . 
  that 's quite possible . 
  first of all , russia has much more experience in assassinations than ukraine . 
  who would have thought ? 
  same with romania . 
  except for rural and old people , few people attend religious service regularly , if ever . 
  but if someone asks them about their religion in a poll , most will answer that they are orthodox christians . 
  i honestly think this sort of finger pointing about the holocaust should stop , because it 's not really helping anybody . 
  most people who had anything to do with it ( on either side ) are either dead or very old . 
  i think today , most normal people understand the lesson that it 's not ok to mass murder other people , and those that do n't , well , i do n't think finger pointing will make them feel otherwise . 
  it 's funny , because one radio station had a contest a few years back , asking the question `` why women want to go into pula ? '', 
  and promising to send two female listeners who answered the question to pula , on vacation . 
  at the end of each commercial , they said `` we mention for the audiovisual council that we are talking about pula , a city in croatia '' . 
  it was an epic troll . 
  pula also means `` jump ! '', 
  in portuguese and there was a brazilian [ song `` pula pula '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7besp2x1jd8 ) , sung by some kids , and the chorus sounded like `` pula , pula , pula , ling ca nes\u0103tula '' which in romanian means `` dick , dick , dick , i lick like the insatiable ! '', 
  kuk ( spelled `` cuc '' , meaning cuckoo ) , also is sometimes used to mean penis in romanian , but it 's much less offensive than `` pul\u0103 '' . 
  that being said , many words can be slang for penis in romanian , to name some of them , rang\u0103 ( crowbar ) , burghiu ( drill bit ) , carici ( does n't mean anything afaik , just used as penis ) , m\u0103t\u0103r\u00e2ng\u0103 ( same as carici ) etc. 
  i do n't see where norway is mentioned in the article , only that it 's colored in light blue , which means less than 50 % of the population declared themselves not religious or atheist , not that 75 % are religious . 
  it says `` percentage of people claiming to be not religious or atheist '' . 
  being `` not religious '' does n't automatically make you an atheist . 
   why would anyone want to move to the jewish state if they 're atheist ? 
  i would say mainly discrimination and economic reasons . 
  most people who have immigrated to israel in the last three decades or so were from eastern europe and north africa . 
  those that immigrate to israel from the us and western europe are probably either religious jews , or do it because of discrimination ( yes , prejudice against jews exists even in the us , although it 's much less widespread than in europe ) . 
  most people who emigrate to israel are n't necessarily jewish , but just of jewish descent . 
  i personally know a lot of jews in romania who are actually orthodox christians . 
  [ this is how a jewish gathering in romania looks like . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar6t7r1uu5w ), 
  the americans basically `` beat the gypsy out of them '' a long time ago . 
  in europe , they were mostly ignored , and applying the american methods today would cause international outrage , accusations of racism etc. 
   mainly aimed at geting ~ ~ kids ~ ~ parents to opt-in for religion classes . 
  ftfy, 
  misleading title . 
  how did it go down ? 
  90 % of all pupils were enrolled in religious classes , which is pretty much the same as previous years , despite this time it being opt-in , as opposed to opt-out , how it was before . 
  yeah , i know that , but i believe anyone with more than two neurons understands psychos like these do n't have a specific nationality or ethnicity . 
  i 'm sure , in the us for example , there are hundreds of cases like this every year and most of the time , the perpetrators are american , born and raised . 
  in romania we grow up considering gypsies a totally different species that we should stay away from and not adopt any of their behavior because it 's bad . 
  i know it sounds racist as fuck , but it is how it is . 
  parents sometimes even scare their children by saying things like `` if you do n't behave , i 'm going to give you to the gypsies !, 
  '' , which generally results in the kid crying and begging not to be given to the gypsies . 
  what do you mean by `` the wrong idea '' ? 
  i do n't think there 's much of a point in this whole naming dispute . 
  i think people should be allowed to call themselves whatever they want . 
  i do n't like it either that gypsies are called `` roma '' or `` romanies '' , thus easily confused with romanians , despite being two separate ethnic groups with nothing in common . 
  also , there 's the republic of moldova , which is only a small part of moldavia , the rest being in romania and ukraine . 
  moldovans are actually romanians , but interestingly enough , most of the people who insist moldovans are different from romanians are generally the russian , ukrainian and other slavic imports there , who also generally oppose union with romania or eu membership . 
  how do you know they 're romanian and not bulgarian , slovakian , hungarian etc. 
  how is this racist ? 
  i think it 's only fair , if that land belongs to the municipality , they can dump whatever they want there . 
  it 's the roma who have settled there illegally , thus they need to leave . 
   support decentralized technologies like blockchain , strong encryption at each corner and open source software that protects privacy . 
  oh , by the way , did you know in britain you can face up to 5 years in prison if you fail to provide an encryption key to the authorities , in case they ask for it ? 
  even if you do n't actually have it ... basically the british government decided that if they do n't have the means to break your privacy , they can just send you to jail for trying to protect it . 
  what 's scary is that other governments might follow suit . 
   i actually like this idea , it 's the best way to stop terrorists in their tracks .
