that 's the average salary , i do n't know how much is the median salary in romania . 
   anyway , diesel fuel is cheaper in greece , same for olive oil , cheese and other stuff . 
  yeah , but that 's not where people spend most money , think about rent , utilities , insurance etc. 
  how much do people in both countries spend on cheese and olive oil anyway ? 
  like 1 % of their income ? 
  also , if you live on average salary in romania , you probably use a dacia logan , or some shitty second hand car bought from germany which runs on gas . 
  there 's so much stupidity and bs in this thread , it makes me ashamed of my country and its people . 
   you have 5 times our * average * salary . 
  you 're just rich people moaning about being slightly less rich . 
  the average monthly salary in romania is around $ 450 , in greece it 's around $ 1000 . 
  how does that make it 5 times ? 
  in romania this is rare , but not unheard of . 
  best advice , stay hydrated , also old people with health problems should n't go outside for extended periods of time . 
  also , all the cables are awful , however it 's the price we pay for lightning fast , dirt cheap internets . 
   we ( or in this case the british ) should remove all parties and have a one-party system . 
  no , do n't rune away or start saying i support a dictatorship , elections would still be held . 
  that 's just as recipe for total disaster . 
  in a country where most of the population is homophobic and part of the police force ( the carabinieri ) is formed with conscripts , i 'm more than sure there are many homophobes among the police , including at that parade/protest . 
  the thing is , police were on the job , the event was being filmed from all angles and the american ambassador was among the pro-gay crowd . 
  they simply could n't afford to let the anti-gay protesters have it their way . 
  like most employees , they were doing what they were told so that they would n't lose their jobs , i doubt many of them felt much sympathy towards the pro-gay crowd . 
  just remember that this is basically the same police force that beat up and even killed anti-government protesters in 2009 . 
   society does n't change overnight and politics do n't help , during communism there were no religion classes in school , but after it fell , religion classes were introduced , they copied from the americans , where religion and state mix a lot . 
  more or less an exact translation of what he said . 
  on one side , there 's the people participating in the gay parade , together with the american ambassador ( which is shown giving a speak at 1:57 ) , on the other side are the anti-gay protestors who are trying to get at the pro-gay crowd to beat them up or throw eggs and other stuff at them . 
  the police are trying to stop the anti-gay crowd to get too close to the pro-gay crowd . 
  but muh traditional values !, 
  this is / r/europe , i doubt many people speak romanian here . 
  which group are you talking about ? 
  maybe it has something to do with pussy riot ? 
  i wonder what would happen in hungary if jobbik came to power . 
  parties like the fn and pvv look moderate in comparison to jobbik . 
  you are generally considered unemployed if you have n't found any work in the past few months or so . 
  if your last job was in 2010 , you are n't considered unemployed . 
  also , there are ridiculous numbers of moldovans that have emigrated/are emigrating so these statistics do n't mean that much . 
  something seems wrong about germany . 
  they have a higher gdp per capita and more jobs than the uk , yet migrants , even qualified ones , still seem to prefer the uk . 
  any ideas why ? 
  translation : businesses will no longer be allowed to practice psychological pricing for grocery items starting on june 1st . 
  this measure comes with the reduction in vat from 24 % to 9 % for food products . 
  authorities consider such prices have a psychological effect and determine romanians to buy more . 
  consumers are saluting this measure and say it will help them better organize their budget when shopping . 
  they will also no longer find themselves at the check out , having to pay more than they estimated . 
  however , psychological pricing can still be used in case of products which are on sale , as well as nonfood produce . 
  also from june 1st , the vat for food produce will be reduced from 24 % to 9 % . 
  authorities assure us the measure will be felt in our pockets , however , a journalistic investigation has proven that many retailers have increased prices lately in order to make unjustified profits . 
  it 's on magheru blvd. , [ this is the exact same spot today . 
  ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/@44.441473,26.099484,3a,75y,347.14h,98.98t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sxosvgtwgrnolgyypge7thg!2e0!6m1!1e1 ), 
   especially considering this is in romania ( at the time a soviet satellite state ) the visit was after romania refused to participate in the soviet invasion czechoslovakia , so it was n't quite a soviet satellite state anymore . 
  communist , yes , but satellite , not so much . 
  also , even if it were a satellite state , i doubt the soviets would have had any interest in assassinating the president of us . 
  naah , i do n't think that would have caused a shitstorm , nobody likes gypsies very much . 
  sorry if i was n't clear . 
  i meant to say that pc was the only reason she did n't get fired in the first place . 
  like that rotherham pedophile ring who the police did n't want to tackle because they feared being labeled racist . 
  that romanians are n't roma/romanies/gypsies or whatever and that gypsies do not originate in romania . 
  that the two demonyms are not related in any particular way . 
  romania/romanian comes from the roman empire and roma/romani comes from gypsy word `` rom '' which means human . 
   a diversity officers job is to encourage integration not encourage racism , sexism and genocide . 
  well she failed miserably at her job . 
  why is she still in that position , if not pc ? 
   ok , bit weird that you commented in this thread but fine . 
  this particular story will eventually die down and people will forget/stop caring about it . 
  the bigger problem is the social context which allowed for such a deviation to go unpunished . 
  that context is not simply going to go away and shit like this will continue to happen . 
  i was n't referring to this particular case , but pc in general . 
  the demographics and societies of western countries are changing at an unprecedented pace and people ca n't do or even say anything about it because they fear being labeled racist . 
  but somehow only whites can be racist , because when this person says `` kill all whites '' it is labeled as a joke and she does n't even lose her job . 
  would it have been the same situation had this been a white guy tweeting `` kill all blacks/muslims/gays / pakis/whatever '' ? 
  i do n't think so ... 
  \\  implying that romanians/hungarians are gypsies . 
  damn , i wanted to make that comment , you beat me to it !, 
  i think this whole political correctness idea is going to eventually bite western europe in the ass and it wo n't be pretty when it happens . 
   the uk might leave and do really well , undermining the whole project . 
  no mate , that 's just your wet dream . 
  the uk is already fucked , maybe not short term , but definitely on the long term . 
  that 's pretty much regardless if you stay in the eu or not . 
  there 's no reversing the fact that white british people are a minority in london . 
  that the birthrate among these people is ridiculously small , especially when compared with that of non-european migrants . 
  you should stop being an ass and blame the eu for britain 's problems , we both know britain 's biggest problems have nothing to do with the eu . 
  commie rule in romania was n't that bad until the 80s , when ceau\u0219escu decided foreign debt was evil and wanted to pay all the debts asap and ban all borrowing from the imf , world bank etc. 
  obviously , the economy went to shit , but managers in agricultural cooperatives and factories were cooking the books like there was no tomorrow to make sure they did n't get fired . 
  this meant the party elites had no idea just how bad the economy actually was , and i 'm pretty sure ceau\u0219escu never knew just how many people wanted to see him hung by the balls . 
  i remember in the first two grades i went to a school where almost half of my classmates were gypsies . 
  it was pretty though tbh , they smelt really bad , like they were n't washing themselves in weeks , they were being disruptive during class and the teacher ( who was romanian ) was extremely abusive with everyone , because she did n't know how to handle the situation . 
  in the third grade , my parents moved me to another school , which was pretty much exclusively white and it was worlds apart . 
  what 's the difference between unrecognised and illegal ? 
   purchasing power parity ( ppp ) gdp would be a much better measure to compare . 
  this is actually ppp gdp per capita . 
   a good example of how greed , corruption , reckless and venal politicians can ruin what was once the richest soviet republic . 
  it 's also a matter of making the wrong choices that brought them here . 
  if ukraine had chosen the eu path from the very beginning , i 'm pretty sure things would have looked very different now . 
  maybe they still would n't be where poland is , but definitely comparable to romania and bulgaria at least . 
  in romania it is well known that around 10 % of the votes are rigged . 
  but all the big parties do it and the media is always on their ass , so the effect is not that big . 
  the only time it might have been a decisive factor was in 2009 , when b\u0103sescu won the presidency by a very narrow margin ( less then 1 % ) . 
  the current prime minister ( victor ponta ) actually said `` their ( rigging ) system worked better than ours '' . 
  ahhh , the magic stamp , symbol of eastern european bureaucracy . 
  there just has to be a stamp on every sheet of paper . 
   referendum alone ca n't change the constitution that 's very antidemocratic imho , we have something similar here , in 2009 we had a referendum on reducing the number of mps to 300 , the vast majority voted in favour , we still have almost 600 .
