  [ the americans did that in eastern romania as well ] ( http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/digi24/timp+liber/stil+de+viata/militari+americani+curatenie+parcul+tabacariei+constanta ), 
  what about him ? 
  it 's not something he sees everyday , so probably decided he had to film it . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was way more brutal during the late 40s and 50s when collectivisation and ugly torture of political dissidents happened , after that it became survivable . 
  of course there was n't much freedom , and ceausescu went full retard after visiting north korea , but the economy went to shit only in the 80s . 
  if you exclude the revolution , there were n't that many people who died during ceausescu 's time , there were only 104 executions during his 25 years in power and the vast majority were legit criminals that would be sentenced to death even today in some american states . 
   yes and only the uk comes close even though ukip is high in polls what ? 
  did n't you read the news , they got humiliated at the elections . 
  i vaguely remember when i was like 6 or 7 , saw a mig flying at very low altitude near my house , it was pretty cool . 
  getting drunk and fucking bitches . 
  not sure about that , the visit happened while ceau\u0219escu was still genuinely popular for opposing the russian and before he went full retard . 
  for example , here is a video of a [ manifestation after he went full retard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0ywbaffpay ) , this actually happened a few months before he got executed . 
  as you can see , in contrast to the people who were greeting nixon , who were genuinely excited and very disorderly , this one was very carefully choreographed and everyone knew what their role was . 
  [ in contrast , this is how nixon was received in romania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyjjhs-35qi ), 
  waste of money ... 
  someone probably got executed because of this . 
  that guy has some shitty photoshop skills , he should watch some videos from the phlearn youtube channel , he could learn a thing or two . 
   national borders become less fluid with every passing year as territorial disputes get resolved and international community marks the borders in international law . 
  back in 1923 , they were very fluid . 
  somebody tell the russians . 
  honestly , i do n't believe that 's the case . 
  the only reasons we have n't had many territorial disputes after wwii was because of nato/warsaw pact . 
  actually looks better than nato blocs in oradea today . 
  romania has n't seen a single war or military conflict in 70 years ... 
  i think so , iasi is a pretty big city and this shows just how bad corruption can be in local administrations , in europe . 
  it 's also a pretty funny read , of course , not for the taxpayers who paid for all of this . 
  the article is too long to provide a full translation , but i will try to sum it up as best as i can . 
   the mayor of iasi , gheorghe nichita , will be investigated under judicial control , as the bucharest court magistrates have decided on friday evening . 
   the scandal in which nichita stands accused of having used the local police like his personal information service is starting to look more like a soap opera than a spy movie . 
  the mayor is accused of having spied on his mistress , with the help of police officers , and his obsession with the woman he loved was so strong , that has brought him in such a situation . 
   the other two defendants , liviu hliboceanu , head of the iasi local police and stefan avirvarei , manager within the local police , will also be investigated under judicial control . 
   gheoghe nichita had developed an insane passion for the woman that made him divorce his wife last year . 
  adina samson is a manager in the iasi mayoral office , and when she stopped seeing the mayor , she became a target for the local police . 
  nichita was giving orders to the officers by phone :  nichita : you did n't see anything , did you ? 
   hliboceanu : no , but the tv is on , she turned on the light in the bedroom , there 's some movement , at one point there was n't any , but we 're still here . 
   the mayor , the prosecutors note , wanted to know where the woman went , with whom she was meeting and what she was doing . 
   hliboceanu : for safety , i 'm going to let it till later tonight . 
   nichita : no , do n't let it be seen , i 'd rather know nothing than screw up again ...  hliboceanu : no , no , on foot with the dog , whatever . 
  not a patrol to sit there in the car , you know . 
   nichita : in uniforms , or ? 
   hliboceanu : no , nothing , civilians with cokers , i have three of them out there . 
   the climax was achieved only a few days ago , when the mayor sent three police officers on a mission in a suceava hotel to note if the bed was squeaking in a certain room . 
   in another mission , the mayor sent an employee of the local garbage collection company to cluj-napoca , to investigate robert wolsey , a british businessman . 
  the employee from the garbage collection company was meeting wolsey under the pretext of discussing business , but he was only interested in finding out personal details about him . 
   the prosecutors also noted that the local police acquired , determined by the mayor , a piece of software used to spy on mobile phones . 
  the software was installed on a mobile phone , which was then offered to the victim as gift . 
  the software collected information regarding location history , photos , videos , emails , text messages and data transmissions through skype and whatsapp . 
   the prosecutors are being helped in their investigation by the romanian information service . 
   if the claims are so fake , why does he need to hide ? 
  because a big superpower , the us of fucking a is out to get him and he has no guarantees he will be given a fair trial . 
  even if he was guilty of rape ( although , judging by how the rape case looks , it 's pretty much ridiculous ) , i 'm pretty sure he would much rather spend a couple of years in a swedish jail and then be done with it , rather then spend years in an embassy with no prospect of being able to get out . 
  honestly , i do n't know what the laws in sweden regarding to rape are , but if prosecutors in romania would try to bring up a case like that , they would become the laughing stock of their entire profession . 
   i 'd get those ** fake ** rape claims sorted out first before i dedicate a statue to the guy . 
  ftfy . 
  i 'd be pretty weary of rape allegations until a final verdict is reached , especially when the accused is a public person . 
  just think about the strauss kahn case , the case was dropped by the prosecutors , but the maid still got a $ 1.5 million settlement . 
  even if it had been a rape , pretty sure it was the rape of her life . 
  what would the point be ? 
  yeah but they 're still made in europe , right ? 
  at least the ones that are sold in europe . 
  why do you think it sounds offensive ? 
   russian visa is one of hardest to obtain . 
  not really . 
  if you 're getting a tourist visa , it 's pretty much a formality and it 's actually less of a hassle than the us visa ( the us still requires visas for romanian citizens , and you actually have to go to the embassy for an interview , which is not the case for the russian one ) . 
  the really annoying bit in obtaining a russian visa ( in romania at least ) , is that the $ 46 fee has to be paid in cash , at an ing bank , with dollar bills newer than 2000 . 
  so it 's a little bit of a hassle , but if you get your papers right , it 's pretty much impossible to get rejected . 
  a nokia phone ? 
  seriously ? 
  have n't seen those in quite a while ... good thing he 's supporting the eu economy though ... 
  [ putin 's face when learned not even kim jong un will attend ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wkvuqu2.png ), 
  here , we have turkish toilets in prisons and in public bathrooms you can consider yourself lucky if you get some toilet paper . 
  so no , we do n't have any bidets . 
   there are some nations where yours could be valid . 
  my german driving license permits me , for example , to drive on canadian roads . 
  eu driving licenses are valid in the us as well , but you can only use them for up to a year before having to exchange them for a us driving license . 
  if you still live in russia , you should do an ama . 
  as i said , any phone , including those without gps can be tracked , using cell towers . 
  it 's not as accurate as gps , but they can still determine the relative area you 're in . 
  was there burning and looting of random cars and businesses in ukraine ? 
  afaik , government buildings were the only targets . 
  it 's a big difference . 
   one of the things i pointed out was that the us sometimes uses inaccurate eu flags with comically tiny stars . 
   potential tracking device with very little gain for massive investment lol , if you have any kind of cellphone , even one without gps , you already have a `` potential tracking device '' , because you carry it with you all the time , not only while you are in the car . 
  wake up , potential tracking devices are all around you , if you have an ios or android device with the `` hey , siri '' or `` ok , google '' features you can even be recorded at any time , you consent to this when agreeing to the eula , that elaborate text in legalspeak which nobody reads . 
  if your airbag goes off while driving , you 're probably going to be fucked in a few seconds anyway , unless you have superhuman reflexes . 
  i 've been involved in a head on collision , so i can tell you , when the airbags and pyrotechnic charges in the seatbelts explode , you have no idea what the fuck is going on . 
  having an airbag explode at random is seriously life threatening and a very , very rare occurrence . 
   100 here 1000 there 500 there and suddenly you have situation in which only rich can afford new safe cars where majority of poor people will be driving 10 years old unsafe cars . 
  i 'm pretty sure that only the vat you pay on a car is way more than what all its safety features cost , combined . 
  that 's not even mentioning the other fees . 
  if cars are quickly becoming a luxury in many parts of europe , that 's due to excessive taxation and greedy insurance companies , not added safety features . 
   how long does it take for someone to call ambulance anyway ? 
  it depends on the location and time . 
  if you crash at night into a tree on a backroad it 's probably going to take a long time before anyone notices and calls an ambulance . 
  those minutes could mean the difference between life and death . 
   what about false alarms ? 
  if the systems are good quality , that should n't be a problem . 
  you do n't get your airbag randomly going off too often , do you ? 
  so why would that system go off randomly ? 
  also , if the driver presses the panic button without any reason , he could be fined , just like people who prank call he emergency services .
