   and who gets to decide whether the people should have the right to vote on minority rights ? 
  is it the minorities ? 
  who gives them the right to choose on who can decide on what ? 
  that 's exactly what the op in that post asked and he was pretty much flooded with down votes . 
  people compared gay marriage with abolishing slavery and giving women the right to vote , however i do n't think that 's comparable . 
  other people argued that gay marriage concerns only gay people , so it should n't be up to the majority to decide , as it is n't their concern . 
  however , one could argue that legalising heroin only concerns heroin users and it does n't affect anyone else . 
  i believe it 's a very sensitive issue and the people should have a say in it . 
  i can imagine something like that would backfire pretty badly . 
   this referendum has been a necessary evil , it is not a model others should seek to replicate . 
  i can imagine it was n't pretty , especially in a country like ireland where religion plays a big role . 
  but do n't you think that if the law passes it would actually help dicrease homophobia , because people would start to realise that not everyone shares their views on `` moral values '' and what is acceptable in a society . 
  if same sex marriage is passed in parliament , without public support the anti-same-sex marriage campaigners can always say that the same sex marriage law was shoved down irish peoples ' throat . 
  there are actually countries like moldova , where many people actually think that if they joined the eu , everyone would become gay and i 'm not so sure legalising same-sex marriage in such a country would help reduce homophobia , quite the opposite . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't condone the russian government 's actions , but i think banning them from eurovision would be childish and stupid . 
  are you sure that 's romania ? 
  that license plate looks kind of weird , afaik , this is [ how cart license plates look like ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pdbz04m.jpg ) in romania . 
  i mean , judging by the amount of cables on those poles it sure looks like romania , but that license plate is out of place . 
  she wanted to have some sexy times with the younger cop , but then the older cop wanted to pound her first , as he had a higher grade , but she did n't want it , because he was fat and had bad breath . 
  well , that makes sense . 
  in romania , this is what happens when [ you insult a cop ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js9idgylfny ) and this is what happens when [ you slap one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9k5ceokxpga ) . 
  nice car , ugly house tho . 
  to me it looks like the guy assaulted the police officer before being beaten . 
  just saying , things are n't always what they seem . 
  i agree romania is n't the czech republic and it is n't italy either , but claims like * the country is corrupt to the core and it 's a joke that the country in its current state was allowed to join the eu * are severely exaggerated . 
  there are countries in the eu that have way bigger problems than romania ( greece , for example ) . 
  [ actually , italy is just as corrupt as romania ] ( http://www.thelocal.it/20141203/italy-still-one-of-europes-most-corrupt-countries ) . 
  the only reason italy is more developed than romania is that they do n't have 40 + years of communism in their resume , not to mention the 10 + years of transitional `` democracy '' , which was basically a free for all crookfest . 
  before wwii , italian immigrants in romania were seen like romanian immigrants are seen today in western europe . 
  many former commie countries , like the czech republic , slovenia , poland are catching up to italy and have overtaken them already in some areas ( gdp is n't the only measure of how well a country does ) . 
  some areas of southern italy are comparable to romania . 
   other than that there 's little reason to not let them join . 
  oh , but there are : poverty , mafia , poor border controls , weapons , corruption , extreme poverty . 
  did i miss anything ? 
  to put things into perspective , the level of poverty and corruption in moldova makes the shittiest countries in the eu look advanced in comparison . 
  even countries like serbia , montenegro , b&h , macedonia , albania , kosovo are light years ahead of moldova in some areas . 
  heck , i could see belarus joining the eu before moldova . 
  ukraine was also pretty advanced compared to moldova before it all went to shit , not to mention georgia . 
  the longest word in romanian is `` pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcaniconioza '' , it 's some lung disease , and the shortest , well there 's a bunch of them like `` da '' , `` nu '' , `` fi '' etc. 
  i 'm not a fashion geek , so i do n't exactly notice the trends that much , but i did notice expensive sneakers have always been `` fashionable '' as well as many people buying the newest iphone model more as a fashion accessory than anything else . 
  the latter is a good thing for me , as i work as an independent ios dev . 
  afaik , you need to have a body mass index over 25 to count as overweight and over 30 to count as obese . 
  over 40 is considered morbidly obese . 
  for example , a male with a height of 1.80 m would be considered overweight at 81 kg , obese at 97 kg and morbidly obese at 130 kg . 
  `` fat '' is not really a scientific term . 
  multiple cyclists who used the bike track between timisoara and serbia have been fined for entering the restricted border area . 
  even though , in theory , the track should take cyclists from timisoara ( romania ) to zrenjanin ( serbia ) , there is currently no border crossing point , so the track stops at the serbian border . 
  what many cyclists do n't know is that the last part of the track enters the restricted border area where access is forbidden . 
  `` 2-3 km before the end of the track , there 's an old sign , with painted letters , that says you are entering the border area and can be fined . 
  however , the track continues and there 's no barrier , no inscription or any other sign that lets you know it is illegal to go any further . 
  you can easily pass that sign without seeing it . 
  '' , says darius jula , one of the fined cyclists . 
  `` however , beeing curious , we went ahead , towards the end of the track . 
  there were two cyclists there , having a chat with the border guards . 
  they asked us for our ids . 
  the cops were polite and obviously upset we ended up there . 
  we did n't know why , but we quickly found out , when they told us they needed to give us fines '' , the timisoara resident wrote on his blog . 
  he says he received a 100 lei fine ( $ 22 ) , payable in 15 days , but the maximum is 1000 lei ( $ 220 ) . 
  things get complicated if you ignore the last stop sign and enter serbian teritory , as you risk prison from 6 months to 3 years and a big fine . 
  `` just yesterday another cyclist did that , because he wanted a selfie in an old border watch tower . '', 
  i do agree , as i said in another comment , i do think moldova might be too much for romania to swallow . 
  its economy is shit and there are way too many powerful and influential people there that are loyal to moscow . 
  those people know how to infiltrate strategic structures and they would definitely give russia some leverage over romania , most likely not a lot , but definitely more than it has now . 
  it 's outrageous that he could even suggest something like that in 21st century europe . 
  the only european country actively enforcing the death penalty is belarus , and even they have suggested they are taking steps to get rid of it . 
  afaik , hungary has a low rate of violent crime , definitely lower than back in the commie days when it was still being enforced , so i really do n't see the point , just because there 's some outrageous murder every couple of years is n't a good reason to enforce the death penalty and deal with the resulting shit storm . 
  i was talking about moldovan politicians . 
  except for the ones i mentioned , they rarely speak about unification in a supportive way . 
  oh , really ? 
  just last week i read some article about him spewing some bullshit on how dictatorships are more successful than democracies . 
  keeping the status quo is not very beneficial for moldova either . 
  the only way i see it , is if moldova starts developing , most people living in transnistria a pensioners , pensioners can easily be bribed with higher pensions and the pro-russian govt . 
  there would quickly lose support . 
  most of them do n't even speak gagauz , just russian , even the ones who do , do n't use it as their primary language . 
  they care way more about russia than turkey , i 'm afraid . 
  can we has some of your monies polska ? 
  we can share our anticorruption chief prosecutor . 
  sure interesting to have hungary in the eu , with orban in charge . 
   the thing is , they do n't want to unite with romania ( not most of them ) , and there 's a million of russians , ukrainians , gagauz , bulgarians who are afraid of a union with romania . 
  that 's not exactly true , i know some ukrainians and russians from moldova how would n't exactly oppose a union , of course , they do n't have any nationalistic feelings towards romania , but they 're sick of the shit hole that moldova has become and consider the union with romania to be moldova 's only realistic option for a better future . 
  of the moldovans who live in romania , i have yet to find a single one , regardless of ethnicity who opposes a union with romania , leading me to think that the only ones who do are just ignorant people eating bullshit russian propaganda every day . 
  that being said , as a romanian i have mixed feelings about a union with moldova , they simply have way too many problems and we also have our own , so we might just choke if we try to swallow moldova . 
   public opinion and reality are different things : ) yeah , from here it 's pretty clear that iohannis is n't doing jack to help the anticorruption crusade , just last week the parliament passed a bill making it more difficult to arrest politicians suspected of corruption and iohannis did n't do shit about it . 
  the only good thing is that at least he 's not interfering , which i 'm sure ponta would have done , had he won . 
  edit : also , speaking about basescu , he is one of those people you either love or hate from the bottom of your heart , you just ca n't be indifferent towards him . 
  iohannis on the other hand , no matter how hard you try , does n't give you the opportunity to feel strongly about him . 
  he does n't embarrass us , but does n't make us feel proud either . 
  i hate ponta , i think he 's a moron , but he 's definitely a much more powerful figure than iohannis right now . 
   klaus iohannis inspires respect and trust in the romanian government so oh , really ? 
  if iohannis is inspiring respect and trust in a man that is constantly trying to dig his grave , it means he ( iohannis ) is a moron . 
   i noticed that the elites are more open to this than the average people what do you mean by that ? 
  i can count the pro-union moldovan politicians on the fingers of one hand ... timofti , chirtoac\u0103 , ghimpu ... that 's pretty much it . 
  pavlicenco is also a vocal supporter , but her party was never even close to getting a parliament seat . 
  by the same logic , we could count activists like oleg brega or john onoje , which are far from being `` elites '' . 
  in general , moldovan politicians and elites are horrified at the idea of union with romania , because most of them would lose their parliament seats and the dna would probably send a huge convoy of police vans to pick them up . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the former president , traian b\u0103sescu was and still is way more popular in moldova than klaus iohannis . 
  imho , klaus iohannis is not acting like a proper president , he acts like the president of a parliamentary republic , despite romania being a presidential one . 
  the people are already starting to feel that , he just is n't there when the country needs him and the former president is starting to feel like a more powerful figure than iohannis , since he is the only one attacking the government right now .
