  i 'm thinking the button would be implemented in such a way that it 's not easily activated by mistake . 
   despite the potential benefits of ecall , some eu member states have objected to making it compulsory for all manufacturers . 
  `` the benefit of making ecall mandatory in all new cars does not justify the cost of implementing it , '' so , an extra $ 100 per car is not justified ? 
  heck , airbags are far more expensive to implement so why we would ask manufacturers to implement them in lower end cars ? 
  screw those people , if they 're not wealthy enough to buy a higher end model , why should we care if they live or die ? 
  sorry , i should have been more explicit . 
  i meant large scale riots that included entire cities , vandalizing and looting all over the place , not a small minority neighbourhood riot involving a few dozen people . 
  the only example i can think of that comes even close , is probably london . 
  why not just have school uniforms ? 
  clothing is a big issue for teenagers so some dress up to reflect their wealth , others want to be provocative , others want to be non-conventional and others to reflect their religious beliefs . 
  this naturally creates friction between immature students ( in many cases even between grown-ups ) , so i believe uniforms are the best solution to solve these problems . 
   that murder and the olaszliszka lynching were the turning points for the hungarian far-right and for the jobbik . 
  it 's sad when such horrendous acts are used as a political tool . 
   olaszliszka lynching just read about it . 
  it 's well known here in romania , that if you have an accident in a gypsy neighbourhood , you drive away quickly and then call the police . 
  otherwise , you basically risk ending up in either the hospital or the morgue . 
  iirc , you will not be prosecuted for a hit and run if you had genuine reasons to fear for your life . 
  i do n't see how that would work . 
  like bringing an influx of migrants from all over europe to brussels ? 
  why would you want that , it would suck for both the locals and the migrants because the job market would be turned upside down . 
  eu citizens have the right to live and work in any eu country of their choice . 
  the only thing we need to focus on is reducing the income disparities between eu countries so that people from countries like bulgaria , romania , croatia , poland etc. 
  do n't have a huge incentive to move to richer countries , while people from richer countries should have a bigger incentive to move to one of the ( now ) poorer countries . 
  today , the average monthly wage in bulgaria is 7 times lower than the one in the uk . 
  that 's simply not sustainable , in the us the income disparity between the richest and the poorest state is like 2:1 . 
  you could also say ww2 also started because of that serb , because if it was n't for ww1 , there would n't have been a ww2 either . 
  i asked , because the only two murders in hungary i heard about , involved both stabbing and gypsies . 
  one was back in 2007 iirc , when some 11 year old gypsy kid from romania stabbed and killed a teen in budapest to steal his ipod and the second was about the murder of romanian handball player marian cozma who was killed by some gypsy thugs in veszpr\u00e9m . 
  here , it 's been like this for many years , i mean we have to pay for both plastic bags ( flimsy or sturdy ) but also biodegradable ones . 
  the last free bag i received from a store was probably 7-8 years ago . 
  if i had an euro for every religious person that could n't give a proper answer to that question , i would be filthy rich by now . 
  people should protest this by not buying anything from that supermarket , doubt that 's going to happen though ... 
  wow , i mean i 've seen some shit in my life , like a singer without underwear on the public tv channel , but never something quite like this . 
  wow , they look like normal people , not like warmongering motherfuckers in military fatigues armed with rpgs , who would have thought ? 
  on a serious note , great photos . 
   a friendly reminder : his opinion about the issue ( as the article says ) was brought up because a young woman ( about 20 years old ) was killed during a robbery at a national tobacco shop . 
  let me make an educated guess here , i 'm not racist or anything , but was the murderer roma ? 
  yeah , i remember a video of some spoilt rich brat who was pulled over by the police and started mocking them and laughing about the $ 100 fine he was given . 
  $ 100 would make most romanians think twice before flooring the gas pedal again . 
  oh please , please , can we have such a law in romania ? 
  i would love it !, 
   i think it 's likely they 'll intervene . 
  going to war is a big shot , but i would expect more green men to show up . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  last august , we had some `` hardcore '' neonazi , the type who spent time in both jail and a mental institution , proudly announcing on his blog he would go to fight in ukraine in september ( he would have been the only romanian fight in ukraine , on either side ) . 
  that was at the time when the ukrainians were kicking ass . 
  when the balance changed in favour of the separatists , he immediately pussied out . 
  yeah , having a girlfirend usually ends up costing a lot more than just going to prostitutes whenever you feel the need to get laid . 
  you get what you pay for , no less , no more . 
  i know about using animal shit as fertilizer , but human shit ? 
  i do n't know about that ... 
  more powerful wireless routers , i guess ? 
  yeah , but installing a satellite dish on every window of a 5 story dilapidated building makes it look worse than it already does . 
  your average peasant here is n't exactly a tech junkie . 
  social networking and consuming content is pretty much all they do . 
  also , if you 're really going to buy a computer for $ 50 , i 'm pretty sure you 're not planning to do any serious work on it . 
  a $ 50 tablet is probably better than a $ 50 computer anyway . 
  yep , they all have 802.11 ac actually . 
  yeah , some of them actually take the shit from the toilet and , i shit you not , actually spread the human shit on the fields as fertilizer . 
  i guess you do n't have many options , when you got ta go , you got ta go ... 
  translation  with one foot in the century of advanced technology and the other one in the dark ages !, 
  only 4 % of rural households are connected to a sewage system . 
   the romanian village has poorly spent huge sums of money , the dirty waters end up directly in rivers and we all suffer the consequences . 
  about a business that does n't smell right we 'll talk sunday on `` romania , i love you . '', 
   today , 62 % of rural households in romania have access to the internet . 
  even the worst hut has at least a flat screen tv . 
  but one we start talking about sewage and clean drinking water , time appears to have stood still . 
  64 % of peasants do n't have a toilet inside their home , with a sink or a shower . 
  72 % of them have their toilet in the backyard . 
  this is how , for almost half of romanians , a civilized toilet is an unaffordable luxury . 
   the state has invested big sums of money in water cleaning systems , but often times , these remain unused or unfinished . 
  lots of stuff , groceries , drugs , vehicle parts , building materials , furniture etc. 
  some drunk wedding guests plus bride and groom get too close to a military base , are told to fuck off , bride pulls out a gun , shitstorm ensues . 
  not really surprised , [ our 15 year olds have more important matters than pisa tests to deal with . 
  ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ro&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=ro&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.cugetliber.ro%2fstiri-eveniment-cinci-arestati-in-cazul-violului-elevei-roxana-babenco-204329&amp;edit-text= ), 
  i definitely noticed a lot of stuff that 's made in poland being sold here in romania and the quality of those goods became a lot better in recent years . 
   til : gyspies are originially from india ( over 1500 hundred years ago ) the first part is correct , however the second part not really , no one really knows when gypsies came to europe . 
  in romania for example , jonathan fox believes they * probably * came here in the 11th century . 
  officially , there are around 600,000 gypsies in romania , unofficially , probably a couple million . 
  i hope people are smart enough to realise what farage is doing here . 
  there 's obviously a lot more indians with actual british citizenship , thus voting rights than there are poles , bulgarians or romanians . 
  nope , he 's definitely being genuine about his preferences and not trying to court anybody ^ / s i feel sorry for the people stupid enough to vote for this guy and his party . 
  in the end , i believe people should be judged on a case by case basis , not by their country of origin or racial/ethnic background . 
   anyway guy with russia 's flag in the room , putin picture on the wall and praising ussr claims there is not involvement from russia . 
  with the separatists , there 's always a whole bunch of hypocrisy . 
  from all the separatist interviews i 've seen so far , my opinion is that some of them are helplessly stupid grunts , some are genuinely ill intentioned socio/psychopaths and some are paid mercenaries . 
  i once saw a separatist with a pretty obvious nazi tattoo , being interviewed , saying he was there to fight nazis . 
  now , i doubt he was that stupid to not know what his tattoo meant , so he probably was one of the latter two categories . 
  and cynical as also . 
  i 'm not saying the ua army is perfect , it has its fair share of idiots ( some very high ranking , even ) , psychopaths and profiteers . 
  but it was not ukraine , it was russia who needed and started all this shit . 
  on the ukrainian side , there 's people who actually believe in what they 're doing and fight for their country . 
  he 's obviously cynical . 
  if he wanted to give a honest interview , why did he ask for the questions in advance ? 
  lol , the second chechen war lasted almost 10 years , they did n't get `` wtfpwnd '' . 
   since when the majority have to rule over and decide the rights of a minority ? 
  since otherwise it would be the other way around thus it would stop being democracy . 
  of course , no country is perfectly democratic , but i think there should be more democracy and less propaganda , not the way it is now . 
  [ ombladon - muie garda ( fuck the cops ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzbvotwxhqq ) [ nelu & micutzu - cine e gr\u0103su\u021ba ( who is my fatty , parody rap ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzfna90exsa ), 
  what about eesti ?
