the point i am making is that you make from this :  they 're working on a new law that allows the government to see all your medical info without even asking a judge . 
  the following :  also , if you value the hippocratic oath you should seek medical help abroad . 
  so basically you make something that is just a proposal into a negative law that is already implemented in the netherlands . 
  if it was a law i would totally support your comment , but currently it 's not . 
  and why is that ? 
  because as far as i know the proposal to change things regarding the hippocratic oath was struck down due the huge amount of critique . 
  and could you please stop misinforming the people on this subreddit ? 
  another example : [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cu1qi/romanian_consumer_prices_down_by_3_in_june_from/csz1u0w ) . 
  i do n't know if you do this on purpose or not , but a lot of the things you say are not true and put the netherlands in a negative light . 
  i think criticism is a positive thing ( and the dutch love it as well ) , but please make sure they are backed up by facts . 
  but the comments say :  parry [ the writer of the article ] is one of the few reporters to give a realistic account of events in ukraine . 
  it all smells so much, 
  the idea behind it was that if you increase the vat on things like haircuts etc which higher classes use more and then use the money from the increase to lower the income tax for the lower brackets ( which are already progressive here , and thus become more progressive ) . 
  you realise we have 3 vat rates right ? 
  and we would always keep the 3 vat rates even when the proposal went through ? 
  thing is , homsig was n't telling the truth . 
  see my other [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cu1qi/romanian_consumer_prices_down_by_3_in_june_from/cszr4xr ), 
  this is n't true at all . 
  one of the paries here proposed to increase the vat from 6 % to 21 % for almost everything but food . 
  so for example : haircuts in the netherlands currently fall under the 6 % and with the change would be subjected to 21 % . 
  people were n't really happy about it and thus it did n't went through . 
  the important thing to note is , that food was never ever mentioned as far as i know . 
  because the idea was that the funds from the increase to 21 % would have been used to help the lower class . 
  if the increase would include food as well , then the lower class would suffer as well and that is the opposite of what they wanted to achieve . 
  so it does n't make sense . . 
  you do realise we are a bit stuck being a ` tax haven ' ? 
  we ca n't just say fuck all the rules that made things like the double irish-dutch sandwich possible ? 
  well we can , but who will take the fall ? 
  which politician will say that we need to cut spending because we do n't get the 0.5 % taxes any more because they went to the next tax haven ... and btw our parliament is n't always all to happy about being a tax haven -  see for example the starbucks fiasco and the dutch tax rulings . 
  and i think we are currently moving to a non-dutch haven netherlands and i think that 's a good thing . 
  i just do n't believe we can do it in one step , but need to take it slow and steady . 
  ( see oecd , beps , beneficial owner definition , transfer pricing , ccctb etc , all changes to avoid double taxation and to prevent the evasion of tax ), 
  ahh i forgot about the ability to print money . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  thanks for the answer , always nice to know what someone who is inside this mess thinks . 
  one thing though :  fight the crisis with the standard recipe of government spending on development is this even possible ? 
  because currently greece has a huge budget problem . 
  this does n't really change if they are in or out of the euro ? 
  since nobody will be willing to lend any money ? 
  because normally you do n't first default and then have a lot of money to spend on development ? 
  i could be wrong though ( and if i am , please correct me ) , since i am not an expert in any of this . 
  but i do n't see why people would lend money to someone that just defaulted without demanding a lot of colleteral and that would n't be good either . 
  what do you think , as a greek , is a good solution to solve this problem ? 
  in the end everyone loses ? 
  good to hear !, 
  i 'll read up on wikipedia and just follow its sources , we will see where it will lead me . 
  i always thought that the last few years the baltic states were doing great ( especially in it ) ? 
  do you maybe have some suggestions for nice articles about the estonia/baltic states ? 
  i always found these states very interesting . 
  is it me , or are you earning a lot for a second year public accounting guy ? 
  or is switzerland really expensive ( even more expensive then i thought ? ), 
   income : stufi ( government loan , kinda ) $ 1.000 how much of this is stufi ( free after you graduate ) and how much is a loan ( not free after you graduate ) ? 
   gross = net because i do n't report any of it . 
  is n't this quite a risky strategy ? 
  because if they discover you did n't report any of your income all that time , you are basically screwed ? 
  i think this is more like pocket money he gets from his parents . 
  so food is probably snacks etc and not ` real ' food . 
  i say this because it 's impossible to live on 20 euros a month in the netherlands . 
  hopefully a holiday is something i can do in the future ( finally some hills ! ) . 
  it was nice talking to you through reddit and i hope czech economy keeps going well and the relation between our countries gets better . 
  ahh it was on easter !, 
  i know it is n't that bad as it sounds , but when you first hear about it , it sounds pretty crazy !, 
  in the end it 's all fun and games  . 
  is the quality of food really that different ? 
  and friendly athmosphere ? 
  normally foreigners say that we are pretty distant/direct and that is n't always positive . 
  i think you are right , got a friend from czech and there is n't really any cultural shock . 
  ok maybe only the discussion about `` zwarte piet '' and the czech tradition that you go after eachother with a branch during christmas ( forgot the name ) . 
  just curious , but why did only dutch people started buying properties ? 
  ( funnily enough , im dutch as well and see it as a good investment ), 
  yeah , i think he meant that . 
  they just did n't tell you what they are skilled in ^ ^ ^ ^ gettings ^ ^ ^ ^ benefits . 
  normally 1 part-time job is enough . 
  for example a family normally consists of a man that works full-time and the woman works part-time . 
  ( the example is a bit old fashioned , since men are working more part-time now as well , so it could be that both man and woman both work 4 days a week ) . 
  is correct . 
  i suspect them to be horrible ? 
  yep : [ link ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bosnia-and-herzegovina/unemployment-rate ) thing is , that does n't get any attention on any of the news sources i use , so it 's information that i do n't really know/see . 
  this still gives me the same question : how do you even manage with 40 % + unemployement , it 's crazy . . 
  fair point , did n't notice the asterik , but still if we look at spain it aint pretty as well and there the same applies ( no negative news as well ) . 
  well to be fair , the current news focuses mostly on the refugee crisis and not the situation in greece . 
  so this picture basically showed me how bad it still is . 
  i am not an expert , but is n't greece problem that both options ( austerity measures and bankruptcy ) are bad , so it 's basically choosing between two bad options . 
  ( in my opinion we should `` forget '' a lot of debt of greece but in return make sure certain structural things are fixed . 
  not a very popular opinion to have in my country , but i think we should help eachother in the eu so that in the end we all come out better ) . 
  how is almost 25 % even manageable ? 
  we sometimes even think that we had it bad , but we did n't even reach 10 % ... hope it gets better soon . 
  deleted , what did the tweet say ? 
  dutch guy here , do n't hate you :d !, 
  if i hear `` romania '' i mostly think about the awesome anti-corruption work you guys are doing . 
  with ict in the government he means that the government needs to be up to speed with the current technological advancements . 
  so that the government knows how things works and can prevent things like data leaks . 
  the anti russian sentiment is still here though . 
  and the vote about the association was basically turned into a anti-eu poll by geenstijl . 
  well , i do n't think the public image of erdogan/turkey is n't going to be positive for a very long time in the netherlands . 
  the fascists/nazis part was already pretty bad , but most just regarded it as a very dumb statement . 
  the dutchbat thing though really stings a lot of people in the netherlands and is n't that easily forgiven . 
  i can translate some dutch for you if you want ? 
   i suggested there may be an ulterior motive in a thread a while ago , and a couple of your co-nationals chewed me out for suggesting it , so i was curious how you see the situation from the `` inside '' . 
  due to all the ` removed ' posts it 's pretty hard to see what you suggested .
