  europe is frequently presented by the american media as one big , homogenous bloc ( which is really a testament to how effective the eu has been ) with the same interests , cultures , and problems , so it 's really interesting to hear about things from a perspective i may not have considered before . 
  after hour 10 on the plane with no land in sight it definitely feels like it . 
  even in my very small town ( currently live in germany , disregard the flair ) you can have d\u00f6ner , pizza , and gyros brought to your door until late at night . 
  i got to try a few by oedipus last weekend - they 're great . 
  what are some other good ones to look for in the netherlands ? 
  all i can find in my small town in germany are the warsteiner/k \u00f6nig / etc. 
  pilseners and a bunch of radlers . 
  i 'm living in a very small town in nw for a few months while i 'm over here for work . 
  since i do n't have a car , my german coworkers suggested visiting the netherlands or belgium this weekend to avoid starving because literally no food-selling store within 10km of my hotel would be open between saturday night and tomorrow morning . 
  one thing i 've learned in germany is to leave space between numbers when writing them down as someone 's reading them out to you . 
  not sure if it 's stolen or not but it 's really good . 
  um , the caribbean would like a word ... 
  delicious , delicious dirt . 
   for years , if not decades or centuries . 
  `` at the root of every current geopolitical hot spot is an 18th century wigged british man drawing a line on a map and saying ` they can learn to live with it . ' '', 
  - john oliver, 
  i think [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4zykfzy.png ) might be more current ... 
  we read ulysses in high school and i started questioning whether or not i knew english ... 
  yeah i 'm not trying to defend op , metric is objectively easier - i was just curious why europe cared that much . 
  from what / u/dalnore said though , our weird little system seems to get out more than i 'd thought . 
  there 's a bunch of them but one that comes to mind is pancakes with salted butter and maple syrup, 
  ah well til . 
  anyone in a technical field in the us has to learn both in order to communicate globally so i do n't even really notice the difference . 
  the only projects i 've worked on using customary units were in the us , so i assumed everyone else just did n't really have to deal with it . 
  if you do actually have to deal with them i can definitely see how it seems like a bizarre and unnecessary pain in the ass . 
  sure , the mental math is definitely less complicated and there are a number of esoteric things that can be confusing in our system , but just like any language or communication protocol it 's pretty seamless once you know it . 
  i 'm an engineer so i use both systems regularly and the biggest pain in the ass is converting between the two . 
  once you 're in one system or the other it 's just as easy either way because computers are doing all of the arithmetic anyway . 
  i just do n't get why europeans feel so strongly about our system - does it affect everyone that much ? 
  do n't get me wrong , it would make my life simpler if everyone in the us used metric , but it would make my life simpler if we all spoke mandarin too . 
  it 's not that everyone here thinks our system is better , it 's that most people do n't care enough to go through the pain of switching . 
  unit conventions are just ways of conveying measurements and other quantitative data from one person to another in a way both the source and recipient both understand . 
  many europeans claim the us customary system ( what we use , not the imperial system ) is totally useless , stupid , and does n't work because it does n't make as much sense to them as metric , but it works all over america every day and has for a century . 
  claiming it does n't is no different than if i were to say that dutch is stupid and useless because i do n't speak it . 
  yeah i was just curious mostly . 
  i 'm living in germany until the autumn and amsterdam has been one of the places everyone i know ( european and american , pothead and non ) has recommended to go visit . 
  i 'm sure i 'll end up checking out a coffee shop just to see how it 's done over here , but i normally live in colorado so legal ganja is less of a novelty . 
  that said , i know nothing about the city other than it has fantastic museums , tulips , and canals - what * should * i go see ? 
  what do you guys usually pay there ? 
  asking for a friend ... 
  it 's usually about $ 10-20 / gram in colorado but it varies significantly with location of the store and quality of the goods . 
  so far the cars alfa and fiat have brought over to the us after their hiatus here have been pretty reliable , which is a complete reversal of the reputation they had in the 1980s ( fiat = fix it again tomorrow ) when they left . 
  it varies around the country but in my city ( denver ) it 's about 85 % english and 15 % spanish . 
  even `` school '' is spelled differently than pronounced , just to start everyone off confused . 
  out of curiosity when did you begin learning and what is your native language ? 
  i ask because i know many germans through my job and those who began late seem to find it quite difficult but those who began very early seem to have a better mastery of english than many americans . 
  same with kosovo . 
  when i was there for work in 2014 everyone we met seemed pretty optimistic about their futures despite the very real and pressing issues the country is faced with . 
  stupid has no nationality . 
  it 's still considered an amenity , but it 's very rare to find an apartment building less than 50 years old that does n't at least have a coin-operated laundry room in the basement . 
  most apartments have their own washer + dryer in each unit . 
  houses typically have hookups but the buyer provides his own machines . 
  what is very rare in the us ( but til is very common in europe ) is to have a washer without a dryer . 
  typically in the us if a residence has one , it 'll have the other . 
  i suddenly realized i have a desire to visit spain i never knew about . 
  for the last 25 years or so , that 's correct - most people had plans called ppos where the only direct costs to the insured beyond the monthly premium were small fees ( $ 10-40 usually ) whenever visiting the doctor . 
  for many reasons , insurance companies no longer feel they can make money from this type of arrangement , so they 've been coercing everyone to join hsa plans , wherein the consumer pays full price out of a special savings account at the doctor 's office up to a certain set amount per year when the insurance takes over . 
  a lot of people can only afford plans where this certain set amount is ruinously high , so it basically shifts most of the exposure to high prices back onto the consumers . 
  it might sound like the insurance companies are greedy heartless bastards ( and they are ) but they have a very good argument for charging what they do in your second point - we pay more than anyone else on earth for healthcare , which is the real heart of the problem . 
  malpractice lawsuits , insurance against them , and ( most importantly ) unnecessary procedures carried out to avoid them are a big part of that . 
  executive salaries and shareholder profit increase costs substantially as well . 
  if we can rein all of those in we 've got a good chance of controlling costs , single payer or not . 
   it has record sized trees , hundreds of miles of hiking trails , and a canopy that averages over 100 feet high . 
  and mosquitoes the size of birds ... 
  it 's a really cool area though . 
  i 'm glad they made it into a park ; when i lived in cola it was still just a monument . 
   i know it would never work here , but my ideal system is one where the government pays for everything at set rates but the actual providing of care is private and they compete on service . 
  a word of warning - that 's the intention of the medicare system here but in practice they 're under such pressure to keep cost down that they actually compete on price , not service . 
  it 's only been in the last few years that it 's started to change here , and it 's only because of the initiative process . 
  if we had to rely on politicians to change the laws , it 'd still be illegal in all 50 states i think . 
  something 's going to have to give here soon though - the cannabis industry is already a billion dollar a year industry and getting bigger by the day but still remains completely illegal according to the federal government . 
  this is a really good point . 
  i think a lot of americans would like more equitable economic policies but i doubt many would be willing to accept any encroachments into their social freedom that went along with them . 
  mr. burns i presume ? 
  it 's fine . 
  if you 're 21 + the only age-related difficulty you 'll run into is having to pay a fee renting a car and that 's gone once you 're 25 . 
  it 's both . 
  most countries in northern europe have more progressive policies than we do here . 
  our progressives see the good in those policies and disregard any negative effects of same ; the conservatives here do the opposite . 
  a true mercantilist would be horrified by his military and economic policies too . 
  there 's plenty of disappointment to go around . 
  maybe even less if congress decides to grow a spine ... 
  and that 's only if they bother . 
  most of the time they just dump the box in front of my door and call it a day . 
  it varies so widely though . 
  a teacher in nc with a master 's degree and 25 years experience makes less than a teacher in fairfax , va fresh out of school . 
  does n't make any sense here either . 
  amount of apples i can fit in the measuring cup ? 
  depends how hard i try ... 
  the pledge is to the country , not the government . 
  most americans admire our country and the principles it was founded on ( idealistic i know ) , but i ca n't even think of a historical time period ( let alone a recent one ) when a majority of americans thought the government was doing right by them . 
  it 's interesting to see that australian does n't do well in the uk - in the us , an australian accent adds at least 3/10 to the speaker 's attractiveness right from the start . 
  received pronunciation has a similar effect . 
  it 's interesting though that the perception of the two is completely different - speakers with australian accents are commonly perceived as cool and laid back while speakers with british ( london ) accents are perceived as intelligent and proper . 
   being louder than absolutely necessary which country is this ? 
  americans such as myself have a well-deserved reputation for violating this rule overseas so it 's always good to know where it 's especially frowned upon . 
  it 's not just portugal . 
  in new york , most of them [ are n't actually connected to anything . 
  ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/2004/02/27/nyregion/for-exercise-in-new-york-futility-push-button.html?_r=0&amp;referer= ), 
  you 'll find pockets of people who can speak french in louisiana and up north like rural maine to a lesser extent , but you can go anywhere in the country and rightfully expect to be fine with english .
