  ok that makes sense . 
  i 'm guessing an irish court case is different to what we see on tv ? 
  it 's a really nice service but this is my main problem with it . 
  we have to take their word for it that it is secure . 
  mr `` i won it on the horses '', 
  that crook should be in jail . 
  died from complications of chronic diabetes, 
  corruption, 
  lots of suspicious looking discrepancies . 
  * money he allegedly won on the horses . 
  * the fact he ( the minister for finance ) did n't have a bank account, 
  * money his partner received from a fianna fail donation to build a house . 
  * the `` digout '' money, 
  * his flimsy and fanciful excuses for receiving sums of money . 
  in any functioning democracy this odious little man would be in the dock facing charges . 
  the allegations are that he and the fianna fail party received money from owen o'callaghan to use his influence in the planning process in a number of projects . 
  it is also alleged ahern was able to grant favorable tax status to selected developments on foot of this . 
  there is a well documented evidence that many of his buddies like charlie haughey and liam lawlor were on the take . 
  yes and this banana republic will never investigate them, 
  instead of criminal proceedings . . 
  it was a kick to touch that lasted 15 years . 
   there 's no evidence to substantiate any claim you 're making . 
  there 's lots of evidence and allegations i 've mentioned them already but i think you must be skipping over those bits . 
  there is certainly enough evidence for a criminal investigation but none has surfaced thus far . 
  just on a point of correction . 
  boom and bust cycles are not limited to `` capitalist systems '' . 
   there was evidence against haughey . 
  there was evidence against lawlor . 
  there is probably evidence against michael lowry . 
  and remind me how many of those have been prosecuted for corruption ? 
  bertie was implicated by tom gilmartin and indirectly by eoin o'callaghan . 
  there is more than enough to launch a criminal investigation into his affairs . 
   lawlor went to prison three times for failing to cooperate with the tribunal . 
  yes because he was so pig headed he was unable to string the tribunal along like bertie . 
  he was never tried for corruption . 
   haughey was prosecuted for corruption , but it was prohibited as he would n't get a fair trial . 
  still proves my point . . 
   to say that bertie was n't investigated or charges , just on the basis of who he is , is wrong . 
  well still no prosecution , despite being implicated in corruption . 
  my point is many of his fianna fail colleagues at the were found to be acting corruptly . 
  the people he rubbed shoulders with daily , the people who he considered friends . 
  how about you fuck off back to your cumman you apologist and stoop defending that weasel . 
  there is probably a sweet-spot they need to aim for altitude and positioning wise . 
  they tested multiple sized war heads at different altitudes to find it in [ operation fishbowl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_fishbowl ) . 
  so just `` over '' the us is probably not enough . 
  it passes through lots of scary working class areas where they have funny accents . 
  some very interesting links there !, 
  i find the subject fascinating . 
  the hope is the north korean 's have n't mastered hitting a 100km window from the other side of the globe . 
  that would be [ poit\u00edn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poit%c3%adn ) and it 's a spirit . 
  from what i have read it is a much more difficult prospect than meth . 
  many more steps and much more equipment required . 
  meth was made by hillbillies in their kitchens there has never been a quick and easy route for mdma . 
  and ? 
  my personal pet peeve is them using ultra wideangle lenes to make rooms look bigger than they are . 
  oh and photoshopping blue skys into photos . 
  unless you are buying and selling in the thousands of euro the fees and taxes are going to wipe out any gains you make . 
  nice long exposure . 
  for . 
  it is one of the lowest carbon emitting sources of fuel . 
  modern reactors are designed to strict safety standards . 
  the waste issue is a really small problem when you look at the amount of waste a nuclear plant generates in it 's lifetime . 
  i ca n't understand why the environmentalists ca n't see it as the lesser of the two evils when it is compared to the damage man made global warming will do . 
  but i 'm realistic . 
  if we ca n't build windfarms and pylons without the nimbys having a field day nuclear power is not a realistic prospect . 
  until people realize that the alternative will be going cold and or hungry in the future carbon free economy nuclear is not a runner . 
  so as far as i 'm concerned build a multi-megawatt plant in corrib and strip mine donegal for it 's uranium reserves . 
   it would also go a big way to reducing co2 , if you believe in such things, 
  believe it or not it 's the scientific reality . 
  well technically not reserves but prospecting , before it was outlawed , revealed donegal as one possible source of recoverable uranium ore . 
  we have a lot of radon gas in this country which would indicate the presence of a significant amount of uranium since radon is a decay product of uranium . 
  ca n't say i blame them in the scenery respect :, 
  but at a certain point practicalities like staying warm , getting fed and getting around tend to focus minds on energy problems . 
  change the bloody record dan . 
  no-one cares . 
  dan is a single issue bigot :, 
  all he cares about is posting negative stories about travelers . 
  why do n't you fuck off ? 
  love fish but beware of salmon . 
  virtually all of it in this country is farmed and the ( lack of ) standards to which it is produced is bordering on criminal . 
  bullet proof car , burner mobile phone number i wonder what this guy does for a living . . 
  looks loike doddy may have called in the solicitor . 
  edit : it looks like the original post in / r/ireland is gone too . 
  what is going on ? 
  dan why do you hate travellers so much ? 
  i would invite you read his post history and tell me he does n't a have a very specific agenda . 
  i 've seen the vast amount of posts he has spammed all over reddit with his anti-traveller agenda . 
  have a look at his post history and judge for yourself . 
  i 'm glad you called it discrimination . 
  the travellers have problems in their community like any section of the community that is as poor and marginalized as theirs is . 
  my issue with dan 's constant posting and idiots like you that jump to his defense is that it ignores the fact that discrimination of travellers does as much to perpetuate their lot as the problems inherent with their lifestyle . 
  the only thing that separates you from the stormfront trolls is the figleaf of ethnicity that you try to deny the travellers you constantly attack . 
  your posts are so similar it is uncanny . 
   oh i forgot , it 's discrimination when a couple of travelers smacks around my 83 year old uncle on a rural farm to steal money from the house . 
  that 's is most definitely not a crime but the irish people being out to get the traveling segment of society . 
  it 's discrimination when you lump all travellers into this group despite the fact it was only one or two individuals . 
  i can draw it with crayons if you like ? 
  go back to stormfront . 
  the idea of shaming someone for behavior society deems unacceptable is as old as human civilization itself . 
  as for the people posting mirrors , what is the problem ?
