  maybe drunks and chronic alcoholics should be charged more for using the health system since their needs of medical attention are essentially a choice . 
  rehabilitation for their substance problems should of course be provided . 
  have you been in a+e on a friday or saturday night ? 
  it is n't pretty . 
  it is n't about mixing and matching healthcare , it 's about rewarding people who make healthy lifestyle choices . 
  cigarettes only raise $ 2bn in taxes the hse 's budget is over $ 13bn so we are all paying for it . 
  do you prefer people get sick and we have the money to treat them or they did n't get sick in the first place ? 
  even with all the money for treatment and `` free '' healthcare smoking is still one of the top causes of preventable deaths in this country . 
  i 'm not going to humor an obvious troll account . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to discriminate on that basis . 
  if people are born with a condition or fall ill they should be able to access the health system with minimum impediment . 
  smokers have a choice . 
  alcoholics have a choice . 
  chronic drug users have a choice . 
  we can debate until the cows come home about how much of a choice this is or how likely it is they can change but we know people can and do recover and give up their addictions with or without needing help to do so . 
  they should be provided with every opportunity to give up or go to rehab but it 's not fair that their poor decisions effectively prevent other more deserving people accessing services . 
  that is an interesting study . 
  it says more about caring for an aging population than it does about smoking imo . 
   but the real question is , if the cost of smoking is essentially covered in the taxation ( i say essentially as there are many other goods we do n't sin tax that cost society money ) why should they be excessively taxing smokers out the hole in a sort of psuedo-moralistic fashion . 
  this `` fact '' get repeated so often . 
  it implys we are successfully treating them . 
  we are not . 
  it is still one of the leading causes of preventable death . 
  / ignored, 
  perhaps more for the treatment of smoking related diseases or cigarette addiction since it kills approximately 6000 irish people a year . 
  i do n't think that is unreasonable ? 
  the unsuccessful treatment of 9000 people a year ? 
  the figure is closer to 6000 , i grabbed the wrong figure . 
  lets not get bogged down in whataboutry . 
  the evidence is well founded and well researched and has been for many years . 
  i am in favour of smokers paying more . 
  both as an incentive to quit and to fund the health service . 
  the biggest lie the smoking lobby peddle is they pay for the treatment of smoking related diseases with taxation . 
  in monetry figures that appears on the face of it to be correct . 
  however in many cases treatment is pallative , partial or not in time . 
  their argument would only hold up if they could cure everyone . 
   i 'm not saying anything about successfully treating them, 
  then i would argue that they are n't spending enough . 
  it does n't take much money to unsuccessfully treat someone . 
  and also what about the hidden monetary costs of people dieing ? 
   it is entirely up to you whether you kill yourself with cigarettes or not . 
  is it an informed decision ? 
  how many ex-smokers in pallative care would agree with that ? 
  stick to the point in hand and stop trying to muddy the waters . 
  do you accept that smoking is one of the leading cases of preventable death in the country ? 
  do you accept that these people are still dying despite the money that cigarette taxation provides ? 
  i hope you are fully informed because smoking is an irrational choice if you are . 
  this irrational choice is part of the addiction . 
  more whataboutry !, 
  throwing dust up in the air is not debate !, 
  well done , you are addressing my points !, 
   i pointed out that taxing smokers more heavily than they already are is not an effective or useful way of mitigating the negative health effects of smoking because :, 
  the drain on the health services attributable to smoking is likely ( likely because my second point below ) adequately covered by revenue currently generated by smokers . 
  i dispute this . 
  you dispute the figure , but lets just agree we have a large amount of people dying of smoking related diseases . 
  it is my contention that having such a figure of people dying every year is not indicitive of costs `` adequately covered by revenue currently generated by smokers . '', 
  not even close . 
  more money could be spent on mitigating the health problems or tackling the waiting lists . 
  if neither of these are a problem i would agree tobacco is paying enough . 
  saying we spend x which is less than the the figure y we get from taxing smoking is meaningless if outcomes are so poor . 
   the drain on the health service by smokers is unquantifiable since the notion of a ` smoking related illness ' is uselessly vague . 
  we have a body of science built up from the 1950s which has proved beyond doubt the epidemiological statistics of smoking . 
  you can claim that a certain term is `` uselessly vague '' but you are either willfully ignorant or deliberately misrepresenting the science . 
   my point is that if you take the main disease which people die of , being coronary heart disease , it is not caused by smoking . 
  it is caused by an interplay of factors of which smoking is one . 
  my contention is that the burden falls disproportionately on smokers in your description and that if we are looking to extend lives and make them healthier prioritising anti-smoking efforts through increased taxes on tobacco products is not the most efficient or effective way to go . 
  your argument is straight out of the 1960s . 
  i 'll repeat my point again . 
  multiple studies have been done to quantify the number of smokers that will be killed by smoking related diseases compared to non-smokers . 
  there is hard science and multiple studies to back this up . 
   nobody is disputing the epidemiological statistics of smoking , but the term ` smoking related illness ' is a political rather than scientific term which refers to a spectrum of pathologies, 
  you appear to be disputing this . . 
  again this has been compared to non-smokers . 
  your implication that this has n't been done is false . 
  pay for his rehab perhaps not to gamble away . 
  replace all the instances of traveller in the letter with another ethinic group and you will see the problem . 
  if this was a letter from israel talking about palestinians or from england talking about irish people / r/ireland would be up in arms . 
  politicians are generally a mirror of their constituents views and stopping travellers moving in is probably easy votes for this politician . 
  its almost as if they are working to a time limit and have an obligation to give each candidate an equal amount of time . 
  you could , you know , just politely decline the demo instead of sperging on the internet . 
  talk to an accountant . 
  i had the audacity to actually take a shite in coppers one night . 
  people started kicking the door because i was taking too long . 
  he was seriously injured and his wife left permanently disabled from the ira 's brighton bombing . 
  i can understand his anger . 
  perhaps if similar happened to you you would not be so willing to `` move on '' . 
  i 'm not justifying the actions of either side i am saying i can understand why he made the statement given the circumstances he found himself in . 
  unprofessional ? 
  how ? 
  he is a un-elected life peer which is a politician in the most limited sense . 
  it 's more akin to an honorary title . 
  balance his statement of what he hopes would happen to what ** actually ** happened to him . 
  can you not put yourself in his shoes and if see why he would feel that way still ? 
  it seems a bit odd that the judge gets to decide rather than the jury . 
  whats the point of having jurys if the judge can just make his own mind up and not let the jury decide ? 
  i 'm not involved with the legal system so i do n't know how it works . 
  but it essentially looks like the judge decided they were not guilty ? 
  why does n't the jury do not do that ? 
  is n't that what a jury of your peers is for ?
