  the women are presumably not minors and made tits of themselves in a public place . 
  i dare say if they had dub accents , were wearing tracksuits and this happened on thomas street there would be little in the way of sympathy dispensed around here . 
  it 's easyto be cynical about politics than have any views or do anything about it . 
  get involved !, 
  well at least he is ex-ff, 
  all parties have talking points like this . 
  yeah i was wondering where it might have come from . 
  thanks !, 
  we are being ruled by [ technocrats ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technocracy ) . 
  there is a school of thought that says ministries should never be held by people from the same field . 
  the idea being insiders were more likely to pander to their peers or be oblivious to problems that outsiders would see straight away . 
  it 's arguably not as bad as awarding key ministries to political cronies on the basis of loyalty and ignoring aptitude and skills . 
   wht the fuck ? 
  i mean , what the actual fuck ? 
  where do they find these people ? 
  two things guaranteed to motivate people :, 
  fear and being out of pocket . 
   i believe it 's called `` stupidity '' . 
  perhaps but . . 
   this is why elected officials have access to a large range of advisors . 
  this is why ministers do n't need to be experts in their field . 
   if that 's the case , then there 's no point in having ministers , because it 's senior civil servants that are making all of the policy decisions . 
  ( this has actually been true of a lot of irish governments . ), 
  couple of points :, 
  ministers are political appointees as the result of elections . 
  civil servants are , supposed to be , apolitical . 
  personal advisers are generally appointed by the minister and work for them . 
  ministers generally seek the advice of other advisers in the course of their duties who may or may not be employed for that purpose . 
  for the most part advisers are not civil servants.civil servants are the functionaries that implement the ministers decisions . 
  ministers are responsible for the whole electorate not just their peers . 
  if you are ever near the coombe hospital , there are regularly heavily pregnant women outside smoking . 
  i 've cycled the greeenway . 
  it 's a nice cycle and the scenery is lovely around there . 
  if you are feeling energetic i recommend continuing the cycle as far as [ keem bay ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/place/keem/@53.9682106,-10.1942986,14z ) . 
  there are no cycle lanes and it 's another 22km on roads but the scenery is awesome on achill island . 
  we spent most of the day at it but we were stopping and starting along the way and going a leisurely place . 
  there are bike hire companies that will collect you at different points along the way if you wish so you can go one way and get collected at the end . 
  and many of them are here in this subreddit, 
  [ mike browne ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucs4s07e5nc0r7pvuzbj0e8q ) photography tutorials . 
  they are aimed at beginners and he is a really good teacher . 
  it was always tested in tobacco form as that was its primary delivery method until recently . 
  tobacco in all it 's different forms has been proven to have negative health effects . 
  it is not correct to say pure nicotine is safer . 
  it may well be , but it could be just as harmful for all we know . 
  very little testing has been done on it exclusively . 
   pretty much everyone agrees nicotine in the form of patches is less bad then smoking . 
  all the research i have found in the area says they are . 
  are you claiming there is not enough research on nicotine in patch and other non tobacco form ? 
  or do you know of research that claims these are as dangerous ? 
  it may well be safer but we do n't know for sure . 
  if you choose to consume it that is your right . 
  but bear in mind there is scant regulations governing its production and sale . 
  who knows what you are actually getting from china in your e-cig juice . 
   while i have no love for plo and hamas scum , the ** jews ** are equally fucked up . 
  our idiotic government should have taken a leaf out of the mossad playbook and abducted that ice cream van driving fucker . 
  i think you meant israelis . 
  maybe i 'm reading this totally wrong , but since when does the rule of law apply to war zones ? 
  is n't that the whole idea of wars , people go and kill the other side in sometimes horrible ways and then at some stage a political settlement is reached and all the combatants go home ? 
  accusing someone of murder in a war zone seems like some sort of sick joke . 
  * warning * do n't read the indo comments section . 
  pretty nice, 
  this . 
  at least he is n't one of the many keyboard warriors out there bitching and moaning and doing nothing to change the situation . 
  i would n't vote for sinn fein but it 's new blood like this that would make me reconsider . 
  of course . 
  but this was part a incredibly bloody civil war . 
  both sides committed atrocities against civilians and and both sides had forces that consisted of guerrillas and their associated tactics . 
  if you start with this case where do you stop . 
  i dare say neither side has any appetite for prosecuting the other side for this reason . 
  it sucks the un troops were caught in the middle but unfortunately war sucks . 
  verging on the worthless . 
  twitter is better in many ways . 
  but i still keep coming back . 
  reading http://hubski.com/ more these days . 
  little yet , but it 's like a strange mix of reddit and twitter . 
  ah so you are one of those . 
  the quality is a little disappointing . 
  how much did you pay for the lens ? 
  thanks in no small part to all those freeloaders staying in their homes and not paying their mortgage . 
  this guy is one of those `` freemen '' you see on youtube . 
  right after stuffing a breakfast roll in their gob no doubt . 
  no its not a good idea . 
  the signage also states bikes are n't permitted . 
  the cycle to howth village on the road is a nice cycle , well the downhill anyway , 
  this is good too : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl7jyxcq2zc, 
  yeah they are going to pull out of the region that generates the most revenue for them . . like thats going to happen . . 
  original article from 2007 :, 
  suspiciously modified in 2012 . . 
  well even if labour were minded to listen to these two nutjobs they have effectively shot themselves in the foot . 
  i hate labour but they way they treated this candidate was unacceptable . 
  with martin and mcguinness in charge that might be difficult . 
  they have too much baggage . 
  i would never vote for them with the current crew . 
  maybe if some new blood were to come through . . 
   our problem is unique to ireland . 
  i almost stopped reading after this . 
  this article is junk . 
  i think everyone is capable of clicking one link to view the shitty blog post . 
   i disagree , i 've lived in several large cities abroad and never experienced as many junkie zombies as on the red luas / around heuston . 
  much of town is quite bad too .
