  like crepes except a bit thicker and more airy . 
  delish . 
  welcome to the murky world of international relations where there are no friends only interests . 
  if we decided we wanted the americans not to use shannon they might decide to remove us pre-clearance for our airports or make life difficult for multi nationals operating here . 
  the only time we have been neutral is ww2 . 
  and even then both sides had plans drawn up to invade if circumstances required . 
  cue obligatory father ted quote . 
  those protestants , up to no good as usual . 
  dirty protest next ? 
  cameron is an extremely polished politician . 
  there was a time when ` to the manor born ' , old eatonian , toffee nosed pricks like him were un-electable in the uk . 
  i 'd love to know who adam 's pr people are they have done an absolutely incredible job carving out a different persona for him . 
  yes i do think politics is that cynical . 
  adams is incredibly measured when it comes to public speaking and comment . 
  it 's part of what what has kept him walking the line between politics and paramilitary for so long . 
  he is canny political operator . 
  for this reason i find it hard to believe that this is n't also the case with his twitter feed . 
  why would you bother paying your rent or mortgage in this country ? 
  irish neutrality , what a load of shite . 
  the sooner we join nato and get it over with the better . 
  it is horrendously written . 
  littered with spelling mistakes and poor grammar . 
  but the intro and the sign off make it seem like it was professionally written . 
  he has some valid points but after his last few silly remarks he strikes me as a man who is high on his own supply . 
   from a political point of view , is this the best thing fg/lab have going for them ? 
  ` it 's the economy stupid ' and all that . 
  yes . 
  it is good news . 
  however fiscal responsibility wins few votes . 
  it may change if russia decides to use irish airspace to practice its bombing runs . 
  with no air-force to speak of we are reliant on our neighbors ( all of whom are memebers ) to defend us . 
  i 'm not sure why people have such a hard-on for trying to stop american troops using shannon when other countries do the same . 
  hell we even let soviet flights to cuba go through shannon during the cold war . 
  i 'm sure the usa loved that . 
  famously che guevara made a shannon stop over . 
  you can ski there . 
  just not very often !, 
  so true . 
  hope cycling infrastructure could be improved . 
  if he was n't such an asshole when he was on top of his game everyone would n't now be lining up to kick him while he is down . 
  i wonder will the ~ ~ riot ~ ~ march be properly policed this time . 
  nice bike , but please please please get a better lock . 
  that wo n't last a minute locked up on the street in dublin the way things are right now . 
  can pay , wo n't pay !, 
  they are safety hazards , they have been for some time . 
  the exemption ( pre 63 ' ) which allowed slum lords to continue renting out these shitboxes was removed . 
  now these properties have to comply with the same safety rules all other properties already have to . 
  sorry to be the bearer of bad news , but you do n't need planning permission for caravans on your own property . 
  i am currently attempting to listen to all of the headliners work so i can tell people how awesome the line up is . 
  converted garage in fairness, 
  you could try vlc but i do n't think you will have much joy . 
  afaik they are encrypted like the sky box recordings so only they can only be played with the same box . 
  there 's a danger of overdoing it . 
  gerry fatigue might be setting in . 
  the new yorker is great for lengthy well researched pieces like this . 
  a good read . 
  and also a timely reminder that adams is n't all teddy bears and rubber duckies . 
  still shilling for the shinners ? 
   i 'm sure it is too . 
  but i 'm sure it 's also not hard to not tell lies or make things up too . 
  if you had the traumatic life those 10 young children had perhaps your powers of recall might not be accurate either . 
  the eldest was 15 at the time . . 
  supply is still illegal apparently . 
  [ the morning after skag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e6adecm.jpg ), 
  `` i promised them new politics '', 
  if you are feeling like being a cunt you could report this to the bank . 
  and these bands were pretty much all in their prime at the time . 
  pds except without all the socially liberal stuff . 
  yeah this is the problem . 
  it 's going to be a challenge for them to throw off that image , even if it was just an excuse to split for some . . 
  the ugly collateral damage of our drinking culture . 
  rolling drunks is about the easiest form of mugging . 
  if its any consolation they are likely to loose their hole on corrib with gas prices at record lows . 
  going to vote greens next time . 
  i know they propped up a very unpopular ff gov but they paid the price for that in the last election . 
  apart from the very important environmental policies they do n't have the same wiff of the establishment as the other parties do . 
  and they do n't have the baggage of being the political wing of a terrorist organization . 
  if anything is remarkable it 's that papers decide to report on drink fueled violence . 
  it never makes the papers . 
  and if it does alcohol is rarely mentioned . 
  i suppose if your publication is filled with adverts from diagio you may be less inclined to report on the negative effects of alcohol . 
  the yanks have the right idea , tazing these freemen lunatics . 
   last time i went to naas a&e ( on a tuesday night ) i was waiting seven hours , which i was told was pretty standard . 
  perhaps for less severe ailments . 
  you were waiting 7 hours because you were triaged . 
  people in serious conditions always get seen more quickly . 
  at a guess the systematic doping of horses, 
  reddit is n't your shitty tumblr page, 
  newstalk mainly . 
  i like his show . 
  he takes a position on issues unlike other hosts who are at pains to be neutral . 
  you do n't have to agree with all his views to enjoy his show . 
  appeal it , at the very least it will take up some of the bastards time . 
  on the off chance that this is a cry for help , perhaps you should take a look at :, 
  chap i know scanned an existing one , blanked out all the private stuff then made it look like he had 5 million in his current account . 
  go hard or go home . 
   everyone 's `` certain '' that he 's a ruthless , bloodthirsty , mouth-frothing serial killer . 
   who needs a fickle little thing like `` evidence '' , right, 
  strawman much ? 
  original point,
