it may make you sick but these type of incentives keep those fucking fat cats here and the corporation tax ( 1 billion euros annually ) that the government loves so dearly . 
  the gun type bomb ( little boy ) dropped on hiroshima was so simple they did n't deem it necessary to test . 
  that is certainly within reach of north korea and is much smaller than a shipping container although probably not light enough to be put on a north korean icbm . 
  do n't underestimate the fucking pit of vipers that government is . 
  it 's not unknown for civil servants or political aides to leak things because they personally want them brought attention to or axed . 
  mushrooms are one of those things where a little knowledge is a dangerous thing . 
  safe mushrooms can look very similar to poisonous ones . 
  i 'm fucking devastated i wo n't have the honor of working for free for bill cullen . 
  what is this , 1999 all fucking over again ? 
  what buildings in your opinion are most under threat and would be the biggest loss if they were to go ? 
  most of the buildings look in very bad repair . 
  is there a level of danger involved with exploring some of these buildings ? 
   he also agreed that crowley came from a respectable family and before joining the force had attained a certificate in mechanical engineering . 
  why the fuck is this even a consideration ? 
  i have flashed the desire in the past but it 's small internal storage was a bit of a pain . 
  after posting this topic i flashed jellybean onto the galaxy s ( i9000 ) . 
  it works really well i was surprised how smooth it is . 
  it uses adobe air and is a little buggy but holy fuck if he did this by himself !, 
  i think i was still drawing on walls with with crayons at 11 . 
  the only problem is you get fucking jobs that the recruiter wants you in rather that ones you want to be in . 
  they have their place but they are n't batting for you all the time . 
  sudo apt-get install update-manager-core, 
  sudo do-release-upgrade, 
  sudo clench fucking buttocks, 
  $ 15,000 , a cock and bull sob story about your childhood and blaming the drink and/or drugs seems to be a way to get away with sexual assault in this country . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  he should be in gaol with violent inmates sticking pins in his balls . 
  yep same here . 
  it is n't out just yet it seems . 
  this is pretty dumb . 
  anyone with a limited amount of tech knowledge and a few spare minutes would figure out it 's you . 
  it 's not legal in this country . 
  you can get it in the uk or the north last i checked . 
   it has a few different uses , as an anti-depressant of sorts and is also used by mdma users in order to restore serotonin levels back to normal much faster after use . 
  i used it before and it 's a waste of time in my opinion . 
  ended up chucking the whole bottle . 
  it seems to have built up some sort of mytical powers with out any solid evidence whatsoever . 
  the first clue should be that it comes from a health food shop . 
  i bet someone did n't put their fucking blinkers on when they nipped into the chemist . 
  adblock and vps in the us = fuck you scripps networks interactive . 
  so / r/ireland is defending a creepy pedo too ? 
  it subbreddits like this that really make me feel ashamed to admit i browse reddit . 
  so much [ drama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/11bypn/recapthe_great_dox_of_2012_or_doxgate_a_recap_of// ), 
  [ gawker ] ( http://gawker.com/5950981/unmasking-reddits-violentacrez-the-biggest-troll-on-the-web ) does an expose on one of reddits creepier pedos . 
  reddits power users decide to ban gawker links in retaliation . 
  user in question does a really awkward [ interview with cnn . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6plijdavga ), 
  i love the mental gymnastics people are using to defend this guy and this content on reddit . 
  reddit does not exist in a bubble . 
  before it could get away with the pedo stuff because it was n't on the radar . 
  now that the site is mainstream it is receiving lots of attention to the sites murkier sections . 
  what it does with those will make or break the site . 
  already it 's turning into that site that i 'm not as eager to admit i browse . 
  it 's a shame because there are some great subreddits even if the main page is becoming worthless . 
  no need to be resorting to insults . 
  maybe take a bit of fresh air and calm down . 
  like that lumbering monologue . 
  i think it 's a pretty accurate description . 
  no need for taunts mooglor . 
  one of my staunch catholic facebook friends seems to think this is some sort of license for the state to take children without regard for the parents , force them to be vaccinated and make them take birth control . 
  i 'm fairly sure this is all fucking bollocks but that is the final word on this ? 
  the guy was pedo that ran several pedo subbreddits ( and was an active submitter ) before they were banned . 
  he has made many comments to this effect . 
  after a quick browse . . 
  jesus fuck , kill it with fire . 
  who gives a fuck about isreal ? 
  this is / r/ireland sham . 
  now , where are my fucking father ted memes ? 
  these fucking yahoos are like something out of deliverance . 
  i say this as someone who comes from rural ireland . 
  an amendment to do away with referendums . 
  simply require a 2/3rds majority in the dail to change the constitution . 
  referendums are a fucking joke and are decided on issues that are rarely anything to fucking do with the actual reason for the referendum . 
  yes . 
  referendums while looking like an exercise in pure democracy on paper are nothing of the kind in reality . 
  it becomes an opportunity for every loosely connected interest group to come out and throw shit in every direction . 
  case in point , youth defense / coir . 
  somewhere in the distance , a banjo is played in anger . 
  [ shit that mark twain did n't say ] ( http://www.mentalfloss.com/blogs/archives/108693 ), 
  lol @ his attempt to emphasize his facebook post with reddit markdown . 
  the whole post reeks of self righteous smugness . 
  that is the fucking stupidest thing i 've ever heard . 
  well done . 
  i appreciate your honesty . 
  it has unfortunately got reddititus like the rest of reddit . 
  the front page is almost worthless at this stage . 
  loljazeera is not a credible fucking news source . 
  unions do n't give a fuck about their new members as long their senior member 's nests are feathered . 
  just look at how they treat new entrants in teaching and medicine . 
  you are absolutely deluded if you ca n't see this is the case . 
  it 's basically the fucking same as cocaine except without all the same health or social problems . 
  when i say without i mean we do n't know about them yet . 
  since it is basically a new substance we have n't had millions of human subjects to test it on like cocaine . 
  we know what coke does we have n't really a clue about meow meow or at least the long term effects . 
  so thanks for volunteering !, 
  moderation is fine advice but i 'm sure many an addict has uttered those words . 
  moderation might be fine for coffee or chocolate but its fucking nonsense to say the same for heroin or cocaine . 
  i 've a short attention span . 
  i 'm sorry but you have totally lost me . 
  referendums over emphasize fringe or unpopular positions in referendums .
