  we done got a communist in our midst . 
  yet you have no qualms about contributing to a site owned by a [ giant media conglomerate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/advance_publications ) . 
  i think the real tragedy is what happened to this poor woman . 
  the media ca n't be blamed for reporting the facts . 
  it 's a big news story . 
  all he is interested in is sowing discontent . 
  just scatter a few uncooked potatoes around the room . 
  any true irishman will just grab one and take a bite . 
  do n't even think of washing them first , there is no greater slight than offering an irishman a clean potato . 
  it 's not clear if the russians encroached on irish airspace or they skirted around it on the west side . 
  it would be in our interests and britain 's to cooperate on air support . 
  was there some talk recently about the british doing a deal to supply modern fighter jets to the air corps ? 
   why waste a nuke on an air strip ? 
  we might be at risk of a light bombing run , but a nuke is useless unless used in a highly populated area . 
  assured destruction . 
  if a war went nuclear there would be no limit to escalation . 
  it just simply becomes a case of why not ? 
  the soviets were pumping out warheads and icbms like sausages during the cold war . 
  they ( as in the russians ) have up to 8000 ready for use . 
  recent research indicated the nuclear winter scenario is actually much easier to trigger than once thought . 
  a `` regional '' nuclear war between india and pakistan could trigger worldwide suffering [ linky ] ( http://climate.envsci.rutgers.edu/pdf/robocktoonsciamjan2010.pdf ), 
  / r/atheism is leaking, 
  op your post is littered with lingo of the far left . 
  take a wash you smelly trot . 
  ( and no i do n't hate muslims ), 
  the armalite and ballot box strategy . 
  their political wing were happy to use the ira 's attacks to apply pressure in negotiations . 
  all while disavowing any involvement . 
  as gerry himself said `` they have n't gone away , you know '', 
  that may be a a valid view but what is to stop gerry, 
  reintroducing the armalite again when he does n't get his way . 
  he has presided over politics this way before , who is to say he wo n't do it again south of the border ? 
  shinnerbot sighting, 
  hate to burst your bubble but a sizeable number of people in ireland support israel . 
  a silent majority that do n't march , wash and are n't crusties . 
  beautiful, 
  shinner sighting, 
  and her ideology is what exactly ? 
  footballers and other athletes frequently go anaerobic and use more glycogen and blood sugars as energy . 
  the most efficient way for the body to produce these is with carbs . 
  you are absolutely correct about endurance runners , they would aim to never to go anaerobic if possible so carbs are n't as important . 
   her absolute belief in ** cico . 
  ** did you not just hear her slag a woman off for having one night out at the races ? 
  tell her that she was a drunk on tv and that she was letting down a whole set of people ? 
  explain your acronyms please !, 
  as for going out on the piss , she was on a show dedicated to loosing weight . 
  having a welly load of drinks just about undos all the dieting work . 
   that 's the point : that the research is showing that the macro-content of the diet matters as much if not more than the overall calorie amounts . 
  this is absolutely true . 
  but counting calories still works as a weight loss technique . 
  edit : calories in calories out . 
   how the fuck is that a way to run a country in the 21st century ? 
  it 's their way of saying that they do n't want to expend political capital on what would be an extremely divisive referendum for their conservative base . 
  remember , they lost 6 tds pushing through a bill that most liberal minded people would agree did not go far enough . 
  it 's all about getting re-elected for the next year . 
   just feel foolish for having voted for labour in the last election . 
  they 've flip flopped on every single campaign promise . 
  the minor party in a coalition government tends to have to do this . 
   he announces that it is not daly 's role to interpret the constitution , while simultaneously preventing the supreme court ( whose role it is ) from doing so . 
  to play devils advocate . 
  he already has advice from the attorney general saying it was unconstitutional . 
  why go through the whole procedure of getting it enacted just to see it fall at the final hurdle ? 
  it would be a waste of political capital . 
  the proletariat are revolting . 
  hey guys look at me !, 
  i just read 1984 !, 
  hey guys look at me . 
  i 'm quoting a book despite not having read it !, 
  i was at a protest against the state guarantee right back when it was all getting serious in 2008 . 
  we were on o'connell street and the guards would n't let us walk on the roads because too few people turned up . 
  a grand total i 'd say of 50 people turned up . 
  two days later the government tied us all to the private bank debt . 
  it was n't a case people rolled over and took it , from where i was standing nobody had a clue what was happening or did n't give a shit about it . 
  everything that happened since was because of that one stupid decision . 
  so my response to the current crop of protestors : to little . 
  too late . 
  the quote, 
   the least she deserves is that the sinn fein president calls off the dogs of war on mairia cahill . 
  she must be allowed tell her story without sinn fein 's keyboard warriors attacking her every word . 
  windows 8 with `` classic shell '' is what you want . 
  78 % up-voted . 
  looks like antisemitism is funny to / r/ireland . 
  ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
  put a different race in there and see how many up votes it would get . 
  * backs away slowly *, 
  or a hierarchy of people who smear shit on walls . 
  please do n't quote rt. 
  russia today = kremlin news source . 
  you are obviously ignorant of the press situation in russia . 
  they murder journalists for not towing the party line . 
  it is a third world country for press freedom . 
  lo and behold all the shinner bots are attacking veronica guerin now . 
  it 's almost as if his political party has strong ties to a paramilitary organisation that is linked to criminality . 
  shows promising signs in mice with an artificially created form of ms. 
  roughly translated it may after being adapted for human use go into years of clinical trials . 
  assuming it does n't fall at any hurdles we might have a widely available treatment in 10-15 years . 
  or not . 
  call me cynical of newspaper headlines based on results from pre-clinical trials . 
  come back to me after phase 1 trials !, 
  agree .
