  my post went from +5 to - 4, 
  you oppose metered water charges because you claim we already pay for it through general taxation . 
  our taxation system takes a proportionally higher amount of tax off the lowest paid . 
  how do you reconcile that with your left wing policies ? 
  it looks like he just let one go . 
   is it a worldwide thing or are we irish more prone to believe any shite we see posted on facebook ? 
  there has been a loss of trust in all our institutions . 
  gardai , the media , politics . 
  as a result the gap is being filled with idiots . 
  the problem with quantum entanglement or indeed much of quantum physics is we ca n't properly explain it . 
  there is just how it is . 
  it 's so different and counter intuitive to anything else it has eluded simple explanation to date . 
  it leaves them as the junior partner in a `` national government '' that has utterly failed to communicate what good they have done since entering government and have failed to counter the argument from sinn fein that they would do it better . 
  they entered government with fine gael to fix the mess that the last fianna fail government left but they have n't done a good job of explaining the scale of the problems they faced or the extent to which they tempered fgs right wing tendencies . 
  from russia 's point of view ukraine was/is a buffer state . 
  with ukraine becoming aligned to the west , suddenly moscow is only a few hours drive from `` the enemy '' . 
   i also do n't have an issue with nuclear power . 
  i do however have an issue with the seeming inability of the irish nation to do anything properly . 
  get the french nation to design and run it . 
  they already run a sizeable chuck of the worlds nuclear power plants . 
  there is definitly at least one in ucc, 
  why buy into an experimental reactor ? 
  get one of france 's tried and tested ones . 
  what sort of bikes are those ? 
  so essentially you do n't mind people filming things in public as long as you agree with the tone of program they are making ? 
  the ira were n't in the business of killing rich hostages . 
  it 's an appeal to emotion . 
  absolutely zero context . 
  therefore , propaganda . 
  perhaps you need a timeout there sport . 
  agree with this . 
  withheld rent because i got wind the receiver would n't honour my deposit . 
  after much back and forth got deposit in full , paid the arrears and moved out . 
  there is very little the landlord can do to get you out ( legally ) so sometimes it pays to play hardball . 
  for all the faux indifference every time israel mentioned it 's clear / r/ireland is obsessed with israel . 
  and not in a good way . 
  [ the sub has posts about israel on an almost weekly basis ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/search?q=israel&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=all ) and the tone is almost universally negative . 
  any posts or comments that are positive or try to counter the prevailing narrative are buried in down votes . 
  people need to take a step back and ask themselves are they really as indifferent/neutral on israel as they claim ? 
  edit : here come the down votes , 
  ssh tunneling is sloooow out of the box . 
  it was built by the british to have better access to fight rebels basing themselves in the wicklow mountains . 
  hence the name military road . 
  the concussion issue is in danger of killing rugby unless they deal with it . 
  some of the [ stories of early retirements are downright scary . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/sport/rugby/it-affects-every-facet-of-your-life-it-takes-from-you-im-a-different-person-when-this-is-bad-26697450.html ), 
  that said , concussion is also a concern in ufc . 
  multiple head-shots to clearly unconscious opponents is still a common occurrence in matches . 
  by this logic walking is the most dangerous of all . 
  most people were walking during or shortly before they die . 
  offer a thousand . 
  that extra 50 looks like it was snuck in there on the expectation it might be bargained away . 
  to play devils advocate , the sinn fein deputy was using his bothers situation to make a political point . 
  it could be argued by introducing his brothers plight into the political arena he left himself open to criticism like this . 
  politics is a dirty business . 
  this costs money these days . . 
  i heard the jacks are absolutely spotless . 
  enda could drop a few giveaway measures in q1 snap election in q3 . 
  catch the opposition off guard . 
  sinn fein for example does not have anywhere near enough established candidates to reflect their poll ratings . 
  a snap election with a short campaign puts them at a disadvantage . 
  they might not be largest opposition party . 
  they have few established names to run in the next election to make gains . 
  a snap election will mean less time to give them profile / recognisability . 
  compare this to fianna fail who have a huge back catalog of recognisable faces who lost their seats in the last election . 
  poll numbers are significant but if their name is n't recognisable on the ballot paper , people wo n't vote for them . 
  tell that to his nutsack, 
  compare his current accent to that of a younger version of himself . 
  edit : he obvious he has had some degree of voice / accent training to soften his accent . 
  it 's to broaden his appeal since his native accent , like most regional accents in ireland , is probably tricky to understand for an american audience . 
  and broadening his appeal to an american audience is how he will get his big paydays . 
  i followed him on twitter because i expected as a comedy writer his account to be entertaining . 
  instead it was endless political whinging and retweeting of random crap . 
  20 % percent deposits limits the amount people can borrow . 
  it does n't automatically follow that this is automatically bad thing . 
  if it curbs house prices it means you will be borrowing less and potentially needing a smaller deposit . 
  20 % was the norm until boom times . 
  beware vested interests calling for it 's abolition who only care about rising house prices , not affordability or financial prudence . 
  buy to let mortgages already have a higher deposit requirement to reflect the risk . 
  usually 25 % or 30 % depending on the lender . 
  i somehow doubt that international funds think irish property is worth investing in that heavily . 
  if they were n't before they certainly are now . 
  thanks biffo !, 
  skype is no longer peer to peer after being bought by micro $ oft, 
  `` talking down the economy '', 
  oh so precious !, 
  we are dealing with with a criminal mastermind here . 
  figures based off this apparently :, 
  commentary from the creator here :, 
  she was a member of fianna fail too . 
  i think `` opportunistic '' is a fairer description of her motivations . 
  playing the long game !, 
   it 's not a huge deal , i figure those sites are for people that are too dumb to figure out reddit, 
  elitism much ? 
  it means that if you are within 100m of the exchange , have a brand new copper pairs rolled and braided between the thighs of specially trained eunuchs and fitted by jesus himself . 
  you might just get 24mb . 
  they should stop their dole and mickey money . 
  the one on the left is purty . 
  i 'd let her arrest me . 
  well looky here .
