  every city has pockets of it but it 's all over dublin, 
  all over dublin . . outside the areas you mention it 's quite rare . 
  go to barcalona , lisbon san francisco and even amsterdam you will see examples of what you speak of close to tourist destinations . 
   i 've recently moved within dublin - back to somewhere i lived about 4 years ago and it was never as bad before . 
  disagree . 
  the 80s early 90s were much worse . 
  the heroin epidemic was a terrible time to be in the city center . 
  the city has lost much of that feel of menace these days . 
  people actually go into the city at night . 
  back then it was avoided . 
  the dublin nightlife we know now did n't really exist in the same way it does now . 
  at least now we are treating the drug addicted . 
  then their only choice was mug or beg for their next fix . 
   it 's not a popular opinion , but it 's driving tourists away and damaging the economy - saying `` it 's not the addicts fault '' wo n't help the damage done to tourism, 
  it 's a lazy opinion . 
  yes we have a problem with vagrants and addicts in parts of our city center but it 's not a patch on some of the capitals of the world . 
  yes we need to do something about it but it is n't as bad as some cities . 
  not even close . 
   barcelona is one of the cities where i 've lived - it 's bad in pockets for sure , but there are swathes of dublin that are grim . 
  the whole red line is awful . 
  it 's easier to name the safe and relaxed areas, 
  the redline travels through some of the cities most deprived areas . 
  if you were to do the same in some of the other world cities it would n't be a picnic either . 
   i sure as fuck would n't recommend that any of my non-streetwise european friends go anywhere except dublin 2/4, 
  yes loike the mean streets of dundrum are loike soo grim . 
   lazy retort, 
  i think this debate has run its course :o), 
   i would n't recommend dundrum because it 's boring . 
  what kind of a clown travels to another country to go to a suburban shopping mall ? 
  what sort of clown talks in absolutes . 
  gerry , darling , get those bangers out !, 
  so everyone . 
  what 's the beat way to dodge this stupid tax ? 
  it is n't owned by shell anymore though . 
  the carry on from fianna fail documented in that book is absolutely shocking . 
  banana republic stuff . 
  yes . 
  the shinnerbots are out in force, 
  shinnerbots launch upvote missiles !, 
  i 'm no fan of the shinners but , it would be nice to hear an explanation of why they arrested him and why now was the best time to do this . 
  they must have had a strong reason to do so ? 
  this is the scandal that just keeps giving . 
  it could bring down a government at the rate it is going . 
  the media in other countries does n't have the same amount of tolerance for drunken mayhem that ours does . 
  it 's just `` the craic '' here . 
  we are paying for it indirectly . 
  currently local authorities are paying for provision of water services out of their budgets . 
  this has meant a chronic under investment in infrastructure as councils find other ways to spend their budgets . 
  there is no overall strategy or resources for water , just many different responsible authorities . 
  it is not only terrible for planning the big picture of water provision it is also incredibly wasteful with many duplicated functions around the country . 
  so yes while it 's shit we have to pay more for it , we will hopefully see a properly resourced national water company with a budget for improving water provision than ca n't be spent by councils on magic beans . 
  there is a special place in hell reserved for people who scan documents to pdf instead of creating them from the document . 
  * fragment ( consider revising ) *, 
  do n't trust anything paul williams writes . 
  here 's the thing , in the past if someone wanted a medical card they contacted their local government td . 
  the result was that loads of people who got them did n't actually need them . 
  the hse for the most part does n't know who deserves to have one and if they actually have a medical condition that would entitle them to one . 
  tl ; dr successive governments used distribution of medical cards as a vote buying measure . 
  yes i agree , that is a dumb way to do it . 
  not hard to see what will happen to the rental market when these are repossessed . 
  i 'm surprised he made it around the world with maneuvers like this . 
  the semi ca n't see the bike when he cuts inside . 
  the bike is in his blind spot . 
   the actual report has a good example of potential mis-use of the postcode database , that it could be used to identify a pattern of illness at a particular address or cluster of addresses . 
  insurance is already loaded based on location for car insurance . 
  how is this any different ? 
   the ones who got the card without medical documentation are very easy to find with a little work . 
  this is the hse we are talking about . 
  lol at that whole comment thread . 
  big alcohol loves people like you . 
  behind all good times and piss-ups are an epidemic of preventable diseases , crime , accidental deaths and mental health issues . 
  yeah , lets drink to that . 
  ** insert joke about electric eels here **, 
  at the risk of sounding like a party pooper , there are more important issues to be weighed up when choosing who to vote for . 
  moon over exposed . 
  the thing to do here would have been a hdr shot or exposure bracket them and stitch them together later . 
  never underestimate the stupidity or education level of your users . 
  `` what we have here is a failure to communicate . '', 
  virtual silence from from labour apart from occasional news about a spat involving fg . 
  i 'm sure they have got some of their policies implemented and curbed some of fgs more conservative polices but the leadership has been terrible about getting that message out . 
  this failure is entirely at gilmore 's door . 
  because there are international agreements ( [ non proliferation treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_the_non-proliferation_of_nuclear_weapons ) ) banning countries from seeking to obtain nuclear weapons . 
  most countries in the world have signed up to this treaty . 
  this is a dumb idea . 
  do n't do it . 
  even if the doctor or the pharmacist do n't cop on there are bean counters in the hse whose job it is to track stuff like this down . 
  it wo n't be a big job for them to figure out that your friend has n't paid tax here or claimed welfare in over a year but yet is claiming on a medical card . . 
  who can we trust in this country anymore . . 
  and what would you rather see happen ? 
  he apologized to him and both people responsible for the mess are gone . 
  i think it 's a good way to draw a line under the whole affair and move forward . 
  i bet she did n't mention that in her interview . 
  they are in coalition government so their natural instinct to cut taxes and reduce spending is tempered by labour 's tax and spend inclinations . 
  utter rubbish . 
  none of our parties are truly left leaning except maybe sinn fein and the socialist parties . 
  most of our major parties , like the rest of europe , are right leaning . 
  both parties are selling a lump of shit to the electorate . 
  fine gael are just better at selling it . 
   they may not have started it , merely finished it . 
  if they are kicking people in the head while they are prone on the ground they are guilty .
