  did you miss the part where the league of nations and the un created what was called at the time a jewish home land ? 
  or maybe the part where arab countries ( and european ) effectively expelled jews from their countries ? 
  go fuck your self, 
  oh piss off with your smug self satisfaction . 
  no one actually speaks irish . 
  it 's all for show . 
  there are thousands of nuclear weapons on 15 minute alert . 
  one or two people have the fate of the whole world in their hands . 
  what if there is a an accidental launch ? 
  a detection system malfunction ? 
  a rouge commander ? 
  do we really need thousands of mega tonnes worth of nuclear weapons on a hair trigger ? 
   i think it 's something we should be proud of . 
  what about buy to let investors pocketing their rental incomes while not paying the banks ? 
  or people who will never be able to afford the houses they are in ? 
   let 's get to the heart of the matter : how in any way does this demonstrate her competence to a member in government ? 
  they do n't need any . 
  the height of her power as a non cabinet member in our system of government is warming the back benches . 
  or maybe sorting out someones social welfare . 
  fat neckbeards find rape funny because fat neck beards do n't get raped . 
  so parodying rape victims ( which this video is doing ) is ok in your book ? 
  how 's your shitty facebook group going ? 
  if you made them for a living and think this i 'm assuming you work in dominos . 
  proper pizzas need a * really * hot oven . 
  the average oven in most houses wo n't go high enough . 
  rape jokes . . 
  so brave !, 
  yes and we are all spud loving drunkards with a penchant for wife beating . 
  see what i did there ? 
  everyone involved with bitcoin appears to be a drooling idiot . 
  between exchange robberies , fraud and extremely shitty design decisions bitcoin has become the currency backed with lulz . 
  more non irish than irish celebrate paddys day . 
  just fucking get over it already . 
  the world is full of plastic paddys and no amount of moaning about the use of `` pattys '' is going to change it . 
  oh i 'm sure they are reliable , right up until a limb or loose bit of clothing gets snagged in them !, 
  i think this is the case of the right tool for the right job . 
  ntpasswd live cd is designed specially to do i this and has never failed me !, 
  wow would love to see this peice of history . 
  any chance you could scan it in op ? 
  the south did n't want peace on the norths terms . 
  if anything they wanted escalation . 
  terms on the table at the time involved a cease fire with no withdrawal of vc forces from the south . 
  something the regime in the south was totally opposed to . 
  edit : til that `` on the table '' means something different in american english v british english . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/table_ ( parliamentary_procedure ), 
  bullshit there 's loads of us there . 
  i should know i 'm just fucking back home . 
  the whole city centre is a drunken mess right now . 
  not much use now but the graves plot number is mentioned in the op link . 
  the place is massive it must have taken you ages to find the grave . 
  you appear to have no idea of the amount of work it takes to get a game to this stage . 
  stick to your shitty poetry mate . 
  lots of subreddits have rules on comments . 
  ban the trolls their freeze peach is no loss . 
  they do lots of enterprise level video equipment also . 
  earplugs in the chemist for around a euro , get the foam ones . 
  sleep like a baby . 
  there is currently a dribble of water coming out of my tap in dublin 6 . 
  thanks dublin city you fuckwits . 
  protip : it 's not real . 
  it 's the laziest viral marketing attempt ever . 
  is a euro in a failed bank the same as a euro in a sound bank ? 
  if the `` gangster politicians '' were n't providing emergency liquidity via the ecb cyprus banks would have collapsed and their citizens would have had no money . 
  only the biggest depositors and bondholders are getting a haircuts rather unlike ireland . 
  we decided to waste countless billions as the state protected large depositors and bondholders . 
  bit of a sensational title . 
  he was hit was bit by a rubber bullet aka a non lethal riot control round . 
  the side he was mingling amongst were throwing rocks at the idf . 
  they are classed as non lethal rounds . 
  they do . 
  just like other non lethal weapons kill people . 
  my point is the title suggests he was shot with a gun when its obvious from the photo and the article it was a riot control round . 
  your friend was very unfortunate . 
  baton rounds are designed to cause superficial wounds or hurt rather than kill . 
  but used improperly they can cause serious injury or death . 
  so while they are called non lethal they could more accurately be called `` less lethal '' . 
  what is your point ? 
  i 'm not disputing anything you are saying . 
  symantecs . 
  the fact is he was hit with a riot control baton rather than a bullet . 
  shitty auto complete on my phone but thanks for the constructive point . 
  there were rocks being thrown by protestors . 
  do you suggest they respond with nerf guns and pillows ? 
  batton rounds are used by police forces across europe . 
  this is n't just an idf tactic . 
  he is a self confessed palestinian activist hardly an unbiased source for a start . 
  i assume he was doing the usual trick of filming the idf waiting them to react to the stones being thrown at them . 
  of course little coverage is usually given to the mob on his side . 
  if you mingle among rioters throwing stones do n't be surprised if you get a baton round !, 
   trained soldiers under attack from stone throwers . 
  hit an irish palestinian activist posing as journalist with a baton road . 
  still ( sort of ) happened . 
  i fixed some inaccuracies in your post . 
  you seem to have been there too !, 
  about time . 
  ryanair specifically state they do n't accommodate connecting flights meaning you will have to recheck you and your baggage . 
  aer lingus and ryanair are also in different terminals which means you will encounter significant delays getting to terminal 1 for ryanair and checking baggage in . 
  1:20 is n't enough time . 
  the difference is the rs4 was built with all the components to handle the amount of power it puts out . 
  the upgraded s4 may not be .
