  i guess some people are just born suckers . 
  maybe he/she was not expecting to being harassed by anonymous arseholes on the internet . 
  go witch-hunt somewhere else . 
  reported you for same . 
  in your opinion . 
  but you threatened to out them on social media which is a bannable offense . . 
  do n't worry i have a screenshot . 
  no i think you have done quite enough already . 
  you might have more luck asking over in / r/trees, 
  i watched that whole video through my hands . 
  so funny !, 
  force yourself to watch it and do n't fight the anxiety . 
  acknowledge it as an anxious feeling and do n't beat yourself up about it . 
  be a friend to yourself , 
  nice photo !, 
  what was your setup ? 
  the funny thing is italian chippers do n't exist in italy . 
  the only thing that bus driver owns is an insurance claim . 
  yeah was it a camera or a smart phone ? 
  did you use any settings to make it look nice ? 
   this guy was an addict who was fucked up by drugs . 
  he is n't some evil nutcase . 
  he could be both . 
  do n't forget cabin pressure . 
  agree totally . 
  as a cyclist and motorist . 
  interesting to note just as this was happening another cyclist was overtaking the bus in between two lanes on the buses right which appears to have caused the bus pull in slightly to the left . 
  i think the bus driver was getting annoyed at the wrong cyclist . 
   do n't check their inside mirrors enough or just do n't give two shits about cutting through cyclists . 
  buses have quite big blind spots . 
  even if cyclists are in their mirror they are sometimes only a little speck in their big convex mirror . 
  cyclists and buses sharing roadway on such busy streets is a retarded planning decision . 
  how to be irish :, 
  complain about poor water quality, 
  complain about septic tank inspections, 
  complain about agricultural directives and fines from brussels, 
  start again at 1, 
  to aggravate people and film their reactions . 
  when joey died a huge contingent of bikers from the whole of ireland went to the funeral . 
  nobody gave a tuppenny fuck what his politics were . 
  yes . 
  although i was expecting the video to be something along the lines of `` why japanese hipsters are holidaying in fukishima '', 
  that sure is a nice floury bap . 
  they should do the one where he orders dolours price to disappear jean mcconville, 
  i really like the interface on windows phone but the lack of app is a real deal breaker . 
  i went to a random pub down the country whose name escapes me . 
  the place was absolutely jammed and there seemed to be some sort of celebration on . 
  place was absolutely kicking . 
  got talking to the people there and it turned out to be a wake . 
  or as they called it a living wake . 
  turns out the guy whose wake it was had terminal cancer and wanted to go out with a party and all his friends around him . 
  he was in great form and i bought him a pint . 
  very surreal . 
  just because someone can draw an info graphic does n't mean the data is presented logically or even correctly . 
  the companies benefited too . 
  this happens all the time in examinerships . 
  the debt is written off and the company is able to continue trading . 
  no way . 
  there 's too much unexplained jargon . 
  song is [ q lazzarus - goodbye horses ( hd ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkp5jpnq-tm ) in case anyone is wondering . 
  i saw him another night rescuing homeless children with diseases from the liffey . 
  do it five times as a teenager and you are statistically more likely to get skin cancer . 
   i 'm tapering off by myself ( not a hope of getting any prescribed - it 's seen as drug-seeking behaviour , unless i lie about having taken them before ) but i 'd like to go on a less addictive med that is actually prescribed to me , and get therapy too . 
  so you are seeking more drugs from a different doctor , sounds like prescription shopping to me . . 
  you claim that the doctors do n't understand benzo withdrawal ... 
  i think you are in denial . 
  pfffft . 
  you 'd swear we had several cia black sites in our country if you listen to the crusties . 
   i can get as many benzos as i like , cheaper than i 'd ever get on prescription , let alone the fee for visiting the doctor . 
  they are not very difficult to get . 
   i do n't get any kind of high from them - they just reduce feelings of panic . 
  here is your problem right here . 
  you are relapsing because of anxiety issues . 
  if you have unfettered access to benzos you are going to keep relapsing unless you deal with the anxiety issues . 
  have you tried the counselling route ? 
  or how about the radical solution of asking the allergy sufferers to bring their lifesaving drug with them ? 
  the mother claims she was never told about the importance of the pen . . yikes . 
   the system glaser and goldston are mapping out would compare a warhead to be inspected with a known true warhead to see if the weapons matched . 
  this would be done by beaming high-energy neutrons into each warhead and recording how many neutrons passed through to detectors positioned on the other side . 
  hang on , are n't neutrons used to initiate nuclear reactions ? 
  bombarding fissile materials with neutrons sounds like a bad idea . . 
  nice, 
  give up the smokes ya mankey bastards . 
  hey internet !, 
  i hate something that is popular !, 
   the attitudes people have towards tobacco is fucking alarming . 
  it 's almost as if this addictive substance is a really big public health problem . . 
  maybe the plan is keep the barrage of negative hse publicity going so we 'll be less likely to reject reilly 's american style private healthcare system . 
  oh would ya quit trying so hard to be offended . 
  and of course none of the irish press mention this . 
  we are led to believe she is some sort of heroine . 
   authorities said downey 's three-fold brush with death came after she drunkenly staggered into the 49th street station near seventh avenue around 6 a.m. to catch a train home . 
  as she was waiting on the platform , downey toppled over and fell onto the tracks -- breaking her shoulder -- as a northbound n train was approaching . 
  how do you know what they are in the chair for ? 
  they may have any number of ailments that affect their ability to get around . 
  the weight problem might be unrelated . 
  it would have probably been enough justification to invade the south and occupy the republic . 
  all the problems arthurs day showcased already existed . 
  only because it was a cynical marketing exercise people started to question these accepted norms of our drinking culture . 
  the lesson here is never get involved in a couple fighting .
