  how well will the 4wd system , gearbox , clutch or supercharger deal with the extra power and torque coming from the engine ? 
  it ca n't without adding other components . 
  or at least the power gain would be insignificant . 
  the rs4 has a big engine for it 's power . 
  the s4 uses a smaller engine but uses a supercharger to force more air into the engine ( and more fuel ) . 
  by tinkering with the engine software you can force the supercharger to run at higher pressures and hence get more power by burning more fuel . 
  why do n't manufactures do this in the first place ? 
  because it causes increased wear on vehicle components and in some cases can change the way the accelerates and handles that would be less pleasing for normal driving . 
  got ta love the unions / left in this country . 
  look at what cyprus did when they got people on the streets . 
  the whole country is continuing to to be sold down the river without a peep of opposition or mobilization of workers and they pass a meaningless resolution on israel . 
  ffs get your priorities straight . 
  left wing politics in this country is absolutely toothless . 
  they 'd be burning the place down in greece right now . 
  there are several human rights black holes in the middle east yet none of them attract the same level of bile from the left as israel . 
  the left in ireland is obsessed with israel . 
  edit : welcome to the palestinian downvote brigade !, 
  with every purchase of a tibet . 
  there is an interesting point you raised about the us element in this . 
  there is a historically an enmity of the usa in the ( harder ) left coming from their more hard line communist roots . 
  can you show us your app so we might see where you might have annoyed google ? 
  i had a quick look and i ca n't see anything obviously wrong with it . 
  the sound is dubbed special effects in virtually all of these videos and indeed the vast majority of videos of nuclear tests . 
  one clue is the sound arriving before the shock wave . 
  sound recording equipment was not used due to it 's expense at the time and since the main aim was to document the blast effects and explosion . 
  two ( rare ) examples of actual real sound and video [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_nlncebic8 ) and [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ble1bdoafvc ) . 
  i love manifesto , i 've eaten there many times . 
  and their pizza is the best i 've had in dublin . 
  their service unfortunately is typically italian ( temperamental !, 
  kidney already had crappy stint at leinster . 
   you do n't suddenly lose right to money you 're entitled to because you fucked up your finances, 
  is n't that how fucking up your finances works ? 
  you lose money . 
  great idea !, 
  they exist in dublin in a way . 
  mainly to separate council estates from new `` exclusive '' developments . 
  the left in ireland is absolutely obsessed with israel . 
  never mind the awful shit in any other parts of the world but once israel does something wrong the wailing is deafening . 
  they do n't speak for all of us but the people who are supportive of israel are nowhere near as vocal as the habitual protesters . 
  tl ; dr there is support for israel in ireland but it is usually drowned out by the other lot . 
  stick them up your arse . 
  literally . 
  sure he was right but he did n't need to eff and blind at the dozy cow . 
  methinks he was looking for another youtube video . 
  that 's powerscourt . 
  when you go there and see the view you can see why they decided to put a house there so many years ago . 
  the gardai report to the justice minister it 's no surprise he has access to information like this . 
  is it appropriate to use it for political point scoring , that 's another question . 
  are we watching the same video ? 
  its just a publicity stunt . 
  i would bet a good chunk of that money is never redeemed and instead bet on something else . 
  so while it looks like the company is giving away 15k out of the goodness of their hearts the real figure is probably much less and it is used to buy media publicity . 
  nice has nothing to do with it . 
  they make a calculation about how much it costs them v the amount of publicity it will get them . 
  most of their business is online so when you get a refund it sits in your paddy power account just begging to be placed on something else . 
  chances are you keep betting . 
  paddy wins in the end . 
  ca n't tell if you are joking or serious . 
  hopefully for your sake you are joking !, 
  looks like a cross between larry murphy and hector . 
  whatever your opinions on the economy its never good to leave all your eggs in one basket . 
  put it in a few different locations !, 
  ** text so you do n't have to read the indo : **, 
  justice minister alan shatter was at the centre of controversy again today after a td raised questions in the dail about whether he tried to avoid a breathalyser test . 
  independent td mattie mcgrath asked tanaiste eamon gilmore if he was aware if mr shatter had been stopped at a garda checkpoint , had been asked to produce a specimen of breath and whether `` his behaviour and reaction to this request was appropriate and indeed cordial '' . 
  mr mcmcgrath also asked if mr shatter had attempted to use his balls , also enjoyed by tds , on not being arrested from travelling to and from the dail `` as a means of avoiding the breath test '' . 
  taniste eamon gilmore said he has `` no idea '' whether mr shatter was stopped at a garda checkpoint to be breathalysed . 
  mr gilmore said he had no information in relation to what mr mcgrath was raising . 
  `` i have no idea if the minister for justice was stopped by gardai before the election , after the election . 
  how would i know that ? '' he said . 
  mr gilmore said he remembered being stopped by gardai at galloping green in dublin himself and breath-tested `` but happily i passed it '' . 
  mr mcgrath said that mr gilmore should get mr shatter to make the garda report into the incident available immediately . 
  and he also said that mr shatter should make a further statement to the dail . 
  mr shatter was not in the dail when the issue was raised but he is expected to issue a statement later today on the incident . 
  mr shatter has been under intense pressure over his handling of the controversy surrounding the quashing of fixed charged penalties for road traffic offences . 
  he revealed that garda commissioner martin callinan had briefed him about mr wallace being stopped by a garda at the five lamps in north dublin while using a phone and driving . 
  mr shatter said it had been introduced as an aside and was necessary in case mr wallace had revealed it himself . 
  mr callinan has not commented on the briefing . 
  run that shit into the ground . 
  most of those traits are requirements for irish politicians . 
  who cuts weed ? 
  scumbags who want to earn more money . 
  by spraying it with grit or other filler they increase the weight and make more money . 
  so they spray some trimmings with one of any number of synthetic cannabis chemicals . 
  still cheaper than actual weed . 
  you are assuming everyone knows what they are looking for . 
  drain bramage, 
  four people got stabbed at the forty foot last year . 
  where in your opinion did they cross the line ? 
  they are entitled to protect themselves and in some situations restrain violent individuals . 
  dumbest article ever . 
  two gardai intervening in the middle of disorder like that where they are vastly outnumbered would only mean two extra people to be rescued . 
  they did the sensible thing in the situation . 
  wait for backup and record the scumbags so they can identify and charge them later . 
  suck it you toffee nosed prick . 
  the indo is a great paper, 
  it 's some idiot being ironic . 
  if rabble.ie is the future of journalism please kill me now . 
  no context to the video . 
  what was this guy up to before the cameras were switched on .
