  lol what are you smoking . 
  that is stupid ; you are stupid . 
  are you incapable of reading or did the it fix their headline ? 
  there is every need . 
  definitely not shit news for those with the condition . 
  the thieves will just ship them to countries who do n't participate . 
  shitty indo journalist is attempting to shame a young woman who may or may not have had a threesome with some rugby players . 
  as long as they can get some lovely heroin with it they wo n't stop robbing them . 
  you are giving views to that shitty rag . 
  you are a fucking idiot . 
  roughy translated :, 
  i know and you do n't . 
  nice casual racism there asshole . 
  if the roles were reversed and it was some dude and two famous girls he would be a hero . 
  piss off you bigot . 
  go spread your thinly veiled hate elsewhere , 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  perhaps you should talk to joe . 
  colours washed out , sensor noise , slightly blurry ( handshake ) . 
  but apart from that it 's a nice picture . 
  someone has to do the dirty work while you enjoy your comfortable life . 
  that assumes 2 things :, 
  1 ) the seanad has power to begin with . 
  2 ) the seanad will be reformed if the referendum is defeated . 
  on the first point it has minimal powers since it is stuffed with government appointees . 
  this ensures the ruling party always has a majority . 
  it is essentially powerless . 
  there is absolutely no guarantee the seanead will be reformed if the referendum is defeated . 
  there is no incentive for the party in power to do so . 
  since the seanead is effectively a rubber stamp for the dail any moves to reform it would lead to to a diluting of power for the ruling party . 
  there will be no reform . 
  get rid of it . 
  flying slowly to conserve fuel . . so ? 
  what exactly is the big fucking story here ? 
  libertarian would imply they are liberal on social issues which is really not the case . 
  they are more conservative than other parties on fiscal and social issues . 
  in a few years we are going to look back and wonder why we ruined so many good photos with software filters that make our photos look like they were taken with crappy cameras . 
  labhound ? 
  much nicer !, 
  it 's a lovely picture without having to ruin it with filters . 
  * my all time fav . 
  [ pat v jimmy carr ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5lewzi33km ), 
  probably built in noise reduction on the phone . 
  this is most apparent in low light . 
  what the fuck does this have to do with this case ? 
  why are you sorry ? 
  for the ultimate guilty pleasure , wipe your arse with a 50 . 
  what 's with all the poor quality photos being posted lately ? 
  ah fuck it why not  no ban plz, 
  [ http://www.pornhub.com/search?zebo+threesome] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ), 
  it has been shite for quite a while !, 
  they are more interested in squeezing you into what ever job they have to at hand rather than you actually want to do . 
  they also get a fee for doing this . 
  so you have a better chance of getting hired if you skip that stage . 
  fast and furious 8 : banging ms. o'reilly in a glanza turbo, 
  you are an idiot . 
  he 's probably achieved more than you ever will in fairness . 
  you are a retard . 
  where do you dream up this rubbish ? 
  go engage in intellectual masturbation elsewhere . 
  it only keeps the average computer illiterate from accessing it . 
  people with a little technical knowledge will always be able to bypass it . 
  are you still here ? 
  i think you might need to talk to someone about some underlying issues . 
  do n't worry , i do n't take it personally !, 
  sounds very similar to what irish people do abroad in australia or the us, 
  centos is well supported and very popular in the server side . 
  plus you will get to cut your teeth on an rpm based distro ( good if you need to use redhat at some point in the future ) . 
  if you are coming from ubuntu/debian you wo n't have much difficulty . 
  it supports all the major versions of java and with it 's popularity for web hosting you will not have difficulty getting most java app servers going . 
  the force is strong in this one . 
  do n't be such a pedant . 
  not in this country it is n't . 
  unless you have a good solicitor with a valid argument judges take a dim view of contesting minor offences such as this . 
  in this country the guards word  than yours for minor offences like this . 
  top marks for reading what i said . 
  good for you, 
  the lesson here is you need to be capable of being funny to deliver controversial or edgy satire . 
  otherwise this is the result . 
  it would be difficult to get this shot right on a camera phone . 
  the phone makes its best guess over how to expose the shot but results will never be good . 
  with the small sensor , reduced light coming through the small lens and limited control over how it exposes the shot there are many factors working against it . 
  i 'm in kerry but i know what it feels like to lose a wallet . 
  i hope this helps . 
  pro tip : if your jokes are shit people might take you seriously . 
  technically you may be right . 
  however it 's extremely unlikely the dpp would take a case with the new legislation at the advanced state it is . 
  sepia filter all the things !, 
  former fianna fail spin doctor defends fianna fail shocker . 
  do n't show this to the unionists !, 
  people want to work . 
  but people are n't stupid either . 
  if you lose your benefits for the pleasure of taking some shitty mcjob why would you bother ? 
  go back to / r/mensrights, 
  did you read what i said you numbskull . 
  how about you tell me what is really bothering you ? 
  not bothered enough to reply several times with nonsense i see !, 
  we have to keep our overpaid presenters in the lifestyle they are accustomed to !, 
  i never said i was n't bothered . 
  learn to read -  comprehend -  post you dullard .
