   has he ever been convicted for any of those things ( meaning '' ` i never pulled a trigger , ordered a murder or set off a bomb ' '' ), 
  your strawman :, 
   everyone 's `` certain '' that he 's a ruthless , bloodthirsty , mouth-frothing serial killer . 
  it 's much easier to make a strawman than an actual valid argument . 
  not eu . 
  poland . 
  when the leader of major political party is implicated in the murder , political point scoring is kind of unavoidable . 
  the 3.60 roll is a nutritional wasteland . 
  if you are throwing out food , make stuff you can freeze and heat in the microwave for a quick meal . 
  make big batches of say curry or stew and defrost them as needed . 
  cheap , tasty and better for you than a chicken fillet roll . 
  ah the birth of canny mcsavvy, 
  takes me back . 
   it turns out they we 're also unregistered for the most of my tenancy, 
  contact is not un-comomon in road races . 
  the guy on the inside totally misjudged it though . 
  why are people so hyper sensitive about what british people think of us ? 
  looks like someone needs a potato ? 
  | person | infufferable | truly |, 
  | woman | yes | yes, 
  which is a good illustration of why opposing water charges means the lowest paid have to foot the bill . 
  sometimes i really wonder about our attitudes to drink in this country . 
  some sports have a drinking culture others do n't . 
  and this place is an undermoderated wankfest . 
   `` remove all whiny middle aged bitches and mental patients and the overall quality of this sub will increase over night . '', 
  holocaust deniers make similar claims . 
  not saying mao was directly to blame but the sheer volume of victims indicates a level of official indifference that suggests more sinister motives . 
  you lost . 
  i did a bit of digging after i saw this :, 
  * `` some results may have been removed under data protection law in europe . 
  learn more '' *, 
  when i googled `` shane fitzgerald knockduff '', 
  by comparing search results with from ireland with ones through an american vpn i found this was the result removed :, 
  someone went to the trouble of trying to hide this from irish search results . 
  i think i searched for shane fitzgerald originally . 
  sorry that was n't very clear . 
  the troll is strong in this one . 
  nice bike . 
  that bar tape is gon na be a dirt magnet though , 
  and it 's entirely unrelated to juvenile jokes about the subject in hand . 
  well no shit, 
  fair fucks internet stranger , 
  public interest . 
  but hey , go ahead shoot the messenger . 
  that wan has a gowl on her like a melted brunch, 
  what 's the minimum you can invest ? 
  ted was the intended target . 
  the sinn fein downvote cabal perhaps ? 
  fyi it 's likely another stock photo . 
  you have just learned how to read a headline . 
  big gold star !, 
  carrots = natural sweetness for your bolognese . 
  dice them small and thank me later fuck face . 
  mushrooms = extra meaty taste . 
  deny them from your sauce at your peril . 
  you win at bolognese . 
  half these cretins think bolognese is browned mince and ragu sauce . 
  chickpeas in indian curry = win . 
  never it 's just stupid clannish bullcrap . 
  i got about 4 punctures in a row on the same tyre until i figured out i was n't changing them correctly . 
  pay close attention that the tube is n't caught under the bead , there will be a noticeable bump in the tyre if it is . 
  make sure you put sufficient pressure in the tyre to prevent pinch flats . 
  it 's great a fine upstanding 100 % straight man like daniel is supporting this referendum . 
  how does one steal photos from facebook exactly ? 
  an examination of the tabloids is an examination of the dark heart of man . 
  well fine gael clearly have n't done much in return judging by the current housing crisis . 
  again , how does this constitute stealing them . 
  from what limited amount i 've read it is a sub critical assembly . 
  useful to study how nuclear reactions would proceed but designed so the reaction rate is subcritical ( k < 1 ), 
  proportional representation in the last uk election would have led to a tory / ukip coalition . 
  if you get a bill to the occupier you can just ignore it since under admiralty law such a concept does n't exist . 
  if you receive further letters just scrawl `` no consent , no contract '' and post them back . 
  preferably in feces . 
   over 250,000 people have emigrated since the economic crash . 
  sauce please . 
  also emigration figures adjusted for immigration are the ones you should be quoting . 
  pro-choice is the phrase your are looking for here . 
  join a club, 
  trivia : russian and soviet military planes have landed in shannon in the past . 
  also the press situation in russia has deteriorated in recent years . 
  the only outlets that have survived are ones that toe the kremlins line . 
  this is true of rt. 
  there 's a great argument for joining nato . 
  we 're so removed from any potential war zones that we 'd be spared the worst of any conflict . 
  at the same time we could get some sweet toys / funding from nato . 
  just ask politely to take a portrait ? 
  if they refuse just move on . 
  if its candid street photography in ireland this might be worth a watch : https://youtu.be/sadqw-nltte, 
  even though he 's in the uk a lot of the things he says still apply . 
  probably best to list media that he does n't have an interest in . 
  there is no way i 'm sitting through that entire video, 
  cool pic !, 
  as far as i 'm concerned lights are optional for cyclists * ducks *, 
  somebody here is shaddowbanned, 
  rte showed footage of a covered trolly being loaded on an ambulance and what looked like blood on the pavement . 
  irish media is defiantly not shying away from this stuff any more . 
  fine and/or imprisonment are also options the judge has . 
  reference to the free derry sign . 
  mount merrion could be considered the modern ground zero of west british and south dublin affluence . 
  not traditionally a nationalist stronghold .
