   i want this to be top of the irish sub reddit , that garda should have not have used force like that . 
  omg the hubris . 
  force should be proportional . 
  we do n't know what he was up to before he started resisting arrest . 
  that is really stupid . 
  down and thrashing around is different from down and cooperating . 
  i can smell the unwashed hippies from here . 
  more freeman bollocks . 
  i would dump your girlfriend . 
  her incessant negativity will only drag you down with her . 
  the claim that the jews control the financial system is a cornerstone of antisemitism . 
  just because you use the figleaf of `` zionist '' in the place of jew does n't mean it is n't anti-semetic . 
  you are assuming the op was the first to post it ? 
  just be aware you are funding film makers who are making a documentary of unknown quality about a fuel that may or may not be viable as an energy source . 
  it 's value as an objective source of knowledge is questionable since they openly admit they see it as a solution to our energy needs . 
  thorium reactors require more research . 
  this is n't it . 
  ** edit : ** to clarify . 
  thorium reactors exist and are very similar in operation to tradition reactors . 
  the molten salt type which much of the hype about thorium is about do not yet exist in a viable form . 
  there has been examples of experimental reactors ( molten salt ) running but it is still an unproven technology that in its current form is not practical for power generation . 
  the weapons proliferation argument is also nonsense since one of the earliest uses for thorium was breeder reactors for nuclear weapons fuel . 
  thorium may be abundant and cheap but the cost of the fuel is a small fraction of the cost of running a nuclear power plant . 
  finally the actual process that is claimed to be ultra efficient ( 90 % + burn of fuel ) and low waste is not yet feasible . 
  tl ; dr we can run thorium today with no real benefit over using uranium . 
  all the rest is unproven . 
  so will thorium reactor waste . 
  in many ways it is more hazardous to handle than uranium . 
  if you dispute this please read up on the thorium fuel cycle . 
  the same molten salt reactors that face huge engineering issues to be a viable power source ? 
  also the small issue that it was woefully inefficient . 
  modern reactors have mostly solved this issue . 
  pebble bed reactors are an example of a passively safe reactor . 
  we even have enough knowledge and data on older reactors to effectively manage the risks . 
  liquid salt reactor appear to be a safer design on the face of it but we do n't know for sure until they are built and tested and run . 
  they may introduce a whole host of safety concerns we are n't aware of . 
  you seem to be attacking everything about the jewish identity while being very careful to point you are not anti-semetic . 
  do you hate the state or the jews that elected them to represent their views ? 
  zionism , belief of a jewish homeland . 
  by definition the vast majority of jews in israel believe in this . 
  your whole tirade is inherently biased and you are using the fig leaf of anti-zionism to justify it . 
  i do n't believe that everyone who disagrees with israel is an anti-semite . 
  but i believe you are , even if you ca n't see it . 
  yes because everyone online who dares support israel is a jewish agent . 
  fuck off simpleton . 
  lookey here at this fancy pants using a semi-colon and terms like rational paradox . 
  i usually tell them i do n't believe in charity . 
  or that my social worker controls my bank account . 
  playing the man not the ball eh ? 
  change your shitty browser . 
  call me elitist , but any thing that stops every tom dick an harry maxing out their broadband connections ( and due to contention , mine ) is ok with me . 
  i miss the good old days when you required technical knowledge and effort to download stuff . 
  edit : lol downvotes you fucking sheep . 
  it 's working fine for me on chrome . 
  27.0.1453.94 ( windows 8 ) but chrome on fedora 18 works fine too . 
  different types of isotopes in the metal . 
  certain isotopes only exist in nature after the first nuclear tests . 
  we are certain they are from these tests because their half life is so short they would have long since decayed away naturally . 
  strontium-90 and cobalt-60 are two examples . 
  [ contention ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/contention_ratio ) . 
  it 's a fact of life for consumer broadband in ireland . 
  the copper coax is still shared among your neighbors . 
  some estates have one big daisy chain which ensures maximum contention . 
  upcs fibre network is still subject to contention on the last few meters of coax . 
  eircoms broadband still has contention and eicroms 's fiber might not be free from it depending on if they decide to penny pinch on installing correct capacity to handle the amount of connections to each cabinet . 
  plus about 5 people have it . 
  so you are talking out of your arse . 
  suck it . 
  it 's great they have installed computers in special schools . 
  a bit cranky today ? 
  did you get stuck in the toilet again ? 
  everyone gets tanked at home for cheap anyways . 
  i do n't think there would be much difference . 
  carry on, 
  unique man ,, 
  no problem here, 
  that ca n't be resolved, 
  insurance companies hate soft tops . 
  plus if it 's a 1.6 l i assuming it 's likely to be on the wrong side of 10 years which will be harder to get insured on . 
  suck it, 
  i 've no preference either way, 
  wrong , do have a clue about anything ? 
  the only fibre they have is the cable that connects the cabinet to their network . 
  the cable the comes in your house is still coax . 
  aka fibre to the cabinet . 
   upc network is fibre to the home, 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's copper / coax , the same thing that carries the tv signal . 
  provide proof for your daft assertion . 
  talk about pedantic . 
  it may be aluminium clad but it 's still a copper core . 
  no it is n't . 
  ordinarily i would call people like you a bigot but i 've had a traveler take a shit in my front garden . 
  these `` pro-life '' types seem very violent . 
  used parcel motel 3 times it 's a great service . 
  used flubbit once and it works quite well . 
  it could be the best thing that ever happened . 
  property in this country is still way over priced . 
  chrome on a proper operating system works . 
  a bit cranky today ?
