  battery powered angle grinder would probably do it.wouldnt be too difficult to carry . 
  this video is from a month ago ? 
  most of them seem to be cycling the same sort of city bike ? 
  what is it ? 
  personally i hope the greens can make a return from the wilderness . 
  i think they really got a raw deal after the last election . 
  i 'm guessing you are not his target market . 
  typically they are middle class , middle aged , sindo reading and slightly right of center . 
  there are quite a number of these people in south dublin . 
  they only had a handful of seats , they did n't get much of a say . 
  adobe used to sue people who used their trademark incorrectly . 
  that interview with mark furlong is class . 
  fair play to him . 
  and mysteriously this particular insult is n't recorded despite there being multiple cameras . 
  apparently delaney tried to deny it was him ( singing the rebel song ) :, 
  what a clown . 
  i think far more interesting than the use of the word bastard is the trojan horse comment :, 
   `` the point is to actually break these bastards , and what 's going to break them is equality . 
   that 's what 's going to break them . 
  equality . 
  who could be afraid of equality ? 
   who could be afraid of treating somebody the way you want to be treated ? 
   and that 's what we need to keep the focus on . 
   ** and that 's the trojan horse of the entire republican strategy : it 's to reach out to people on the basis of equality '' ** . 
  he seems to be suggesting the equality angle is just a cynical ploy . 
  as i said it 's the `` trojan horse '' comment . 
  it suggests a gift that is a cover for something more sinister . 
  it 's scary how much data they seem to have unfettered access to . 
  who watches over the security services to make sure it is n't used inappropriately ( ie . 
  not for stopping terrorism ) ? 
  new users , only post in sf threads . . 
  achill-hedge is very much still there . 
  it would probably be a massive job to remove it now . 
  blood tests are pretty routine . 
  as long as it does n't interfere with the patients treatment who cares ? 
  as a side issue , this is also a reason why we do n't have good statistics on alcohol related road deaths . 
   while you can say the greater good of you want , it 's certainly not in the patients interests, 
  of course it is n't in the patients interests to get prosecuted for drink driving . 
  but it 's certainly in the pubic interest . 
  the regular road deaths at pub and nightclub closing hours are n't a clue ? 
  * golf clap *, 
  paddy loves being bribed . 
  he still has n't figured out its his own money . 
  mugs game, 
  the media only report on homeless people dieing when it suits them . 
  approx 33 people died on the streets in 2013 . 
  with high rates of substance abuse and mental illness among homeless people i would probably say `` not favorably '', 
  engineer i know working for irish water had his phone smashed by a protester . 
  his friend in the car got a torn deltoid when another person tried to yank him out of the car through the window . 
  there is a hardline element involved in these protests that are not shy about throwing their weight around . 
  i wonder is it related that he backed out of bod 's autobiography halfway through ? 
  i believe , but might be wrong , kimmage was the one who backed out . 
  cycling at least has a robust blood and urine testing system . 
  there are still suspicions that the science is ahead of the tests but the system is there . 
  that is more that can be said for other sports . 
  people who follow cycling see the same team doctors associated with doping in cycling doing work with soccer and tennis stars , yet we are to believe these other sports are clean ? 
  see the fuentes case for example . 
  the suspicion of the current `` clean '' generation of tour riders is that their power output figures exceed the likes of armstrong and other known dopers . 
  it is n't just sky . 
  push button toilets . 
  looks like i 'm going to be subsidizing all you freeloaders . 
   rinse and repeat pretty much every day for a year and a half . 
  carrying a bit of extra weight by any chance ? 
  that 's done inception style genius shit right here . 
  gcn is almost exclusively roadie . 
  pity , i 'd love to see more mtb stuff . 
   anyone know if a person can buy a small house with a 20 % deposit then just sell it on in a couple of years and trade up to a bigger house with a remortgage ? 
  there is just the small matter of house prices needing to increase sufficiently to cover the mortgage you took out . 
  and of course it will have to cover your deposit too . . 
  if house prices decrease you have to cover the equity in the old house . 
  if the bank allows it they add the negative equity onto the new mortgage . 
  this still leave you without a deposit . 
  also you can only remortgage to 80 % of the value of the house . 
  if the value has fallen this is not an option . 
  i 'm in favour of water charges but i hope there is a huge turn out simply to ram home the point about what a cack handed mess the gov has made of irish water . 
  it 's a conspiracy . 
  i 'd love to get a historian 's opinion on this as thatcher was known to make a few of these sorts of outlandish threats in private . 
  for example :, 
  [ thatcher ` threatened to nuke argentina ' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/nov/22/books.france ), 
  it seems if you are a retired married couple you escaped most of the pain . 
  it suits the government to have this tubthumper as the face of the water protests . 
  his actual political appeal is very limited outside his populist posturing . 
  * golf clap *, 
  how do you feel about the fact that your campaign to boycott the house hold charge has resulted in penalties to those that followed your advice ? 
  you oppose metered water charges because you claim we already pay for it through general taxation . 
  our taxation system takes proportionally higher amount of tax off the lowest paid . 
  how do you reconcile that with your left wing polices ? 
   i know what you mean . 
  this is how / r/ireland treated this question . 
  totally hilarious , but i would n't want to be paul going up against an subreddit where a lot of the users do n't like him very much . 
  nothing wrong with not being liked . 
  he is a politician , this is the life he has chosen . 
  he is well able to dish out the militant rhetoric i 'm sure he is able to take the abuse . 
  you have to sell out your principals to enter a coalition government, 
  agree with both points . 
  one to watch . 
  pretty poor selection alright . 
  the good bikes rarely seem to make it on their flickr page for some reason . . 
  i see the shinners social media team is on over drive in / r/ireland, 
  its pretty blatant .
