  i 've stopped using the brown bin because i 'm in a terrace property and the only place i can store it is right under the windows . 
  the bin stinks , it attracts flies and pests and it seems like a health hazard . 
  the smaller one they give you for indoors stinks up the little kitchen and requires constant cleaning . 
  i can do without it . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  i 'm guessing these are failed film students if their lame explanation for this exploitative toss is to be believed . 
  perhaps for their next project they should explore the horrors of islam by burning a koran . 
  yeah, 
  clearly, 
  want to talk about it ? 
  russia state television attacks us policy shocker . 
  why the fuck are you welcoming him ? 
  your opinion is worthless and everyone loses a few iq points every time they read the absolute rubbish you type with your big ham fists . 
  sad to see how many professional footballers have these sort of problems when their career ends . 
  mcgrath will always be a fucking legend . 
  great we get to stump up even more fucking cash to retain such fantastic talent such as ryan tubridy and plank kenny . 
  i think we should take a leaf out of greece 's book and close it and only reopen it when it is swept clear of all the useless pricks that reside there . 
  does n't fucking work in incognito mode . 
  apparently . 
  fuck you, 
  so edgy !, 
  maybe you should go piss on someone else 's cornflakes you cunt . 
  educated people can have drinking problems too . 
  if they can stop cyclists breaking red lights and doing their best to end up on my bonnet i will be happy . 
  as a motorist i do n't really care too much about cyclists breaking pedestrian lights * if * there is nobody crossing . 
  however on my morning commute cyclists breaking traffic lights is a daily occurrence . 
  almost every week a cyclist breaks the red light when i am filtering onto the main road . 
  i 'm not always able to see them when they do this and the road is not wide enough to accommodate a car and bike . 
  it 's incredibly dangerous and i do n't think some cyclists appreciate that we ca n't see them at certain points when turning . 
  hence the word `` had '' in the title . 
  hence the past tense `` had '' in the subject . 
  as in `` had '' 1.5 billion of assets in boom time . 
   to whom are they going to sell the schools and hospitals ? 
  both have been sold in the past , there is no reason why they could n't again . . what is your fucking point ? 
  because the scenario is vague to the point of being meaningless . 
  the headline makes perfect sense to people who can actually read ; eg not you . 
  you really are an idiot . 
  better schools and or hospitals could be built by selling the old ones . 
  there are numerous examples of this happening . 
  but you prefer to take the full retard interpretation . 
  idiot, 
  we are giving the impression we are getting our finances in order but we really have n't made much progress . 
  [ revenue v expenditure graph ] ( http://i1292.photobucket.com/albums/b575/mymemes/dofdata_zpsd1606375.jpg ), 
  retard, 
  bank debt , poor control of public finances , wage agreements . . 
  sorry if my insults are too classy you fucking cunt . 
   tell me , who 's going to buy the hospitals and then provide the money for the better , new ones ? 
  the magic money tree !, 
  sell hospitals in prime locations and move them to cheaper land . 
  is that really hard to comprehend ? 
  do i need to fucking spell it out for you ? 
  tallaght hospital is a good example of this . 
  wesley college is an example of a school that did this . 
  there are many more . 
  if it 's money we have to spend , it 's public expenditure . 
  so that includes bank debt payments . 
  you are clearly incapable of reading and comprehending so i 'm not going to bother trying to explain it . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  perhaps you should stick to less mentally taxing activities like hugging radiators . 
  simpleton . 
  i wo n't waste my time , your are clearly retarded . 
  i 've lost nothing apart from your feeble brain . 
  cunt , 
  i did your mum for the leaving cert . 
  i was n't aware she was retarded, 
  cunt , 
  i 'm treating you like the worthless poster you are . 
  it was n't hard . 
  you really are feeble minded . 
  the sindo 's default position is , and has been for some time , to attack fine gael and support fianna fail . 
  i could n't care much about either side but the sindo and it 's `` journalists '' are a joke . 
  even more so that the regular indo who at least try on occasion to be a normal paper . 
  youth unemployment ? 
  emigration ? 
   past that point it is n't really justice , just revenge . 
  adequate punishment for a crime is justice . 
  3 years in this case is a fucking joke . 
  they have spent millions on this drill then capped the well . 
  not exactingly a ringing endorsement of the hype surrounding these oil fields . 
  dude a a bit of common sense . . 
  if what you say is true you have n't made it hard for them to figure out who you are . 
  i love the colours in that photo . 
  really captures the beautiful gloom . 
  how does one report damage to these sites by current owners ? 
  use google chrome . 
  it has it 's own flash engine built in . 
  use the open sores version . 
  chromium !, 
  yes because no one has caught an sti from a prostitute . 
  that 's so unbelievable . 
  every time i find myself getting into a dumb argument in this place i look at the pictures from the previous / r/ireland meetups chuckle to myself and go for a nice walk . 
  what makes it even more amazing is that he outpaced so many known dopers !, 
  i 've never worked in a fast food place but i like ice in my drinks . 
  i hope this helps . 
  fuck off back to the commune you fucking crusties . 
  that was a very stupid thing to do . 
  in future put it somewhere safe . 
  learn a lesson and move on . 
   irish army templars,
