  you have to wonder how much of their focus is on the fusion power goal when the funding of nuclear weapons r&d and life extension is so politically unpalatable . 
  life extension . 
  most of these weapons are over 20 years old . 
  their initial designs are over 40 years old in some cases . 
  that headline must be one of the biggest press cliches of this recession . 
  if he didnt change his diet when he became immobile that is a sure fire way to pack on the pounds . 
  the cheapest fillets are that reformed pink goo stuff thats tarted up to look like a real chicken breast . 
  they can fake the real chicken texture . 
  the bread costs fuck all . 
  its junk food of questionable nutritional value and you are delighted that you are paying $ 2 for it . . 
  jeeze man i think you need to talk to someone . 
  the evil bank held them down and forced them to buy a house  :(, 
  tds used to virtually give them to any people that asked for them a few years ago . 
  another example of the celtic tiger excesses . 
  most people do n't care about the middle east . 
  there is a vocal minority on the left who hate everything to do with israel . 
  i assume he is referring to socalism 's less than stellar record in human rights , feeding its people and war . 
  perhaps look into more socially acceptable ways of harming yourself ? 
   oh paddy power , what will you do next ? 
  probably more publicity stunts . 
  most of that price would be shipping the heavy turf to the us in the first place so they are probably not making huge money on it . 
  the story and more pics here : http://www.boards.ie/vbulletin/showthread.php?p=66466489, 
   i could n't guarantee i would n't fly into a frenzy and kill every single one of those kids . 
  would that be before or after you were `` dragged to the ground and severely beaten '' ? 
  no way !, 
  butter burns at way too low a temperature . 
  you want a really hot pan to get a nice sear on the steak . 
  still too low !, 
  get an oil with a higher smoke point . 
  put your steak on the ( preferably ) cast iron pan when the oil starts to smoke . 
  if you like the butter flavor put some in there when it 's nearly cooked . 
  we should be welcoming the introduction of new reactors because many of the ones they are replacing are old designs which are approaching the end of their useful lives . 
  let it stick . 
  seriously , do n't move it for at least a minute . 
  it will free itself . 
  there are n't enough badass memes in the world for this internet tough guy . 
  blank your face out . 
  you do n't seem to understand irony . 
   its under my name, 
  you are screwed . 
  socialism is great until you actually start earning money and seeing it pissed away by the government . 
  i can just see him adjusting his fedora as he whips his camera out . 
  any quarter sticks lad ? 
  you know why the grey vote brings down governments . 
  they vote . 
  you know why under 30s get shafted ? 
  they generally do n't . 
  does anyone know if you have to ring them to get your speed upgraded ? 
  i think you will find the t+c s have the speed listed as `` up to '' 200mb . 
  the design of docsis cable networks means that there is often contention in the last bit of copper in your estate or street . 
  you essentially share the bandwidth available with some of your neighbors . 
  depending on how they run it this can be a handful or a lot . 
  if you have a few people on your street using a lot of bandwidth your connection speed will suffer . 
  the hosts were infuriating . 
  good guy appletart . 
  use some rubber piping and a funnel to send a few days worth of urine into her apartment . 
  there are no invitations sent . 
  there was no sponsor in place in time for elite runners to plan to attend . 
  they need funding in place to get them here for prize money etc. 
  they only got airtricity at the last minute hence no elite runners . 
  i hit report under your comment . 
  did i do it right ? 
  fukishima 's reactor was a design dating from the 1960s . 
  even then it took a massive natural disaster to cause problems . 
  modern reactors are so much safer . 
  nuclear fuel is incredibly energy dense . 
  compared to the amount of energy it produces the amount of waste is small compared to say a coal burning plant . 
  organizations like greenpeace have n't helped matters by including nuclear energy under their original anti nuclear weapons remit . 
  i do n't think being against nuclear weapons and pro nuclear energy are incompatible aspirations . 
  indeed from a climate change perspective nuclear energy appears to be a good solution . 
  all of the proposed sites have had issues and concerns . 
  just build the damn thing already . 
  most of those can be accounted for by google analyitics , the comments engine and the various social network buttons . 
  some of those are advertising widgets in the bottom . 
  how is this any different to any other sites ? 
  it 's good for people like this to get outside for once . 
  relevant :, 
  i can picture you adjusting your fedora as you angrily mashed the keyboard . 
  i 'd say that was the most awkward protest ever . 
  at least irish production companies were getting some business out of it . 
  pity about the crap they were paid to do . 
  when has the youtube comment section been anything except entirely worthless ? 
  polonium-210 in cigarettes !, 
  the fuck did i just watch, 
  how many people will this change kill on our roads ? 
  because irish people can be many different races you fucking bigot . 
  keep it up . 
  casual racism is sooo funny . 
  i need to take a massive shit but my toilet wo n't flush . 
  this is very important to me . 
  it a push button toilet . 
  aka the worst invention ever . 
  the cistern is n't filling water just dribbles straight into the bowl . 
  measures may have to be taken . 
  thank you . 
  mission accomplished !, 
  it symbolises two different things to two different cultures . 
  at some level most irish people would agree with honouring irish war verterns or dead . 
  but the poppy has become to some people a symbol of british misadventures and atrocities in ireland and abroad . 
  most retarded bot ever,
