  how many strip clubs have you been to ? 
  `` for evidence '', 
   it was originally supposed to be just 3 nights, 
  and those three nights still exceeded what was agreed with the residents . 
  aiken is entirely to blame for this mess . 
  only hitler interferes with himself . 
  litterally hitler, 
   help . 
  what do to stop fix this ? 
  keep doing stupid stuff . 
  darwin will eventually solve the problem . 
  the reason the bins were privatized was that the council wanted shot of it . 
  the collection fees did n't cover the costs of the bin collection service . 
  privatizing it got it off their books and stopped them ( and us ) having to subsidize it . 
  seems like good value . 
  to each their own . 
  no way !, 
  panic stations . 
  there once was a man called michael finigan ,, 
  he grew whiskers on his chin again . 
  the wind came out and blew them in again , poor old michael finigan . . 
  begin again !, 
   speaking exclusively to independent.ie today , the father-of-four now says he `` deeply regrets '' lodging the injunction . 
   mr duff confirmed that he will withdraw the legal proceedings and appealed for the us singer to perform the five concerts later this month . 
   the proceedings , lodged in the high court on monday , were aimed at blocking all five of the gigs from taking place . 
  what sort of message does this send out to people who issue these threats ? 
  also from til . 
  we are violent , potato eating , leprechaun fancying , church loving pissheads . 
   worst job in irish politics, 
  is it really though . . lets look at some past ministers for health :, 
  charles haughey 1977 - was taoiseach 3 times afterwards, 
  brendan howlin 1993 - did career no harm . 
  michael noonan 1994 - became leader of fine gael , leader of opposition and later minister for finance, 
  mary o'rourke 1991 - one of the most popular politicians in the country . 
  brian cowen 1997 - later held other ministries including taoiseach, 
  miche\u00e1l martin 2000 - held numerous cabinet roles since and now leader of the opposition despite presiding over a disastrous creation of the hse, 
  health provides a lot of emotive problems that are not necessarily any harder than other departments but a good minister can make a name for themselves . 
   although it did damage noonan, 
  not very much it seems since he has one of the most powerful jobs in irish politics at the moment . 
  michael martin far from leaving it alone presided over the merging of all the old health boards without removing any duplication . 
  he is probably the person most to blame for the inefficiencies , overstafffing and organizational problems in the hse . 
  yet here he is sitting pretty as leader of the opposition and a good bet for next taoiseach . 
  there are lots of landmines in health but politics is n't about what problems occur , it 's about how they are handled . 
  a good politician can make their name in health . 
  just be sensible about it and swallow them in a condom . 
  bring laxatives , an enema and some wet wipes for after . 
  [ the reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqmbxvn2rni ), 
  and not a sniff in the papers about hamas targeting the dimona nuclear reactor with rockets . 
  israel are on the receiving end of these rockets launched from built up areas on a daily basis and they are expected to do nothing ? 
  dimona is an active reactor consequences of a direct hit could be disastrous for the whole region . 
  sense has prevailed up to now but this is a worrying new trend . 
  egypt tried to broker a ceasfire with hamas and israel but it was hamas that pulled the plug so please check your facts . 
  hamas has continued to provoke israel little response up until now . . 
  it looks like a ground war is on the cards . 
   no israel has continued to provoke the palestinians by continuing to expand its settlements . 
  edit : i should say the israeli military industrial complex , instead of israel , as it is not fair to blame all israeli for what is happening , some have gone to jail rather then be complicit in the continued annexation of the west bank , east jerusalem and the gaza strip, 
  you do n't know what you talking about . 
  you have got this backwards . 
  the overwhelming majority of israelis are in favour of military action . 
  the kidnappings and the rocket attacks have hardened israeli opinion on intervention . 
  there is huge pressure from within on the leadership to act . 
  and huge external pressure for them not to . 
  are you 8 years old ? 
  wow you have it all figured out . 
  so thousand of years of conflict and differing territorial claims are all the responsibility of current israeli foreign policy . 
  you make it sound so simple and uncomplicated !, 
  you are n't a cunt . 
  * hugs *, 
   israelis claim they have a divine right to the holy land as they are ` gods chosen people ' . 
  it 's worth pointing out that all the abrahamic religions ( christianity , judaism and islam ) have similar claims to the land in the middle east . 
  it 's part of what has made the middle east question so intractable . 
  syria has no simplistic comparisons to irish history like the israel/palestine conflict therefore irish people are not interested . 
  film ? 
  if you go back far enough , everyone has a claim to that land . 
   and all land , ultimately . 
  these claims are pretty meaningless though compared to palestinian families who own deeds to their houses , and even still have the keys to the doors of their houses , where israelis now live . 
  like so many displaced people around the world , war is the instrument that nullifies such claims . 
  a piece of paper is meaningless when the authority that enforces it has been removed . 
  you forgot the part when egypt is involved in this so called blockade . 
  they share a border with gaza yet do nothing to improve try improve their situation . 
  the border as of last year is competently closed . 
  it 's almost as if it suits them to keep the people of gaza living in misery . . 
  the key is to set achievable goals . 
  keep the head up mate . 
  this is one of the worst recessions since the great depression . 
  youth , all across europe , are the ones on the receiving end of it . 
   its not war , it 's an ongoing oppression of a people . 
  houses and land are still being stolen every day . 
  you seem to think this all happened in the 1940s . 
  of course it is n't war . 
  but the settlements and the unresolved question of the palestinian people are the direct result of several wars that rendered them stateless and without rights . 
  if he got out in 2001 he missed out on a shed load of cash . 
  the boom accelerated up until 2005/2006, 
  he missed the most bubbly part of it . 
  if you have access to a kitchen and can cook you could live very well on less than 10 a day . 
  this sucks . 
  you suck . 
  viking splash tour . 
  yes i 've been its good fun . 
  do n't expect the most enlightening or serious tour but it 's an interesting way to see the city .
