  if there were a referendum required to make sure murder was illegal , the pro murder side is required to have equal coverage . 
  hence dana spouting her fucking nonsense on every media outlet at the moment . 
  i hope you are using tor to post this . 
  throw away accounts are only minimal protection !, 
   i ca n't imagine the garda running around looking for lone plants . 
  they bust people for crumbs of hash if they want . 
  i remember reading a few year ago they brought someone to court for something like 0.01 of a gram they got out of the end of a smoked joint . 
  do n't assume they will never act because they have bigger fish to fry . 
  just doing their jobs . 
  it 's not their fault the law sucks . 
  before the internet people had access to things called books . 
  do n't quote me on this but i * think * they contained useful information . 
  misleading title . . nobody has ` forbidden ' this video . 
  lovely country . 
  lisbon and it 's surrounds are a great place to visit . 
  portugal is in an imf / eu program ( like my country ireland ) . 
  part of the this is a slash and burn of expenditure and raising of taxes to get the country 's fiscal house in order . 
  it sucks for portugal and us but ( at least in irelands case ) without imf and eu funds the austerity would be much harsher and more indiscriminate . 
  it 's not fair to exclusively blame germany . 
  fuck i missed it . 
  is there any point jumping into it if i have n't seen any of the previous seasons ? 
  search is your friend . 
  this has come up many times before :, 
  this is a terrible analogy . 
   i have written many assembly programs and many c programs . 
  and i do n't understand what would possess this man to program a video game in assembly . 
  modern compilers have rendered it obsolete * the was a time when virtually all games were coded in assembly for performance reasons . 
  these days optimizing compilers can write code that performs as good as and even better than asm . 
  \\* it is still used in very performance orientated optimizations but no where near as much as it used to be . 
  the oldest trick in the fucking book . 
  answer the question you would like to have been asked . 
  mean streets of dalky, 
  in that case there was no context . 
  in this the only people taking pictures were the protesters . 
  they are hardly going to show the gardai in a positive light after their protest is broken up . 
  please a bit of fucking cop on . 
  i do n't get it . 
  israel kill hamas ' leader and people are protesting against this ? 
  do they approve of hamas ' actions ? 
  i 'm no fan of israel but that guy was n't exactly a good person either . 
  the thing about sit down protests is gardai are allowed to use their batons to clear them . 
  they did this during the big student protest ( was it 2010 ? ), 
  and when td aengus \u00d3 snodaigh and other protesters did the same inside the dail grounds . 
  true . 
  if it 's the correct response in a given situation is entirely another question . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   young lads who had n't done a thing bar sit down on the road . 
  i 've seen people get arrested for this before at protests . 
  something to do with not clearing the road after being requested to do so . 
  hang on , have n't hamas been firing rockets all week before this ? 
   they broke a truce by doing so, 
   egypt had brokered a truce where both sides agreed not to attack unless attacked . 
   i 'm not going to try and defend any attack on civilians, 
  you seem to be contradicting yourself . 
  also :, 
  * edit * you are correct , i just read else where there was a truce organised just before they took that guy out . 
  fucking crusties . 
  there are no clean hands in this conflict on either side . 
  you have to be pretty sure the restaurant grind it themselves and prepare it separately to their other meat . 
  the have a unique advantage over many other armies in that they rarely get killed in combat . 
  port is apparently ok to eat undercooked these days . 
  and very tasty it is too . 
  why are you blaming him ? 
  it could be people in the hospital trying to cover their tracks . 
  do you think we should n't have an inquiry if he wo n't cooperate with it ? 
  according to kissingers biography by walter isaacson , nixons close aides and advisors singed many letters themselves . 
  they even in some cases authored entire corespondances and signed them as nixon without his knowlege . 
  there was nothing untoward about this , he effectively delegated aspects of running the presidency to his aides . 
  fuck you , who do you think you are standing up for others ? 
  fuck you , who are you to attack people who highlight other people standing up for others ? 
  fuck you , you are the cancer that is killing reddit . 
  i 'd rather live next door to a modern nuclear power plant than a coal fired plant . 
  the amount of fud surrounding nuclear power is incredible . 
  only on the condition that all of his government are shorter than him so he looks the tallest for once . 
  i do n't recall shatter being right twice today . 
  tl ; dr : she has some mental issues . 
  and some aiming issues . 
  scumbag dubliner , likely northsider . 
  where is my fucking tinfoil hat . 
  fianna fail td who jumped ship as soon as the their chickens came home to roost . 
  sign up to facebook with a throw away yahoo mail a/c . 
  troll youth defense . 
  you are like an abused spouse of wealthy and powerful business figure . 
  you like to think you have power and influence due to your position and are willing to tolerate mistreatment and compromise your principals because of it . 
  but in reality you you have little of both and are simply in it for the nice lifestyle and the prestige . 
  welcome to the internet hate machine . 
  you suck at pr . 
  blame fg for the bad stuff , take the credit for the good stuff then explain compromises are made in coalition governments . 
  if all else fails blame fianna fail . 
  easy peasey . 
  read the case and tell me you still believe this . 
  this scumbag has 26 yes , 26 previous convictions at the age of 36 . 
  there is a case for rehabilitation in some cases but this not it . 
  he has 26 previous convictions . 
  at what point do we stop giving him more chances ? 
  maybe his next victim will be impressed he can quote shakespeare . 
  -6 downvotes . 
  really reddit ? 
  instead of playing word games answer this . 
  do you think a violent rapist should be given time off in attempt to rehabilitate him when he has 26 previous convictions ?
