  more like shitehawk . 
  generally knacker = scumbag . 
  but sometimes it is a pejorative for traveler . 
  good job downvoting all the comments you do n't like in the screenshot . 
  connolly station is about the worst place in dublin to lock your bike up except maybe further up talbot st. 
  im not a lawyer but i believe debt collectors powers are useless if you tell them you are a soverign person and refuse to recognise them . 
  youtube tells me so . 
  in the uk they are as big if not bigger boozers than ourselves . 
  the uk tried the 24hr pub idea and in many areas are rowing back from it . 
  the problem seems to be not the opening hours but the culture of getting sloshed for a night out . 
  it does n't happen in other european cities not because they have later opening hours but because for most people going out at night it is not about getting pissed . 
  `` sources '', 
  `` sources '' close to diageo who spoke privately . 
  he is fond of the waffle i 'll give him that . 
  life pro tip : do n't ever read the comments section, 
  if they have such a bloody long lease who is the landlord ? 
  on a scale of 1 to stupid you dont rate very good . 
  running normal commands as root makes baby jesus cry . 
  i 've heard of ground rents . 
  while nearly gone now a good swath of dublin paid ground rents to old british landlords a few decades ago . 
  i 'm open to correction but it 's basically it 's a no/low carb diet . 
  my bad i thought it was traceroute, 
   paris-traceroute, 
  duly noted !, 
  what distro you running ? 
  i keep chopping and changing . 
  last one was opensuse current one is the rawhide version of fedora ( not recommended for a stable system ), 
  is it too much to ask that people who ca n't afford their mortgage leave their houses ? 
  i 've been renting for the past 10 years and i expect to be renting for many more . 
  if i do n't pay my rent i am out on my ear . 
  screams student house . 
  also enjoy your [ toxoplasmosis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toxoplasmosis ) ladies . 
  you will live a much happier life avoiding the comments section . 
  about 10 years ago . . 
  i 'm sure a different historian might give a different opinion . 
  that guy seems quite happy to gloss over some of the nastier sides to ch\u00e9 . 
  doubt it since small offenses like this typically go in the courts poor box . 
  the cost of processing simple possession from garda detection , processing , prosecution and court time must be in the thousands . 
  an absolute waste . 
  repeating `` facts '' like this does no favors to the pro legalization argument . 
  i find it very hard to believe that another substance burned ( at a higher temp ) , of variable quality and taken into the lungs like tobacco is free from all the lung related problems that tobacco causes . 
  it 's not a new phenomenon http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternal_september, 
  i ca n't believe you think choosing mao to justify your argument was a good idea . 
  [ he killed approx 45 million people ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/news/maos-great-leap-forward-killed-45-million-in-four-years-2081630.html ) !, 
  lol, 
  holy fuck . 
  dat bar bend . . 
  brendan o'connor . . gobshite . 
  plot twist : gregbot is greg . 
  there are trolls the whole way down . 
  fair city ? 
  more like , fair shitty . 
  temple bar is the anus of dublin at pub closing time . 
  according to this short out of context video clip . 
  who knows what went on before hand . 
  obviously something since the video taker deemed it worthy to start recording . 
  deficit , lack of action on arrears , economy in the toilet , banks still in rag order , youth unemployment and worst of all my road is still in shite . 
  most retarded bot ever . 
  theres lots of valid reasons to hate adams and sinn fein . 
  this is not one of them . 
  the fold out bed in the main room is one you do n't see too often . 
  it 's hilarious how much people will pay to live in grimy flatland type apartments in ranelagh . 
  ranelagh it has a mix of people living there but it is a sought after address . 
  serious lack of actual information here . 
  fuck off you bigot . 
  its alpha decay too so realisticly it would have to be breathed in or eaten to cause any serious problems . 
  plenty of cheaper inner-suburbs than ranelagh . 
  do n't be so daft . 
  ranelagh is the most expensive inner subburb for renting on the south side except for ballsbridge . 
  indo playing silly buggers with the headline . 
  what gilmore actually said was `` i intend to complete my term as leader of the labour party '' . 
  no mention of the question he was asked when he said that . 
  most traditional bedsits are now illegal . 
  supply as a result is way down . 
  after god knows how many years of this terrible talent show why are people still surprised that ugly people sing ? 
  go fuck yourself pal . 
  we need a gregbotbot to follow gregbot around and explain as much . 
  there wo n't be any meaningful reform , just fudge . 
  real reform requires giving power to the seanad and removing some from the dail . 
  for instance losing the ruling parties built in majority in the seanad by allowing elections to decide it 's members . 
  there is no real appetite for that . 
  i think he was probably trying to avoid it turning into a referendum on this government . 
  however , from an early stage the no side personalised it by calling it his referendum his solo run etc. 
  i would say a healthy portion of the no side were just casting an anti government vote . 
  they can force an election by passing a motion of no confidence . 
  but yes 3 line whips are an overused to prevent any dissent on the government side . 
  seriously numbskull you have been trolled . 
  ignore those idiots they are just trying to make the bitcoin movement look stupid . 
  thermos said this ? 
  source ? 
  some sloppy admin shit right there . 
  it 's easy to blame the attackers but he is essentially admitting bringing the server back up for nearly two years without fixing the problem , securing it properly or knowing it was further compromised . . 
  quit trying to rantionalise it just give the bastards up !, 
  it was mainly eirigi protesters . 
  fuck those guys . 
  prostitute yourself . 
  this !, 
  although weapons are not their entire focus , even though their genisis was a weapons lab . 
  livermores last big round of funding was achieved by promising the testing of the ageing nuclear arsenal and making progress in inertial confinement fusion . 
  they seem to have completed the first program but not the second .
