  it was rushed through the dail with little debate . 
  by the time the real figures and facts emerged it was too late . 
  i do n't have the figures to hand , the but between operations rolling thunder and linebacker 1 and 2 there was record amounts of ordinance dropped on vietnam . 
  how was more bombing going to work ? 
  we can see from the video that they were intent on causing him harm , sure is he entitled to defend himself but where should we draw the line ? 
  at one point he appears to be beating them while they are on the ground with a metal rod . 
  is that proportional to the aggression he faced ? 
  when you are defending yourself do you have to respond proportionally ? 
  i 'm more worried about the damp and potential mold problems . 
  respiratory problems for the win !, 
  the fucking personal insolvency legislation is supposed to deal with this . 
  if the ejits ever pass it . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with taking houses off people or allowing them to give them up if they can be cleared of their debt . 
  it 's the only way to purge our rotten banks of the big remaining problem , mortgage arrears . 
  your ma . 
  ironic in that much the same happens when you * successfully * complete an arts degree . 
  i do n't give a fuck about the middle east . 
  which `` android version '' ? 
  there are hundreds of android devices and many different versions of android . 
  what fucking morons packed their bags ? 
   amazing service , and in doing so take apart their competition . 
  judging by the number of carriers that went to the wall over the last 10 years no one wants amazing service anymore , or at least they do n't want to have to pay for it . 
  flying has become like getting the bus . 
  if that means i do n't have to sell a kidney to fly away for a weekender , i 'm fucking ok with that . 
  they specifically say they do n't provide connecting flights !, 
  they specifically say if you go over the weight limit you will be charged !, 
  every problem you have mentioned is one of your own making . 
  my last job i was involved with booking flights for people in the company . 
  even considering the extra charges , aer lingus was more expensive the vast majority of times i checked . 
  ryan air is fine if you want to get from a to b and are prepared to jump through o'leary 's hoops . 
  yeah only 27 to go until they loose their majority . 
  i 'm sure they will * really * panic when it 's 26 . 
  he sounds more south african than russian . 
  arrest who ? 
  my family opened up a few poor houses and made a killing on land . 
  interesting that muscovites consider moscow to be in europe . 
  such is the logic of the loony left . 
  a blind eye is turned to the various hellholes around the world but once the usa steps out of line they grab their plo scarves and hit the streets . 
  greyhound are a bloody shambles . 
  avoid this company like the plague . 
  who cares where the weapons come from if they are a good deal and do what they are supposed to do . 
  yours is hardly the most fucking constructive either . 
  at least i was making a valid point . 
  so what we are looking for is ethical arms manufacturers ? 
  call me crazy but i think that will be a tough ask . 
  i would argue those supplying the weapons fueling industrial scale murder in congo would take that prize . 
  or those supplying assad 's military . 
  the middle east is small potatoes compared to other atrocities around the world . 
  maybe we should merge / r/ireland and / r/israel, 
  i was cringing so hard i had to watch it a little at a time . 
  what the fuck does this have to do with ireland ? 
  minimal fallout * since there would be no debris sucked up into the explosion . 
  probably limited to the radiation from the initial fission . 
  * im not a nuclear physicist, 
  these are absolutely the worst rental units in the country and the sooner they are gone the better . 
  why ? 
  a thing called pre-63 ' designation . 
  basically it was a rule that allowed landlords to ignore building , safety and fire regulations because a property was built before a certain time . 
  in essence it allowed landlords to turn old terraced family homes into multi-unit bedsits . 
  it allowed them to ignore regulations that are supposed to insure buildings are safe , habitable and provide a basic level of facilities for tenants . 
  an example near me in rathmines was a basic 2 up two down redbrick house with a small garden was turned into 10 cramped bedsits !, 
  ignore the landlord lobby , they are only trying to ensure they can squeeze as much money as possible out of their pokey shitholes . 
  reddit just copies it from elsewhere . 
  it does n't own any of the content it just fucking aggregates it in one place . 
  what is the final word on the amount of contamination in the area surrounding fukishima ? 
  how does it compare to other areas of high radiation around the world like chernobyl or [ ramsar in iran ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ramsar,_mazandaran#radioactivity ), 
  they were fighting over a comb, 
  yeah !, 
  what the fuck is your problem op ? 
  wp was used extensively in munitions in ww2 for fire bombing by both sides . 
  it has been used in almost every major conflict since in different capacities . 
  it is used by almost every nation . 
  you appear to have personal issues about women . 
  fuck you , this meme sucks . 
  you suck . 
  it 's the curse of reddit . 
  as subreddits get bigger they seem to devolve into collections of simple memes , in jokes and circle jerks . 
  [ a good explanation here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/vqy9y/dear_circlebrokers_what_changes_would_you_make_to/c56x55f ), 
  just a friendly word of caution if you are in ireland you will be subject to irish libel laws . 
  american redditers got away with posting stuff like this because their libel laws are very weak compared to ours . 
  none of those things are impossible if you have deep pockets like ganley has . 
  i 'd use tor to be fucking sure . 
  horse meat is processed in plants in this country for export mainly france . 
  it 's as regulated as beef is . 
  yeah we all heard about that case at the time . 
  not so much about the coroners report a year later that stated she was taking prescription drugs that likely contributed to [ her death by misadventure . 
  ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/rachel-peavoy-dublin-city-council-coroner-heating-ballymun-hypothermia-116922-apr2011/ ), 
  i swear there is cocaine in those o'donnells crisps . 
  look pretty sweet for gnome :p, 
  vincent browne recently called israel a cancer . 
  is it really any surprise his website rows in behind the ipsc ? 
  i can develop apps but unfortunately they all contain horses . 
  i hope this helps . 
  paddy does n't miss a trick . 
  you seem a bit culturally sensitive . 
  i believe there is a cream for that !, 
  i 'm so rabidly anti-gnome i barely know what it looks like these days . 
  just to preface , i love lisbon and i have been 4 times in the last few years ( and plan on going back this year ) the city while a lovely place to visit and go out in is notorious for petty crime and confidence tricksters . 
  do n't bother with people on the streets trying to sell you drugs , many times they will do a switch or otherwise rip you off .
