  i could n't give a fuck about your community . 
  i will never vote for them . 
  no idiot , i vote independent . 
  do n't be under any illusions . 
  a no vote is a no to reform . 
  why would the ruling party dilute their power by potentially losing control of the seanead ? 
  sorry i 've better things to be doing than arguing with simpletons like you all weekend . 
  boards ! = afterhours . 
  i go to reddit to waste some time . 
  i go to boards if i 'm looking for useful information . 
  every comment or story on reddit that does n't fall into what the retarded hive mind likes gets down voted to oblivion . 
  you can see how this can limit what info for you actually get if you rely on reddit for all your news . 
  just look at / r/politics or / r/worldnews . 
  he knows he is retarded . 
  not many people know that . 
  hardware devs and people doing a lot of native code are the main people who will have to worry about it . 
  a small subset really . 
  the android framework is designed to handle many different architectures . 
  i think you have an agenda . 
  usually there is some knob head between you and the distribution box that wo n't give upc permission to run cable through their property . 
  shag all you can do really . 
  ignatius-ravioli this is the dumbest advice in the world . 
  this is a contract the op signed up for and he ca n't unilaterally refuse to pay without consequence . 
  they can fuck your credit rating up and possibly register a judgment against you in court . 
  op ring them and plead your case hopefully they will let you away with it . 
  * dumb advice alert *, 
  great advice you dope . 
  enjoy renting for the rest of your life . 
   sue away michael , sue away . 
  as long as you can prove it you have nothing to worry about ? 
  i 'm guessing they suspect their competitors are behind it . 
  it 's probably their employees too . 
  there is lots of internal bad blood in ryanair with their pilots trying to organize a trade union and management trying to stop it . 
  it 's one of the safest airlines in the world on paper with no serious incidents , but it is quite a new airline that has only been flying modern aircraft . 
  it 's under mid table here :, 
  but ranks 5th for safety when compared with the other big 10 ( by passengers carried ) . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world's_largest_airlines ), 
  cancer has a bigger impact on the poor too . 
  speedos can be out by as much as 10 % . 
  what you perceived to be 90 could be about 80 . 
  possibly a reason why the guy behind you was so irate . 
  its dumb people like you that end up being road rage statistics, 
  brand new cars do this out of the factory . 
  my car reads 115 when according to the gps it is doing 100 !, 
  the guy was an ass behind you no doubt . 
  how nice of you to inconvenience everyone else on the road . 
  maybe do the sensible thing and get out of the overtaking lane and or let other people pass you rather than potentially causing an accident ? 
  i 'm glad idiot drivers like you stick to rural roads . 
  i 'm not sure about medical cards , but i have a paypal you can donate to !, 
  hope this helps . 
  kind of contradicting yourself there sport . 
  i 've never seen love \\ hate but i have very strong opinions about it . 
  it would be no different to how it currently stands . 
  i do n't know anything about tourism in ireland but i have 2 puppies for sale . 
  hth !, 
  apart from all the extra drunks on the street at kicking out time i feel much safer walking around dublin than i did 15 years ago . 
  i remember when street muggings with syringes were a thing and seemed very common . 
  junkies were n't as visible but they were more likely to rob you . 
  i was robbed myself on the haypenny bridge by a kid with a knife . 
  sorry i do n't eat in fast food places . 
  but i do know where to get a nice pair of leather shoes . 
  pm me if interested . 
  you are n't supposed to talk about that place publicly you cunt . 
  it was n't a joke you cunt . 
  how about do the research yourself you cunt . 
  that says more about you than it does the op . 
  i would give you my come back but i 'm waiting for your mum to cough it up . 
  every time there is a media story on reddit someone will proclaim how well read they are by referencing chomsky . 
  usual trick of baiting the gaurds and then howling police brutality when they respond . 
  of course they never video themselves . 
  nice soundbite . 
  any nuclear reactor can be made to breed plutonium . 
  the problem seems to be not that it ca n't be made but that it ca n't be made on an industrial scale that is required . 
  the reactors , separation and finishing plants that kept the nuclear arms race going by creating plutonium for the most part are mothballed or under going costly decommissioning . 
  an entire industry needs to be recreated to make it economical . 
  read the title numbnuts, 
  plutonium is also a better material for making nuclear weapons . 
  it has a smaller critical mass which allows weapons to be miniaturised . 
  it also has the advantage of being able to be chemically seperated . 
  the same infrastructure is needed for both . 
  you may laugh but many people have n't deleted their bebos . 
  i 'm not sure about proof of address but i have a cousin in spain if this is any help ? 
  well done you have been won over by the lowest common denominator of an argument . 
  have a cup of tea for yourself . 
  fly to belfast , take bus to dublin . 
  he cast doubt on the content of the article by attacking the record of the person who wrote it not any of the points he raised . 
  this is the very definition of ad hominem . 
  prove that i am wrong . 
  michael martin just wants to get his smug face on telly . 
  sinn fein surprised me most of all this time round by not adopting their usual oppose everything stance . 
  from what i can gather the benifit falls off with distance . 
  im guessing rural ireland is still screwed . 
  says who ? 
  your post reeks of bullshit . 
  still waiting arsehole . 
  down votes is ! = to being right or wrong . 
  the hive mind is retarded . 
  why do n't you go fuck yourself . 
  very clever vid . 
  hawkeye ?
