  are you still replying dullard ? 
  not at all , dullard . 
  both his tv and radio ratings are on a downward trajectory and money coming in from advertising revenue is down across the board . 
  sorry but tubs is n't worth it . 
  not really . 
  its a series of disjointed stories . 
  i preferred junkie personally . 
  lol someone 's been drinking the koolaid, 
  israel are probably hoping for further discord in syria as it will tighten their grip on the golan heights . 
  just remember the detectable levels of these isotopes is much much lower than the risk levels . 
  while traces of this isotope may have been detected worldwide this is more a testament to the incredibly sensitive detectors than an indication of risk involved . 
  i 've ticked almost all of those boxes , what do i win ? 
  something needs to be done to address suicides in this country . 
  sad story . 
  so brave !, 
  your bravery levels are off the scale . 
  i 've spend most of my adult life just ignoring them . 
  never had a problem . 
  yes let 's never forgive him for having his business fail . 
  what sort of asshole does that . 
  if i had a choice between a short bankruptcy and one of the most onerous ones in europe i would certainly do the same . 
  our bankruptcy regime is draconian . 
  small moves and no mention of the margin of error . 
  ( my pet hate ), 
  it 's a terrible idea . 
  it 's more easily avoided by creative accounting , can be avoided by becoming a tax exile , might cause a brain drain and might drive investment elsewhere . 
  frances experiences : http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/07/15/ar2006071501010.html, 
  way to read the article you dope . 
  che guevara was a brutal scumbag who cared little for the `` peons '' he was supposedly liberating . 
  his own book the motorcycle diaries takes the sheen off his image . 
  as for why the americans hate them , he was instrumental in bringing nuclear weapons to cuba and until the very last moments of the missile crisis was trying to get the soviets to launch them . 
  trying to start a global thermonuclear war is a good reason to hate a person . 
  edit :, 
  to those mindlessly down voting , read his book motorcycle diaries . 
   the reason why he wanted to launch those nuclear weapons was because it looked very likely that the americans would use theirs first , rendering the missiles in cuba useless . 
  there was nothing to suggest anything other than conventional attack from america on cuba . 
  after the crisis was over che had this to say :, 
  `` if the missiles had remained we would have used them against the very heart of america including new york . 
  we must never establish peaceful coexistence . 
  in this struggle to the death between two systems we must gain the ultimate victory '', 
  so he was prepared to let the whole world burn . 
  the man was an idiot . 
  both sides already had long range icbms capable of hitting each other during that time . 
  both were under threat of nuclear destruction . 
  it was an arms race.thankfully che never was let near the big red button . 
  it 's great being irish because we never get upset at anything ever . 
  and that has to go with this issue how ? 
  the only difference was the americans could have pounded the rubble more than the russians could . 
  both sides arsenals were sufficient to destroy each other many times over . 
  the american politicians probably were n't in much mood to talk when the cuban revolution wiped out many of their interests in cuba overnight . 
  castro was also in favor of launching the nukes . 
  so much so that the russians made efforts to ensure that the cubans had no control over them . 
  `` i propose the immediate launching of a nuclear strike on the united states . 
  the cuban people are prepared to sacrifice themselves for the cause of the destruction of imperialism and the victory of world revolution . '', 
  even if it meant cuba being wiped off the map along with most of the northern hemisphere . 
  nuts . 
  the soviets already had a nuclear deterrent ( although deterrence was not a concept used at the time ) in the form of long range icbms . 
  more than sufficient to destroy the us many times over . 
  that video does n't help your case . 
  fidel and che both wanted to launch preemptively . 
  russia were prepared to launch in the case of conventional air strike or invasion . 
  yeah when you over look all the innocent people he killed , or the political prisoners he executed . 
  to put it in his words :, 
  `` i really like killing '', 
  his book is full of this stuff . 
  i encourage those who see him as some sort of hero to actually read his book motorcycle diaries to see what he was actually like . 
  there is a beautiful irony with this post being heavily down voted . 
  he was a murderous idealist intent on installing authoritarian far left governments around the world . 
  his treatment of native populations was callous , his own men cruel and his political opponents murderous . 
  simply put he is a scumbag unworthy of adulation poured on him as if he were some sort of jesus figure to the left . 
  like all the political prisoners he murdered ? 
  i do n't have to be unbiased , i 'm making a point . 
  by that point in the war both sides had embraced area bombing as a tactic . 
  earlier conventional bombings on japanese cities had wiped out most civilian areas near legitimate targets . 
  the only difference was the scale of the destruction and the speed at which it occurred . 
  both hiroshima and nagasaki had legitimate targets but nuclear weapons were not discriminate in who they kill . 
  not really . 
  still coming down ? 
  fantastic analysis , retard . 
  page 7 . 
  fuck you very much . 
  normally i would agree but fuck clampers . 
  bluest_steel , are you a clamper ? 
  bunch of fucking gangsters . 
  clamping has little to do with regulations . 
  it has everything to do with coercing people to pay their outrageous fines . 
  if anything they compound the problem by immobilizing vehicles who do n't follow regulations . 
  private clappers operate in a legal limbo where they can extort money from unsuspecting motorists . 
  so yes fuck clampers . 
  cork city has abandoned clamping . 
  they figured out it was cheaper to fix their fines system than hiring a clamping company . 
  it has the handy side effect of not pissing off motorists . 
   do n't park on private property so , genius, 
  you have the intellect of a clamper . 
  i remember ( 80s ) their high profile members refusing to condemn the latest atrocities week after week . 
  i will never vote for them . 
  tripod , wide aperture , low iso , long exposure . 
  preferably a wide angle lens . 
   if they make mistakes you can pursue them with a civil action . 
  lol,
