  that cattle grid . . 
   demand all negative equity gets paid first, 
  eh what ? 
  why would they demand the negative equity paid unless you were selling . 
  do you mean arrears ? 
  i 'm going to bet money this is http://www.reddit.com/user/dancosgrave, 
  and that charming individual darren scully who is running for kildare county council after his racist remarks . 
  there was political pressure for him to not take the money but he was still entitled to receive it . 
  he gave his own money . 
   entitled by applying the letter of the law as opposed to the spirit . 
  yes , that 's how the law works . 
  a more determined financial wonk could tell you exactly what portion of that money would go to the bondholders if it were kept by the government . 
  he was forced to resign before the law was in force . 
  how is that a clerical error ? 
  legally he was entitled to it whatever you accept it or not . 
  as for morally offensive and hypocritical that is subjective . 
  it could be argued that giving it to charity was the morally correct thing to do . 
  i never said that . 
  i only made the point he was legally entitled to do so . 
  any other considerations are political ones . 
  mike browne on youtube is great for tutorials . 
  he makes it really easy to follow . 
  and here is me thinking at least some of the blame should lie with the idiots that made them . 
  i read something similar to this comment on [ thejournal ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/profile/56412/not-ecstasy-chemical-2487274/ ) a few years ago . 
  essentially the main precursors to ecstasy are now heavily controlled . 
  the new methods and precursors can make these dangerous compounds [ pma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/para-methoxyamphetamine ) or [ pmma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/para-methoxymethamphetamine ) if they are made incorrectly . 
  i think we could file this under law of unintended consequences . 
  no one in power decided they wanted to make dangerous drug analogues popular or make more well understood drugs like ecstasy prone to adulteration . 
  but their attempt at harm reduction , as they saw it ( remember some media panic a few years ago after [ leah betts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leah_betts ) died ) , has led to this situation . 
  ted knows where the bodies are buried . 
  disagree . 
  there are two more years to turn it around . 
  a rebounding economy and a few nice budgets and they could change their fortunes . 
  yeah agree with that . 
  gilmore has been an empty suit so far . 
   i also do n't want to be paying rent when i 'm 70 !, 
  the way things went in this country many people will be paying a mortgage on a property at age 70 that counting it 's real price after inflation will never be worth what they paid for it . 
  how is this any different to renting ? 
  part of me wants sinn fein to get in so their populist nonsense gets confronted by reality and economic hard truths . 
  that 's what happens in a country where we have [ pr-stv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single_transferable_vote ) . 
  we tend to get many political groupings and coalition governments . 
  broken election promises are inevitable in any government but especially ours because usually two or more political groupings have to come up with a program for government . 
  if you want a government that does n't `` lie to get into government '' you might want to move to another country . 
  ming got around 100 when he first started out . 
  got ta start somewhere !, 
  so apparently ripping people off with a multimillion dollar pump and dump scam qualifies him to lecture people on how to conduct business . 
  why is this conman being allowed to ride on the coattails of the movie ? 
  anyone can sell the biggest lump of shit if you allow them to do so fraudulently . 
  this guy has managed to build a new career out of a fictionalized account of his life when he was nothing more than a fraudster and a conman . 
  no jordan belfort was . 
  do n't get me wrong i enjoyed the movie . 
  but you have to separate truth from fiction . 
  belfort essentially wrote the screenplay since it was so faithful to his book . 
  you have to question his own interest in making him self look good and telling a story rather than the truth . 
  the long line of ordinary investors he robbed i think that tells enough about his character and honesty . 
   if anyone could sell as effectively as belfort , then he would n't be notable . 
  there is skill in getting strangers to believe in you , trust you , and hand over money to you , one which those in sales are desperate for . 
  he is only notable because he wrote the book on himself that was turned into a blockbuster movie . 
  there have been much bigger fraudsters and con-men on wall st. 
  anything you see in that movie including his sales prowess should be taken with a massive pinch of salt . 
  he is an inherently unreliable narrator . 
  i 'm sure he was notable at the time since he was making lots of money . 
  money that we know know was made by ripping off his investors . 
   you should admit the real reason you 've got an issue , because you do n't like what he did . 
  well du ` h. 
  the man is a scumbag . 
  when he was finished ripping off the ordinary investors he betrayed all his friends to save his own skin . 
  and he has n't paid anyone back even after promising he would do so ( and may even end up in jail for this . . ), 
  and he is conning people again by getting them to come to his seminars . 
  what a joke !, 
  if you can get upc do n't go to eircom . 
  even if your exchange has been upgraded to `` efibre '' it is still much slower than upc . 
  most of his victims are getting nothing . 
  most of the money he owes is a court fine of which only a small proportion is going to some of his victims . 
  not that he is paying all of that but that is another story . . 
   sounds like a contradiction to me . 
  let 's be honest , he 's an excellent ** salesman ** , and people want to emulate that . 
  you appear to be mis-spelling the word `` thief '' . 
  traumatic brain injuries are not fun either !, 
  because you are typically moving faster on a bike and falling from a greater height . 
  both of these mean greater kinetic energy involved in an accident . 
  it might be the difference between a bump on the head and having difficulty spelling your own name . 
  wrong . 
  shell sold their irish operations to topaz . 
  topaz is the result of a merger of shell ireland , statoil and other smaller players . 
  shell have no stake in the company any more . 
  the takeaway pizza like apache , dominos or 4 star are what i would call american style pizza . 
  lots of tasty processed toppings . 
  does the job very nice . 
  the other posher ones as you call them are more italian or neapolitan pizza style . 
  generally use traditional ingredients cooked in a very hot brick ovens sometimes woodfired . 
  these things are super hot and the pizza cooks really quickly and gives them a different taste and texture . 
  both pizzas have their place . 
  pizza is a lot like sex , even it 's bad it 's still really good . 
  nothing wrong with a bit of pride in where you live . 
  good job , he deleted the topic . 
  happy now ? 
  that may be true , but when i watch my favorite tv show it has one commercial break of 3 minutes . 
  suck it democracy . 
  $ 80 to listen to a pathological liar , lie to them .
