  do n't be so hard on them . 
  they have a shortened life of illness ahead of them . 
  that 's enough for them to be dealing with . 
  maybe you should do more to address the weakness in yourself that allowed you to become addicted rather than playing the victim . 
  your `` persecuted smokers '' routine is right out of the tobacco companies pr handbook . 
  touched a nerve ? 
  still buried in the anger phase of your addiction ? 
  it 's not hard to quit smoking . 
  i 've done it hundreds of times . 
  a work colleague got fined for leaving a plastic bag on the ground that he used to bring the bottles to the bank in . 
  sucks , but the general level of tidiness around these bottle bins has improved . 
  word got out that it is n't ok to leave cardboard and bags strewn around the area . 
  op you are the sacrificial lamb for litter enforcement , other people hear about what happened to you and it changes their behaviour . 
  you do n't have a leg to stand on unfortunately . 
  could you post the screenshot ? 
  that makes no sense . . 
  perhaps you should look at the front page of [rense.com ] ( http://www.rense.com/ ) before deciding to use it a source . 
   the sinn f\u00e9in meps are martina anderson , matt carthy and lynn boylan . 
  israel probably fears they are going to train hammas like the provos did with farc and eta . 
  reddit has gone downhill lately . 
   redditor for 19 hours, 
   i 'm greg . 
  this is my other troll account, 
  eh what, 
  edit : caught your ninja edit lol, 
  i think my posting is of a standard fitting this sub-reddit . 
  good to see you are still gainfully employed as hamas ' mouthpeice . 
  shame on you . 
  these same people are probably moaning about septic tank inspections . 
  not all irish are anti-semties . 
  anti-israel sentiment is however quite vocal and militant . 
  as for the syria conflict compared to gaza , why would journalists bother reporting from a war zone like syria . ? 
  it 's extremely hostile to western journalists . 
  journalism there is hard . 
  they might even have their head removed in front of a tv camera . 
  on the other hand , if they report on gaza they have regime that welcomes them with open arms . 
  they get access to all the hospitals and bomb sites they want by a leadership keen to use them for propaganda purposes . 
  when they are done there they nip back to israel and can get in a beach holiday while filing their report . 
  what sane war correspondent would choose syria over gaza ? 
  one dozy bint suffered burns attempting to burn an israeli flag . 
  with [ blood testing for athletics spotty at best ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/othersports/athletics/9647354/wada-says-there-is-no-blood-testing-for-epo-in-kenyas-big-training-centre-for-distance-runners.html ) and new undetectable designer variants of [ epo ] ( http://www.velonation.com/news/id/11385/anti-doping-scientist-warns-of-undetectable-epo-variants.aspx ) i doubt that this super human effort is n't assited by blood doping . 
  sorry for what ? 
  calling him a convicted rapist ? 
  was he not convicted of rape ? 
  what a fucking dope . 
  in fairness to ivan yeats he tends to give fine gaelers as much stick as the other parties . 
  he is out of politics a long time . 
  next step , 200km , 
  a gif that does n't look like it was filmed on a potato would be nice . 
  i bet you still wish that 's what you actually did when you replay the incident in your head . 
  i 'm guessing somewhere in the north inner city ? 
  turfing people in prison for not paying fines seems like a total waste of money as well as potentially putting people into the prison system who would never have been there otherwise . 
  why not either garnish their wages through the tax system or deduct their social welfare first then think about putting them in prison if that does n't work . 
   because they 've broken the law twice . 
  so what ? 
  our prison system is bursting at the seams . 
  there needs to be a more flexible response than straight away throwing them in jail . 
  imposing a larger fine and either garnishing their income or enforcing the fine through bailiffs is a much better option . 
  if that does n't work by all means throw them in the clink . 
  there seems to be a lack of awareness that people getting knocked out like this are getting a traumatic brain injury . 
  as well as carrying a risk of death , long lasting mental , emotional and physical injury can often result . 
  yeah do n't think we did n't see the referral link in there ya thieving fecker . 
  the names in the news report , its fair game . 
  because rent control does nothing to address the real problem of shortage of supply . 
  it does n't make property any easier to find . 
  in fact it makes it harder . 
  it would both encourage landlords to sell properties of which there is no prospect of greater return and discourage new properties entering for the same reason . 
   there is plenty of property outside of dublin , as in huge amounts , i realise that may be a no go as far as work is concerned for a lot of people , but people may need to consider it, 
  what difference does it make if the tenant has to live far from where they work for financial or property scarcity reasons ? 
  the real cause is the scarcity of property in the right places . 
   these types of landlords are the types were dont really need , there is a huge difference between making a profit , and making a killing . 
  landlords that want to make a killing are bad for society and the economy as a whole . 
  i agree . 
  so lets build more property to take the heat out of the market . 
  there is little evidence that there is much idle stock in dublin where the rental squeeze is being mostly felt . 
   denser accommodation is exactly what we dont want or need , high rise flats become ghettos in no time, 
  the ghettos will be in shanty towns soon if there is n't housing stock built . 
  good quality high rise accommodation is done all over the world . 
  we have a phobia of it in this country due to the poor job done in ballymun . 
  we need to build up not out to stop urban sprawl . 
   high rise family dwellings is never a good idea , and bad for quality of life, 
  this is true if you look at the apartment standards in this country . 
  other countries do this quite well . 
  ah you mean empty lots and unused land !, 
  yes i agree . 
  a mixture of penal taxes on unused development land and tax breaks on development could yield good results here . 
  that is quite the ambiguous tweet . 
  good old fashioned [ fud campaign ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fear,_uncertainty_and_doubt ) . 
  a court recently passed a pretty sweeping injunction to prevent harassment and intimidation against irish water installations . 
   judge mccarthy granted the company an injunction restraining the defendants , or anyone with knowledge of the court order , from assaulting , harassing , intimidating , endangering or otherwise unlawfully interfering with or obstructing workers lawfully installing meters in dublin city . 
  - see more at : http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/courts/temporary-court-injunction-granted-against-water-meter-protesters-30601021.html#sthash.mukafnos.dpuf, 
  were was this councillor protesting a few years ago when the bill was being prepared ? 
  how is it undemocratic ? 
  water charges protests attracted and continue to attract very few people . 
  they are n't representative of the wishes of the majority . 
  these sort of disruptive militant protests are not democratic . 
   the difference being we already pay for it so we are being charged twice , and you can be sure itll go private as soon as, 
  in theory it 's being paid for out of general taxation / local government . 
  in practice it 's been underfunded and neglected by local authorities . 
  when water charges come in the money is ring-fenced for the water infrastructure .
