  love the mental gymnastics people do to try justify it . 
  you included . 
  i hope you have no strong opinions on the issues of discrimination against irish people . . 
  they are people . 
  they are many individual people . 
  you ca n't seem to see this . . 
  enjoy your burger fatty, 
  postmarked, 
  if you are a betting man you will likely use any bullshit to justify loosing more money in the bookies . 
  get back in the saddle for a short ride !, 
  all things considered , [ the health benefits of cycling far outweigh the risks ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2920084/ ), 
  less cringey than i expected . 
  but still cringey . 
  itt : shinnerbot vote brigading . 
  mirror ? 
  so what ? 
  shock site link . 
  he ninja edited the link . 
  shoulda screenshotted it . . 
  * sack the board of irish water . 
  starting with john tierney . 
  hire competent replacements . 
  * force them to fix their communication strategy . 
  * rebrand - irish water is now toxic, 
  * try get the public back on side with metering by addressing pricing concerns . 
  * get them to publish a plan for water infrastructure improvements . 
  [ your bike appears to be upsidedown ] ( http://www.velominati.com/the-rules/#49 ), 
  and 5 instant shinnerbot down votes . 
  how predictable . 
  gambling is like a tax on stupidity . 
  we could n't afford to bailout the banks but that happened . 
  / r/sinnfein, 
  it 's both . 
  how many sinn fein/ira threads will we have in this week 's / r/ireland, 
  any `` knock out '' is a serious brain injury . 
  an b\u00e9al bocht has never gone away . 
  this is her second time to pull this sit in stunt . 
  anyone care to guess what was in the news when she did it the first time ? 
  news would be a heavy rainfall and enniscorthy not getting flooded . 
   in fairness i do n't see how hashtagging a current affairs topic is bullying . 
  it 's not a hash tag . 
  he is sending it to her twitter account with a mention . 
  probably not , but i 'm not sure you can assault them them to remove them . 
  ca n't other utilities companies enter your property ? 
  saw it on breaking news and seemed to be the longest video there . 
  might have more luck over at the boards cycling forum : http://www.boards.ie/vbulletin/forumdisplay.php?f=410, 
  i binge watched all their current videos one hungover saturday . 
  excellent stuff . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  the cycling forum is pretty good . 
  other parts , not so much . 
  excellent videos . 
  i wish more history programs were like this . 
  the scenes are a disgrace . 
  the government and irish water have made a rod for their own backs , however . 
  there is a lack of direction and leadership from the government . 
  irish water 's setup and operation has been a total cluster fuck . 
  in a properly functioning country john tierney would n't get a job cleaning the jacks after this shambles . 
  i say this all this as someone who is in favour of water metering . 
  good catch, 
  there are you dope :, 
  ninety6days is referring to the turnout in jobstown which was 16 % in the last election . 
  after creating chaos in jobstown he scoots back to his quiet home in blackrock . 
  he was probably safely back in his gaff in blackrock when he was finished playing the militant socialist for the day . 
  the lift does n't go to the top floor with that chap . 
  rekt, 
  if burton in jobstown did n't happen yesterday the guards might have been a bit more restrained . . 
  the po-po are taking no chances . 
  lots of worrying signs . 
  a growing number of the people that does n't trust the government , the police or the media . 
  a government that has invested a lot of political capital in ensuring irish water goes ahead and seems entirely incapable of getting people on board . 
  i really feel like the whole situation has a danger of spiraling out of control . 
  there is a question over how this was policed . 
  on one side gardai are entitled to clear the road by force . 
  they went with the softly softly approach like they normally do . 
  make no mistake , in many other europe countries this protest would have be dealt with by much more robust policing . 
  since they are going to be accused of brutality in any case by some sections of the of the water movement , why hold back ? 
  by not laying down a marker over what is an acceptable protest they possibly make it harder for them to deal with any of these disruptive protests in the future . 
  it 's really a lose lose for them . 
  it 's win/win for the `` peaceful protesters '', 
   i think irish people really like the idea of land , of having a physical patch of earth with nobody living above or below them . 
  if the rest of europe can do it , so can we . 
  it 's about creating quality high density housing and areas that people actually want to live in . 
  urban sprawl is unsustainable . 
  certain sections of protesters have been crying police brutality in almost every youtube video involving garda force . 
  the gaurds over reacted . 
  but she has to accept some level of responsibility for her actions . 
  they are all half mad from the miles of leaded pipes in the capital . 
  except that it was , albeit a tweet and a picture :, 
  to put this in context , in the case of plutonium most of the test subjects had terminal diseases and were expected to die . 
  they were given plutonium at suspected harmful doses which patients believed were to try cure them . 
  the sceintific basis of the experiment was extremely speculative and in some cases non existent . 
  the fact that there was a dual aim to test the toxicity of these substances and most of the patients were not given informed consent of the risks is the controversial aspect . 
  a handful of the patients survived their terminal illnesses and carried detectable levels of plutonium in their bodies until they died . 
  in some cases the terminal nature of their disease was incorrect . 
  in others they survived much longer than expected . 
  knowing what we know now about plutonium it is unlikely that this highly toxic substance helped them in anyway . 
  the thought of paul murphy being a kingmaker gives me the willies . 
  essentially they are saying by having charges so low we may fall foul of state aid rules because it has to be subsidized more than is allowed .
