  bag snatchers are really common in the tourist areas so the usual common sense precautions apply . 
  you are looking for a libertarian party which does n't really exist in this country . 
  reddit is great for wasting time . 
  for the most part ( generalizing a bit here ) most of reddits content is made to consume quickly and move on . 
  most of the default reddits are like this , / r/ireland is heading that way . 
  if you want anything more than that there are other websites that do it better . 
  reddit just aggregates the best stuff from them . 
  boards despite it 's heavy moderation is a place to find better discussions or more detailed content than reddit . 
  reddit ensures content and comments with the broadest appeal or instant gratification are most likely to be popular . 
  everyone moans about having a problem with prosecuting white collar crime in this country . 
  when they jail someone for a $ 1.6 fraud on the taxpayer there is outrage in the media . 
   not to mention that the tax he was avoiding was utterly absurd - over 200 % on garlic versus 9 % on other fruits and vegetables . 
  welcome to international trade agreements . 
  there are taxes and dutys on some products to protect local markets . 
  just because these taxes are ` utterly absurd ' does not mean they should be ignored by people defrauding the tax payer . 
  they 'd get 10 years according to the sentencing guidelines . 
  your momentum would remain at the buses momentum before the collision ( say 50km/h ) you would continue at that speed until you hit something either road or something in the bus . 
  even if the bus were sufficiently long that you landed on the floor you are still doing so with a rapid deceleration . 
  either way you are fucked . 
  presumably many of their sweets contain gelatin . . 
  which can come from many sources including horses . 
  who gives a fuck about israel ? 
  comedy answer : if you want a kde style interface why not just use kde, 
  visualize the human centipede with only one person . 
  irish person here . 
  the translation is hilariously bad . 
  fuck you junkies bastard, 
  that 's the point . 
  as long as he is n't identified to the general public and prejudice a triall . 
  kill . 
  with . 
  fire . 
  it 's from atomic journeys, 
  it 's by the same director . 
  well anyone one can play too . 
  considering boi shares were a few cents at one stage anyone could have bought them and turned a profit . 
  after i watched trinity i watched his other 3 atomic movies . 
  if you enjoyed trinity you will enjoy the others too . 
  it 's a relatively recent phenomenon . 
  my google-fu is failing me but surveys of unionists in ireland more identified themselves as irish before the troubles than after . 
  if i recall correctly the majority of unionists in ireland identified themselves as irish first before the troubles while virtually none do now . 
  my local gardai station is manned a few hours a day only 2 days a week . 
  i 'd bet there are loads more like it . 
  it will be absolutely no loss if it is closed . 
  if anything it could free the gardai that man it for a few extra hours a week . 
  even it if is n't great , fuck it at least they got a nice pay packet out of it for entertaining us with their previous episodes . 
  is this available for fedora 18 yet ? 
  some brilliant performances . 
  oh yeah nothing . 
  apart from the amount of money they collectively contribute to labour . 
  inex has a nice one too . 
  eircoms core network is all fiber . 
  the do supply fiber to business but the costs are prohibitive . 
  they did n't know the submarine had a nuclear torpedo . 
  just like they did n't know there were already functioning nuclear tipped icbms on cuba as well as tactical nuclear weapons . 
  the cuban missile crisis was so much more dangerous when viewed with the benefit of hindsight . 
  replying to save, 
   15 frames a second it is n't admissible in court, 
  sauce please . 
  crime call is direct evidence crappy 1 fps video recorded on a potato convicts people in court . 
  scroll down to the bottom of most comment threads in / r/ireland . 
  he is the one swimming in down votes . 
  linux runs nicely on the mbp if you ever decide to see the light again . 
  every piece of equipment between you and your destination increases latency very slightly . 
  so the answer is yes but a tiny amount ( typically measured in microseconds . ), 
  an explanation here if you are interested . 
  it depends on what you want from an os . 
  if you want something that is nicely polished but you must do everything apples way then it probably is the os for you . 
  for me that is n't a better os . 
  the lesson from norway ? 
  if you have huge oil reserves you can spend buckets of cash on comprehensive social programs . 
  as comprehensive as today ? 
  without $ 1 trillion of oil wealth . 
  give me a break . 
  poor choice of words . 
  * lots of irish people fought in world war two and they are still alive . 
  personally i 've no problem with non-irish veterans of this war getting the benefit of this . 
  * no one is asking irish people to . 
  however people living in england , especially public figures are expected to . 
  much like bowing to japanese people in japan or kissing as a greeting in france it 's a cultural thing you do n't * have * to play along but do n't expect it to be accepted . 
  * a weak argument perhaps . 
  the government at the time ( in britain ) was at war with germany . 
  you might say that the first unofficial dail held those beliefs but it was n't officially recognized and certainly was not in power . 
  * that is n't a view held by most british but it is a valid point . 
  * you can see a few poppies around the country when the time comes and i think more and more people are accepting of people wearing of it . 
  i certainly would never wear one but i do n't assume peoples motives for wearing them are to glorify the atrocities committed by the british in this country . 
  to blame israel solely for the problems in the middle east is entirely one sided and a gross simplification of the problems in the middle east . 
  vincent browne . 
  `` israel polarises the islamic community of the world against the rest of the world '' and also said that the creation of israel `` stole the land from the arabs '' . 
  the arab states are completely without blame in vinny 's rant . 
   you think that israel does not polarise the islamic community against the rest of the world ? 
  no it does n't in my opinion . 
   you think that there was no land taken from arabs during the creation of israel ? 
  it was `` taken '' from the defunct ottoman empire which crumbled after the first world war . 
  it was not stolen from anyone . 
  it was created by the league of nations and the un . 
  irish people love to draw comparisons between the two regions but they are so different any comparison is meaningless . 
  your comparison would only be valid if the scots had been in ulster as long if not longer that the native irish . 
   jew made up less than 1 % of the regions population for large portions of the time you are referencing . 
  * citation needed *,
