  pints are the killer . 
  alcohol is incredibly energy dense . 
  slightly better if you drink them with a diet mixer , but pure alcohol is quite energy dense . 
  approx 80 calories in one shot . 
  i 've lost a few stone recently and i get the same questions . 
  my theory is people need a new fad diet every time they try to lose weight since the last one `` did n't work '' . 
  the simple fact is if you consume less calories than you expend , you lose weight . 
  will power and sustained effort is required . 
  both of which of often lacking in fad diets . 
  and yes that means having a few less pints and a few more salads . 
  fascists . 
   oooh ... is it time for a game of * pointing out hypocrisy * already ? 
  fixed that for you . 
  not when they are repeatedly singled out and all the others are virtually ignored . 
  with 7 calories per gram , the number of calories in alcohol is second only after fat ( 9 cals/g ) . 
  [ sauce ] ( http://www.nutracheck.co.uk/calories/calories_in_alcohol/alcohol.html ), 
  i 'm talking about our domestic `` activists '', 
  that is n't my point at all as i explained in the other post . 
  fyi the majority in israel are in favour of military action . 
  the left in ireland is rabidly anti - israel particularly the republican element . 
  this is due to simplistic equating of the israel/palestine conflict to the irish question . 
  it 's simply information . 
  it 's not a case of hard liners in the israeli government setting the tone . 
  the israeli people were sick of the rocket attacks and kidnappings and no apparent response . 
  not joining in the anti - israel circlejerk is a down vote not matter how valid the point . 
  having talked to a few people that were in the leb i must say their opinions are much more balanced than most irish people . 
  they were at the coal face , they knew what both sides were capable of . 
  it 's not as simple as painting one side as the boogie man . 
  sorry about your family member . 
  yeah i dared voice a contrary opinion and was down voted to oblivion . 
  / r/ireland is not representative of all irish people 's opinions of israel . 
  between this and the stealing of the kids sailing flags in dun laoghaire i ca n't see how israel can withstand this international pressure . 
   that road was n't busy at all . 
  we all have the right to peaceful protest . 
  they should have ignored him . 
  you also have the * responsibility * to comply with garda direction if told to move off the road . 
  no point whinging about muhhhy roooights without talking about your responsibilities . 
  in this case having a fit is a lot like resisting arrest . 
  even if he was how would the gardai know at that point . 
  he intended judging by the video to have a sit down protest . 
  it 's awfully convenient that he happened to have a seizure just at the moment he was being removed from the road and a camera was present . 
  some of these serial protestors will go to any length to cry police brutality . 
   and if you do n't you can be arrested and prosecuted . 
  this guy was n't arrested though , he was assaulted . 
  and garda public order units assault people by moving them off the road ? 
  give me a break . 
  sure they fucked up by apparently dragging him on his head but it 's nonsense to suggest some level of force can not be used to to clear the roads without having to arrest everyone . 
  have a point or just prefer to whinge ? 
  youtube has a few videos screaming police brutality at the first hint of any use of garda force . 
  especially at protests that attract fringe republican groups . 
  absolutely no context to the videos is provided ( like this one ) . 
   i do n't know whether he decided to go limp or fell over at the start of the video, 
  a video howling gardai brutality is never going to show you the whole story . 
  you appear confused . 
  perhaps you should sit the rest of this out . 
  that speech is worth a listen . 
  he outlines the argument for zionism . 
  it 's interesting how zionism has become such a loaded term , a pejorative to many . 
  it 's also interesting to note , generally irish people were quite supportive of the state of israel initially , anti israel sentiment is a relatively new phenomena . 
  i find it 's often interesting to look at it from an out side perspective : http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2010/06/23/why_the_irish_support_palestine, 
   nothing new here , just the standard spiel, 
  this speech was made less than 30 years after the events of ww2 . 
  it is incredibly relevant to the formation of israel and the concept of zionism as we know it . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to dismiss it as quickly given it 's historical significance . 
  a lot of the replies are keyboard warriors . 
  the correct response is to be polite but firm . 
  set boundaries . 
  headline in 1 years time : irish restaurant goes into receivership, 
  this has been explained many times . 
  it is a [ misnomer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/misnomer ) . 
  the meaning of the phrase is anti-jewish even though it 's component words make it appear to mean something else . 
   edit : how exactly does downvoting answer my question ? 
  try counter the anti-israel circle jerk , that 's a downvoting !, 
  thankfully this is n't politics.ie, 
  it 's already happened north of the border :, 
  i saw a garda standing outside the synagogue in terenure on saturday so i do n't think they are taking any chances either . 
   i was supposed to have a date tonight with a lovely man , and we were supposed to go back to his after , but i told him and then he cancelled . 
  i 'm gutted , not just because of this particular guy , but because i feel like no one will ever want me again . 
  it 's a pretty common std . 
  ( i saw figures of 1 in 6 somewhere . . ) i know honesty is the best policy but maybe one of your first dates is not the best time to broach the subject . 
  but obviously you should before any sort of un-protected sex . 
  dev was never one for nuanced foreign policy decisions . 
  if you are back towards the east , in wicklow , the [ sally gap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r759_road_ ( ireland \\ ) ) is a beautiful cycle if you can handle the hills . 
  on a fine day it is stunning . 
  likewise for the [ wicklow gap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/r756_road_ ( ireland \\ ) ) with [ glendalough ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glendalough ) along the way . 
  are you being facetious ? 
  no but you clearly are . 
   on the contrary , i consider his diplomatic achievements to be his greatest . 
  such as ? 
   aside from the economic war with britain , of course . 
  this is the opposite of diplomacy . 
  as a cyclist totally agree . 
  if the aim is to avoid collisions he should have been moving slower and scrubbing off more speed near the pedestrians . 
  people behave unpredictably around bikes . 
  the best course of action is to ride defensively and avoid the collision in the first place . 
  you are talking about sovereign immunity . 
  the idea has a lot of merit . 
  it 's not worth thinking about the quality of the earlobes and penises in that `` meat '' that make that breakfast roll so affordable . 
  it 's right in the middle of temple bar , the tourist trap of dublin . 
  go to any tourist trap around the world and you 'll find extortionate prices .
