  that must be why the asti is balloting their members for the third time on the unchanged haddington road agreement ? 
  keep voting on the same thing until the right result happens . 
  unions might work for individual cases but as a movement for the greater good of all workers they are useless . 
  they are inside the tent with the government pissing out . 
  it 's probably not worth joining one outside of the public sector . 
  the union movement dates back to a time where workers rights were non existent . 
  these days there are basic protections for workers and a sympathetic courts system for those who do take legal action against their employers . 
  how much are your unions dues ? 
  they can add up . 
  lots of solicitors will take these cases on a no fee basis if it looks like you might win . 
  would i like to pay money to a union that does very little and might give good advice if the time comes ? 
  personally no thanks . 
  great spinning by the asti there since they essentially have to ram the same crappy agreement down their member 's necks for the 3rd time . 
   the minister said he was `` open to consideration of various issues provided it does not interfere with the haddington road agreement itself '' . 
  there will be no changes to the agreement because that means everyone else will come back looking for more . 
  this reddit is full of keyboard crusties, 
  no it 's akin to not buying another umbrella because you have one already . 
  dumb analogy is dumb . 
  my guess is these people are motivated by nimbyism . 
  if they can dig up half cocked research to justify their position all the better . 
  i heard them talking unchallenged on the radio about cancer clusters near power lines . 
  that is the kind of scare mongering psuedo-science these people are peddling . 
  matt cooper, 
  idiots, 
  when ever i read comments like this i have a look at the reddit ireland meetup pictures and have a good chuckle . 
  it illustrates the flaws of a `` fair '' debate when it 's obvious one side of the argument is total crap . 
  fluoride is toxic in the same way water is toxic . 
  they are strangely proud of these in waterford . 
  personally i see no difference between these and a floury bap . 
  loads of breads are made without fat/oil . 
  so we have subreddit for hating on travellers now, 
  a lame fig leaf for that crappy subreddit . 
  there are a handful of posters posting a mixture of mocking and traveller related crime stories . 
   i do n't see why having a subreddit documenting examples of travellers ' hugely disproportionate criminality is considered so strange . 
  replace all the occurrences of the word `` traveller '' with the word `` black '' in your post and re-read it . 
  go away with your makey-uppy stats you bigot . 
  reasonable people can differentiate between a race or ethnicity of people and the people in their group who commit crimes . 
  why do you choose to single out travellers as a whole ? 
  still waiting on the stats for, 
   hugely disproportionate amount of crime . 
  you are not comparing like with like . 
  travellers come from some of the poorest backgrounds . 
  what is their rate of recidivism compare to similar socioeconomic groups ? 
  yes because as we all know settled people are free from crime and are well educated . 
  at last the mask has slipped and we see your main problem with them is their culture and way of life . 
  and it 's plain to see you are a bigot . 
  i 've one for sale but i must insist on cash up front . 
  message me for for my new prepay number . 
  i can confirm he/she did message me . 
  you either need to talk to a solicitor or arrange some sort of payment . 
  when it comes to legal matters ignoring the problem is a good way to fuck your future finances up . 
  i love the hdr effect but the picture is really grainy . 
  i love it it . 
  it 's like a battle of wills . 
  some of those streets in the center of the city are real seat of the pants driving . 
  also thats a traffic circle not a roundabout . 
  traffic on the roundabout gives way to traffic entering the circle . 
  a common mistranslation !, 
  in this context rondpoint means `` not '' and `` de l'arc de triomphe ' '' a round about . 
  pretty non intuitive but there you go . 
  this could be an almighty turd of a movie . 
   what exactly does nicole expect to achieve by asking people to share her rant on facebook ? 
  she has n't been wronged here , she just seems to be moaning because the show decided to drop her . 
  big deal , get over it and move on . 
  probably the same thing as going on a crappy reality show . 
  attention . 
  the sound bite is all over the radio . 
  he is saying [ they were laissez faire about their safety ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/gerry-adams-two-murdered-ruc-officers-had-laissez-faire-attitude-to-own-safety-29809290.html ) by driving through south armagh . 
  also :, 
  i disagree . 
  it 's a nice bit of victim blaming by the head of the political wing of the pira . 
  what really were people expecting him to do , blame the actual people that killed the officers ? 
   would it be victim blaming to point out where they went wrong ? 
  no not when it is coming from gerry adams . 
  i see the reddit love affair with sinn fein continues . 
  google it ya lazy maggot, 
  every energy source is literally the devil . 
  we ca n't even build a few wind turbines without making an almighty fuss . 
  the shinners upvote brigade are in i see . 
  that picture sucks, 
  you should inform the gardai about this since it is a fairly immediate hazard . 
  the radioactive dust or fallout is mainly from neutron activated pulverized materiel that is drawn up into the air from the ground . 
  air bursts avoid this . 
  `` trees do n't grow to the sky '', 
  did the camera choose that white balance or is there some other type of filter going on here ? 
  at what point do you get so high you piss yourself but at the same time have the self control to make it look like africa ? 
  rumors going around she is very underage . . 
  jesus christ you pendants are insufferable . 
  this . 
  unless the site was generating significant traffic something like an amazon ec2 instance would be a cheap way to run it . 
  people have no problem contributing to reddit . 
  which is part of a huge all ecompasing media publishing empire of advance publications . 
  but yet they get pissy when some tiny irish site uses their crappy meme or posts their link when in all likelyhood the person on reddit saw it elsewhere . 
  what on earth are you doing posting on reddit ? 
  should you not be talking to the person . 
  i 'm not a garda but i think domestic violence is wrong . 
  hope this helps ! . 
  i 'm sorry but you or your friend is talking absolute bullshit . 
  there is absolutely no way the esb are allowed by planning or safety legislation to run high voltage lines directly over his house . 
  you have no entitlement to a pretty view !,
