  there have been numerous attempts to reform the seanad the earliest of which dates back to it 's founding . 
  yet it remains in the same state . 
  how many times do we try before deciding to get rid of it ? 
  dail reform needs to be done but that does n't mean we ca n't put an end to the useless talking shop first . 
  numerous sources . 
  cosmic rays , decay of common long half life radioactive isotopes ( carbon-14 ) radon gas from naturally decaying uranium . 
  there are many more . 
  the point is for certain purposes they want the steel to be as free as possible from background radiation . 
  pre 1940s steel is the best way to do this since it contains none of the short half isotopes which are more likely to interfere with equipment sensitive to radioactivity . 
  never miss an opportunity to grab some headlines . 
  compulsory redundancies in the public sector . 
  full privatisation of remaining semi-states . 
  liquidate banks while creating new viable bank and ring fencing deposits . 
  remove rate / property tax collecting duties from local councils and give it to revenue . 
  cut number and scale of councils . 
  use money saved in above to stimulate economy . 
  the hse 's budget was $ 13.2 billion last year . 
  1 billion would n't go too far . 
  the porthouse on south william street is a great tapas place . 
  its all candlelit and romantic . 
  only problem is you ca n't book a table so you might have to queue . 
  bet me to it . 
  sharing food can be quite a nice experience . 
  they are out of date . 
  but do n't worry they were never going to help anyway save possibly from thyroid cancer . 
  there are lots of other isotopes that are released in a chernobyl style meltdown or nuclear fallout that iodine is useless to protect you from . 
  but the chances of this ever happening are slim to none . 
   also , recent studies seem to be indicating that nicotine itself is n't actually all that addictive . 
  it certainly is habit forming , but it is increasingly looking like most of the addictive properties of cigarettes are related to the other chemicals in tobacco smoke . 
  that is utter bollocks, 
  i see one study that contradicts the many years of research that suggest otherwise . 
  sorry you ca n't cherry pick studies that support your view while ignoring the vast weight of evidence to the contrary . 
  while i am a total americanophile i am i think that is a step too far . 
  keep the ticket . 
  [ appeal it . 
  ] ( http://www.dublincity.ie/roadsandtraffic/parking/clamping/pages/howtoappealaclamp.aspx ), 
  it 's just pubtalk . 
  you must be fucking joking . 
  the unacceptable face of capitalism . 
  yes that 's why i said the unacceptable face . 
  durr . 
  well done for missing the reference . 
  i can draw it for you with crayons if you like ? 
  your argument is pedantic in the extreme . 
  i assumed from your childish ranting crayons might be a medium you are most comfortable with . 
  if you can stop eating them . 
  go back to the valley . 
  there is no need , other posters have covered it . 
  but thanks for your two worthless cents . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  he gets a a few disapproving tuts from the old boys club and retires with a parachute payment and a big pension . 
  the shame is enough apparently . 
  being in government does n't mean you are suddenly omniscient . 
  there would be many layers between the people who knew of the tapes existence and people in power . 
  some of those layers are real barriers like the supposed separation of powers between the judiciary , the executive and legislature . 
  so it 's plausible they did n't know . 
  it may even have been in the governments interest to * not * know the details of what went on because they may be compelled to act or be held accountable if they did not . . 
  that sounds a lot like effort . 
  being very naughty boys . 
  i was at one of the first ones under a different screen name . 
  it was totally awkward . 
  i got there not too late but already it had degenerated into people screaming memes at each other . 
  did not stay long . 
  [ l ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recession_shapes ) shaped recession bouncing along the bottom . 
  the recovery we had was insignificant compared to the fall off . 
  there are clues in your posting history . 
  this looks like the [ grable test ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/upshot-knothole_grable ) on operation upshot knothole . 
  the double fireball in this test is the give away . 
  this was the one and only test of the [ atomic cannon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m65_atomic_cannon ) . 
  the video states that the soldiers were exposed to high levels of radiation but all of them seem to be either in sufficient cover and far enough away to escape the radiation pulse effects of the relatively small 15kt shot ( further than a mile would be sufficient , closer if they were in cover ) . 
  fallout is a possibility but that tends to happen further from the blast site . 
  besides being of almost no benefit . 
  they are out of date, 
  the iodine tablets were a response to the panic caused by a government td making an arse of himself on the radio trying to explain government plans ( or lack of ) in the event of a terrorist attack on uk nuclear plants . 
  as for the safety of sellafield . 
  i would rather live next to it than a coal or peat burning plant . 
  this iodine pills affair is so similar to the bear patrol episode in the simpsons it is n't even funny !, 
  in the remote possibility of nuclear fallout or contamination from a meltdown affecting us the iodine pills would be of limited use . 
  there are plenty of dangerous isotopes would be unaffected by the iodine . 
  so we wasted countless millions on a pill that is for the most part useless . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  yes but radioactive iodine is only one such isotope . 
  some like strontium-90 ( absorbed like calcium into bones ) and caesium-137 are just as dangerous and iodine is useless against them . 
  or we could not waste countless millions and educate everyone . 
  i prefer that option . 
  iodine-131 has a pretty short half life so they may be of limited use for the first month . 
  but that ignores the other harmful fission products that are in fallout or by products of a meltdown . 
  simply put if we are contaminated enough for radioactive iodine to be a problem we are likely still to be fucked by the other isotopes . 
  nearly 30 years after chernobyl it is the cesium and strontium that render the dead zone uninhabitable . 
  sweet lens . 
  there is a mail on that page , i hope some people will do as i did and let them know what sort of scumbags they are . 
  lol buttcoins . 
  more people died during the firebombing of tokyo than the two atomic bombings combined . 
  yes because the most powerful country in the world will allow us to give him asylum without any sanctions ( either official or underhanded ) . 
  i love videos with no context . 
  that much is true , he certainly is n't a hawkish president . 
  applets are pretty dead technology . 
  java is still good !, 
  have a look into java web start for a more current way of doing client side stuff . 
  but browser based applets are really unfashionable at the moment due to poor support from oracle and recurring security problems .
