   murdering brown people, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but the irish defense forces killed some brown people in the congo ? 
  war is always for dubious reasons . 
  meh , this will be about as enforced as jaywalking . 
  red lights are for steel cages . 
  it 's grand , the protesters were shouting peaceful protest so it 's ok . 
  what are those style bars called ? 
  hi paul, 
  ireland is a default now, 
  ask your doctor to send a referral letter to another hospital perhaps ? 
  st james ' and st vincents in dublin have much larger neurology units . 
  that is one hell of a turd that pr person has to polish . 
  decided to cycle in . 
  best move ever . 
   anti-social behaviour in dublin is at a toxic level, 
  can we just call it what it is ? 
  crime . 
  commentators and vested interests bundle all manor of offenses into this bracket as some way of minimizing it . 
  the evil troika forcing us to borrow all that money :(, 
  dae chicken fillet roll lolz xd, 
  dae legal drugs xd, 
   we would be so much better off legalizing drugs and controlling their manufacturing and purity levels . 
  if you read the article , he died from an overdose of methadone . 
  it is both legal and controlled . 
   but that is n't the case . 
  can you provide any evidence that this is true ? 
  i really ca n't understand this attitude . 
  europe 's lack of immigration policy is killing people . 
  we more than any others need to step up to the plate . 
  [ they take 800,000 refugees annually . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germany-cant-cope-with-800000-refugees-per-year/a-18660293 ), 
  and presumably by your attitude we wash our hands of the migrant crisis ? 
  considering the amount of migration irish people have undertaken over hundreds of years this is a totally hypocritical stance . 
   i 'm all for taking in migrants but considering our levels of unemployment what life are we going to give them exactly ? 
  10 % unemployment is n't that bad . 
  many of these refugees have skills . 
   here , live in mosney on 20 quid a week , welcome to europe , enjoy your stay . 
  still better than getting beheaded by isil, 
  western policy is irrelevant to the current situation . 
  arguably it was the removal of american boots on the ground from iraq that caused the current conflict in iraq and syria . 
  the genie is out of the bottle regardless of the cause . 
  explain to me what we do with the hundreds of thousands of refugees ? 
  just ask yourself , how can a chicken fillet roll be made for you for less than three euro and the shopkeeper still make a profit . 
  are you sure that 's chicken fillet you are eating . . 
  again , the blame game is pointless . 
  what would do you think should be done about the migrant crisis ? 
   these countries have already been ruined , going in at this stage would be a mercy . 
  waging war for humanitarian reasons is a concept beyond parody . 
   fyi the syrian conflict is the next step on the american roadmap after afghanistan , iraq etc. 
  it 's us foreign policy . 
  it 's clear that the us have no interest in intervention in syria beyond air support . 
  obama pulled troops out of iraq under much political opposition , he is n't about to put them back into the levant !, 
  i particularly like the fact that the actual chicken in the chicken fillet is 51 % chicken . 
  it 's as if their staff were told to make a chicken fillet but bulk it out with cheaper stuff and make sure it 's mostly chicken . 
  i prefer the description `` 49 % not chicken '', 
  if you count the breadcrumbs , it 's probably way less than 51 % chicken . . 
  more in common with a pink slime chicken nugget than a whole chicken breast . 
  i knew it was less than a $ 1 but i did n't know it was that cheap !, 
  much the same as irish migrants then ? 
  that guy sounds like one of those smug horrible people you sometimes meet travelling at hostels who has been travelling for too long and are terribly opinionated about everything . 
  i think most people assume they are getting a breaded whole chicken breast . 
  yeah its a good story alright, 
  you should probably read that again paying attention to the brackets !, 
  it 's processed `` chicken '' that resembles a breaded chicken fillet . 
  without having a 3rd level qualification in food science it 's difficult to know if any of these ingredients are what they purport to be . 
  yes you can . 
  they may only give you a passport with a limited time on it because you lost so many but they ca n't not give you one . 
  get your ass to the passport office in dublin with all the documentation you might need pronto !, 
  i would say the band love the trouble you are causing them !, 
  agree , it 's a terrible response . 
  added to this , some of the commentary in the media about syrian refugees has been absolutely disgraceful . 
  i found myself wanting to punch the radio after listening to george hook and tom mcgurk complain about syrian refugees `` flooding into europe '' . 
  as if they have a choice ffs, 
   in 50 or 60 years time when you look back , you are never going to remember a weekend of working . 
  she might have a problem getting a job when recruiters google her name . 
  she might regret that . 
  you do n't seem to understand the concept of irony . 
  or handle two very separate issues in isolation . 
  do n't be so silly . 
  last i checked the mediterranean was n't a country . 
  [ less an invasion , more a human tragedy . 
  ] ( http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/2015-08/19/12/enhanced/webdr02/enhanced-1264-1440002145-8.jpg ), 
  i 've no great gr\u00e1 for enda , but why was sacking callinan such a bad thing ? 
  his attitude to the whistle-blowers was a disgrace . 
  look at mr. posho with his `` local estate committee '' . 
  in my last last place the only people collecting door to door were junkies . 
  they did n't seem to mind asking for money from renters . 
  and he did n't sack him . 
  he just made it clear to callinan through an intermediary that he would n't support him . 
  had the same effect but kept his hands clean . 
  people like callinan are rarely fired , real politik is used to `` resign them '' . 
  hopefully . 
  did you even read the article you linked ? 
  posted by draconianbob then deleted . 
  uk/irish systems have a fuse in the plug and in the box . 
   it does n't require a plebiscite to be passed to be privatised . 
   all that has to happen is for the govt to amend the wsa 2014 to remove the clause stating that a plebiscite is required . 
  from a legal point of view you are correct , it would however be political suicide to do so . 
  its a music festival . 
  you are n't supposed to sleep .
