  do n't eat them if you get them from sandymount unless you want a wicked case of food poisoning . 
   there is a lot of money to be made from fracking for him/her that owns land with shale gas deposits . 
  do n't forget the consumer plays a big part in this . 
  we demand a cheap secure source of petroleum products . 
  the oil companies are more than happy to sell it to us . 
  probably his media people . 
  wow good job on the weigh loss . 
  you 'll be climbing hills like a beast in no time . 
  do n't get involved in couple fighting . 
  unless getting beaten up by a man and a woman is your thing . 
  hi could you de-mod all the / r/ireland mods and make me the sole mod ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  a random assault is even less reason to get involved . 
  there was footage of a dying boy with their family and doctor on the bbc the other day . 
  when the camera came back there was a scrum of photographers surrounding the bed . 
  perhaps 10 photographers in the room . 
  it 's all a bit ghoulish . 
  whataboutry as you call it is very important . 
  we should be consistent in our foreign policy decisions . 
  syria over the last few days has clocked up several thousand dead and some horrific war crimes . 
  it is barely a footnote in the media . 
  expelling a diplomat , never mind an ambassodor is about the most extreme step you could take . 
  it is equivelent to severing all diplomatic ties to another country . 
  it 's reserved for serious personal crimes , espionage and things that are directly damaging to the host country . 
  and even then it 's an absolutely huge deal . 
  even the usa and soviet union when they were on the brink of war and whose respective embassies were actively engaged in espionage still held diplomatic relations . 
  this is a small regional conflict with absolutely no effects on our own nation . 
  foreign policy should never be based on emotion only what is in the country 's interests . 
  can you point to examples of this being standard ? 
  i asked you to list a relevant example not how to find one . 
  do n't interrupt the circle jerk !, 
  nothing to do with ireland . 
  and its posted here why ? 
  agree . 
  zero to do with ireland and you get heavily down voted for pointing it out . 
  for shame you mindless idiots . 
  you need to stop swallowing the palestinian lobby 's propaganda whole . 
  nowhere did you explain how it is relevant to ireland ... 
  so you think it 's unfair to report that a woman wishes to become a suicide bomber ? 
  is that because you agree with her cause ? 
  perhaps because the rest of reddit is n't as rabidly anti - israel as this sub ? 
  every single comment pointing out anything even slightly pro isral or anti palestine is buried . 
  how do you explain that ? 
  i think if the sub were name was / r/israel you might have a point . 
  there is none so blind as those who wo n't see . 
  i think this simplistic analysis sums up the views of most irish people . 
  it 's is absolutely possible to support israel is in this affair while condemning the loss of life . 
  how many rockets must they be attacked with before they should respond ? 
  they have been under constant rocket attack for years . 
  feel free to respond with something other than a sarky comment . 
  thank you for confirming this british news peice on a conflict on the far side of the world has very little to do with ireland, 
  the adults are having a discussion, 
  so you think israel should just sit back and let themselves be attacked ? 
  you seem to be condoning the targeting of innocent israeli citizens by hamas . . 
  you assumed wrong . 
  yeah , i forgot the password, 
  cared enough to reply :p, 
  protip : people can support israel and not be part of and not be part of the jidf, 
  because i obviously wrongly assumed that i could make a point without being showered in down votes , 
  simplistic analysis . 
  the israel palestine conflict has very little in common when you scratch the surface . 
  is there anyone that is actually pro-dead kids ? 
  really ? 
   your real problem is that the side you support are committing war crimes and you want it swept under the carpet . 
  i do n't suport hamas, 
   there was a single israeli casualty caused by missile strikes before israel invaded . 
  at this point there were well upwards of 500 palestinian casualties , 80 % of which were children . 
  hamas know they are launching from heavily populated areas and they do n't care . 
  the inevitable retaliatory attacks and causalities just feed into the hate of this bitter conflict . 
   you ca n't support the killing of innocent civilians . 
  it 's genocide , no sugar coating , plain and simple . 
  where did i ever say i support the killing of innocent civilians ? 
  please do n't put words in my mouth . 
  if the rocket attacks stopped there would be no civilians killed by retaliatory strikes . 
  no other country in the world would tolerate being attacked on a daily basis for years . 
  feel free to make some actual points rather than engaging in name calling . 
  instead of accepting that some people can see both sides of this conflict you choose to believe this is some sort of jewish conspiracy . 
  how sad . 
  i should have known better . 
  reddit is a circle jerk . 
  i 've wondered what buskers are coming to . 
  i passed him on grafton street the other day and was standing in a doorway giving a creepy wave to passers by . 
  that 's nice . 
  how much did the build cost ? 
  there is more than one side to this conflict . 
  i think you accidentally the link . 
  but nice video !, 
  nice . 
  i 've my eye on something similar soon . 
  how does the bike feel ? 
  i 'm coming from a heavy old hybrid so i 'm looking forward to something lighter too . 
  sounds like a good bike . 
  give up those filthy smarties . 
  if you do n't know who the mug is , it is you . 
  that whole story stinks of shite . 
  he is running a kickstarter ffs . 
  cause all the lovely people who went to oxegen are now going . 
  palestine is n't a country, 
  you make it sound like you are some sort of oppressed minority . 
  maybe try exercising some self control and giving up .
