ofc they are . 
  if the uk pulled out of the eu or managed to cut immigration in a new deal western and northern europe would get the immigrants that would have normally gone to the uk . 
  100 % against . 
  tired or war and britain wanting to be involved in all of it . 
  do you think russia plans to annexe iceland ? 
  they would not have needed to be bailed iut if they had n't adopted tue euro, 
  jesus ... what a freaking idiot, 
  in an ideal fantasy world . 
  including greece and spain, 
  because the eu works best for germany, 
  why ? 
  because we allow people to vote how they wish to be governed ? 
  scotland gets a referendum as did the falklands , wales , ni and my birthplace of gibraltar . 
  so now the uk might be able to decide if it stays in or leaves the eu through democracy . 
  his arse . 
  you throw out a few condescending insults but the reality is different . 
  when these rules were agreed to the full consequences were unknown or underestimated . 
  this is n't the british being childish but rather a partner growing away from a relationship and the seeds of devorce being sown . 
  why should we accept the ever evolving eu when we feel it does n't suit us ? 
  should the irish shut up and have continued to accept british rule ? 
  the british and eu can still be friends and work togther , it is possable to work with us as we continue to do so . 
  what is it about the eu that makes you feel you ca n't live without it ? 
  you 're drunk m8, 
  yes please . 
  we can still trade and be friends though . 
  no , he 's saying that swedish politics is so out of whack that any view outside the radical far left is seen as extreme racism and fascism . 
  100 % this . 
  having went to school and spent many years on the costa del sol and now living in london there is a massive difference in local food and the ability to cook ones own food . 
  most likely due to social issues , employment & wealth ect . . 
  just for fun really . 
  take it as a complement , not an insult . 
  we 're comparing ourselfs to the only superpower . 
  all countries compare themselfs to the us, 
  you ca n't do that in the uk because the european courts throw a fit while being cheered on by labour supporters . 
  why do you yanks even come here ? 
  people need to feel offended sometimes, 
  yes , you would be worse than hitler, 
  74 % of denmark are antisemitic . 
  here comes the diversity, 
  opps , wrong account . 
  shut it down !, 
   feminists do n't only exist to attack young white males and accuse them of rape no but that 's what they spend most of their time on . 
  funny how there is no mass outcry from feminist bloggers about the largest rape case and rape cover up within western culture but if a white teenager is accused of rape there is hell to pay . 
  and all the feminists will stay silent because these rapists do not fall into the narrow view of all rapists being college age white males . 
  what ever will i do ? 
  she used to work for the hut cartel, 
  not much has changed then, 
   berlusconi i always got the impression he was unpopular . 
  my spelling has got a lot better thanks to spell check but my grammar is a joke , 
  do they have a healthy marriage ? 
  i have n't seen a picture of them together since he was in power . 
  how do the french feel about their former monarchy ? 
  are they happy about the revolution or do some feel they wished they held onto it ? 
  how popular is napoleon ? 
  personality and his connection to the uk i would guess . 
  he went to oxford university and seemed like a nice guy from outside the us . 
  born in gibraltar to two english parents , went to early school near malaga then moved to the uk . 
  i see myself as english but always feel drawn to the costa del sol, 
  why were hats so popular back then ? 
  feel free to add it here , 
  one must be very careful when waving a flag in ni . 
  lives have been lost . 
  fucking england is selling out its future . 
  yeah , i personally prefer labours half truths over ukips halfs truths, 
  the scots are free . 
  they were free to vote on how they wished to be governed and the majority vote won . 
  that 's democracy and that 's freedom , idiot . 
  i hope madrid allows a referendum in the future where both sides state their case . 
  then i hope madrid takes a lesson from the scottish campaign and not focus on the negative when aski g voters to vote no but also i hope they then respect the wishes of my birthplace of gibraltar . 
  you 'll love this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnqsv3bbtz4, 
  the wikipedia page on antisemitism even says early on how the meaning has changed to reflect anti-jewish feeling going back before the word was even coined . 
  so like i said , the meaning has changed . 
  not etymological fallacy at all . 
  you can be called an anti-semite today for simply stating that israel commited war crimes again palestinians, 
  the term `` anti-semitism '' keeps changing . 
  originally a semite was a person from the area around the area where modern israel stands , you can be a jew or a muslim and be a semite . 
  then the term changed to mean anyone who was against or showed hatred towards the jews but now it means anyone the jews do n't like or anyone who criticizes israel . 
  do n't worry . 
  plenty more to pick from in france . 
  haha yes . 
  what do you think of nigel fararge ? 
  so how is london at fault directly ? 
  is n't it an issue with banking in general ? 
  and as far as i 'm aware uk banks needed to store enough funds to cover their own asses in case the crisis happened again . 
  we regulary run stress tests on our banks to see if they would collapse . 
  so far we 're doing quite well . 
  spain because i can speak spanish and was born in gibraltar and went to early school near malaga . 
   thanks to london , virtually no lessons are being learned at all can you back that up ? 
  london makes up 25 % of our economy . 
  any country would try to protect its main asset . 
  france never wanted us in to begin with, 
  they thought it would become one of the richest countries in the world, 
  do n't post this in / r/scotland you 'll be down voted to hell . 
  i 'm surprised the guardian even made that article , they 've been very pro scottish indipendence . 
  fair enough . 
  maybe it was ireland that forced the uk to adopt the usages of referendums . 
  the uk has always held referendums on how people wish to be governed even before this referendum . 
  scotland 30 years ago , wales , ni , the falklands and twice for gibraltar . 
  leader if argentina, 
  it should move to the falklands only to upset kirchner,
