  you can go to the costa del sol and if you 're lucky get a job as a barman or waiter in a british or irish pub restaurant . 
  i hope this makes reddits front page, 
  i thought the same thing . 
  hands of our kettles , eurocrats !, 
  that seems to be the russian way . 
  throw wave of wave of men at the problem . 
  life seems so expendable in russia . 
  sounds like the same tactics social justice types use . 
  i know how much it costs here . 
  i just did n't know so many went into mainland europe to study . 
  what are those numbers ? 
  maybe you can find some infomation on it because it was n't obvious to me , 
  are you 14 ? 
  2 pints of larger !, 
  and we do n't take naps after lunch, 
  sweden is the worlds refugee camp . 
  nice building . 
  i do n't like to be wrong so would love some sources on those claims as i provided some . 
  at least then i can be correct when commenting in the future , 
  the eu or the german tax payer will be bailing them out soon enough . 
  contingency plans . 
  it 's all quite normal , they would stay if the uk quit the eu but the uk economy stayed as it is with the ability to bail them out . 
  a company that fails to plan , plans on failing . 
  no doubt , my friend . 
  sweden is a very feminist country or as julian assange calls it `` the saudi arabia of feminism '' i 'm sure more people are coming forward but i think there is more to it , if you google malmo and rape you get a lot of news claiming immigrants in that area are responsible for 80 % to 100 % of the rapes . 
  i would say it 's combination of immigration from cultures where rape is very common and more sexual contact being classed as rape as well as strong encouragement when coming forward . 
  one was looking into relocating in the event of a yes vote but the name slips my mind . 
  if they are paying low to no tax and are a bailout risk in the event of a crash i do n't see a huge problem . 
  if scotland leaves the union then the uk will not have oil to back its economy so a shrink to the banking sector does n't seem a bad thing . 
  you tell me . 
  do they ? 
  maybe that was n't the best source but just a google search can bring up all sorts of things like [ this ] ( http://europeandisunion.blogspot.co.uk/2012/04/malmo-failure-of-swedens-multicultural.html ), 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  he children probably go to private school too . 
  me too . 
  i defiantly sympathize with the plight of refugees and understand our duty as humans to help out but it 's like sweden has no idea of balance to their cost of their native people . 
  i mean no offense but why do the swedes insist so intensely on bringing in so many refugees . 
  the country is already the rape capital of europe [ source ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20090427/19102 ) they have already blocked the deportation of a serial rapist because [ prosecutor refuses to pursue extradition of rapist as somali women need to be protected ] ( http://www.europeanknightsproject.com/somalian-man-who-raped-dead-swedish-woman-homeless-man-successfully-fights-deportation-to-somalia-south-africa/ ) it 's like social justice on steroids and then some, 
  ok , military ambitons within europe . 
  come on dude , you know what i mean, 
  i 'm fairly sure britain and france did n't stay netural, 
  obviously i ment those countries without military ambition or who have been invaded . 
   the united kingdom agreed to take 288 of the passengers i read it , my friend . 
  the uk did take some of the refugees but i see no mention of sweden taking in any from that ship . 
  i read it . 
  he was born in algeria and came with his parents but i was n't talking about him specifically . 
  i 've heard of a few imams going to europe and north america to spread tolerance, 
  the point was you claimed britain refused to help europe 's jews . 
  that was incorrect . 
  i do n't understand why they come to europe to teach us about tolerance . 
  they come from the most intolrent countries on earth to some of the most tolerant countries on earth to teach us . 
  if they are really serious about spreading tolerance then they should turn around and see what 's going on behind them . 
  sweden helped 3000 + jews during hitlers rise to power . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_sweden ) while britain 's record is n't perfect and at times questionable to say she `` refused '' to help when she helped over 100,000 during hitlers rise to power seems a tad incorrect . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_england ), 
  i do n't know why you 're being rated down with no reply . 
  it 's a fair question . 
  what if the hole of europe stayed netural during ww2 ? 
  i saw an interview between a swedish tv host and margaret thatcher where the host said that sweden historically stood up against nazis and fascists , thatcher then asked the host what was sweden 's role in ww2 which left the host confused . 
  more like a country of feminists . 
  it comes 5th http://www.businessinsider.com/most-popular-countries-in-the-world-to-visit-map-2014-2, 
  why are so many sweds online ? 
  when i played world of warcraft back in 2007/8 it was like 2 thirds of your country were also playing it . 
  i dunno , when white people in london rioted they got sent to prison for years including the daughter of a millionare , daddy could n't buy her freedom no matter what ... she was white . 
  that 's not rioting , they just want france to look more like their home countries of pakistan and iraq, 
  that 's true but i do n't think the uk is that disliked . 
  there was a chart posted on this sub a few days about about most liked countries in romania , the uk was second to germany . 
  for example . 
  i always find it funny when people claim europe hates the uk and that 's why we come last at eurovison , it 's because the acts we send are aweful !, 
  europe equels justice and peace ? 
  oh give me a break . 
  spelling errors maybe , i have no idea seemed a bit harsh to me even if i do n't really agree . 
  i find the question a bit odd . 
  how are you ment to feel even though you are a eu citizen ? 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong but i was to understand that if scotland voted yes this september but was n't granted entry into the eu the scottish people would still be eu citizens . 
  so i thought it would be a similar scenario . 
  you would most likely stay an eu citizen anyway , i do n't think the eu can remove citizanships but rather any new born or new british citizens from out side the eu would not become eu citizens, 
  such a sweeping statment , and a very silly one . 
  100 % benefit to everyone . 
  the uk import more from eu than they export . 
  we are the single markets biggest customers . 
  the up/down votes in this thread are silly . 
  do you want a discussion forum or an echo chamber ? 
  in the orignal the one on the right is chinese . 
  my point is we should not be casting russia out when the west behaves in the same way and often worse . 
  the uk is supporting rebels in the middle east like syria . 
  should we not get our own house in order ? 
  it 's funny how brainwashed some people are to `` evil russia '' while their own countries going on rampages around the world . 
  america would do the same thing if it was in russia 's position . 
  i 'm sorry you dislike one of my news websites so much but i find it amusing and i 'm well aware what it is but it 's no more propaganda than sites like bbc and cnn . 
  mostly rt.com but on reddit i use europe , unitedkingdom , ukpolitics , scotland and worldnews, 
  i 'm fine with this so long as the uk is out . 
  birmingham accent - hilarious scouse sccent - cringe worthy, 
  but would n't it be tolerant for muslims to respect french culture ? 
  i mean ... 
  when i went to egypt 10 years ago my mother and sister had to cover up when we went into the town . 
  i do n't say it very oftern but good on the french . 
   no reason for the eu go give the uk the thatcher-discount we are the customers of europe . 
  europe sell us more than we sell europe . 
  food , wines , cars and manufactured goods .
