was half expecting a crazy landing by jebediah kerman ... 
  what worries me is that what if the russian government/military believes they can `` blitz '' most of eastern and central europe before a ) european countries can mobilize ( not sure they can ) and b ) before the us army arrives . 
  i do n't want to do too much of a `` what if '' war but iirc the us does n't have any more armoured divisions in europe . 
  if russian subs can sink some of the transport ships then what will be left ... the us navy and airforce will be put to the test, 
  i hope the german military is prepared to fight this war after shooting down a russian jet . 
  how many of those bases were built after 1991 ? 
  lets just hope stupidity does n't lead to war . 
  on a side note , is n't the royal navy still a formidable fighting force ? 
  it has to be one of the best in europe right ? 
  does france has a decent navy too ? 
  if it is russian , my guess would be on a [ lada class submarine . 
  ] ( http://www.military-today.com/navy/lada_class.htm ) it was supposed to be the new coastal sub for their navy , but had some problems . 
  the info page linked says :  * `` the lead boat is currently used only as a test vessel for testing various equipment , rather than for active duty . 
  '' * so that 's my guess and i 'm sticking to it . 
  finland secret russian ally !, 
  i 'm an american with a finnish surname ( basis of my username i guess ) and now i 'm living in finland for university . 
  plus , russian jets are cool stuff, 
  i never had any other fair here other than this one, 
  probably wo n't happen because it 's russian , but they should go for the su-35 . . 
  with the russian navy messing with those finnish research ships last week and some finnish navy commander saying that he suspected submarine trials ( i wish i could find the source . . ) , it 's easy to make the link . 
  what 's actually happening we 'll have to wait an see . 
  i think both sides look cool . . 
  switzerland is neutral , not isolationist . 
  i even knew that too . 
  but i 'm still an idiot so :d, 
  well i 'll only tell it to my friends . 
  otherwise i 'll have to talk to people in public , and that will already annoy finns so i might get stabbed or something by then insulting them . 
  - hate on coffee, 
  i am using this . . 
   tell them that you want to visit macedonia to witness the legacy of alexander the great . 
  i basically did this on accident to my greek friend . 
  me - `` alexander is from macedonia . '', 
  her - `` greek macedonia '' me - `` there 's a greek macedonia ? 
  i thought he was from the area that 's now it 's own country . . '' her - `` nope . 
  he 's from greece . 
  macedonia pisses me off so much '' well ok then ... . 
  not really an answer to your question , but it 's probably relating to this line from the article :  part of the rationale for such a project would be to provide a fixed link between the two cities that does n't involve travelling via russia . 
  other countries would benefit ( maybe not a whole lot thb ) from cheaper finnish products ( probably lumber because what else will people buy from finland that is n't phones or something angry birds related ) . 
  since travel time will be down and there 's probably some money saved by not having to transit through russian territory ( not sure if russia has some sort of fee to use their rail lines ) . 
  the supporters of the plan will probably market the project using terms like `` making europe more self-sufficient '' or `` greater economic unity '' . 
  all in all , i ca n't see this happening in under 20 years, 
  ah ok . carry on, 
  are you talking about german or finnish ? 
  kinda like `` ahh '', 
  helped defend the invasion yes . 
  the british army invaded the us . 
  actually the us tried invading canada during the war of 1812 . 
  but they were defeated by the british troops stationed there ( canada was a colony ) . 
  i have n't been to poland :( but maybe one day, 
  just got ta say , turkey is great . 
  istanbul is awesome . 
  been to all those places but hattusa . 
  galipoli and troy are cool too and the pamukkale hot springs are epic . 
  poor finlan ; _ ;, 
  serious answer would include : venezuela , syria , iran . 
  maybe belarus . 
  joke answer : russia . 
  if assad did n't have russian surface to air missiles , then yes , it 'd work just like that ;d freedom incoming !, 
   without a un mandate air strikes on another country are an act of aggression isis is not it 's own country . 
  if you mean the country * in * the airstrikes will be occurring , then they 'll need syrian approval . 
  the us already has approval for strikes in iraq . 
   last year the american public were war fatigued to the point they wanted no involvement in syria american non-involvement in syria was more complicated than just some opinion polls . 
  the targets for american airstrikes are different than a year ago . 
  it 's a more complicated libyan no-fly-zone then , vs. terrorists today . 
   too busy infighting with other rebel groups to pose any real threat to the west . 
  it does n't have to be a `` threat to the west '' for america and european military 's to act . 
  to some degree it 's our responsibility to help people suffering and solve the humanitarian crisis in the region . 
  not sure why you linked that video . 
  _____________ i was going to answer this  without a un mandate air strikes on another country are an act of aggression with `` so . 
  people can deal with it . '', 
  yeah , aggression towards isis . . 
  seems legit, 
   `` the youtube account associated with this video has been terminated due to multiple third-party notifications of copyright infringement . '', 
  thanks putin . . 
  have you been to finland ? 
  they have a bad operational management . 
  oh and vancouver ( b/c of last season 's firesale ) , calgary , and winnipeg are n't much better . 
  us michiganders love to make fun of ohio . 
  had a teacher call new jersey `` the armpit of america '', 
  not knowing the road system/infrastructure of eastern ukraine and southern russia , could it be possible these units are relocating using russian highways to the fighting in the south around mariupol ? 
  just baseless speculation . 
  it might be easier to re-fuel and re-arm in russia at a russian military base than within ukraine . 
  like starving millions of ukrainians in 1933 . 
  the ukrainians and some other countries label it genocide, 
  when you say  how far will mr. average joe go to protect some country he may not even know exists ? 
  do you mean a us soldier or citizen ? 
  my guess would be that war wo n't be that popular . 
  if it was just us and estonia vs russia then people will be very against it like you said in the comment , but since a conflict will be all nato members vs russia it gives it more legitimacy , especially since the ukraine stuff is happening too . 
  i think most people in the us do n't trust putin at all , so another incident might be the line in the sand . 
   now how many american deaths will the u.s. public stand we did fight two unpopular wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  i think realistically public opinion does n't matter . 
  the government will give orders and people will follow . 
  we would n't be fighting ambiguous terrorists that could be argued pose no short term threat to the mainland united states . 
  instead war vs an aggressive russia would probably be deemed necessary by lots of the american public . 
  but ultimately the longer the conflict the less popular it will become . 
  that 's my 2 cents . 
  nothing . 
  that 's all part of his plan . 
   and to the north is a tundra bigger than the entire european continent , which the russians would have to cross after first crossing their own massive tundra in sibera . 
  literally america 's meat-shield .
