exactly . 
  that 's what i was getting at . 
  so if you agree that factor existed back then , why do you bring this up as an explanation for the change that happened between 1990 and 2003 according do your chart ? 
  well . 
  i understand that it would not be a valid argument if this was a thread about lazy fat people seeking excuses for their weight . 
  but last time i checked this was a thread about an article in which someone wants to classify all obese people into either `` disabled '' or `` addicts '' , and when i am saying that it is not as black and white as that i think it is a very valid argument . 
  ... which did n't exist in 1990 ? 
  i can not upvote you enough for this comment , thank you . 
  by now , i had given up on making this user read and understand my comments . 
  i know , and i said i had no idea and asked for your theory . 
  after all , it was you who pulled up the american statistic which is n't actually relevant to the issue we 're discussing , so i thought you might have an opionion about the reasons behind the rise in obesity rates . 
  but that 's exactly what i am saying the whole time . 
  i give up . 
  nothing changed . 
  that is my point . 
  are you even reading the comments you are replying to ? 
  edit to be clear : nothing changed in rates of clinically or genetically predisposed obesity rates . 
  of course something changed in the actual total number of obese people and how the hell should i know what it is ? 
  thanks !, 
  i had no idea . 
  and also , i must admit i had momentarily forgotten that alcohol is actually a drug . 
  look , it 's great that it worked for you and you deserve to be a bit smug about your success , but please refrain from calling me a liar when we are only having a discussion here . 
  that is out of place . 
  that 's why i mentioned soft drugs . 
  but : withdrawal will actually kill you ? 
  that 's new to me , could you please elaborate ? 
  look , i completely agree that the rise in obesity rates can not be related to a rise in numbers of people with a genetic or clinical condition . 
  i am merely saying that the possibility exists and to say it is so marginal that we can therefore completely call it off as bullshit is simply not right . 
  no idea . 
  i am not american , so i am not too familiar with the developments in the us - and that graph focuses solely on this country ... what 's your theory ? 
  well , since we also were n't stating facts , and you kept reiterating the same vague `` common knowledge '' over and over again , i felt it was ok to rely on anecdotes . 
  in my opinion to simply say `` every fat person should eat less , problem solved '' oversimplifies the matter in the same way the quoted article does . 
  finally . 
  thank you . 
  no doubt about that . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  you keep repeating yourself . 
  and you are still only talking about genetically predisposed people . 
  i am also talking about other clinical reasons for weight gain , caused by medication but not by overeating . 
  and also i am starting to feel that no one cares because the number could be higher than everyone thinks and that would challenge your world view . 
  well , i was never stupid enough to get into the habit of using cocaine regularly , so i ca n't tell from my own experience , but what i 've heard is people use it because it makes you feel good about yourself . 
  if you look at the compulsion to eat as another way of escaping a depression , low self-esteem or general escapism , then the feeling seems very much comparable . 
  i was a smoker for 18 years and stopped cold turkey 18 months ago , without any physical withdrawal symptoms , just a little cold for about 2 weeks . 
  about the same time span you 'd need to adjust to your diet if you started eating less . 
  so yeah , willpower . 
  all you need if you ask me . 
  yeah but , risen to what ? 
  that is my question . 
  is it 1 percent ? 
  10 percent ? 
  no one seems to know the exact numbers and no-one seems to care . 
  no , on the contrary . 
  i am quite sure the absolute number of these people would have stayed the same , which actually means that the relative rate would be even lower today than it was then . 
  i was merely referring to that chart you posted in reply to another comment of mine which says that in 2003 there were a lot more obese people in america than there were in 1990 . 
  but no matter if the numbers rise or fall , no matter how low they are - you can not deny that there are in fact people who are obese for clinical reasons . 
  that does not only mean a genetical predisposition , it could also be because they are taking certain antidepressants , betablockers , cortisol , whatever . 
  the only point i am making is : not everyone is fat because they eat too much . 
  exactly . 
  just like you lack willpower if you ca n't stop smoking or keep using cocaine , ecstasy , you name it . 
  still the same . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i was n't talking about an addiction to food itself ( food is n't an addictive substance ) , but an addiction to the feeling of eating something . 
  escapism , false feelings of comfort derived from sweets or fast food , whatever the reason may be ... that is n't any different to the reasons why some people take drugs . 
  why not ? 
  not heroin of course , but if we 're looking at drugs that do n't have such severe physical withdrawal symptoms , i ca n't see why a compulsion to eat is any different to the compulsion to use a drug . 
  just because there 's more fat americans now than there were in 1990 does n't mean there ca n't be a certain percentage of them who are fat for other reasons than fast food and soft drinks . 
  i 'd be really interested in a percentage of people who are obese due to a clinical or genetic condition as opposed to fast food binge eaters ... because everyone here seems to regard it as common knowledge that this number is very low to the point of being negligible , so i 'd like to know how low exactly . 
  i am not familiar with the statistics - what are the exact numbers then ? 
  a strong craving for something that you know will harm you , and still you consume it because you ca n't restrain yourself . 
  call it lack of self control , call it addiction , same thing in my book . 
  no , but you ca n't deny it exists . 
  i assume you are a troll , but for the slim chance that you are actually serious about this , allow me just one question : what would an addiction be other than a lack of self control ? 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  as i said further below , it does n't help anyone to construct a `` black and white '' situation where obesity is either this or that . 
  every case has to be looked at individually . 
  ha , i did n't actually google , just guessed , thank you for confirming that . 
  and yes , you are right , it is easy to work out if you look at it closely - no need to generally classify every obese person as either disabled or an addict , there is no black and white in this matter . 
  just because that woman was addicted to sugar ( and obviously hates herself for it ) does n't mean everyone is . 
  i would n't necessarily call it a disability , but there are also clinical reasons why people are fat . 
  not every obese person binges on sugar . 
  but i ca n't shake the feeling that this specific author was once an impulsive overeater herself and now hates fat people in the same way ex-smokers hate smokers . 
  well . 
  in wuppertal alone there are [ tens of thousands of people of muslim faith ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wuppertal#islam ) who , following the above commenters logic , might simply not have been active protesters just yet . 
  the first pegida demo also [ only had 350 people ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/pegida#kundgebungen ) in it . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not saying i condone pegida , because i do n't . 
  all i want to do is to show the logical fallacy of the above poster in saying `` they are harmless attention whores because they 're not many '' . 
  they might be one day . 
  erm , following the same logic you could say that pegida are harmless because they 're not hurting anyone by having a little public gathering . 
  after all , they 're not hurting anyone by just shouting their slogans , are they ? 
  oh definitely . 
  there 's always a nazi joke somewhere . 
  kind of my original discussion point , by the way , 
  oh definitely !, 
  no , true . 
  a better indicator of intelligence is when they do n't actually engage in a discussion and instead resort to call the other person stupid , i should have focused on that in my reply . 
  lol trump lol , amirite ? 
  i do n't want the world to hate anyone , not sure where that 's coming from . 
  i 'd just like to see everyone owning up to their history in an unbiased fashion . 
  but i get that , it 's not easy to transcend everything that you 've been taught to believe . 
   and german partisans did n't help freeing germany of that non-existant fascinazist government .
