  oh - an apple ( but not the companies logo ) would 've been clever . 
  yeah , they could 've tried sheep or a sod of turf . 
  we can share ... also i feel we got off very light . 
  have n't many muslim majority countries already done this in schools etc. . ? 
  it may really cause some dup voters wake and realise who their voting for ( or against keeping out them ` uns ) . 
  a main land uk party should really run some seats in ni . 
  paisley 's turnaround was very surprising considering his persona . 
  his comment clearly went over your head . 
  the issue is n't religion - it 's culture . 
  then you start bring up christian examples ... it 's the culture in russia that 's also to blame because of how it views sexuality in the same way it was culture in the past that targeted alan turing . 
  if a culture is open to change it will change - including the religious people within . 
  for many reasons certain countries have become very inward looking . 
  we still have every right to criticise sharia law . 
  it 's much easier to change laws influenced by religion rather than laws directly from scripture like sharia . 
  still not the same . 
  no , no - we use that term too . 
  sure , but can we rename derry to dublinderry - it has a nice alliteration to it . 
  barbarians represent . 
  that was n't immediately obvious to me either . 
  they ? 
  the tories ? 
  have the power to arrest people here ? 
  in the republic ? 
  no wonder the ira were sourcing semtex ... / s, 
  the only obstacle to that ` liberation ' are laws , not an oppressive force . 
  there 's nothing to fight . 
   the gerrymandered state that is ` northern ireland ' was formed through non-democratic means . 
  it was formed during peace talks to end the anglo-irish war . 
  as was the free state . 
   i 'd thank the assholes who called people racists idiots when they told their fellow countrymen not to let in psychopaths . 
  this sounds like you did . 
  unless i misunderstand something . 
  i 'm very certain that immigration happened long before merkel came to power . 
  it 's the fact that many could leave europe to fight for isis in syria/iraq and return despite being on watchlists that concerns me . 
  true - i recall some people saying it was n't ` relevant ' that he was gay or was coming out , and that sort of thing should be kept private ... even in the run up to the referendum . 
  people still react like it 's some sort of kink to be kept private . 
  yeah i 'm from galway myself - was a big michael d voter even before the ar\u00e1s . 
  no , he was asked during an interview live on air why marriage equality was important to him or something along those lines ... 
  whether or not it was scripted/planned - i do n't know . 
  labour have really been hit hard - i still voted for them last time round rather than the social democrats . 
  in the old world , we tend to be more divided - ethnicity/nationality is the division - not race . 
  eastern europeans have definitely experienced discrimination here . 
  there was an irish councillor who praised ugandan & ghanian immigrants while condemning nigerians . 
  and some local ghanaians started agreeing with him !, 
  xenophobia is a strange thing . 
  well he does come from a more conservative background with half his family coming from india . 
  it 's not easy being in the closet ( mentally ) and people can project their insecurities . 
  i can concede opportunism but we 'll never know what was going on in his head . 
  in fairness , i do believe in the eu . 
  what i do n't believe in , is that the bigger countries should have all the benefits . 
  there must be room for competitiveness within the eu . 
  a race to the bottom is a bad thing , yes but not every country needs to drop it 's tax rates as low as ours to attract those jobs . 
  and over time as we get a skilled workforce we could raise ours . 
  although i fully support closing loopholes . 
   the biggest losers are working people in big countries . 
  also in poor regions . 
  we were that poor region . 
  i 'm 30 years old and the first generation of my family to grow up with electricity , first not to farm to eat and first to go to university . 
  why should we give up our tax rate to help people in france ? 
  100 million will not get richer if luxembourg gets poorer . 
  a similar number of people elsewhere will get richer . 
  no more . 
  trickle down economics does n't work . 
   your competitive edge is stealing the taxes from other nations ? 
  stealing ? 
  name one country already located in the eu that relocated to ireland for tax-reasons ? 
  all our big players are american that set up their eu hq here - they were never yours to ` steal ' . 
  ( although i do want apple to pay the proper rate - the rate they claim attracted them ) . 
   it gives us a very good position for trade , transport , logistics , etc. 
  the port of antwerp is the perfect example . 
  yes , belgium is our largest eu trading partner ( well uk has n't left yet but your next ) . 
  your our access port to the mainland . 
  location is everything . 
  our lower tax rate has helped attract companies and now we have more experienced workers . 
  brain-drain is still a problem but not as much . 
  i think by the time the corporate tax issue is resolved in the eu , we will be in a stronger position to hold our companies . 
  we were n't when this policy was created . 
  also first names , like tyrone . 
  not common in ireland but common with irish emigrants . 
  actually there were a lot of irish women in the 1860s immigrating into new york while at the same time a lot of southern black men moved north for work . 
  a lot of babies were made it seems - most of the ` mulatto ' babies in that time period seem to be from irish mothers . 
  while there were irish slave owners - along the east coast the origin is from irish women . 
  this resulted in some race riots as the irish men burned down some black neighbourhoods ( also because of competition for work ) . 
  probably marks & spencers lol . 
  i had a friend who was in very bad debt ( she did n't know they could charge interest if there was no money in the account and would always withdraw her cash before any debit !! ) . 
  when shopping together , she felt everyone would ` know ' she was broke so she tried to keep up appearances putting fancy indulgent chocolates or a bottle of wine in her basket to abandon later before she went to the checkout . 
  sometimes she was too embarrassed to take something out and ended up paying for them . 
  there are insecurity issues as well . 
   a large bag of frozen chips = # 2.50 . 
  how many spuds can you get for # 2.50 in the uk ? 
  baby potatoes are as little as 50c here in season . 
  maybe 1 euro now for 1kg . 
  a net of onions for another 59c for five to six onions ( you may pay more for a single onion ! ), 
  some loose carrots maybe 30-40c . 
  ireland is a bit more expensive food wise but the same diet and food stuffs . 
  meat will be more expensive but you 've already got some money saved - a nice stew is very cheap . 
  a packet of stock cubes is the same price as your powederd stew packet - but you get several cubs = many meals . 
  you should buy ingredients that you 'll have left over - so your shopping list stays small but your pantry grows . 
  i 've come close to that . 
  i was really broke at one point ( long story ) .
