   our policy is that it 's better to be a few hours late with a good source than right when it happens but a shit source . 
  while i agree with that mindset 100 % ( if only the media itself did ) , the idea that a newsoutlet is * always * wrong simply because its the dm or rt bugs me . 
  the daily mail could report a weather forecast and people would say it 's propaganda . 
  i just read the dm article , it was straightforward . 
  it mentioned another torture assault in america that i was n't even aware of but that too is factual . 
  can we have an ` unconfirmed news ' filter for breaking stories ? 
  put the control in users hands . 
  damn , they should have built a wall ... 
  wow okay , that 's a lot of information . 
  i was just wondering . 
  thank you . 
  well they were much wealthier historically when they were along the original silk road . 
  yes , you wo n't have merchants stopping in the towns but the trains surely can - kazakhstan for example has huge amounts of valuable resources and is among the 10 largest wheat producers . 
  using these rail links the cost of transportation could come down and new markets open up . 
  irrigation has done wonders for the other countries and natural resources are in high demand . 
  they 're in a much better condition for agriculture than the middle east for example , and with a small population can export a lot of the food they produce . 
  this is a great idea - it 's surprising that central asia is n't an economic powerhouse considering it 's in-between the eu and china . 
  this could have massive economic potential . 
  do i feel european in the same way that i feel irish ? 
  no , it 's a faint ` feeling ' in the background . 
  i 'm certainly aware that i 'm european . 
  yet i do n't feel different from other europeans either - in fact with most people my age i feel very much at home . 
  i can have a strong sense of my nationality without putting up barriers to other people . 
  yes , i 'm shocked at how quick people forget . 
  yes , we smaller nations can make a bigger voice together within the eu - it 's the european thing to do , really . 
  denmark was the first one to come to mind . 
  it 's not like they 've been that frosty either - our governments see eye to eye on northern ireland and i was really thinking of economic links . 
  yes , economic links will be strained but a lot of business is still generated between the two countries . 
  i 'm irish and i 've never eaten them . 
  they look disgusting . 
  there are other ingredients for cereal than sugar ya know . 
  i 've never heard of a company leaving another eu country for ireland , just newer ( us ) companies moving there . 
   it 's weird because ireland 's economic model only works because it is unique inside the eu i 'm talking about a relatively large farming/dairy/beef sector as well as our it and service industries -- and the importance of partnering up with smaller nations to ensure our voices are heard , so we 're not lost or ignored among the big countries . 
  the article does n't match the headline in tone - we simply need a new eu ally with common goals and a similar economy . 
  we can not and will not cut ties with britain . 
  ireland will just make babies and send out emmigrants en masse so future generations romanticise our homeland and give unhappiness penalties if your nation does n't maintain strong ties . 
  but we do n't owe you anything . 
  companies owe us because of your rulings . 
  did anyone else think ` hail hydra ' when they read this ... ? 
  while there does seem to be quite a number of irish people who ca n't wait to leave , there is n't always opportunities in many fields here . 
  ah yes , that 's true actually . 
  however i was n't doing it on purpose - it 's just i learned the first meaning of caith in school long before any other so it 's stuck . 
   celts , vikings ( 9th c ) , norman/welsh ( 1169 ) , scots ( 1315 ) , english ( 1534-1691 ) , papal states ( 1580 by pope gregory xiii ) , spanish ( 1601 ) and the french ( 1798 ) . 
  that 's eight invasions but some were admittedly fleeting . 
  you only counted successful invasions ( napoleon did invade you guys , remember ! ), 
  so yours is likely still higher . 
  yeah it 's your typical misleading headline . 
  i agree it does , unfortunately it 's not seen as practical by everyone . 
  i 'm going with the sentiment/heritage analogy primarily . 
  outside of linguists/historians , it 's mileage may vary for non-native speakers . 
   while they all have their smartphones their smartphones should be inspected if there 's any doubt of their identity . 
  yup , i laughed . 
  i do n't smoke so i have n't seen these in a while . 
  or more literally ( and awkwardly ) : `` if you rise out of throwing tobacco the risks of fatal heart and lung disease are reduced . '', 
  languages do n't always translate well from one to the other - but i do enjoy ` literal ' translations . 
  this has been ` de jure ' in ireland since the 1930s at least , and irish was being used in advertisements pre-independence . 
  it 's not a modern thing nor is it ` politically correct ' . 
  i 'm not an irish speaker but i can read & understand these signs . 
  our irish language is our equivalent of your monarchy - it 's a connection to our past no matter how irrelevant it is to many - it 's ours and we want to keep it . 
  we call them pellet guns here . 
  it 's always the little things that are different . 
  i still do n't see how he was being a ` patronizing prick ' - the person you insulted did n't make the ` little brother ' remark . 
  while your correct that the ` shared history/culture ' h as disturbing undertones considering how it was shared ( forcibly ) it 's still part of my culture today regardless - i only really speak english afterall . 
  but pointing out our shared history is something that other irish people do relate to and it can certainly be a positive thing for some - perhaps just not after saying we have no military . 
  at least your willing to admit it . 
  a lot of people would be too embarrassed . 
  that being said , i encountered someone who did n't believe us when we told her cavan was in roi - she insisted we were the stupid ones !, 
  ca n't remember which county she was from now ... was n't munster though . . 
  and i have a cousin living in sweden . 
  it 's an eu thing . 
  which seems almost crazy when you think about it . 
  but yeah , most likely florida . 
   irish special services still train with navy seals . 
  they also train with uk defence forces . 
  but yes , the us is our largest military ally . 
  but you must be joking if you think we would n't be dependent on the uk as well ? 
  why is it ok to depend on the us but not the uk ? 
   the famine was genocide on a larger scale than the holocaust uhm ... no it really was n't . 
  as reprehensible as the famine was , ( and there was a common belief among many that the irish would over-populate themselves to death - solving britain 's ` problems ' there ) - the figures for the famine death toll range from 1-2 million due to disrupted records many are unaccounted for . 
  that 's less than the holocaust , even taking the lower holocaust estimates . 
  christ dude ... calm down . 
  hardly . 
  we could n't afford that !, 
   ireland does n't have it 's own army feel free to mock the size of our army ( we do ! ), 
  but unless your exaggerating we do actually have an army . 
  while yes we do n't even spend a billion euros on them ( actually it amounts to 1billion usd though / $ 885million ) -- they 're trained in resistance and sabotage . 
  ( think like the french underground in wwii ) . 
  but yes , it 's unlikely for ireland to be engaged in a war that the uk is not already engaged in . 
  while in theory i support a bigger force we really do n't seem to be at a high risk of war . 
  while we spend little on our military i 'd rather see any expansion of our defense forces in the form of equipment and missile defense systems rather than more personnel . 
  a larger reserve force would make the most sense . 
  however our forces do train alongside some of the worlds best , and we are the only non-usa winners of the international sniper championship ( occasionally coming 2nd too ) . 
  our defense forces regularly train alongside british forces . 
  given the paltry size of our country , i ca n't imagine the amount of money we 'd have to spend to match a larger military nation . 
  assuming its part of a larger war , i 'm not sure how many forces an enemy would be willing to spare on a nation like ireland . 
  our country would n't be destroyed -- the nation would officially surrender preventing any bombings ( just occupation ) while the military would go ` underground ' . 
  military fortifications and ports would be destroyed by ourselves to prevent use by the enemy . 
  the goal would not be to free urban areas ( which would most likely be under a puppet government but not in danger ) but to cause as much military deaths as possible to make holding ireland undesirable or untenable . 
  most of our bases and strategic ports are in rural areas after all . 
  it 's a deterrent .
