   are there even those , who speak irish as their first language , or are some people bilingual in english and irish the most ? 
  there are those who speak irish as their first language ( i 've personally met some ) but they are a minority by far . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5w47eqmbso * ( a weather forcast in irish from a native speaker ) * all native speakers can speak english although it 's increasingly more common for english to be their kids primary language ( eg one irish speaker partners with an english speaker ) which in turn can heavily influence how the kids speak irish -- standardised ( simplified ? ), 
  rather than regionalised irish . 
  there 's a discussion here ( in english ) with two native speakers and one ( irish ) american who just learned irish -- it 's short but interesting https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwf-9sjcwfg, 
   other than the dialect , did she speak irish without an accent ? 
  she spoke irish with an accent - it 's impossible not too !, 
  :p or do you mean did she speak with an english-speaking irish accent/rhythm and not a native accent ? 
  hard for me to tell because i 'm not fluent in irish . 
  it was the standard ` tv/news dialect ' as far as i can tell , not the northern dialect , but the standardised ` tv ' dialect spoken with a northern accent -- if that makes sense . 
   jesus christ irish is absolutely insane . 
  i know , it does n't even sound like welsh , which is an insane enough language in itself . 
  although admittedly she had a very strong northern ( derry ? ), 
  accent . 
   then you always get an irish person reminding you that halloween is irish / celtic . 
  every halloween remind r/frozentoast1 that halloween is irish/celtic - lest he forget . 
  so few comments for this story -- are we that desensitized already ? 
  i know information is scarce but still , i came here for baseless speculation , reddit . 
  no , their irish citizenship comes from our constitution ( which originally claimed the entire island ) and will not be affected by brexit or lack of eu status . 
  ah , yes but the title king of ireland was only created * after * the most loyal irish normans who administered ireland ( the fitzgerald 's ) revolted against henry viii . 
  the normans had been loosing ground heavily in ireland since the 1300s , becoming increasingly involved in local politics with gaelic clans . 
  the hundred years war left irish normans feeling cut off , there was n't a lot of military support available from england . 
  most of ireland was de facto autonomous . 
  henry was n't able to enforce his title very well . 
  well til ... 
  i thought that battle was on christmas day , no ? 
  guess my history is sketchy . 
  not really , all former colonies have large land areas - the ` unity ' has a sad story behind it . 
   what happened to the spirit of europe ? 
  regional nationalism replaced by continental ` nationalism ' but people act as if blind support for europe is n't just as toxic . 
  i 'm not a tory fan but it seems the newspapers love to demonize them - they 're not the nazis . 
  but they brought some of this upon themselves by not clarifying , they should know how popular super liberal canada is here ( even when it was under the right :p ) . 
  any comparison with canadian policy will likely get approval . 
  does n't canada already do this ? 
  you can only employ a foreign worker if you ca n't find existing resident workers with relevant experience ?? 
  ( resident includes immigrants already in canada ) if may would just be clear on what they 're trying to do that 'd be great . 
  upvote cos you made me laugh, 
  i dont normally like a lot of modern architecture but i think its an ingenious idea !, 
  its been a while since i 've been to antwerp but how does this blend into the city skyline ? 
  interestingly enough even the irish langauge shows awareness of its minority status as the word for the english language ` b\u00e9arla ' means ` the spoken tongue ' ... and b\u00e9arla used to refer to the irish langauge at one point . 
  not anymore !, 
  haha ... no . . i 've traced my family back more than 150 years and all of them were from the same county . 
  i get that these traits are not exclusive but it does indeed leave me wondering, 
  hmmm ... did not know about this . 
  i recently discovered a mole on my body ( cellular blue nevus ) that mosty appears in asian populations and now i 've discovered i got shovel teeth !, 
  or more accurately that other people dont !, 
  im from ireland and am seriously considering a dna test now !!, 
  well michael collins essentially wrote the book on urban warfare . 
  apparently it 's required reading for many in the military worldwide . 
  that 's a big assumption that he meant literally `` every '' mosque ... also is that `` 0.0007 % '' stat is a global statistic ? 
  asian muslims comprise the largest number of muslims globally and few isis links . 
  many western mosques are funded by the house of saud , and who knows what other likely isis supporters . 
  even mosques that were not founded by extremists are being infiltrated . 
  global statistics are irrelevent in a regional problem . 
  some in northern ireland identify as british only or irish only . 
  so it 's a bit different as some feel that britishness is their only identity and that they 're not irish at all . 
  overall yes , mostly for defense/peace keeping . 
  no stirring shit up . 
  i 'd join a reserve force maybe . 
  mixed feelings ... 
  it could be a good experience . 
  it can also breed dissent . 
  yes , i think so . 
  i 've been able to keep up with more experienced hikers than myself so i 'm probably alright . 
  nope . 
  no preference . 
  a sniper role would be interesting . 
  it seems to be a remarkable find -- 3000 year old wood . 
  that 's insane . 
  ohh ... that 's a shame . 
  and yes -- it does fuck up the skyline . 
   why , because that would imply that architects/structural engineers despite lacking modern tools such as computers and other forms of technology were superior to architects/structural engineers today such a simplistic argument . 
  and i do n't see what smallpox has to do with anything ?? 
  an engineer 's first tool is their mind . 
  everything else is an aide . 
  in the past , building 's were made to show off wealth & opulence - often funded by patrons for the sake of art and progress . 
  city planners once planned entire streets , now it appears that buildings are planned in isolation , seemingly with no regard for the character of that area . 
  ( from an outsiders perspective ) . 
  now buildings are built for profit , often with the cheapest materials . 
  they do n't always have as long a lifespan either . 
  glass superstructures are not environmentally friendly either - taking a lot of energy to heat/cool . 
  that 's a step backwards , hardly progressive . 
  and lastly , ` archaic ' buildings provided a lot of work for artists , boosting the economy . 
  that 's very pretty !, 
  i love it . 
  but the 2nd building is hardly ugly -- although i do admit it clashes . 
  well we got tescos nearly everywhere . 
  dealz is owned by poundland are are popping up all over the place . 
  it 's not his race that caused him to do this but it was his religious and cultural background -- there is an acceptable culture of violence running through many countries -- no different to feminists calling out the misogynist/homophobic undercurrents in western culture in the past/present -- it does n't mean that everyone in the middle east supports it -- but it is there and it is tolerated by far too many . 
  i 'm quite liberal and honestly astonished how quick some people are to downplay important criticisms of other cultures . 
  counter culture is at the core of the left - so why are we not facing up to these problems ?? 
  there is a hypocrisy on the left and it 's loosing ground to the right rapidly because of this . 
   a handful of firms in the tech sector relocated their ip assets here amid the international clampdown on the tax avoidance i 'm quite embarrassed reading that ... 
  perfectly democratic . 
  once a party is in power for a term , they can choose a pm from their party . 
  this makes politics less of a personality contest among voters , and more about policy . 
  i like the uk , i genuinely do but we could have even more neighbours if you were all separate . 
  :p shout out to the isle of man too . 
  haha ... i love how indifferent this is ... ehm ... yeah that 'll do ( although you have a chunnel with france so that counts for something right ? ), 
  i would n't mind hugh o'neil as a leader although he never took the entire island ( neither did boddicca with the celts though ) .
