  he did completely overhaul the irish military and was quite the strategist . 
  ruair\u00ed ua conchobair , last high king of ireland is pretty interesting too . 
  boru would be the best choice though . 
  well it took so many years in court , so i do n't think a `` living '' wish could have been fulfilled in this scenario . 
  there 's about 230,000 british in ireland afaik . 
  they 're the main source of our immigration . 
  and we have 260,000 irish over in the uk . 
  likewise for us irish . 
  most of us go to english speaking countries - australia & canada are the most popular right now . 
  people are saying that young people are disillusioned with with the system and that 's why they 're apathetic . 
  i say that 's bullshit . 
  if you 've never participated in a system in the first place how could you be disillusioned with it ?? 
  if you ever speak to older people , they too are very disillusioned with politics - even more so than young people . 
  because they 've had to put up with it all their lives . 
  they 're seasoned skeptics . 
  laughably so . 
  they 're even more likely to vote because of it . 
  i 'm pro united ireland -- i 'm clearly saying those unionists would oppose it on two grounds , both leaving the uk and remaining eu . 
  there 's no united ireland in the bag like many in reddit are implying . 
  correct , but the eu hates uncertainty , as does international markets . 
  while a reverse on the referendum could seriously weaken anti-eu movements across the eu which would be good for other member states , the uk would be seen as very unpredictable . 
  scotland may insist on leaving regardless -- leaving the uk with an even larger leave majority in the future . 
  the risk of the uk always pulling out would hang over them . 
  the eu might be more stable in the long run if it rejects a uk change of mind . 
  let 's not forget all the unionist regions that voted leave . 
  trying to drag them both into a united ireland and back into the eu would be impossible . 
  roughly half of those in the north would be of scottish descent whereas the other half are ethnically the same as southerners . 
  in the 1920s , the demographics ( and economy ! ), 
  was very different , with ulster scots outnumbering ethnic irish by a huge margin . 
  high birth-rates among ethnic irish is putting them closer to majority status each generation . 
  ireland 's not even in nato . 
  we already secured an opt-out on a common army . 
  our constitution is actually still superior to eu law in ranking . 
  i do n't believe a united europe would be the same as now plus a few extras . 
  as a small country we 'd risk being swallowed up . 
  a single european country , ie a united states of europe . 
  i prefer an economic union of countries which what the eu originally was , and still is . 
  it 's very simple . 
  no , i 'm pro-eu but anti-federal europe . 
  federalism would see more nations leave . 
  i 'd rejoin the uk before a federal europe and that 's saying something . 
  i 'm mostly slagging - the british never put an accent on anything , like french loanwords or d\u00f6ner kebabs . 
  ctrl and alt gives the accent on my keyboard . 
  i always wondered why microsoft gives an option for irish english and how that 'd differ than uk english ( same spellings ? ) ... 
  now i 'm beginning to wonder the accent works on your computer . 
  i would n't worry to much about it . 
  i was just having a bit of banter . 
  the irish government have never recognised the term . 
  it was popularised in the 1700s ( later ? ), 
  - often seen as a way of legitimizing the prior conquest of ireland . 
  it 's never been used in official documents between uk & ireland . 
   eire ` eire ' is the word for a ` burden ' . 
  which i think the current uk has become for you , not us . 
  :p ' \u00c9ire ' is the word your looking for . 
  while i agree ni wont leave anytime soon ( if ever ) , those polls from a year ago would change dramatically on the catholic front , who often had economic unionist views and were placated by the eu / open border . 
  catholics are likely quite concern now . 
  they 'd certainly poll differently . 
  villiers was pro-leave ( which surprised me ) and wont grant the poll . 
  scotland would have to leave and a next generation from unionist backgrounds might feel differently towards england & wales . 
  well the scots seem to have changed their opinion very quickly in the last few hours ( although we should wait to see if anything transpires from that ) -- so it 's conceivable that it 's a different ballgame now too . 
  many catholics are economic unionists primarily rather than unionists full-stop . 
  so that 's one big potential change . 
  fair enough . 
  since you live in the common travel area , that counts as residency afaik . 
  it 's those citizens over in australia/us that have may loose ` residency ' although it 's not clear if that 's ever enforced . 
  then you technically your vote was illegal . 
  http://www.integration.ie/website/omi/omiwebv6.nsf/page/infoformigrants-voting-en unless you have citzenship , you can not vote in constitutional matters ( referendums and presidential elections ) . 
  clearly our state failed to support the rules . 
  quite a few unionist areas voted leave . 
  unionists tend to be strongly opposed to a ui - and entering ui would put them back in the eu which they voted to leave . 
  i 'd be concerned about a small hardline ` community ' causing rampant violence . 
  think of all the flags that would have to be removed ... 
  no , only residents . 
  residency requirements vary but for referendums you must have lived in ireland for 3 ( non-consecutive ) years in the last 5 years . 
  national elections have a shorter limit . 
   we ca n't vote in their referendums so there is some inequality . 
  only citizens can vote on referendums ( which are always constitutional issues btw ) so i do n't see the inequality . 
  our laws are simply different - it 's not about tit for tat . 
  brexit will hit ireland in many other economic areas -- maybe they worry that we 'll follow . 
  i 've seen no appetite for an irexit but people are worried about what the eu will become ( ie federal ) . 
  i honestly did n't think we 'd do it . 
  we played very well !!, 
  nice to see us being more aggressive . 
  ireland 's role in this has been widely reported by our media but we only had small `` hippy '' protests that were widely derided by the public depsite the public opposition . 
  because it 's not actually an irish lullaby . 
  it was written for an irish-american play in new york - it 's popular with irish-americans but appears to be made-up `` gibberish '' . 
  probably why i never heard of it . 
  while english will always be my first language -- i 'd sing more in irish if i could . 
  i 'm almost certain that was a bilateral agreement between uk and ireland though . 
  although i 'm not sure if that makes a difference in the grand scheme of things . 
  well the irish is still very similar . 
  idir - means ` in between ' and l\u00edon means ` line ' so inter-line is basically what it 's saying . 
  the net/web itself is know as l\u00edonra ( from * ra * to say/speak ) so lines - ( that ) - speak i guess could be somewhat literal translation . 
  there 's plenty of mountains in ireland and lots of difficult terrain . 
  it was certainly effective in the past . 
  in the modern era , the ira have used it to their advantage as well . 
  not even the british were able to locate many ira training camps in the countryside . 
  christ lad , that was two decades ago !, 
  how many ancestors would a person even have after 1000 years ? 
  well if ireland 's being invaded then things are probably pretty dire in europe already - ye might have yer hands full !,
