  i 'm working on it -- right now i 'm trying an online source ( here 's an archive copy of a london times article in 1998 ) https://listserv.heanet.ie/cgi-bin/wa?a3=ind9803&amp;l=celtic-l&amp;e=0&amp;p=761260&amp;b=--&amp;t=text%2fplain this article on the national library does n't give construction info but does mention there were written accounts regarding road maintenance . 
  http://www.libraryireland.com/socialhistoryancientireland/iii-xxiv-1.php wooden planks were mostly used to cover roads and photos of excavated planks can be seen in this article http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/history/the-origins-of-the-irish-road-photos lastly , some ancient greeks did visit ireland , not sure if they mentioned the roads . 
  i 'll find some more info later , some books i found were published before the modern excavations so i doubt those are any use . 
   ireland was a cold , unpleasant island without proper infrastructure . 
  why would the romans spend their resources on that ? 
  i thought the irish were the only barbarians who built roads , even some made of stone ? 
  noted by the romans themselves ? 
  some ancient roads found in munster in the late 1990 's ( eg near the black ditch ) actually seem to be influenced by roman methods . 
  roads often marked territorial boundaries ( for patrolling ) so i doubt roman scouts would have been well received . 
  according to british surveys in the 1860s , ireland is more fertile on average than britain ( which surprise me tbh ) , although the climate may have been different in roman times . 
  roman farming techniques ( or crop choice ) may not have been suitable for our climate . 
  probably because the country you left could cease to exist as you know it . 
  i reckon many people are too attached to it - ye will probably keep it as is . 
  well said . 
  harsh . 
  not even the english do this . 
  reminds me of squid eyes ... the shape of them not the colour, 
  i 'm gay myself and it 's a distressing read -- but we should n't hold a modern country responsible for the sins of the past . 
  i know that was n't your aim but i see this thread as a social place - and from past experience digging up a nations murky past tends to make people defensive . 
  it tends to kill conversation . 
  i think this topic could be a thread in itself . 
  i 'd like to see a comparison of language structure/svo . 
  you can add irish as another language that 's missing from that list : anann sorry england . 
  \u1e03 \u010b \u1e0b \u1e1f \u0121 \u1e41 \u1e57 \u1e61 \u1e6b however the standardized irish phased this out officially although my dad still finds irish easier to read this way . 
  it can still be seen on many signs too . 
  that 's quite a list but i think a lot of those are no longer used . 
  one that surprised me was the celtic origin for cart [ karros ] which became ` carr ' is the now also used for the ` automobile ' car in irish . 
  and the english word car comes from ` carriage ' which has unrelated germanic origins or so it would seem . 
  quite a coincidence . 
  north american then . 
  we only tax profits generated in ireland -- as far as i know that 's the root of the issue , as america taxes based on your hq location . 
  wow - it 's quite beautiful . 
  in the 70s ? 
  huh , i ca n't explain that . 
  there 's also a large portion who just say ` american ' on those forms . 
  or some people may only go by surname -- they may not know family history beyond that . 
  i believe that has to do with the war of independence against britain , in the aftermath i do n't think people wanted to identify as british , even if they felt so . 
  oh urban ireland still says football for soccer a lot -- some people call both football interchangeably but football is played on sunday whereas football is played all week/sat so we know which sport is which . 
  different leagues and finals allows for context . 
  as someone who is not that into sport when someone asks did you watch ` the match ' i often do n't know which sport they 're even on about !, 
  heck they often switch ( sports ) topic still using generic words such as the match or football and everyone can still follow along . 
  that was helpful , thank you . 
  i looked on the old maps and i do n't see such a term . 
  maybe it was used in writing but not on the maps . 
  it appears to have been revived for political reasons ( when the tudors were loosing control and influence in ireland and trying to reconquer it ) . 
   you do n't get people in wales getting pissed off because it 's called the irish sea we did n't name the sea to be fair . 
  in ireland , football means gaelic football in many areas , so soccer is still used a lot here . 
  not to mention with the end of the cold war , the russians were possibly no longer sending the ira ak47 's either . 
  and after the uda paramilitaries were declared terrorist organisations by the uk as late as 1992 ( ! ), 
  that probably caused them some funding issues as well . 
  while i hope that would be the case , i 'll believe it when i see it . 
  i never heard about this either ... : /, 
   ira were terrorist point blank and the british army did some bad things , but nowhere as bad as the ira s *** . 
  because the reaction of many british to bloody sunday is to deflect attention from it -- your government consistently tried to downplay it and deny the victims justice . 
  why ? 
  that 's why it deserves extra attention . 
  because you will never acknowledge it . 
  it 's actually a post about highlighting the murder of innocents with many british refuse to acknowledge . 
  instead they try and deflect the situation . 
  very few irish people will defend the ira but many many british never want to discuss their own state atrocities but instead deflect , deflect , deflect . 
   most people who get into a fight do n't become terrorists . 
  the british army did . 
  armies should be held to a higher standard . 
  you never see people saying that the victims of the london or manchester bombings were terrorists or soldiers -- but irish victims like in bloody sunday are always `` terrorists '' . 
  there are both irish ( ira/inla ) and british ( uvf/uda ) terror groups in northern ireland . 
  and then there 's the british army - who allegedly collaborated with the british terrorists and covered it all up . 
  in contrast , the irish state has no been accused of collaborations with the ira . 
  from bloody sunday to british snipers shooting innocents on the street , you 'd expect government forces to have moral high ground . 
  they sadly did n't . 
  a lot of that is also based on the tax laws of other countries like the double irish paired with a ` dutch sandwich ' -- we alone are only part of the problem . 
  as for our corporate tax rate , it 's a sovereign right for any nation . 
  what a bizzare comment since both left and right governments have persistently interfered in the middle east . 
  there are conspiracy forums on reddit for that nonsense . 
  my home city excavated the foundations of the town wall after a huge fire destroyed several buildings in one corner of the old town but they just buried most of it again only partially restoring the section that had survived above foundation level ( incorporating it into a shopping centre ) i feel like there was a missed opportunity as it 's all built over again . 
  i believe the likelihood of the us echelon system intercepting everything on a us installed cable is what prompted the brazillian project . 
  privacy is a big concern . 
  especially if south america wants closer ties to europe . 
  my point was that the genetic trace of these movemnts has been a lot less signficant that expected -- likewise for saxon dna in england ( not as much as expected ) . 
  the local population ultimately absorbed the new population over time . 
  we likely will again . 
  not really - genetic studies show that people really settled very early and did n't have any major demographic shifts . 
  cultures & language spread significantly of course - for example celtic culture but the dna didnt spread with it . 
  this is a great idea - with or without brexit , considering that we already have a transatlantic cable . 
  it probably has more to do with competing against the proposed brazil/portugal cable . 
  well i am of ` the left ' so i 'm more considered out issues on that side . 
  i 'll let the right-wingers figure out their own problems ... 
  according to the article ;  officers at the garda national immigration bureau believe the scam has been running for years and that up to 100 illegal immigrants a year may have been smuggled through dublin airport . 
  it seems to have been running for a few years -- unknown yet if these were victims of human trafficking or related to the sex trade . 
  we 've all done that from time to time . 
  other womens rights activists should ideally not be working with someone who advocates for sharia . 
  there 's a lack of internal criticism within the left sometimes . 
   this does n't even mean anything by itself , because no one will deny that . 
  if it turned out trump was ` illegal ' , i guarantee they would go to town on that on it to get him removed . 
  i know that 's impossible but ... people can and will enter nations illegally , on one has ever said that they are intrinsically illegal . 
  did n't know that - but the sign done a poor job of creating awareness of an issue . 
  i thought creating awareness was the point of protests ? 
  she shot herself in the foot because it 's so easily taken out of context . 
  it makes it easier for others to dismiss her complaint . 
  the filter could be in place by default - a lot of people would n't even bother to uncheck it . 
  i 'm guessing there was a lack of surviving photographs ?
