  it was significant enough to convince britain to not re-invade ireland post independence . 
  any country that is likely to invade us is likely also at war with all of europe . 
  how many fronts do they want to fight on ? 
  are you serious ? 
  wow that 's really bad . 
  i find it hard to ` place ' the midlands accents - they all sound `` generically '' irish to me . 
  i could n't pinpoint a town or even county easily . 
  by that standard you could say they are `` accentless '' even though they clearly have accents . 
  our cities have some of the most distinct accents . 
  story telling is a lost tradition in ireland but my father tells me they used to travel from house to house at evening/night to entertain people and tell ancient folk tales . 
  this clip ( good quality ) records one such story . 
  not sure if it 's documenting the tradition or if they 're actually actors but they appeared in another irish documentary about shark-fishing in the region . 
   ni voted to leave . 
  actually ni voted to remain . 
  perhaps not by a huge margin but voted remain nonetheless . 
  i would have thought her support for brexit would 've been the reason - not some botched green energy scheme . 
  then again ni ca n't afford to waste money . 
  well most of us were raised in english so it 's our first language now -- it does n't help that the best places to learn irish are remote and heavily colloquial . 
  it was n't possible to standardise irish until after independence but the native speakers often rejected this new standard . 
  if i try to speak my `` school '' irish to a native speaker they might not understand my pronunciation - i have an irish accent but not one with the nuances of `` an gaeilge '' . 
  it 's like a french person trying to understand an english speaker mispronouncing french . 
  the learner thinks the native speaker is being rude or uptight by switching to english but the native simply can not comprehend the conversation . 
  i hope to re-learn the irish as i had little interest in school . 
  now languages fascinate me . 
  the english names are often just mispronounced/altered irish names . 
  and you should check out the english map because even old english was a language in itself . 
  for example , pendle hill is just hill-hill-hill when translated ; ` pen ' is brythonic for hill ( compare with gaelic ` binn/beinn ' ) the anglo-saxons come but do n't understand ` pen ' but they notice the hill at the place called pen so they call it pen hyll ( older spelling for hill ) . 
  over time this get 's shortened in pronunciation to ` pendle ' and sometime later hill get 's added again in modern english . 
  have you ever struggled to pick up a foreign word no matter how many times it was repeated to you ? 
  that 's probably why . 
  then it becomes a game of chinese whispers among the new population of butchered pronunciation . 
  there are weirder changes on that list tbh . 
  no one knows for sure afaik but t\u00edr conaill was the original name . 
  `` fort of the foreigners '' was the town name that was later used for the modern county . 
   most of western europe , builds out instead of up i 've heard that dublin has one fifth of the population of munich but twice the land area because it 's so expansive . 
  i do n't know if you 've been to dublin but it 's ` skyline ' is very truncated and ends abruptly . 
  i was going to suggest that people could work rather than live in the skyscrapers - but there currently are no highrise buildings at all . 
  i knew someone who was doing it from roscommon . 
  he fell asleep alot . 
  connacht ab\u00fa !, 
  what kind of internal boundary did they use for ireland ( roi ) ?? 
  it looks like the kingdom of mide made a comeback and merged with connacht and donegal . 
  took an extra chunk out of leinster ( laois ) too . 
   my bet is that by 2019/2020 this country will be hit by another major crisis . 
  it 's almost as if we did n't learn anything ... almost, 
  midlands is where it 's at . 
  what 's a cross country drive , eh ? 
   it 's nuts . 
  dublin is tiny . 
  being tiny is exactly why we should be able easily to fix the problem - so many low rise buildings that could easily be built up . 
  but nothing is happening . 
  we bailed out all those developers but what are they spending their money on ? 
   not taking this opportunity . 
  i imagine your job might require speaking another language which in fairness we do n't have . 
  eu centres do need eu staff afterall . 
  many of us are back in college/re-educating to get more opportunities . 
   you 're pricing people out of the commuter zone the commuter zones have long been expanded out into the surrounding counties and heading for the midlands . 
  dublin wo n't build up -- they build out instead . 
  it 's a disaster . 
  likewise with irish - possessions are ` at you ' - no verb needed . 
  ` on ' is used instead for emotions/feelings . 
  ( ie sadness is on me ), 
  interesting that we 're in northern europe rather than west . 
  i never heard of this before . 
  i 'll never understand why conspiracy theorists have such fear of the jews . 
  if they truly were behind a ` new world order ' , they would n't have been fucked over so many times . 
  sigh ... 
  i 'll get my rifle ... 
  greetings from a galwegian . 
  there is n't a big difference ( it 's the history of animosity that drives the hatred ) . 
  religion was often a badge of identity/heritage ; catholics are most likely descended from the native gaels , protestants descend from primarily british settlers ( although some gaels did convert ) . 
  at the height of the troubles , some protestants would n't identify as irish at all -- british only ( northern irish is a new identity to bridge that divide ) . 
  catholics seem less likely to vote religiously ( sinn f\u00e9in have some very uncatholic views ) and young protestants are the most likely to emigrate . 
  religious leaders in ni seem to be on good terms -- it 's some of their flocks that ca n't move on . 
   full of empty houses ? 
  my dad 's childhood home had 2 barns which were re-purposed old cottages from his parents and grandparents houses . 
  do n't complicate things with your round earth nonsense . 
   only 7,000 ? 
  that actually sounds pretty good !, 
  actually it 's a record crisis here -- some activists even occupied an office block to try an create a makeshift homeless shelter . 
  it 's considered to be one of the biggest failings of the current government . 
  so roi ie \u00c9ire and northern ireland is eire ? 
  til ... . . 
  in fairness , there 's also a ` fascination ' with calling us ` the south ' . 
  northern ireland is the capital of people throwing a tantrum over names & words -- we 're a lot more half-assed at it in fairness . 
  ireland used to use dublin time , which was half an hour behind gmt ( based on the position of the sun in the sky at noon ) . 
  it was standardized eventually . 
  in fairness , the governors they were gon na install were irishmen . 
  french might 've become a 2nd language , probably not a first . 
  yes , it 's little known history that that 's how irish really died out -- the irish are mute -- there 's no small talk around here . 
  ^ ^ is tusa muzzy , muzzy m\u00f3r ? 
  wow . . very pretty . 
  also very blue . 
  despite what you might see online , growing up in roi , i honestly never encountered this term . 
  maybe in leaving cert history ( i 'm sure it was in there i just do n't remember ) . 
  this is probably why people react so strongly . 
  however i 've never personally been bothered by the term itself - i just understand why others are . 
  but it can get tiring ... 
  we all know the continent was named before most of the settlers were arriving . 
  however i have seen people in this sub insisting that irish people are british whether they recognise it or not because of the term british isles .
