  a good idea is to go to the supermarket and buy a vegetable you 've never had before - and find a recipe for it . 
  it can be difficult to eat something you did n't like as a child but with a new veg you have a ` clean slate ' . 
  you have my deepest sympathies ... never mind them ` aul trumpeens !, 
  okay , this made me laugh . 
  what 's wrong with feet ? 
  centimeters are n't a great unit of measurement for people to be fair ... too small . 
  not much awe - i see it most days . 
  :( must visit the continent top get my sunshine fix . 
  yes , it looks awesome as fuck !, 
  do n't think it 's celebrated here though . 
  maybe we should invite some mexicans ? 
  have a cinco de mayo * in * mayo ... :d, 
  it 's raining here but it 's nice to have the day off . 
  oh god , so embarrassing . 
  i never understood that either but i do believe the american take on st. patricks day has popularised it through media . 
  but it 's also worth pointing out that i see people increasingly celebrating the chinese new year , oktober fest and mardi gras here in ireland . 
  festivities are going global . 
  and how many voters were undecided ? 
  53 % of those who gave a yes/no answer would vote to remain in the uk . 
  if scotland is permitted a vote , there is a strong possibility they will actually vote to leave the uk . 
  but yes , the newspapers love to talk about this . 
  officially it 's not - the kingdom of scotland & the kingdom of england merged in 1707 becoming one country . 
  so england is n't a country either for example . 
  they have no international recognition either . 
  however both have retained strong ` national ' identities and view each other as countries within countries . 
  english speakers elsewhere have inherited that mindset . 
  i am genuinely sorry if i offended you or implied anything else ( also flairs do n't show up on mobile afaik so i did n't think that true anyways ) - i should 've added a smiley or something more friendly . 
  i got defensive too when i saw your reply . 
  admittedly it did look a bit blunt . 
  no harm done . 
  saffron was a popular dye in ireland for warring clans but it 's orange on our flag . 
  other wise the symbolism is similar , white for peace , green for the catholic irish and orange for the protestant irish . 
  i just have n't seen many indian flairs on r/europe that 's why it caught my eye . 
  plus , some anti-irish in northern ireland have ( infamously ) mistakenly burned indian and ivory coast flags instead of ours . 
  it 's been updated that this crew member ( she was the captain ) has since died . 
  rip . 
   your point being ? 
  our flags have the same colours . 
  i was just being friendly - no need to be so defensive . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm all for improving the image of the eu . 
  do you support the catalonia or basque ` countries ' separating ? 
  in fairness i do n't think any region of a country can have a vote for secession without permission . 
  nice flag india . 
   edit : added smiley, 
  nah they 'd have to scrap that shite i 'd imagine . 
  i do n't know , after the referendum , the eu basically said ` no backsies ' . 
  there 's nothing else she could 've done except initiate brexit . 
  so you want people to be expelled from the uk , disrupting their livelihoods just so you can poach their skills ? 
  we have an orange order in donegal and in meath ( ? ) . 
  never caused any problems . 
  i imagine the extreme factions would loose legitimacy in a ui . 
   as it is no one really wants to have them . 
  most unionists are n't bad apples - i 've met some lovely people up there . 
  i 'd take them . 
  many have been there since the 1600s - it 's their home too . 
  they are very attached to ulster , many more so than the uk itself arguably . 
  their roots are firmly planted in ulster , pun intended . 
  nothing is inevitable -- the uk remaining in the eu was ` inevitable ' . 
  hardly - nationalism can be on any part of the spectrum . 
  if right-wing nationalists gain prominence in a country , then left-wingers will want to distance themselves from the term . 
  during the height of the troubles in northern ireland , many prominent unionist leaders insisted they were n't remotely irish at all ( not even northern irish which is a recent label ) and one mp even wanted the word ` ireland ' dropped from the name of the country . 
  all medication has ` tons ' of negative side-effects - they do n't come occur for most people . 
  and it 's voluntary , so they can stop taking it if there are negative effects . 
  this is likely used in conjuction with other therapies . 
  while there are other issues involved - i think it 's absolutely absurd to say it has nothing to do with sex drive . 
  for paedophiles in particular , sex seems to be the main drive for grooming children . 
  that 's not to say that people wo n't be attracted but they wont have the drive or motivation to act . 
  i think ` castration ' is the wrong word - it 's just a drug that weakens your sex-drive . 
  why ? 
  this is quite progressive ... and safe . 
  hardly , it 's not physical castration - their body parts are intact . 
  it neuters the sex drive without interfering with body besides . 
  they do n't loose anything body parts . 
  no , not strong - it 's mostly in jest . 
  but there are one or two local politicians who do seriously advocate for it - one reckoned cork could be as successful as luxembourg ( similar size/population ) . 
  however it 's probably stronger than some of the separatist movements here . 
  certainly stronger than say , mercia . 
  as i posted above , cork has a separatist movement , mostly in jest but it some have advocated for it seriously . 
  so ireland could be more partitioned than it is now ( which seems to be the aim of the map ) given two conflicting separatist movements in ni , repartition would be the only way to represent that on one map ( or overlapping borders , or explosions ... ), 
  it 's a much , much smaller movement though - it would only grow if the uk collapsed i imagine . 
  nah , cork would be a separate country but the north would join us . 
  no , they were a terror group who called themselves an army -- they refused to recognise the legitimacy of the irish state ( or ni ) so they certainly were n't killing on our behalf despite waving the flag . 
  and i 'm not sure why you are even bringing that up ? 
  this thread is about religion . 
  what are you trying to prove , exactly ? 
  more like a common stereotype -- 2 years ago when we voted for marriage equality the world media coverage was so cringey - they were clearly very confused about how we voted ` yes ' and were suddenly wondering when did ireland swing to the left . 
  no-one took an interest or noticed the gradual change while it was occuring - so they just assumed we were still deeply religious . 
  everyone online was talking about how ` shocking ' ( but welcome ) the result was - even though it was clearly the expected result . 
  are you trolling ? 
  a theocracy ? 
  our constitution does n't even mention a state religion , although similar to the us constitution it does mention god . 
  ( something i 'd like removed personally ) . 
  i 'm guessing you know very little about my country . 
  mostly . 
  but did n't one elected official suggest they could be the next luxembourg ? 
  yup , same here in ireland . 
  it 's just tradition really - most people do n't give a second thought to it . 
   can you get me source on the irish roads ? 
  i am actually very interested to read about that ( as you can see , i am a bit of a classical history geek ) .
