  but funds & arms for the uda and udf were being smuggled in from britain . 
  those were the terrorists waving the union jack . 
  it was n't one sided . 
  there was terrorists on both sides , the irish terrorists ( ira/inla ) and the british terrorists ( uda , uvf ) . 
  * ( hardline loyalists do not consider themselves irish or northern irish ) * the british army initially went in to keep the groups separate ( only after the irish government called for un intervention ) but increasingly turned a blind eye to certain groups . 
  ah now i get it thanks ... was wondering how he stayed in gov so long ... 
  ah well , i am from the west . 
  i do n't think there 's any irish word without some regional variance . 
  more like tee-shook ( as in past of shake ) . 
  * clutches potatoes *, 
  but you pay high rent to live in * london * , cos it 's london . 
  you pay high rent to live in dublin because they refuse to build upwards . 
  i do adore my capital but it 's not worth it 's current cost of living . 
  seems to be the trend with history , different groups fucking other ones over . 
  well that 's true actually . 
  some countries are worse - greenland looks bigger than china on most maps . 
  maybe 1 degree burn , celsius - he could 've done much better with ` british ' or ` british isles ' . 
  my sincere apologies - i 'm genuinely embarrassed to say i did n't know what . 
  we islanders are n't as connected to the mainland . 
  * buries head in sand *, 
  my apologies , i genuinely was n't aware of the distinction . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balto-slavic_languages in english , the cultures are grouped together often , pardon my ignorance . 
  noted . 
  if you look at the r/europe map on your right , it 's clearly bigger than us . 
  ah yes , that 's true actually - although i was really thinking of the literary tradition and preserved mythology -- i know little of ~ ~ slavic ~ ~ baltic mythology - my understanding is the pagans converted to christianity in exchange for being taught to write by the byzantines as well as trade . 
  ** edit ** sorry for confusing baltic with slavic . 
  no offense intended - if i remove it now , other peoples replies wont make sense . 
  just downvote and move on . 
  that it should 've been called greenland . 
  :p volcanic island , hot springs , turf houses , dating apps to prevent inbreeding , irish monks were there first and everyone 's a frickin ' published author . 
  also one of the last pagan strongholds in europe until the 12th ( ? ), 
  century and home to some epic sagas . 
  there were extra regulations a few years back which effectively shut down studio and bed-sit apartments - which hit students particularly hard . 
  and students are taking homes which could be used for workers/families ... 
  many people living in hotels/hostels . 
  there 's a lot of pressure ( and protests ! ), 
  for the last few years - but i only see student accommodation being built and that 's mostly related to a new dit campus . 
   member states must be made to tow the line . 
  tow who 's line , the uks ? 
  what rule did we break ? 
  ireland is not stealing jobs , these offices were been planned before the economic crash ( only stalled or left unfinished because of it ) and before anyone anticipated brexit . 
  the bank is deciding to move some of it 's staff , not us . 
   he he ? 
  you mean ` she ' . 
  we 're talking about marion le pen ( niece of le pen ) leaving lepen 's party . 
  i do n't know what her plans are for the eu but she 's leaving politics so i 'm guessing she has none . 
  i 've heard marion considers le pen too moderate . 
  let that sink in ... 
  while new jobs are great , the real issue is housing to house them . 
  no-one wants to pay san francisco style rent to live in dublin . 
  the irish nationalists tend to be born in ni . 
  they 're not imperialist if they 're trying to change the region they 're from . 
  and in a ui scenario , the ira are a lot less likely to start bombing than the loyalists . 
  however the ira have a protector complex and will likely target loyalists areas if they start bombing giving credence to the loyalist claims that they 'd be overun by the ira in a ui and the whole shitstorm takes off again . 
   generation z ( the generation that follows millennials ) have already shown themselves to be much more conservative and traditional than their preceding generation . 
  ` progressiveness ' is a failed , fleeting ideology and is being increasingly rejected . 
  ni has remained conservative politically so there was never that large shift towards progressiveness among the previous generation . 
  the younger generations in ni tend to have a less polarized identity and less conservative views than their parents for sure . 
  the left and centrist unionists tend to move to the mainland uk though . 
  the us is our largest export partner ( 22 % ) , the uk 2nd ( 15.1 % ) and belgium 3rd at 13.2 % . 
  germany at 4th is only 6.6 % . 
  the main issue for ireland is that we export more raw resources/materials to the uk , and the uk processes them , and we import the final product back . 
  we apparently lack homegrown industry in this regard but there is a huge opportunity for us to grow that industry here if exports/imports to the uk become more costly ( they will ) . 
  it takes years to get industry like that off the ground afaik , which is bad for us . 
  okay then , they way he was reacting i assumed ye got nothing ( did n't watch it ) . 
  it 's not high but it 's not a vote for your neighbour competition either . 
  love/hate - inspired by dublin ganglands . 
  obviously not representative of the entire city but tragic in the sense that real people do live like this . 
  father ted is certainly mid 90 's ( rural ) ireland in a nutshell . 
  apparently a local councillor does ...  there were a few complaints on twitter about the vote ( most jokingly i assume ) but some seemed quite serious and offended . 
  people are weird . 
  ah my apologies neighborino , the points were generally reciprocal . 
  thanks in return . 
  it 's certainly popular to pick on you guys , downside to having such an accessible language . 
  i mean how well can we follow french/german news in their language - but everyone here can read the daily mail . 
  we know all your inside jokes and monty python references . 
  there 's 250,000 britons living in roi , they could 've voted for you - why did n't they ? 
  just think about that . 
  uhm , we 're really not ?? 
  it 's a song contest . 
  we used to give high votes to britain in previous years ( and back then tensions between our countries would 've been higher ) . 
   blimey we could sing this amazing opera but you would still dislike it . 
  nonsense . 
  we have a history of giving you guys high points . 
  was britain united ? 
  ireland was smaller and had quite a considerable bit of disunity despite having a ceremonial over-king and a single legal system . 
  and the vikings divided us even more , by building their settlements in between chieftdoms playing the two sides off against each other !!, 
  not to mention the normans etc. . . 
  however i would love to see how britain would have progressed in such a scenario . 
  you 'd still have to defeat the saxons and the normans too though !, 
  on the other hand , a lot of diversity we have is as a result of european empires - without it we could be more closed off like japan - in our own bubble . 
  you would n't necessarily experience other cultures unless you could afford to travel . 
  the world is what it is . 
   the right to visit any eu embassy and get help this i did not know about ... that 's good to know !, 
  this happens with any conquered people sadly - but yes roads were certainly a thing in europe , not just a roman thing . 
  irish roads from the same era are still preserved - and some were built in a similar style to the romans . 
  given that the monarch is more of a formality at this point and did n't always follow the idea of ` divine right ' i 'm not sure it 's the sole basis of their ` right to rule ' . 
  i would 've chosen denmark because the are closer in both geographical and population size to ireland , so their model for society/economy would be easier to compare/apply . 
  while i do n't agree with the previous poster , ireland has no official state religion whereas i believe the uk ( or each nation within ) has an official religion and a head of state who is also head of said religion . 
  not to mention bishops in the house of lords .
