  the geographical term does n't really bother me . 
  i legitimately never heard it until i went to the uk so it surprised me . 
  yes but i 've accidentally offended ( or at least annoyed ) canadians by calling them american . 
  it implies us nationality . 
  in fairness , canadians do n't call themselves american as it 's conflated with a national identity rather than geographical . 
  north-american is fine however . 
  in ireland there was a west-british identity but that became associated with shedding irish culture/language in place of english culture/language , joining the ric and participating in the empire & subjugation of other peoples as well as our own . 
  it 's now a pejorative term . 
  lastly , if it were still called the brettanic isles i do n't think people would object . 
  i 'm not personally bothered by the british isles term however . 
   the irish sea completely ignores the british isles , how could the irish be so arrogant ? 
  it was the british who named it . 
  so not even a similar comparison . 
  nothing 's stopping you from re-naming it . 
  i 'm sure there are some turkish shops around - i 'll have a look . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't drink many soft drinks so i never noticed - but when i did it was my vice . 
  hard to stop at just one . 
  at least they still do the orange one . 
  i do n't like the newer blackcurrent or pineapple flavours they had out . 
  not sure if those are still available . 
  damn -- it seems that they have . 
  as someone who ate a lot of turnip growing up - i really want to try that now . 
  the lemon lucozade is heaven . 
  really - i thought it tasted like irn bru - but i do n't really drink irn bru very often . 
  then you 'll be pleased to know that a ` fine ' is a whole group of them !, 
  that 's a flawless summary . 
  you 're quite well read on irish politics . 
  i 'm sure they do but that 's not reported . 
  80 people do n't trip over & die at once in a nightclub . 
  terror attacks get reported for a reason . 
  it 's not bullshit to say that some people are worried about more attacks . 
  that 's clearly observable -- especially among those that do n't follow the news very closely . 
   but there are a large section of people who jump into these threads because they are praying they can have a terrorism wank . 
  no , i think they are just genuinely afraid of more attacks . 
  probably because a chainsaw attack is unusual & terrifying . 
  except it 's pronounced ` fall ' . . sorry to be a killjoy :p, 
  they voted during brexit . 
  quite divided - slim majority voted remain . 
  this is the joke i was expecting ... 
   it does n't imply british rule of ireland any more than `` ireland '' implies dublin ruling over belfast there are people in belfast who deny they are in any way irish soley because of this - the dropping of an irish identity in ireland only comes about after partition . 
  lol . 
  also , canadians are more likely to call themselves north american afaik . 
   it 's the same as if i tried arguing that great britain is n't a ` european ' island just because we 're leaving the eu . 
  have some perspective . 
  european isles it is then . 
  dna evidence says otherwise . 
  brythonic dna is strong in scotland i can assure you . 
  linguistically scots gallic has brythonic root words that are not found in irish . 
  archaeological traces of the picts disappeared `` gradually '' - implying that they either moved on or assimilated over time . 
  the gaels are no more invaders than the anglo-saxons - i do n't see you listing tribes displaced by them or the vikings . 
  the picts unfortunately were surrounded on many fronts . 
   i see plenty of irish around though . 
  the picts switched language -- just like we did . 
  there was no pictish genocide . 
  the modern scots are the picts & the anglo-saxons/gaels/norse etc. . . 
   people from yorkshire i do like the yorkshire accent though ... 
   basically it was obsolete and could no longer do what was necessary . 
  hardly - even in the industrial era there are unique irish words for inventions rather than borrowed ones ; inneall : engine * ( galinneall is steam-engine ) * gluais : locomotive cruach : steel artola : petrol grianghraf : photograph ardaitheoir : elevator/lift g\u00fathan : telephone ( although teileaf\u00f3n has taken over -- sigh ) all these inventions & words originate during the mass decline of irish . 
  irish as a language was not obsolete in itself & it can communicate new ideas as well as any language -- it 's decline is emigration based . 
   but when you go home most parents speak english , even the english language media we consume is typically not irish but us or british . 
  if we ca n't even manage a substantial local media in english we could never do it in irish . 
   because they would n't have been able to function in modern society . 
  it 's not that they would n't function - no language is an impediment to functioning . 
  there were actually places in canada that were adminsitered in either irish or gallic . 
  the canadian government did clamp down on irish speakers . 
  prejudice was also an issue . 
  i ca n't find a reason for the decline of gaelic languages in australia or new zealand . 
  a bit simplistic given the economic backwater that we were left with -- emigration was the largest factor even after independence . 
  an economy ca n't appear over night and we could n't chain people to keep them here . 
  ( a pilot scheme to grant irish speakers land in the midlands did n't yield much results -- it 's too small a region to appear on the map ) but certainly , things could 've been done much better by de valera . 
   i 've had no problem learning english . 
  in fairness , a lot of english words have germanic origins -- it may be much harder for other language speakers to learn . 
  irish for example has very little vocabulary from english for every day use ( except some modern items ) . 
   it 's a mix of gaeilgeoir\u00ed and middle-class parents there are actually more working class gaelscoils than middle class ones . 
   second half sounds slavic and therefore very gorgeous ? 
  yeah , especially when i 'm not aware of a lot of fracking ever happening here ... 
  i admire your enthusiasm . 
  while i 'd like to see ireland better able to defend itself - i still think it should remain neutral . 
  nothing noble about meddling in other countries affairs and funding jihadist groups or selling weapons to authoritarian states . 
  now that 's irresponsible . 
  the nhs could be risk anyways in the uk but yes , it is sticking point . 
  also the exact figure for northern ireland is not actually known . 
  taxes from northern ireland are certainly contributing to trident and uk defense forces . 
  a majority of catholics do n't want to join * now * but would be open to it in their lifetime -- that 's my understanding . 
  younger people in general are less focused on identity - it will be a less intense desire for a ui but younger protestants who travel south more and more are also less strongly opposed overall . 
  the termed ` soft ' unionists comes to mind overall . 
  actually she ( rather famously ) said not ` everyone can stay ' at the beginning of the crisis -- and the media ( and public ) were outraged . 
  she backtracked later in support of migrants due to public pressure . 
  we are represented by kerrygold . 
  made me laugh . 
  although you should n't put the condom over the ballsack . 
  no wonder they 're purple . 
  in ireland we only have to go to northern ireland for our alcohol run -- although there have been mooted tunnels from ireland to wales over the years - it seems very expensive in comparison to the benefits . 
  no green or orange for ireland ? 
  yes , you guys got the north and greece ruled the south ( hence our financially challenged ways ) . 
  we broke away during the financial crisis - greece 's difficulty was our opportunity . 
  as an english speaker - that does n't sound wrong to me at all . 
   we can notice there are two main trends in the market these days '' is also correct . 
  it was certainly cheaper but also corned beef was popular in cork/kerry at the time - but for lunch not dinner .
