  we also move quite freely/abruptly through crowds ( followed by an obligatory `` sorry '' ) . 
  touching the cashier not a bit deal ( worked in retail - happened a lot - maybe i was a lousy cashier ?? ), 
  and everyone crams under shelters like cattle when it rains - up to a dozen , easily . 
  i 've often stopped the wrong bus and just apologised - never got on out of politeness !, 
  well the problem was that the irish were n't a unified group ( well they kinda were before the normans ) but were quite fractured themselves . 
  some irish were taking various sides in the english civil war to gain favour/autonomy with the victor and others saw the opportunity to completely break free . 
  this lead to fighting between irish forces -- on top of ancient regional rivalries . 
  there were some chieftains who thought they could control and manipulate the english settlers in their territories for their own political and economic gain . 
  but they did n't realise that they signed away their autonomy until it was too late . 
  it 's a shame that resistance was rarely unified ... rebelling only after after another rebellion has been quashed elsewhere in the country rather than all at once is pretty futile ... 
  i think it would be a wake up call for the eu and the eu will face pressure to reform . 
  central european countries will likely remain but the few others not in the eurozone ( like sweden ) would likely follow . 
  withdrawing from the eurozone itself and the uncertainty that comes with that would be a much bigger deterrent . 
  eastern europe has been the most recent beneficiary of the eu but they have a different style of politics there as well as different legacy issues -- and putin has kept that threat looming . 
  i think post-soviet countries will want to band together . 
  it makes a lot of sense for the uk to be a norway/switzerland . 
  less so for many other countries . 
  your link just proved what cheesydave101 just said :  politically , ireland is divided between the republic of ireland * ( officially named ireland ) * , which covers five-sixths of the island , and northern ireland legally speaking , there is no such country as the republic of ireland - it 's just ireland according to our constitution - which was really cheeky of in fairness . 
  this caused quite a few diplomatic problems with northern ireland & the uk !, 
  the term roi is only used for the sake of clarity by other countries . 
  it 's not recognised as an official name but a mere description of our state . 
  i really do n't see how peace is at stake ? 
  the eu has prevented wars in part because the smaller states can not be used as proxies by larger powers like they used to . 
  the uk is perfectly capable of maintaining normal militaty relations with the eu via nato . 
   overeducated liberals i 'm a working class liberal -- so i 've worked a lot of unskilled jobs , often alongside immigrants . 
  when work was hard to get , they too were complaining about the number of immigrants because it 's harder for them too . 
  i did n't see it as a hypocrisy just because they too are immigrants -- that 's gross simplification of the matter . 
  it 's a practical concern . 
  of course immigrants create new markets too ( ethnic stores/markets/imports etc. . ) but the volume of unskilled-immigration is a problem in a lot of countries especially with increasing automation and a struggling economy . 
  well there are a lot of monarchies in europe - just marry them all together until there 's only one heir, 
  it is a bit overdone ... and has no white pudding, 
  jam with breakfast ? ... 
  wtf ? 
  you actually have to do a history exam to get citizenship as far as i know . 
  no idea what it contains . 
  of course we do . 
  i was just poor . 
  no satellite/cable tv in my house !, 
  only had 2 ( irish ) channels as a kid !!, 
  well , if they 've been living in the uk for a couple of years ( residency is required for citizenship after all ) i imagine some of these questions would n't be that hard . 
  most of the british culture that seeps into ireland would be via british tv which most people had ( which is why i mentioned i had no british tv ) . 
  history is where i would fair better of course , but your right it 's certainly easier for me . 
  yeah we should reclaim our traditions !!, 
  i think it 's great that americans have made their own halloween but the fun thing about countries are the differences !!, 
  ( ` guising ' -- i love it ! ), 
  this year i 'd like to make a big cow or stag effigy for a bonfire - they used to sacrifice animals after all - and maybe a halloween bbq if it 's not too wet . 
  something to echo the old days ... and turnips . 
  i will carve a turnip !, 
  dad will be so proud . 
   it came from nowhere to suddenly popularity post-2000 that 's strange . 
  when my dad was a kid in the 50s they used to carve turnips ( not pumpkins ! ), 
  and go trick or treating ( for fruit and um ... cigarettes ) . 
  masks were made out of straw etc. . . 
  in the 90s i remember crying because my dad bought turnips instead of a pumpkin for halloween . 
  it seems like the americanisms ( which came from irish-americans ) were already taking over then . 
  but halloween was well rooted here in many aspects only increasingly ( unrecognisably ? ), 
  americanized . 
  it surprised me on this quiz that 's for sure !, 
  and not because he tried to blow up their parliament ?? 
  i honestly did n't even know he was catholic - nor do i care . 
  it 's not like some of the ni bonfires where they burn our national flag . . 
  guy fawkes night sounds like a bit of a laugh - might go over some year . 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw kinder bars like this a few weeks ago in ireland ... ( in dealz which is a discount store ) no big deal - never would 've gone of fb about it - christ !, 
  also the roles of the different departments , house of lords vs commons , role of the monarch , regional history etc. . . would be better material . 
  apparently in ireland ( roi ) you have to do a history exam . 
  do n't know what it consists of though . 
  it 's such an old festival i hardly think it 's a problem . 
   trick-or-treating and orange and black tat in all the shops is very much a modern american import !, 
  trick or treating was definitely a tradition in ireland going waay back but all that pumpkin/orange/black nonsense was n't . 
  when i was a kid in the early 2000 's we went to scotland and there seemed to be no halloween decor in the shops at all . 
  saw no trick or treaters either . 
  how popular is halloween in the uk ? 
  i got 79 % ... never lived in uk and had no access to bbc growing up . 
  it 's ridiculously easy . 
  so how long before azerbaijan is anexed ... ?? 
   to be fair , not every political issue should be put to a popular referendum . 
  maybe not but if our constitution is clashing with the trade terms somehow then it is obligatory for us to hold a referendum . 
  ** nightwish ** - finnish symphonic-metal band in the english speaking world they 're not well known by the general public where metal gets little mass media attention . 
  hahaha . . have an upvote . . 
  the psychological impact primarily -- that they could 've killed you if the wanted to . 
  they had control . 
  the uk is an economic power so their aim was probably to disrupt that as much as possible i 'd imagine . 
  ( eg canary wharf bombing ) but yes , sometimes they did n't phone . 
  ( like omagh which had the highest casualties -- all civilian of course despite the ira motto of military targets only ), 
  probably the late 90s ? 
  was very much an ira tactic ... 
  whoops, 
  fair enough . 
  i didnt read the other threads -- it seems that that witness heard what they ` wanted ' to hear . 
  this thread was the first i heard of the story . 
  culture and identity will always be important to people - even if you remove the cultures we have now , new ones will form . 
  culture may be a construct , but it 's not artificial - it 's organic . 
  again re-read the posts above mine . 
  i wasnt commenting on the article . 
  my point was clear - it 's a response to other peoples posts . 
  your trying too hard . 
  it was reported at the time that he shouted ` allahu akbar ' before the attack . 
  it 's not unreasonable to make the connection if that were true . 
  trusting the article does not mean jumping to irrational conclusions . 
  i never said isis were in greece ??
