  some kidney beans ( 23c ) , tin of chopped tomatoes ( 39c ) and a bag of tesco brand pasta ( 49c ) . 
  $ 1.10 total . 
  basic - but it 's dinner for two days . 
  no pre-pepared meal will do that for the same price . 
  but that 's because the church still has a prominent role in healthcare , schools and other faculties . 
  i just felt this post was off topic from what i interpreted as a light-hearted topic . 
  true , but it was harder to monitor back then . 
  let 's not forget all the uk police arrests in the months before the latest attack . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  england had lost it 's control over most ireland . 
  and the irish-normans were more involved in irish ( brehon ) law than english ( norman ) law at this time . 
  this is what prompted the tudor plantations . 
  and where on earth do you get this vitriol from ? 
  primitive ? 
  mud huts ? 
  really ? 
  it was all the normans fault !, 
  we only had 9 or 10 kingdoms before they showed up !, 
  yes , sympathizers are a another issue - but they were appeased by giving catholics equal voting rights to protests , quotas for catholics in police forces & civil service , investigations into state atrocities etc. . . and the good friday agreement guaranteeing a binding referendum on a united ireland . 
  how do we appease isis sympathizers ? 
  can we ? 
  i do n't think he was - he was just highlighted that the ira had a demand ( * ie equal voting rights for catholics & protestants in ni , stopping pogroms against catholics & to some extent independence * ) whereas isis want conversion or annihilation . 
  you can defeat the ira by weakening their supporters with appeasement , catholic rights & protections has weakened their cause for a ui ( see any poll for a ui ) . 
  but how do you appease those likely to support isis ? 
  what rights are they lacking compared to the general public ? 
  true , it is flagged - but you have to consider that if just a quarter of those are terrorists then things could get as bad as the troubles - the mainland uk got off light that time in comparison to ni . 
  secondly , the belfast brigade of the ira , had 50 members in 1969 but 1200 by 1971 . 
  potentials could be converted easily as events unfold . 
  heavy handed actions could backfire like they did in ni . 
  to put that into perspective , the ira had up to 1,200-5 ,000 active members at it 's height according various estimates . 
  then you 'll tell me , right ? 
  i think only blanket bogs are man made , which are the most common type . 
  good to know . 
  most of our bog land is man made , from neolithic farmers using unsustainable methods . 
  they completely changed the landscape . 
  this is how we lost the irish language . 
  same attitude . 
  with this mentality , very few people will continue speaking dutch . 
   they colonized with us tbf . 
  now , now - let bygones be bygones ... all in the past etc. . . you 'd never see us irish holding a grudge ... :p, 
   is not a reputable news source are you suggesting this attack did n't happen ? 
  or are they putting a political spin or slant on it ? 
  any rampant accusations or theorizing ? 
  are they using the attack to score points for their political leanings ? 
  okay then ... 
  i see nothing wrong with the article in question , except that you do n't like the newspaper . 
  i do n't read it myself but it 's a childish criticism in the aftermath of a serious attack . 
  priorities . 
  oh i doubt that - although i 'd welcome any school that wants to learn . 
  really ? 
  i need to fact check my sources then ... :o, 
  no thanks , i 'd rather stay in . 
  my apologies - i was skimming the comments so i misunderstood . 
  although admittedly , there were only two contenders for the new taoiseach so technically you could have found out quickly but of course you would not have known that either . 
  edit : you may be refering to northern ireland - whoops irish is compulsory as a subject in schools - in previous decades if you failed irish you could not study at university . 
  people studied to pass a written exam not to speak the language . 
  coercive means did not do good pr for the language . 
  i can read and write in irish . 
  sin \u00e9 . 
   all schools in irish or something independence was the time to do that . 
  unfortunately i do n't see that changing - gaelscoils are in high demand but are not being actively promoted by the government . 
  in irish , the word for the english language ( b\u00e9arla ) translates to the ` spoken tongue ' which might give you an idea of how english is viewed even by irish speakers . 
  english is ubiquitous - switching from my native language ( english ) to irish would be very difficult and time consuming , there 's no broader societal pressure to do so . 
  google is your friend . 
   skeleton staff they 're not really skeletons , somebody just forgot to feed them some spuds . 
  our birthrate is still a bit higher than other eu nations , we have more young people than old . 
  immigration too . 
  come down south for the orgy !, 
   legalising condoms only slowed down the birthrate - a lot of rural families tend to have 3 kids instead of the classic 5 or 6 . 
  ah , thanks - i had read that but it did n't sink in . 
  i was fixating on the gluten aspect . 
  which makes even less sense then - i ca n't fathom why they did n't consider breastfeeding . 
  that 's what i was thinking - breastfeeding is very popular within these movements . 
  also if the mother is on a gluten free diet , how much gluten could there be in her milk ? 
  or any milk ? 
   oat milk , rice milk , buckwheat milk , semolina milk , quinoa milk whatever happened to breast feeding ? 
  ireland has a huge potential for wind energy ( we 've already built as many hep stations as we can on the largest rivers ) but fringe `` environmentalist '' activists object to wind farms because they ` destroy ' the scenery . 
  thanks . 
  better than i thought - well except for ireland - sigh . 
  we were more annoyed the nepotism , very high wages & bonus un the middle of a recession , the company demanding our pps numbers ( ie social security ) made worse by the longterm plans to privatize the company , which would essentially be mean the government would have created a private monopoly . 
  and we do pay for our water through taxes . 
  i 'm not opposed to a single centralised water utility but this was a disaster . 
  and how close are we to hitting 2020 goals ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/oct/15/uk-arms-northern-ireland-loyalist-massacre  according to a number of those involved in the shipment , the weapons were provided by armscor , the arms sales and procurement corporation of apartheid-era south africa . 
  a deal was struck between armscor and leading loyalists after a british agent , who infiltrated the paramilitary ulster defence association ( uda ) for the army and mi5 , visited south africa in 1985 . 
   the agent was shopping for arms for the uda . 
  but the mod has conceded that the trip was funded by the taxpayer , with an army intelligence unit paying his expenses . 
  there have been many calls for investigation and full disclosure of evidence which westminster is reluctant to do . 
  i do n't know the route the weapons took , but your taxpayer money may have paid for them . 
  there have been many reports that have claimed the british state colluded with loyalist paramilitaries . 
  http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/britains-secret-terror-deals-truly-disturbing-bbc-panorama-allegations-of-collusion-must-be-fully-investigated-says-amnesty-international-31261593.html and lastly , weapon smugglers do n't obey gun laws . 
  but these shipments could have been intercepted . 
  which is quite sad as they are also your fellow citizens . 
  the only uk civil war from modern times is largely foreign to you lot . 
  ( and to some here in the south too ) ... 
  i do n't see a full on escalation but i am worried about someone trying to kick it off ... 
  while that 's true that the eu might demand a hard-border ( which will surely affect eu support here ) but also there 's the political parties who touted brexit and the public who voted for it ( although i know it was honestly the last issue on their minds , sadly ) . 
  the blame will never squarely fall entirely on either entity ( unionists will blame eu , nationalists the uk ) , but there are complex laws that ireland is signed into and legally obliged to follow - which were signed decades ago when our nations joined the eu together . 
  no , he actually has a point here . 
  the ira claimed legitimacy as an army but did not fight or present themselves as one outside of propaganda videos .
