well at some point did n't the saxons try to claim descent from king arthur ? 
  common tactic to claim legitimacy from earlier rulers . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was john dee who revived the term as well as coined the term brytish empire in 1577 , long before said empire as we know it !, 
  the english were always an ambitious bunch . . 
  i 'll give them that !, 
  yup ... and when you finally convince them that we 're not in the uk -- then tell them we 're not even in the commonwealth !, 
  if heads could explode ... 
  basque is truly fascinating ... its also interesting that there may have been a basque ` family ' language all over western europe . 
  it reminds me of a native ( north ) american language with elements of a uralic one . 
  nah , i think they were google '' * is * ireland part of gb '', 
  the term does not feature in medieval texts but ( re ) appears in renaissance times during the tudor conquest of ireland . 
  co-incidence ? 
  medieval irish monks used simple terms like oceani insulae - but there was no consistent term . 
  surprised at the interest in our elections - they were in february and we * still * do n't have a government formed, 
  finally someone noticed you !, 
  oh we had a civil war in the republic in the early 20s - had as many deaths as the the troubles but shorter conflict ( 1922-23 ) . 
  after that we were quiet . 
   the republic was largely spared the troubles . 
  scandinavian/russian summers are also much warmer ( while their winters are colder ) - what do snakes do in winter ? 
  according to this article , the coldest temp for snakes to thrive is 18 \u00b0 c whereas our summer average is around 15 \u00b0 c which would be too cold . 
  our summer would be a struggle because higher temps are sporadic . 
  http://simonsnakesite.tripod.com/snakebasics2.html 21 \u00b0 c and 35 \u00b0 c is the ideal range for snakes and while we can get those temperatures it 's rare to have a streak of more than two weeks of that heat -- anything above 18 \u00b0 c is party time for us !, 
  norway is clearly sperm and ireland is road kill . 
  britain is a dragon . 
  denmark is giving the middle finger -- possibly to the penis and ball-sack that is sweden & finland respectively . 
  that 's what i got so far . 
  considering ireland never fully industrialised and was heavily agrarian ( my parents grew up in the 50/60s on mostly subsistence farming ! ), 
  we needed every advantage we could get . 
  in the long-run we need more homegrown industries to sustain ourselves . 
  hopefully some of that expertise will benefit us . 
  i tried to look at some irish ones but i 'm getting a lot of the same answers - it 's definitely gon na mess with things : /, 
  wow ... after years of internet praise for candada and condemnation of the usa -- candadians may be less informed than america . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  although there 's a story behind the finland one surely ?? 
  all the better for us to crash again * sigh *, 
  yes - why is this so surprising ? 
  the stories are snakes being driven out by st. patrick is fun but nonsensical - we 're just too cold . 
  we have one lizard though , 
  yup - it 's too cold . 
  there 's only one type of lizard native to ireland . 
  i taught that was common knowledge !, 
  well maybe just among english speakers ... there 's a myth behind it but in reality it 's simply too cold, 
  yes , better to play it safe . 
  according to the article - it was a 15 year recovery plan ? 
  so surely they wo n't be increasing the quotas just yet ? 
  why do you think that bothers me ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  i agreed it was unlikely ?? 
  i was just hypothesizing ... 
  many people may not know that halloween is an irish tradition that survives from the gaelic new year . 
  it was believed that the dead would rise so masks were worn and sacrifices ( usually cattle ) made to scare away/appease the demons/fairies that would rise with them . 
  it was brought to the us by immigrants who in turn influenced our traditions . 
  in modern times we still light large bonfires ( minus the cow sacrifice ! ), 
  and only the very rural populations on the smaller islands still make their own masks . 
  on the aran islands , the local community take advantage of the anonymity to go wild without worrying about gossipers . 
  even spouses may not recognize each other . 
  they do n't talk for the entire night , but will drink dance and flirt together . 
  at the end of the night , it 's considered good luck for your marriage to end up with your spouse !, 
  many people still light candles to guide the dead although the us style pumpkin is carved up now rather than a turnip like my dad did when i was a kid . 
  trick or treating involved more tricks in my dad 's time and now kids just demand sweets rather than perform any dances or poems . 
  after trick or treating , people do apple bobbing and other games and eat some brac ( a type of seasonal fruit-loaf ) . 
  my dad knew some pretty good ghost stories that he would tell . 
  every aspect of human evolution is unlikely to happen again . 
  there could always be another ice age -- it would n't be the same as ours now but dark skin could lighten again - although without neanderthal additions it might be less prone to burning . 
  some hunter gatherer tribes in southern africa had lighter skin than the farming people ( bantu ? ), 
  who came later . 
  higher altitude around zimbabwe and relatively temperate climate may have played a role . 
  of course they 're skin was n't white but skin can still change . 
  we tuk err land ... . . or something . 
  since all you americans seem to be 1/16th cherokee -- if we breed 16 of you peeps together could we get a full blooded cherokee ? 
  this is very interesting -- i wonder what happened to the first batch of europeans ? 
  were they declining before the later arrivals ? 
  and also from the same site http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-25020958 siberian eurasian kid with genes that are now only found in native americans and other genes that are not found in east asia or native americans at all . 
  people mingled in all kinds of ways it seems . 
  according to that article , all the roma parents want their kids to go to school with other roma kids -- so probably not well . 
  perhaps we should have quotas of english speaking kids vs non-english speaking to help integration . 
  these kids could be at a serious disadvantage later in life if they dont have sufficient english skills . 
  alienation is not a good thing . 
  public toilets were always free in ireland for most of my life -- although now they charge in many bus/train stations . 
  it 's usually 20c . 
  i know ireland isnt on your list but you did say europe ` in general ' . 
  yup -- the lowland scots used to call the highlanders ` erse ' even in the 1600s which is an old germanic word for irish . 
  the gaelic lawmakers would meet once a year either in ireland , scotland or isle of man to discuss new rulings/necessary changes/rules of war/peace etc. . 
  so gael would be the most accurate term as they practiced one legal system . 
  yeah we do n't have that problem to the same extent ireland -- we avoided the post roman chaos and probably benefited from the pillage . 
  dna maps based on irish surnames listed in medieval records seem to match up surprisingly closely with our many of our early medieval kingdoms ; https://www.irishorigenes.com/sites/default/files/field/image/ethnicity%20in%20ireland2.jpg - https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/archive/4/40/20131222224358!ireland900.png it 's also worth mentioning that the scotch on that map would be largely indistinguishable from the irish ( scoti was a roman term for irish ) at this time -- heck the term irish was n't even in use at all actually . 
  so ... are the eu somehow arguing for the ` dark web ' to be indexed ? 
  bizarre and irrelevant decision . 
  nothing in the words ` search ' or ` engine ' denotes search ` everything ' . 
  belgium - stella artois czech republic - staropramen denmark - lego or carlsberg finland - nokia france - l'oreal germany - volkswagen ireland - guinness italy - gucci netherlands - heineken norway - statoil russia - smirnoff sweden - ikea ( or h&m ) switzerland - nestle united kingdom - tesco * ( from an irish perspective -- it 's the most prevalent uk brand here ), 
  that 's insane and disrespectful . 
  i 've been to many countries and always tried to respect the local cultures and traditions , from burping to show that i enjoyed a meal to adopting customs like kissing on the cheek regardless of gender ( a big personal space violation here in ireland ! ) . 
  culture or beliefs is not an excuse to be rude . 
  i 'm not actually familiar with pence - did n't pay any attention to the vice presidents . 
  he sounds ... um ... interesting . 
  in the irish langauge , some sounds are substituted in different provinces - in the west , the letter 'd ' can change to a ` j' sound when paired with certain vowels - and also at the end of a word . 
  whereas the southern province , its nearly always pronounced the same . 
  a ` v ' sound in the south might be a ` w ' sound in the north , who also skip a lot of letters , and sound less guttural than the west or south dialects . 
  in english , none of these differences occur , but i still struggle to understand them . 
  yeah not many irregular verbs ( only 11 if i remember correctly ) .
