  however we 'd never be so happy to see the brit 's arrive though !, 
  pretty much but in the event of a war in europe the main threat comes from the eastern front -- on the western front we 're unlikely to be attacked . 
  we have no foreign `` interests '' to maintain either . 
  yes , a small one . 
  we 're not in nato but we do join un peace keeping missions . 
  our defense forces main focus would be guerrilla warfare - if we 're invaded just let them , retreat into countryside and make occupation hell for them . 
  not the best strategy ... 
   i 'm actually curious if this is common in other european countries in northern ireland it is , got ta re-live those troubles vicariously through the gaza strip . 
  that 's cruel . 
  i do n't think you get to decide that . 
  we really ought to buy one . 
  and some submarines . 
  you could almost say it 's `` splendid isolation '' on our part -- you must be proud !, 
  that 's a bit harsh !, 
  obviously we 've no military allies but we 've often been allies in negotiating eu deals , right ? 
  shared economic interests . 
  our armies/special forces do joint training missions to prepare for ( ira ) terrorist attacks afaik . 
   the general opionion of the dutch ( including myself ) is that they want britain to remain in the eu , because our countries have similar interests in the eu same with ireland only with additional economic and border concerns . 
  it 's worth mentioning that these areas are also very mountainous and the irish tendency to build houses in isolation rather than hamlets . 
  this makes it harder to grow villages and towns . 
  thus harder to attract jobs to rural towns . 
  and then people have to either commute further or move . 
  urban gaeltachts are the new proposals coming from activists - irish speaking suburbs rather than irish-speakers dispersing in a city population . 
  that will help the language but not rural ireland . 
  rural ireland needs a new plan . 
  yes , i would n't want to offend someone plummeting to their death . 
  yes , this . 
  how soon are tariffs added to goods , will emergency visas be granted or will people have to leave and how soon ? 
  can you remove eu citizenship from people who already have it ? 
  does that framework exist already ? 
  if not it will be challenge by citizens in the eu court of rights . 
  i do n't get me wrong - i am pro-eu . 
  free-trade with the eu would be a major coup for any nation . 
  but each eu nation wants to protect certain industries from free-trade which is an problem . 
  we as a union are s big obstacle to free-trade with non-member states !, 
  when ireland joined in 1801 ( voted in by dubious means :p ) it had a population of maybe 4.5 mil compared to england 's 7.7 mil ( scotland 1.8 and wales 1.2 ) . 
  that figure includes the whole island figure btw . 
  in the industrial revolution , england 's population sky-rocketed while ireland 's withered . 
  by modern demographics we 'd be dwarfed by britain by far . 
  historical tensions aside - we 'd need a devolved parliament which considering we already have a parliament seems redundant . 
  we were the poorest part of the uk before we left . 
  we started with very little and generations worked hard to get where we are now . 
  the recession is improving and recovery is spreading outside dublin . 
  sure it could all collapse again but we benefited more from the eu than britain and that membership is quite a deal breaker right now . 
  as is having a monarch as a head of state - powerless or not . 
  autonomy is a matter of principle - and even the eu could become a problem for us in the future . 
  military alignment could pull us from the eu ( another reason against the uk too actually ), 
  you make a good point - the common market would be weakened with solo deals . 
  honestly i think ireland could successfully have free trade deal with the us -- we 've a huge diaspora in the us ( east coast and deep south ) and irish/us investors are invited to meet key irish/us politicians every march 17th at the white house . 
  ( our government supports ttip very strongly by no coincidence ) i do n't support ttip in its current form though . 
  although negotiating with an entire bloc can be tricky - lot 's of protectionism all ` round . 
  yes , goods and services will need to be checked - but does dublin have the freedom to negotiate it 's own external trade deals with uk ( as long as said goods do n't end up in other member states ? ) . 
  the movement of people on these islands does n't seem to be an issue however . 
  but i do know many bureaucrats will fuss over it !, 
   eea members are required to pay into the european cohesion fund was not aware of this . 
  your answer in general was very informative . 
  thank you . 
  ( upvoted ), 
  to travel from ireland ( roi ) to continental europe , you need either a boat or a plane which means going through customs . 
  which means some form of id . 
  remember that we 're not in the schengen ( we 're in the cta ) , therefore even us eu irish have to show a passport upon entry to the schengen zone . 
  i fail to see how british citizens can use this as a loophole to enter the eu mainland via ireland . 
  how does this affect the eu when you already check our passports anyways ? 
  a lot of people ( and a lot of businesses ) would put a lot of pressure on dublin to resist that . 
  if violence re-surfaces the eu really should make exceptions but if they 're willing to let the region disintegrate to send a strong message to the uk then that would be despicable . 
   there is nothing in between . 
  except for switzerland and norway . 
   that would require people caring about the uk in the first place . 
  i think many people in ireland do care about the uk but honestly , all people are going to put their own country first - because if they do n't who will ? 
  i have no strong feelings on the brexit - but i have my concerns . 
  ireland does need to be prepared if brexit goes ahead - after the uk we 're the next most affected economically . 
  if companies are looking to leave then we 're not going to refuse them . 
   does the uk want further integration ? 
  they joined a trade union - i imagine that 's all they really wanted . 
  further integration is such a vague term - it can mean any number of things . 
  although a common intelligence framework would be a good example not all integration is good . 
  in fairness , the ` bendy banana ' law was only repealed in 2008/9 . 
  the passing of stupid laws gets more attention than the repeal . 
  i only took notice because i worked in a grocery store ` loading bay ' taking in deliveries . 
  the term `` free of abnormal curvature '' is very vague and it 's not clear what level of curvature is allowed . 
  i have n't found a more precise definition . 
  sample pictures would be nice . 
  as for things about budget spending -- i think most people over-estimate those things in general . 
  i 'm generally pro-eu ( but not a europhile ) but i would like to see the same study applied to other eu nations - and see how they fare . 
  otherwise this is not very comparative and could be a misleading representation of the british public compared to the rest . 
  british voters , surely . 
  not everyone is likely to be ` all-in ' or ` all-out ' . 
  that 's far too simplistic even if that 's whats on the table . 
  common sense would be enough to know that . 
  especially since the article is about britain 's pm being urged to reopen discussion on the issue . 
   so you ca n't convince your people ... in your own country and now you wan na go to the whole of the eu saying : guys we should restrict free movement . 
  very polarised thinking ... people might support restrictions on free movement but not a total withdraw from the eu . 
  if the uk remains , do n't mistake that as a ringing endorsement for everything eu . 
  they have a right to negotiate on issues that they feel are important . 
  nothing irish about most of these !, 
  finns should think twice about coming here !, 
  small talk with strangers on the bus is less common now -- usually reserved for inter-city travel nowadays . 
  i 'll never initiate it but it 's not that bad . 
  but occasionally strangers at bus/luas stops have spoken to me . 
  was common for my parents generation to speak to literally everyone about mundanities .
