  what are you talking about ? 
  i was posting about returning artifacts to many different countries that someone else mentioned above me , clearly . 
  brush up on your deductive skills please . 
  r/writingprompts ? 
  you make a fair point . 
  ultimately my reasoning is that the federalists will push for more and more unity and these referendums could keep certain policies at bay . 
  however people often tend to favour the status-quo so it 's quite likely that the eu will slouch into a single state very slowly over generations . 
  i think it 'd be healthy for the eu if each new generation had to ratify their support for the eu . 
  it would have to follow public sentiment more closely . 
  economists would n't like it -- their entire field is very reactionary/panicky . 
   ireland , taiwan , south korea and malaysia are countries once considered hopelessly underdeveloped & poor yes , i 'm from ireland and my parents grew up in the 50s/60s grew up in mayo with no electricity/running water/toilets and survived on subsistence farming primarily , mostly vegetables and bread . 
  meat was very expensive . 
  my 90 's upbringing was another universe all together -- even in a working class home . 
  the eu helped change that massively . 
  which is why we 're often pro-eu . 
  free 3rd level education led to a largely educated work force which attracted multi-nationals as well as our controversial tax rates ( which the eu approved back in the day ) . 
  yes . 
  they 'd work for the eu -- not for our governments or people . 
   they stopped that whats stopping them from re-starting that without senator 's knowledge ? 
   i do n't know why a pan-european intelligence agency does n't exist yet . 
  why does n't a pan-north american agency exist ? 
  would you share an agency with canada and mexico ? 
  a [ now former ] defense minister once remarked that our existing military base sites were largely chosen to occupy the island and quell rebellion and are not strategically placed to defend it from invasion in the first place . 
  not sure how much changed there ... our soldiers are primarily trained for guerilla warfare and resistance in an invasion scenario . 
  while i agree -- artifacts in iraq are n't guaranteed safety with isis around ( after what happened in syria ) , not to mention the afghan buddhas that were destroyed . 
  preservation and vulnerability ought to be considered too . 
  in fairness british history is interesting enough to attract tourists ( like me ) by itself -- perhaps more of your own history could be given a prominent display . 
  not to mention the king tut exhibit which is a modern re-creation and was hugely successful . 
   what are you ? 
  an american savage ? 
  what can you expect from filthy little heathens ... 
  i friend of mine used to be in the army and said that it was largely futile . 
  they had nothing to do . 
  you just had to try and look busy and keep fit . 
  honestly , by the sounds of it 'd be better to have a larger reserve army and a smaller core full time army and a larger navy . 
  increased spending should go into equipment/vehicles , especially naval but also air-defenses . 
  nope , not for the last few decades . 
  well technically it 's multiple words as far as i know -- i looked up the longest placename in ireland which i could n't pronounce from the anglicised version ; ` muckanaghederdauhaulia ' . 
  ( damn the english spelling `` reforms '' of irish places !! ), 
  the irish name at least had spaces ; muiceanach idir dh\u00e1 sh\u00e1ile ^ ^ much easier to say and i 'm not even an irish speaker , 
  in the irish language , virtually every consonant was followed with either a ` y ' or ` w ' sound depending on which vowels followed it , either i/e or a/o/u . 
  however the accepted irish language spelling is ` carr ' ( derived from gaulish karros ?? ), 
  which would have the broad ` w ' sound not the ` y ' . 
  so not sure what 's happening here . 
  while not broadly spoken , the irish language ( as well as medieval english/scottish pronunciations ) clearly affects how we speak english today . 
  well rural ireland is heavily populated in comparison to our towns - there 's more people in county galway ( 256,000 ) than galway city ( 75,000 incl suburbs ), 
  in ireland , gaeltacht areas have always been extremely rural -- which is a problem when you consider rural areas are in decline in any country . 
  minority speakers move to cities where they are spread out among with english speakers . 
  urban gaeltacht neighbourhoods are now being proposed after some success in belfast . 
  there 's a huge demand for irish-language medium schools nowadays in the republic . 
  however a lot of young people still speak english among themselves even coming from irish speaking areas . 
  psychoanalyze me bitches !, 
  bring it on !, 
  i 've heard it many years ago - certainly before the departed . 
   our prior population before the first famine was 16 million it was 8.6 million * all island ) , not 16 !, 
  i have n't been to poland ( yet ) but here in ireland some of us find poles very similar to us ( although we still have n't figured out your food ) . 
  but i do think there is certainly an anti-eastern europe sentiment in the west , and this can only be fixed by interaction and travel . 
  it 's still an industry very much in it 's early days - not helped that our state media channel does n't seem very open to new talent . 
  many irish found it much easier to get a show produced in the uk . 
  maybe things will be different in the future ... 
  yeah , i still think the uk could support ni . 
  i 'm not sure if enough people are economically driven to chose their nation based on economy alone . 
  this would most likely be a generational shift , hastened perhaps if scotland were to leave . 
  i really do n't see ni leaving first . 
  you should introduce them to each other . 
  ^ this - it has been mentioned a lot . 
  maybe it did n't get attention internationally but there have been statements by both governments - quite a few actually . 
  they seem to be on the same page . 
  religion has little to do with it to be fair , roughly half of the population are descendants from british settlers primarily from the 16-1700s , so they identify very much as british . 
  many do n't consider themselves irish people at all ( 25 % ) . 
  for other people their identity is less rigid and they may feel both irish and british to varying degrees . 
  however there are concerns that our economy in roi could n't support ni . 
  not to mention sentimental attachment to the uk . 
  i wonder if he border could be adjusted based on such farms - not to mention border towns . 
  that could get messy really quicky . 
  true , but they could also be encouraging immigration from economic trouble spots in the eu such as greece . 
  over time immigrants send money back to their own countries improving the situation there too . 
  while we already have freedom of movement , there could be active employment drives targeting our struggling eu zones . 
  surprised to see ireland so low , in the post-famine years a lot of in-breeding is believed to have occurred due to significantly reduced population , so perhaps this map is based on current trends . 
  ireland has quite a bit of written texts/literature from the past - imagine if everyone in england now spoke french and no-one was familiar with the works of beowulf , shakespeare or wordsworth . 
  you can translate a story , but you ca n't translate rhyme and verse without loosing the poetry in-between . 
  in school i did n't have the level of irish appropriate to understand the old poems or their meters . 
  which is a shame . 
  they only teach the poems in secondary school , especially from from the ages of 16-18 . 
  in my school we never really practiced speaking so i could read and write irish but not have a very fluid conversation . 
  that comic was priceless , thank you . 
  i would have figured that all humans were ` veggie-friendly ' anyways although i do wonder how well i 'm ` adapted ' to veg/grains vs meat . 
   it should be the conservatives who support muslims and liberals who oppose because conservatives oppose muslims , i 'm guessing liberals have are simply trying to over compensate go in the other direction . 
  it 's useful for us to have a religious minority to point at when the christians want something and remind them that their not the only religion anymore , ie easier to advocate secularism etc. . 
  seems like the using is going both ways . 
   there is far more famous irish people than listed here first of all this is based on who 's famous to english speakers ( or more accurately users of wikipedia ) - not who 's famous to us irish people . 
  secondly john f. kennedy is american . 
  having irish descent is fine but he was n't raised in ireland nor did he spend substantial time here . 
  his great-grandparents were irish born - it 's a stretch to claim him as a famous irish person . 
  he 's a famous american of irish descent . 
  and mel gibson apparently does have an irish mother but it 's not well known so he 's famous but not well known to be irish unlike fassbender . 
   medievals cities were a shit show in that regard . 
  shite , it seems all my family tree is rural - guess my immune system ai n't as great then . 
   there is little overlap between people with veggie-friendly fads genes and people with genes for lactase persistence . 
  as a person from a country with high lactase persistence does that mean that this article does n't really apply to me ?
