  you are claiming coup government did nothing to turkish cypriots , which is of course , completely wrong . 
  there are a lot of kebabs there that have ancestors that were living in those island for centuries . 
  not all of them are imported . 
   ( least i remind you , not one single tc was hurt during the greek coup of cyprus ) . 
  on 20 july , the 10,000 inhabitants of the turkish cypriot enclave of limassol surrendered to the cypriot national guard . 
  following this , according to turkish cypriot and greek cypriot eyewitness accounts , the turkish cypriot quarter was burned , women raped and children shot . 
  [ 87 ] [ 88 ] 1,300 turkish cypriots were confined in a prison camp afterwards . 
  [ 89 ] the enclave in famagusta was subjected to shelling and the turkish cypriot town of lefka was occupied by greek cypriot troops . 
  [ 90 ] i think the current northern cyprus is largely illegitimate , but please do n't act like turkey did n't had a reason to intervene . 
  international community supported turkey initially , and pulled back that support after coup government fell . 
  it 's because the area was what was conquered by mehmed ii in 1453 , and was the main/urban area of byzantine constantinople . 
  it does n't particularly have much to do with conservatism . 
  you 're just jealous you never had a continent spanning empire . 
  blood tax system was haram too but ottoman empire had that too . 
  preposterous ^ ^ ^ maybe, 
  you guys would be perfectly fine if you just let us conquer vienna . 
  but noooooo ... 
  gon na be honest , you are pretty much overthinking this . 
  it 's a random video about conquests of a very large and militaristic empire . 
  a semi-heroic/war song is fitting to a sense . 
  on rest of what you said , generally mixed . 
  ottomans allowed orthodox and catholic churches to exist within it 's realm , and under their protection and support , patriarch of constantinople gained immense authority and control over orthodox subjects . 
  jews that moved to ottoman empire saw their culture flourish , as ottomans heavily supported their commercial ventures . 
  a lot of christian traders became even richer , and several cities within ottoman realm became centers of culture . 
  for example , around 16th-17th century bucharest was a big hellenic cultural center , as rulers sent by ottomans were mostly greek traders . 
  on the other hand , life in rural areas deteriorated compared to urban areas , as ottomans never truly exterted much control over rural regions , and either left it to timars ( ottoman versions of nobility ) or to religious leaders , which exterted their own control , and occasionally broke essential laws . 
  honorary aryans ofc . 
  those were isolated cases , usually rare . 
  not only ottomans did not have forced conversions in official sense , according many , many christian accounts from 16th and 17th century , forced conversion is against sharia law . 
  which is , you know , why majority of the balkans are still christian . 
   it was a slavery , that even the blacks in america didnt have . 
  didnt know christians in ottoman empire were n't allowed to read , learn , own property , practice their religion , leave their country , any remote form of self-determination , complain against administraton and actually have a job other than working in plantations . 
  all those christian ottoman merchants must use some hard-ass magic . 
  existence of dhimmi and religious millets were probably bullshit too . 
  i suggest you read some actual books , articles and even thesises about ottoman empire , because holy fucking hell , what you said about black slavery was one of the most stupid things i have heard in last several weeks . 
  the difference between a book about carthage and a book about ottoman empire is that , we have very extensive knowledge about how ottoman empire worked , with archives and sources written in ottoman turkish . 
  on the other hand , romans flattened the carthage , so most of what we do about them is guesswork . 
  also kinross ' book goes too in-depth for it to be considered introductory , and contains too many mistakes , most of them most likely guesswork on kinross ' part , due to the fact that , again , he didnt knew ottoman turkish nor looked at ottoman sources . 
  you yourself can find out several objectively wrong things in kinross ' book if you decide to learn ottoman turkish one day and analyze it . 
  kinross ' book is neither introductory nor it 's possibly wrong . 
  it 's an in-depth book that is ** objectively wrong ** . 
  and this is a bad thing because people who read his book believe what is written and go along with it . 
  the biggest examples is several dozen wikipedia articles and writings thay quote kinross ' book despite it being wrong . 
  lord kinross ' book is seen as wrong primarily because he did n't knew ottoman turkish , meaning that he could n't look at actual ottoman sources and archives on a book about ottoman empire . 
  not counting blood tax system because it 's a complete another beast within itself , i was talking in the traditional sense . 
  actually , blond turks are not from slavs , but most likely from circassians . 
  circassians were seen as exceptionally beautiful and due to that were coveted as brides . 
  also ottoman empire did not have forced conversion , not counting the blood tax system . 
  i guess greece is located in siberia these days . 
  there are several long posts on / r/badhistory on why extra credits ' videos are at best , full of mistakes , at worst , intentionally wrong , seeing their reaction after people from the sub messaged them about it . 
  do n't . 
  extra history 's videos are based on a book by lord kinross . 
  a book which is largely agreed to be complete bullshit . 
  and we are still that , without the crazy oil money . 
  and austria decided to repay polish by removingtheir nation from the map . 
  fun fact , only european nation that didnt recognize and called partition of polabd illegitimate , was the ottomans . 
  ussr forcibly emigrated most crimean tatars into other regions . 
  iirc not many crimean tatars live there anymore . 
  that alone itself is enough to stop russia though . 
  europe 's industrial strength is many times greater than russia . 
  `` you see my king , we can colonize these areas where goods like tobacco and sugar grow , or we can colonize these islands in the middle of nowhere to increase our street creed . '', 
  not much gon na happen if they live in western turkey . 
  pretty common . 
  especially in western turkey , i highly doubt it 's any rarer than europe . 
  nope . 
  i 'm an atheist , although some of my muslim friends have not many issues with it if they say beforehand that they are muslims and wo n't eat pork products . 
  if you have never eaten before , it 's pretty easy . 
  you do n't know if it tastes good and the way people talk about it it might very well bs absolute shit . 
  because burkini is not a major inconvenience while not going to beach , especially in hot weather is . 
  it 's the same reason why a lot of muslims drink alcohol , have pre-marital sex , curse and whatnot but stay away from pork like it 's pure poison . 
  latter is easier to manage than the former . 
  there is nothing more entertaining than watching greeks , slavs and turks fight each other on internet . 
  so hyped if they actually talk about second greco-turkish war . 
  because she was a prostitute , there is a chance she was killed due to dangers of prostitution instead of being a transvestite . 
  oh yeah , i got confused . 
  if you read what i wrote and think i support erdogan than i 'm worried about your brain . 
  it 's a journalist 's responsibility to convey facts as truthful as they can . 
  this includes fact-checking . 
  does n't matter if it 's from a seemingly respectable news source . 
  also it have been here watching turkish media last month , you 'd realize turkish media has no right to be taken seriously . 
  apparently turks are \u00fcbermensch for defeating a very poorly organized coup by literally zerg rushing tanks . 
  the idiot that decided to attack a lion because he saw a bear ( turkish media ) do it . 
  `` i decided to attack a lion after seeing a bear do it . 
  it 's bear 's fault for making me attack that lion . '', 
  the fact that turkish media is absolute garbage bar one newspaper does n't make it okay when austrian media is garbage . 
  which is also extremely misleading . 
  turkey did n't legalize sex with children under the age of 15 . 
  what happened was that a law was proposed which would differentiate having sex with a toddler and a 15 year old girl . 
  court didnt accept this because it would make sex between underage teens illegal . 
  austrian media picked this up and decided to make it clickbait . 
  to be honest , a good chunk of those muslims are turks who were living in germany for a while , and headscarf/burqa is unpopular with turks . 
  an austrian airport had an advert saying something along the lines of `` they rape 13 year older in turkey legally . '', 
  pretty much non-existant . 
  not only coastal areas of turkey are fairly liberal , people who are religious enough to wear burkini are usually too religious , burkinis are not popular in turkey . 
  even if you do come to beaches with burkinis , most people , including staff , will treat you like shit because a ) wearing burkini means you are middle eastern/arabic , and turks dont like arabs b ) most other tourists , especially from europe dont like seeing them so staff try to make them feel unwelcome , unless they sre explicitly rich . 
  and guardian is wondering why people are reading them less and less . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  sort of . 
  turkish education system and national identity , while improved under atat\u00fcrk , were constantly deteriorating ever since 40s . 
  for half a century , the education system was and is constantly deteriorating .
