  according to the latest polls , around % 30 of akp voters will either vote no , or wo n't vote . 
  what chp and hdp needs to do is to pull these sides to them , somehow . 
  the thing is though that a lot of this % 30 is filled with people who , for largely complex reasons that i simply ca n't get in to , refuse to vote for leftists . 
  chp and hdp needs to somehow pander to these people , ideologies be damned , if they want to win the referandum . 
  a lot of what you said can be done later , if the referandum is won . 
  if it 's lost than the opposition will simply cease to exist . 
  i doubt it . 
  the country is at a stage where you can see beyond propaganda . 
  we barely took a little piece of land in syria while losing 70 soldiers . 
  our economy is about to collapse , and most likely will if referandum is won . 
   but a party that is willing to house such mps and not abolish them is responsible for their rhetoric too . 
  months ago a member ( not even mp ) of our liberal-conservative party said that `` a good turk is a dead turk '' . 
  he was dismissed in a blink of an eye . 
  because at the moment chp is at a stage where it can not alienate anyone voting for it . 
  while i am for expelling him , that would mean alienating more nationalistic part of chp , something that it can not afford . 
  also while i understand your point , `` a good turk is a dead turk '' is not particularly equal to what chp 's mp said . 
   they will lose their reason d'etre . 
  which did n't matter in the end as mhp could only barely get above % 10 threshold . 
  according to multiple polls around % 60 of mhp voters are voting no , and most of them put no for mhp voters above % 50 . 
   the akp has liberal rhetoric ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  because the akp had 40 % support . 
  chp % 25 + hdp % 10-12 and multiple smaller leftist parties that could n't get above the % 10 threshold . 
   `` progressive '' chp mp tanzu ozkhan that said `` i will go the islands and raise the turkish flag . 
  it was also a `` fascist '' chp mp selena do\u011fan who said that `` turkey should stop putting it 's head in the sand and should acknowledge armenian genocide . '' . 
  such a nationalistic rhetoric no ? 
  it was also the `` nationalistic '' chp leader , kemal k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu , who said that ypg was not a terrorist organization and was merely defending it 's territory . 
  the same nationalistic leader was also willing to cooperate with hdp and went ahead to criticize prosecution of leader of hdp . 
  as it turns out a single mp does not change the general politics of a party . 
   keldorn is right . 
  he must be an expert on turkish politics and sociology . . 
  this is sarcasm right ? 
  the thing is that it could 've very well worked if head of mhp did n't backstab chp and hdp . 
  if no wins in the referandum , then mhp will most likely see a change in leadership . 
  at the moment a big majority of mhp voters are voting no anyway . 
  what exactly do you mean by mutiny ? 
  he is the head of mhp , yes . 
  40 % of the country has voted for a party with a liberal rhetoric in the last election . 
  and democratic party were also ardent supporters of slavery and racism . 
  turns out parties can change a lot in years , unless you believe chp is ruled by a sort of immortal council . 
  mhp does not have a rhetoric that emphasizes invading at all directions . 
  not sure where you got that from . 
  also i 'm assuming you are not following turkish politics . 
  like , at all . 
  chp has been fairly liberal for a while , especially the last 3 to 5 years , where they have been actively more inclusive . 
  you mentioned chp invading cyprus . 
  not only was this 40 years ago , if chp was as nationalistic as you like to claim , they certainly would n't be ready to ally with hdp of all people , or protest it when hdp members are prosecuted right before a crucial referandum . 
  you certainly would n't have chp defend ypg/pyd of all organizations . 
  having something to stand for means very little in a situation where your entire existence as an institution and a free nation is at stake . 
  at that point you should fight with whatever you have . 
  it didnt involve a scandal . 
  higher-ups in mhp are working with akp while rest of the party are not and blaming bah\u00e7eli for effectively ending mhp , and they are not wrong . 
  it does n't . 
  despite what the party leader might say , mhp is heavily fractured with majority being no voters . 
  because it was literally the only way to defeat akp . 
  and it would 've worked if head of mhp did n't sell his ass to erdo\u011fan . 
  chp is still fairly liberal . 
  ideologies mean very little when the entire existence of your nation is at stake , which you can see now since erdo\u011fan is a single referendum away from being an actual dictator . 
  is this after bayrou 's endorsement ? 
  nope . 
  this is what happens when you have people with very little formal education constitute most of your police force . 
  majority of those lands under kurdistan are inhabited by ultra-conservative turks . 
  yeah , it 's gon na go pretty well . 
  isnt this guy half-japanese ? 
  saw some people talk about him in r/japancirclejerk . 
  what ? 
  no one can find nz on a map , so they are not afraid of invasions to begin with . 
  then why are you comparing young turk government to atat\u00fcrk ? 
  young turk government actively antagonized atat\u00fcrk and actively sought to undermine him . 
  my point is that the greek massacres happened under young turks . 
  and because it happened under them , the line of thought `` well , they massacred greeks , so obviously population exchange was most likely inhumane '' does not work , because it was atat\u00fcrk that worked the population exchange , not young turks . 
  did you replied to the wrong person ? 
  what about japan then ? 
  japan heavily romanticizes it 's imperial past . 
  nearly all of shinzo abe 's cabinet , including himself , are a part of [ nippon kaigi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nippon_kaigi ) , an organization seeking to reverting japan back to a monarchy and establishing state shinto , which in it 's center believes japanese are essentially superior to other people . 
  they believe all warcrimes japan comitted during and before ww2 were all fabricated and japan literally did nothing wrong . 
  and yet you barely see the same sentiment turkey is shown when it 's japan . 
  people ocassionally mention unit 731 but that 's pretty much it . 
  pedophilia in religious institutions is not exclusive to islam tho . 
  i 'm hoping you are not stupid enough to compare atat\u00fcrk to erdo\u011fan . 
  turkish administration in 20s-30s and in modern day are different . 
  surely i do n't have to spell out this shit for you . 
  got ta put a small girl there so really religious people can get on it . 
  would you say modern-day german administration is likely to gas the jews because nazi germany did it ? 
  or would you say modern day japan is likely to invade and massacre chinese because japanese empire did so ? 
  administration that controlled ottoman empire during ww1 and the one that managed the country during it 's war of independence are starkly different . 
  atat\u00fcrk was actively antagonized by young turks , and the only reason they did n't expel him was because he was a really good commander . 
  just because previous administration massacred does not mean the latter is likely to massacre them . 
  additionally there is nothing indicating that the population exchange was anything but humane , despite what this sub likes to think . 
  the hanged man was the pm and largely the one that instigated the pogroms . 
  so yes , you should care . 
  what happened in 2005 was heavily condemned and people responsible were jailed . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that 's not my point . 
  my point was that the administration that did the massacres and the administration that managed war of independence were different and as such previous administration 's actions can not be precedent over whether the latter they did something or not . 
  idk , ask islamists who did that , especially the one who got hanged for doing it . 
  and the guy above you was talking about balkans in general . 
  talking about greece , settlers in crete were an exception . 
  similar to cyprus , crete was an important trade hub , and as such ottoman government moved artisans , trade and so on from anatolia to crete . 
  what happened in 20s was part of a larger war , just like how greek forces did similar massacres .
