  i 'm not implying those leaders were lucky . 
  i 'm implying that it was lucky of them that they got so many great leaders back to back and in such dire situations . 
  unless makedons were the result of a genetical engineering project , or there is a secret greek tree that bears great leaders at will . 
  and define save . 
  empire was completely bankrupt . 
  if ottomans were driven out , another power , may it be muslim or christian , would gladly take constantinople . 
  not really . 
  hungary , poland , some forces from hre did attempt to dislodge ottomans back in 1444 with crusade of varna , but despite outnumbering ottoman forces , got their shit kicked in with loses double of ottoman loses . 
  loses that included polish-hungarian king wladyslaw and nearly janos hunyadi . 
  they later on tried to dislodge ottomans again , but once again got decisively defeated in kosovo . 
  by the time mehmed came to conquer constantinople , no one wanted to help because for what it seemed , ottomans were effectively invincible . 
  hungarians had a child on throne , had no money or manpower , same for poles . 
  france and england were in hundred year wars , and spain had it 's own muslim problem . 
  and even if they managed to save constantinople in 1453 , it would not mean anything . 
  byzantine empire was long doomed . 
  it had virtually no money , no speakable military power , constantinople was a ghost city . 
  it 's internal systemic problems that haunted it for 700 years , for example , it 's terrible succession system , were mostly left untouched . 
  if mehmed failed , it would 've been another padishah , maybe another anatolian beylik . 
  but byzantine empire would not survive for long . 
  it only survived until 1453 due to a very lucky streak of fantastic rulers like makedons , phokas , alexios komnenos and micheal palaiologos . 
  the top minds of greece have found out our plan defcon 1 , i repeat , defcon 1, 
   you can fool ignorant westerners who know nothing of turkey on this subreddit , but i know better . 
  the giaour know shut it down, 
  holy shit can sweden e v e r recover ? 
  that 's us . 
  this is turkey mate . 
  it 's a trap . 
  hope this gets upvoted , this thread will contain copious amounts of drama . 
  there is a massive difference of wealth between west and east of turkey . 
  the general consensus of the dead is actually much higher , around 10 million , with some claiming even 15 million . 
  i do n't see many trolls . '', 
  people do n't eat much meat in poorer regions , and meat prices are generally somewhat high , not outrageously so , but still high . 
  also no pork and fish not counting as meat here makes it seem lower . 
  i 'm not sure why eu is so ardent about stopping erdogan from doing shit like this . 
  it arguably helps them more as it feeds into his supporters ' victim mentality . 
  suprised this got on reddit now , since this is more than a couple of weeks old . 
  tbh he was so ineffective that he might 've already been shot and we just didnt realize it yet . 
  it 's like art immitating life immitating art . 
  * all around me are familiar faces ... *, 
   implying only benevolent and good type of government is a democracy, 
  i like how hdp-supporters get mad at chp for playing into and including nationalists within their ranks , but does n't mind when secular , social democratic , feminist hdp very fondly remembers a radical islamist rebellion , a rebellion that included military officers that took part in hamidian massacres and later armenian genocide . 
  also ,  opendemocracy  it derives its name from and has been funded by george soros ' open society foundations . 
  yes , nothing suspicious about this at all . 
   then you could elucidate further , possibly citing sources . 
   what is it ? 
  that you can not say more than half of the country voted for him . 
   did candidates from the opposing side have in mind to amend the constitution to gain more power ? 
  what candidates ? 
  no party in the senate supported the coup . 
   also , they did not have an islamist agenda . 
  there have n't been any secularists in the military for years . 
  akp and cemaat got rid of most of them long ago . 
  the `` coup was plotted by secularist armymen . '', 
  thing is something only people who have very little idea about internal politics of turkey say . 
   well , he 's already at it . 
  no evolution = sharia law . 
  got it . 
   you have granted him much more power . 
  voters & institutions matter less now . 
  but it still matters . 
  in a decade or less , when turkish economy collapses , it 'll be his voters who will demand his ass on a pike . 
   50 % of eligible voters + 1 voter is the majority . 
  that 's democracy . 
  and ? 
  that 's not my point . 
   allowing a crazed tyrant to assume more constitutional powers and to instate an islamic system does n't sound like the best solution to me between the given options . 
  `` let 's exchange one crazed tyrant for another crazed tyrant . 
  that has always worked out ! '', 
  also erdogan can not instate an islamic system . 
  not when majority of his voters are against it . 
  especially when coup was organized likely by an islamist . 
  chp did try that . 
  when last year akp got only % 40 of the vote , they suggested a coalition between them , hdp ( kurds ) and mhp ( nationalists ) . 
  hdp was fine with it but mhp refused . 
   abstention is really a bad idea because voting is the only weapon citizens have , even when elections are not 100 % regular . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good idea . 
  i 'm saying not entire half of the country voted for him . 
   in which period ? 
  current republic period . 
   i 'd have undoubtedly chosen the second option . 
  then i 'm assuming you do n't know much about coups in turkey . 
  we are at the current position because of these coups . 
  only % 51 of % 80 of the country voted yes , amidst claims of election rigging and government declaring ballots that did not have seals of them counted towards votes , despite official voting guidelines saying they did not count . 
  and turkey had roughly 3 coups by this point , and maybe bar the first , all of them fucked us over . 
  * the spice must flow *, 
  feels bad man . 
  uk helped with the bombardment and close to entirety of all major european countries signed on the operations and supported them . 
  ireland iirc has no abortion , which adds a lot to their birthrate . 
  culture does not only mean arts and music . 
  it also includes behavior and customs . 
  also in few of what you linked the page itself says that certain arts continues to exist , like ottoman court synthesizing greek and persian music and having greek musicians on the court , and icons still existing in ottoman territories . 
  and pretty much everything you counted continued on in ottoman greece , balkans and russia . 
  by 2050 we will all end up like habsburgs . 
  a fate worse than death . 
  outside of the fact that turkish conquest of anatolia has very little to do with what is happening today , there is no such thing as `` byzantine '' culture . 
  greece , pontics , cappadocians etc had relatively different cultures from each other . 
  also ottomans did assimilate a lot of cultures inhabiting anatolia , hence why modern day turks are different than turkic central asians . 
  lusting after young adult effeminate boys were pretty common in ottomans and safavids/persia . 
   bzzzzzt . 
  they are n't going to be getting japanese citizenship any time soon .
