  when i wake up , for breakfast , i take out my frozen kurdish baby and fry it . 
  afterward , i take my authentic turkish rifle from ww1 , and start shooting kurds in my garden , planted there by ministry of kurdish annihilation . 
  after this rather tiring exercise , i go to my work where i 'm responsible for throwing kurds into vats of lava , a rather honest living i 'd say myself . 
  after this work , i get to home immediately and go to sleep , my bed made by perfectly burned kurdish language books . 
  i 'm not sure how you can say this when erdo\u011fan openly supports iraqi kurdistan and barzani . 
  a good chunk of infrastructure in erbil and the region were build by turkish companies . 
  erdo\u011fan sells weapons to peshmerge , and recently sent officers to train some of them . 
   get the fuck back to your cave in / r/turkey . 
  looking at your comments on the subreddit , you are not in a too different cave yourself . 
  i 'm gon na copy your comments here just so people can see what kind of jaded child you are : ** `` most likely the turks ( and their fat mothers , fathers , grandfathers , sisters , daughters and sons ) would get anally and orally fucked by kurdish cocks right there and then . 
  turks barely escaped from kurdish fury in paris not that long ago . 
  see the nationalists running like cowards , dropping their precious turkish and ataturk flags ? . 
  skip to 01:07 to hear the screams of the turkish women ( and men ) . 
  that 's the sound turks make when kurds come and their army is not there to protect them . 
  `` to crush your enemies , to see them driven before you , and to hear the lamentations of their women ! '', 
  is not just a fictional quote in this sense . 
  lol !, 
  ** ** yeah . 
  that 's the difference between kurds and turks . 
  kurds are true warriors ( remember that graph from several weeks ago which / r/turkey went furious over ? 
  ) , whereas turks are only powerful because of their technological advantage and economic and political power . 
  remove that , and the turkish butthole ( and/or pussyhole ) will be exposed to fat , raging kurdish dicks . 
  ** ** according to very accurate predictions , istanbul will be majority kurdish within 2 decades . 
  some turk on here said it would take 1 or 2 generations to integrate them within turkish society . 
  haha , you do n't even have a generation or 2 based on those statistics . 
  and besides , kurdish culture has always proven to be superior and more dominant . 
  so more likely , the turks in istanbul will eventually kurdify and integrate within kurdish society . 
  for the very simple reason that kurdish is a true culture and identity , whereas '' turkish '' was forced upon the people of anatolia . 
  most '' turks '' in istanbul are probably greek anyway , : lolsmiley : . 
  by the way , never forget who did the actual job . 
  your turn will come . 
  '' ** ** `` why are you sending your condolences to these pigs ? 
  over the past year , these pigs have been celebrating the death of kurds . 
  not a single time did these pigs come to / r/kurdistan to say their condolences when terrorist attacks happened in kurdistan . 
  when kobane was under siege , these pigs justified the siege and said '' isis is a bigger threat , that is why we do n't intervene '' , while kurdish women and children were dying . 
  these kemalist and erdoganist pigs , including the double-faced piece of shit who replied to your comment , provided isis even with supporter that resulted in the death of 75 kurdish civilians in kobane ( after the siege was broken ) . 
  ** ** and why are you saying '' region '' ? 
  are you too afraid to say just '' kurdistan '' ? 
  yes , you are . 
  because you know you 're among turks , and you know how the average turks reacts and thinks whenever someone says '' kurdistan '' . 
  you added '' region '' to let them know you 're from '' iraqi '' kurdistan and not from '' turkish '' kurdistan , so they do n't need to be worried or hate you because you might be a '' pkk hewal/biji/etc . 
  '' ** ** it 's sad people died in this terrorist attack . 
  but no need from a kurd to give these turks , who have been slaughtering our people and denying our basic rights for 100 years , condolences . 
  '' ** you are not at all different from rabid ultra-nationalists here who claim kurds are not human . 
  you are a deluded manchild . 
  i read parts of it . 
  it 's okay , however you 'll have a better time reading atat\u00fcrk 's memoirs and memoirs of their friends if you want to know more about him . 
  majority of turks in europe has a very distorted view of turkey . 
  i know multiple people whose families had massive culture shock when they moved back to turkey . 
  they think it 's some sort of dreamland and whatever bad said about it is mere propaganda . 
  yes . 
  kinross had no knowledge of both ottoman and modern turkish . 
  he never been to turkey nor looked at turkish archives . 
  all of his sources are purely british sources written pre-ww2 . 
  it 's a pretty bad book that even someons with moderate amount of knowledge about ottomans can easily dissect . 
  pls no, 
  wikipedia still uses lord kinross ' shitty book about ottomans in majority of it 's articles about the empire . 
  a good chunk of non-european history articles in wikipedia are either biased or blatantly wrong . 
  majority of anatolia was turkish for a long time before ww1 . 
  if you are worrying about existence of democracy , dont be . 
  after the attempted coup , akp supporters were chanting `` fuck yeah republic '' `` fuck yeah democracy '' . 
   nikola tesla croatian here we go boys, 
  people here adore the concept of republic . 
  no matter how authoritarian it might be . 
  you can go look at what critics are thinking about the movie . 
  nah , all those reviewers are obviously bought by erdogan . 
  in fact , i 'm sure all those reviewers are in fact , erdogan . 
  what is even more funny is that critic score is lower than the score on imbd . 
  ca n't wait until people realize this movie , is in fact , pretty fucking bad and claim `` i-i mean it 's not that bad ... '' when they realized they were guilt-tripped into giving their money to a shitty movie about genocide of a million people . 
  nah , i hope they do n't . 
  i want all that downvoted me to see this terrible movie and waste their time and money . 
  it was average . 
  however i would n't say it was great by any strecth of imagination . 
  also there is exodus . 
  terminator : salvation says hi . 
  also http://www.metacritic.com/movie/the-promise-2016, 
  do n't really give a shit lol . 
  you can see here what critics have to say about it : http://www.metacritic.com/movie/the-promise-2016 it 's a mediocre and soapy romance movie that has an important historical event as it setting so it can milk people that geniunely care about the said event . 
  you most likely do n't . 
  it has around 38 points between actual reviewers in metacritic . 
  ottomans and persians had a very different view of homosexuality until european influence spread . 
  the `` motif '' of a somewhat older , bearded man lusting after a young , androgynous boy was a moderately common topic in ottoman and persian poetry . 
  they also believe that current german federation is illegal/illegitimate , and german empire still exists . 
  why does boris johnson look like a reanimated corpse ? 
  kemalist faction was eliminated by erdo\u011fan around 2008-2010 , when he was still friends with g\u00fclen . 
  when g\u00fclen attempted his coup , kemalist faction was pretty much non-existant , with majority of their leaders imprison several years ago for planning a coup . 
  he has his own sect called hizmet . 
  it 's weird amalgamation of several other sects , however the gist of it is that , those who `` serve '' ( hizmet means service in english ) the religion and religious leaders will automatically go to heaven , doesnt matter what they order . 
  i mean , western thrace still has a turkish minority while izmir and istanbul has not . 
  fethullah g\u00fclen was not a soft islamist by any extent . 
  doesnt it take 50 years to expire if the cores have a different culture ? 
  also i think turkey revoked their cores after war of independence and the population exchange . 
  my padishah we have gained the `` conquest '' casus belli against greece they hold provinces we have claims on take western thrace, 
  that 's not the point . 
  many of the ideas during enlightement flourished due to dialogue . 
  none of those ideas would 've come to fruition if not for some degree of freedom of speech . 
  same goes for majority of dialogue based movements around the world . 
  it 's pretty fucking stupid to curtail something like freedom of speech just because freedom of speech had a little to do with a dictator killed a lot of people . 
  it also allowed things like protestant reformation and enlightenment happen . 
  but whatever .
