  we should slso ban using fire for anything because fire can burn people . 
  imo you could argue that if fourth crusade never happened byzantine empire would 've been able to hold out ottomans . 
  or if italians didnt started to help turkey during turkish war of independence , then turkey might not have won the war . 
  venetians and ww1 and ww2 italy were not romans though . 
  they were all western spies , its okay . 
  i 'd say italians have fucked you over more than we did . 
  kurds have their own names for many southeastern cities that they use between them , most of the southeastern city names were turkified more than a century ago . 
  idk . 
  i completely closed myself to domestic politics . 
  my brother claims there are some pretty spicy stuff , tho i dont really care . 
  although apparently he has some emails with extremely racist stuff in them . 
  a whole bunch of mails from erdogan 's daughters ' husband . 
  again , kurds have iraqi kurdistan , and iirc it 's recognized by un and several other nations . 
   they are a people so they need a country . 
  kurds already have their own country in northern iraq . 
  pkk wants southeastern turkey to create their communist nation there . 
  iraqi kurdistan and pkk are already hostile to each other . 
  no , in southeastern turkey . 
  for last several months turkish army have been on full assault of pkk and their positions . 
  they are getting desperate for the large part . 
  but thats literally what allowing is . 
  not really sure what 's wrong with that . 
  they need to be allowed to demonstrate as unplanned ones can cause problems in schedules and whatnot . 
  i 'd like to call us sch\u00f6dinger 's balkan . 
  balkan and not depending on the situation , terrain and weather . 
  there it is . 
  your tears are delicious . 
  did anyone expected this to go anywhere ? 
  people got super riled up when merkel allowed it to go through for no reason . 
  in historical terms , great pretty much never means good . 
  it means important or monumental . 
  they are called great because they very important to history as a whole , in this case , an empire that spanned from modern day greece to western india and egypt . 
  frederick the great , despite generally treating his polish subjects badly , known as great because under him , prussia managed to surviva against austria and russia , with the famous miracle of hohenzollern . 
  why learn about yugoslav wars when you can relive the experience right here in this comment section ? 
  dont mind me , i 'm just here to watch people from balkan have a flame war . 
  trump is pretty close to being president of america . 
  he claimed that fethullah g\u00fclen and cia were planning to cause an earthquake through strange voodoo magicks . 
  * muffled mehter march heard in the distance *, 
  melih g\u00f6k\u00e7ek is oue most special mayor . 
  he is a national treasure , so please ~ ~ dont take him seriously ~ ~ do n't hurt his feefees . 
  the argument of abortion is a philosphical argument too . 
  for starters , entire `` killing humans is bad for stability of the society '' is a philosphical argument . 
  `` cutting a cat 's tail is very bad '' is also a philosophical argument . 
  if you want to talk about whether or not abortion should be legal , you 'll eventually get to talk philosophy , because the value we give to human life is about our philosophical view in our society . 
  you claimed someone is possibly a nazi because they dare not take science as % 100 to everything and discuss the philosophical side of human existence . 
  come back when you stop thinking anyone that disagrees with you is a malicious person or a nazi . 
  last time someone took a this long leap they smashed into the pavement and died . 
  you can say the same for cumming outside/using birth control or a condom . 
  if you think that is outstandingly brutal then you must be new to history . 
  osman hamdi bey , one of the prominent members of young turk movement was half greek . 
  his father was born in chios islands and was orphaned at a young age after turkish soldiers killed greek rebels there during their war of independence . 
  that would still fester unrest , as you mightve guessed , people are not fine about being ruled by people that only rule over you for colonial ambitions . 
  majority of northeastern turkey was populated by turks and laz , a caucasian people . 
  after russian empire took control of upper caucauses , peoples like circassians moved to those regions , increasing muslim population there . 
  according to armenian patriarchate , armenians only made % 40 of the population in six armenian vilayets aka western armenia aka wilsonian armenia , while according to official ottoman records in 1912 , there numbers were around % 30 . 
  only city they were a majority was van , while in cities like sivas and elaz\u0131\u011f they werd somewhere between % 30 and % 50 . 
  you can find numbers for most of the ottoman states/regions if you look around a bit . 
  majority of them were made public by historians . 
  i 'm not saying that they didnt had racists in them , bu initially , their objective was to restore constitutional monarchy . 
  after they took control did their racism grew . 
  only certain cities in eastern anatolia had an armenian majority . 
  according to armenian patriarch of constantinople in 1913 , muslims outnumbered armenians 3 to 1 state of van . 
  only in city of van did armenians had a majority , albeit slight . 
  majority if the regions in wilsonian armenia had turkish and kurdish majorities . 
  and regions that would be taken by italians and french also had turkish majorities . 
  and having a population exchange would fuck over turkey even more . 
  after ww1 turkey didnt even remotely had the capacity to manage millions of refugees that would be transferred due to population exchange , increasing unrest between population . 
  same happened with nazi germany , areas like east prussia , danzig and north-eastern germany were major hotbeds of nazi regime , some areas voting % 90 for nazis due to being forced out of their lands ( prussians ) or being forced into really shitty situations ( danzig ) . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  giving many majorly turkish areas to different powers would propel revanchism in population to crazy heights , most likely even causing turkey to side with axis in ww2 , helping nazis in middle east immensely . 
  not really true to blame young turks for ultra-nationalism in dissolution of ottoman empire . 
  young turk revolution started as a movement to reform ottoman empire into a constitutionam monarchy , an was largely dominated by writers , artists and generally intellectuals . 
  many late 19th century and 20th century ottoman intellectuals were a part of the movement . 
  it wasnt until 1910s when group started to splinter heavily and became more militarized , culminating infamous three pashas seizing power , that they became what they were truly known for . 
  and when three pashas took power , they were primarily known as cup , not young turks . 
  [ so this is what they call immorality of the west . 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/126/059/142.jpg ), 
   buying bacon flavored toothpaste what, 
  i know . 
  and ottoman leaders learned from vlad and started doing the entire impaling thing too . 
  kinda ironic to say , because it was an ottoman policy to impale arabian royals if they dared question ottoman authority back in 17th century . 
  hey man , get on with the times , it was n't wild animals . 
  it was , i shit you not , a giant cloud of sand , a really fucking mad giant cloud of sand sent by allah . 
  the powerword in here is `` cult '' . 
  many of his voters would not dare question him , not that they know how to . 
  he can say or annoy greece all he wants . 
  he doesnt have even a semblance of a spine , so he wont do anything . 
  erdo\u011fan wo n't do shit , and he knows it too . 
  erdo\u011fan is most undistrilled , pure populist out there . 
  he rides on his image and that alone . 
  he says things not because they are logical , but because his supporters like it . 
  as long as he has the image of a strong leader , a lot of people will vote for him , most of those people are those who have little to no understanding of anything . 
  he was minister of education for a short duration in 1919 and interior minister between 1919 and 1921 . 
  he was also a teacher at a university but was fired after students petitioned him to be fired due to his anti-independence rhetoric . 
  not just wanted . 
  he actually funded anti-independence forces and put forth laws against anyone who supported independence . 
  fun fact : boris johnson 's great-grandfather was a famous traitor to turkish independence movement during the war of independence . 
  why does the italian guy look like descartes tho ? 
  all which will get fucked silly by geraldo 's * morally grey * cock . 
  except that 's not what i 'm saying .
