  roxelana had 3 out of 4 sons executed , including suleiman 's talented son mustafa . 
  eh , i 'm not sure of that . 
  suleyman died during the battle of natural causes , it 's unlikely ottomans would launch an assault on vienna so soon after their padishah died . 
  after the gaddafi libya became a utopia with free caviar and blowjobs . 
  go back to the thread when a turkish stadium got attacked . 
  there were multiple comments , some with 70-ish upvotes that said `` turkey deserved this since they support terrists . '', 
  is n't it countries like uk selling billions of dollars of weapons and funding to saudi arabia ? 
  it was also many countries including uk who bombed libya . 
   should n't be . 
  i mean , it 's still turkish . 
  technically yes . 
  old turkish/celestial turkish is similar to modern turkish and a person can relatively easy understand . 
  which is also why most turkic languages ( turkish , kazakh etc. ), 
  are relatively similar . 
  only historians probably . 
  a historian teacher of mine said it 's neither hard nor complicated , but it 's pointless to teach people . 
  could 've kept the tradition of near east by having a weird alphabet . 
  if it was n't for people like him erdo\u011fan would be a head of state to begin with . 
  while i do think he is pure scum , the title implies he was only criticizing erdogan , when thats not the case . 
  for some context , he is an ** ardent ** supporter of fethullah g\u00fclen , even saying that at one point soon he would change his surname to g\u00fclen . 
  s\u00f6zc\u00fc used to be a lot more moderate . 
  lately it has been a game of guessing whether s\u00f6zc\u00fc is serious , or if it 's saying something purely to `` dare/provoke '' erdo\u011fan . 
  why would erdo\u011fan imprison chp when the sheer incompetence of their leadership helps them win all the time ? 
  according to that population count , turks formed 11.7 million of 13.6 million . 
  depends on what you mean by willingly . 
  islamization of bosnia and regions in balkans took a very long time and mostly was due to gain benefits since they were now living under a muslim monarch . 
  and even if the conversions were unwilling , would n't it make it especially wrong , since muslim balkan people are technically victims in this case ? 
  i 'm slightly wrong , there was a british report conducted that put the popylation in 15 million . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuva-yi_inzibatiye  the new government -- hoping to undermine the national movement -- passed a fatwa ( legal opinion ) from \u015eeyh\u00fclislam to qualify the turkish revolutionaries as infidels , calling for the death of its leaders . 
  [ 60 ] the fatwa stated that true believers should not go along with the nationalist ( rebels ) movement . 
  along with this religious decree , the government sentenced mustafa kemal and prominent nationalists to death in absentia . 
  not particularly suprised you are ignorant about the topic you are arguing about . 
  and so ? 
  does that mean those people still deserved to be persecuted and killed ? 
  `` biggest penis in history , maybe ever . '', 
   armenians were 2.5 million and anatolian muslims were 10 according to first census of turkey , done in 1919 , muslim population of anatolia was 15 million , 3 million of this said that they spoke turkish . 
   was the ottoman rule formed and sustained through asking the local population ? 
  if the greek march was an invasion , the turkish rule was no less an occupation . 
  yep . 
  ottoman control of greece and anatolia were occupations . 
  hence why turkish nationalist movement also fought against ottoman government . 
  none of what you said makes any sense none whatsoever unless you are automatically assuming i support whatever erdo\u011fan does since i 'm a turk , which is even more stupid . 
  for starters , even in the most generous estimates , armenians were not 1/4 of turkish population . 
  and secondly , you do accept that it was an invasion since it was conducted without asking the population and getting their approval . 
  no , i said that the fact that having some cities with names in the same language as your does not give you right to invade other countries . 
   why invade other turkic nations when you can use them as your vessels and send terrorists from those states into syria ? 
  was there a secret front in turkish war of independence that took place in syria that saw turks use central asian terrorists ? 
   you do n't answer a question with another question . 
  yes i do . 
  and i just did . 
  and i ask again : when invading turkey , does the opinion of local turks about the invasion does n't matter compared to local greeks ? 
  at their highest early ( since after devshirme system was removed , local turks were allowed to enlist ) numbers , jannissaries were around 10-20k , much , much less than muslim balkan population . 
  not to mention that nearly entirety of jannissaries were forced into service , and by the time balkan muslims started to get persecuted , jannissaries were long gone . 
   the cities have greek names , history and people . 
  a lot of cities and areas in transoxiana and central asia have turkic names . 
  does that give turkey the right to invade turkmenistan and complain when the nation that 's being invaded decides this shit is not okay and kicks your teeth in ? 
   the greeks are not locals but the ottomans are ? 
  and the turks living there are not ? 
  it was them who rebelled and fought against greek invasion , but i suppose their voice does n't matter while what greeks say do huh :\\ ^ ), 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure converted slavs in balkans had a lot to do with turkish imperialism :\\ ^ ), 
   greece had a reason , the kemalists declared war on greece maybe you should n't invade other countries and the local populace wo n't `` declare war '' on you . 
   greece was forced to strike at their base and put an end to this before they had the chance to counter attack next time do n't invade other countries and you wo n't get to have to strike at bases or fear counter attacks by local population . 
  remember when all of these publications were blowing erdo\u011fan under the theme of `` muh moderate islamist '' ? 
   prageru how about no, 
  finland sounds like japanese . 
  public execution . 
  you are far away from the normies . 
   in fact `` at most '' it you should be saying to be 3.4 million , a fucking million more for the armenians !, 
  does not change much . 
  it is still fairly lower than turkish population . 
   in the ottoman estimations it does n't even include kurds . . no , but turkey 's later on censuses do , earliest being in 1927 , which indicate roughly % 10 of the population being kurds . 
  unless between 1890s and 1927 , around 5 million kurds suddenly died for no apparent reason , turks are still the majority . 
   so basically you copied wikipedia , did n't check the source and made some random conclusion . . 
  if these 16 `` turkish '' individuals were from the coasts , in the same article it mentions that these 16 individuals were all taken from different geographical locations . 
   what a joke . 
  interesting , did you come to this conclusion through a proper research , while having the proper credentials to claim a peer-reviewed and published research paper is a joke ? 
  and earlier you were complaining about me not being interested in facts , when right here , you are refusing to accept the facts because they do not support your backwards , racist world view . 
   do n't think so . 
  this is largely what ottoman census value and research by historians indicate . 
  armenian population , at most , was around 2.4 million , while for greeks , the number is around 1.8 to 3 million . 
  even with the highest estimates , turks are still the majority . 
   no , let 's be clear . 
   several studies have concluded that the genetic haplogroups indigenous to western asia have the largest share in the gene pool of the present-day turkish population . 
  [ 2 ] [ 2 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] an admixture analysis determined that the anatolian turks share most of their genetic ancestry with non-turkic populations in the region and the 12th century is set as an admixture date . 
  [ 14 ]  the largest autosomal study on turkish genetics predicted that the weight of central asian migration legacy of the turkish people is estimated at 21.7 % . 
  [ 4 ]  before world war i , there were an estimated 1.8 million greeks living in the ottoman empire . 
  [ 3 ]  in 1992 , raymond h. kevorkian and paul b. paboudjian published a book containing figures drawn from the armenian archives and based on the archives of the armenian patriarchate of constantinople , ranging from february 1913 to august 1914 , that contains the figures for each ottoman province in detail . 
  the figures included here come from their book . 
  for the figure of the entire ottoman armenian population , those records indicate 1,914,620 . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_armenian_population https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_studies_on_turkish_people https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_greeks, 
   you 'll never see them admit that european turks are descended from bulgarians and bosniaks and generally islamized balkan peoples this could n't be farther from the truth lol . 
  by the time turks arrived , most of central anatolians peoples were already hellenized , like cappadocians , though whether they were hellenized enough to be called greek may be a point of argue . 
  however , it largely does not change my point . 
  turks were the majority in anatolia long before massacres and deportations in 19th and 20th centuries . 
  and none of what you say change the point that you are engaging in whataboutism , wrong whataboutism . 
   and no , majorit of modern day turks are not greeks ans armenians lmao . 
  i am assuming this claim comes not from your own ass but from actual research and genetical testing . 
   racist to kurds m'kay . 
   vote brigading ai n't life lovely when you can just blame all your problems on shills ? 
  majority of modern day turks are greeks and armenians that were in time assimilated . 
  only a small percentage of modern day turks carry asian/nomadic genes .
