  additionally , according to a polling company , % 87 of akp voters are against granting syrians citizenship . 
  erdogan is playing a massive gamble right now . 
  no one that famously had a role in armenian genocide is seen as a hero here . 
  we will join just to leave minutes after . 
  for the lulz . 
  how suprising . 
  who could 've suspected this . 
  i 'm completely suprised . 
  wow . 
   what the fuck is up with the world that this has become an actual response by people there is nothing wrong with the world to be frank . 
  the world is becoming safer every year according to statistics . 
  it 's just that news network get a hard-on for mass shootings and such , since that means more views . 
  crime is pretty overreported lately . 
   not true . 
  they did want to get in at least until recently , certainly before erdogan but even during his early years . 
  turkey knew they had no way of joining , especially after cyprus . 
  governments knew this and just used joining eu as a carrot , as most of the public had no idea what it took to join eu . 
  turkey and turkish government never had intentions of joining eu . 
  the government and parties just used it as a political promise since being in eu meant higher living standarts . 
  erdogan is only wanting the benefits now since he can get them easily due to refugee crisis . 
  there are newspaper headlined from 80s where leader of the majority said that `` we are in eu by 1990 . '', 
  without actually doing anything about it . 
  we also landed a spacecraft on a comet . 
  it 's not important at all though compared to the company that was able to send a spacecraft into space . 
  it 's pretty impressive how you can still be butthurt about something that happened 550 years ago . 
  its more of a centrist country . 
  after ataturk , all winning parties were centrists . 
  most countries did equally shitty things during those times . 
  that 's why no country talks about pre-1850s fucked up stuff . 
  it pops up in asian media . 
  west couldnt care less if they tried . 
  i guarantee you , not even % 10 of this country wants to join eu . 
   no satisfaction at all . 
  the opposite . 
  dealing with this subject is depressing and dealing with the brainwashed people who are otherwise quite normal and do n't realize what immoral , inhumane , fascist position they are taking with denying a genocide is really , relay tiresome . 
  still does n't make it okay to treat everyone you see like trash . 
   what exactly is your point here ? 
  do n't antagonize and be mean to people and you wo n't have such a depressing time . 
   bullshit , you know quite well what 's up here . 
  it 's a tactic . 
  you think that if you bullshit your words around nobody would notice that you are in fact just arguing against the genocide . 
  are you tripping ? 
   `` leave this to historians '' does n't mean you believe in historians it 's just easier to deny it , because you can repress the truth this way . 
  where the fuck did i said that ? 
  i never said `` leave this to historians . '', 
   you are now 4-5 replies deep and you have n't said anything that was n't already included in my first comment . 
  your first comment does n't include `` i 'm fine with apology , and i 'm fine with reparations as long as they are reasonable and wo n't displace my people . '', 
   i do n't buy that bullshit . 
  i just completely throw that whole useless process away and go the the actual point . 
  the fact that you still try just cements what i said with the inb4 comment . 
  i literally said what my point was . 
  but it 's pretty fucking obvious you do n't read any of my comments and nitpick what you see to make me look bad . 
  no wonder you have such a depressing time arguing this topic . 
  you simply lie and antagonize people . 
  there is literally no difference between you and ultra-nationalist turks who say they should 've killed more armenians , or racists who say they should just kill and enslave all turks and reconquer constantinople tone-wise . 
   how long was it before you start threatening ? 
  universally where every conversation with turks on the subject ends . 
  calm and pleasant threats . 
  outside of internet , most of them were half-armenian friends of mine , or they had a form of armenian ancestry . 
  one of them was an armenian journalist that lived in turkey and wrote for an armenian newspaper . 
  there were no threats or hostility . 
  you are not arguing for the justice for millions of innocents killed 100 years ago . 
  you are arguing for self-satisfaction . 
  if you were actually looking to change people 's mind you wouldnt be ridiculing people and wouldnt be talking in such an unpleasant tone . 
  you are not so much different than turks who go full on racist on this topic . 
  fortunately not all armenians i argued are like you . 
  most of them were fairly calm and pleasant . 
  i 'd be fine with an official apology . 
  i 'd be perfectly fine with financial reparations , as long as they are reasonable . 
  erdogan 's stupid palace cost us 8 million dollars every month , and took around half a million to build . 
  surely his family 's personal belongings would be enough and maybe more . 
  although if they want land , than i 'm sure they can wait another century , or try and take it themselves . 
  show me where i denied the genocide lol . 
  if you spent your last 10 years arguing with people then i actually feel sad for you . 
  also the guy you were insulting above didnt even denied the genocide . 
  you have been arguing in this topic for apparently 10 years but you still refuse to listen to people . 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about how you are not reading what he wrote and instead writing meaningless shit . 
  he literally said that he wished this was recognized sooner and not as a political move but as a gesture to victims . 
  can you people debate without demeaning or antagonizinf another group ? 
  i 'm doubtful of this , as gezici pusts opposite differentials every few months , so no matter what happens , they can still point out and say `` see , we were right . '', 
  this is no excuse . 
  greeks were under ottoman rule for 400 years , and their anthem has a pretty baller name . 
  what 's with serbian anthem 's super edgy name ? 
  turkish government recently changed the way it calculates it 's gdp , so do n't be fooled by this . 
  it 's because , as it turns out , people are more tolerant and accepting , and also more civilized when they are living in abundance and stability . 
  this is why muslim turks living in western turkey or those living in azerbaijan are much more tolerant and civilized compared to a muslim living in yemen or afghanistan . 
  more refugees mean possibly more crimes commit by refugees which inturn mean increased rhetoric against refugees and muslims in general . 
  just the increase in refugees is bound to irritate people and move them towards anti-immigrant parties . 
  i 'm not sure what you are saying in the second sentence . 
  it is huge because in me muslims are killing and persecuting each other over ethnic and religious differences , while these people are helping them despite this , while likely being not particularly rich themselves . 
  in syria , it 's muslims who are killing other muslims . 
  in iraq , it 's muslims killing other muslims . 
  a lot of this happens both due to race and religious differences , like sunni-shia or alawite divide . 
  looking at middle east and claiming `` oh , of course muslims are gon na help each other '' is pretty asinine when muslims in middle east are prone to fighting each other over religious differences and have tensions over ethnic differences . 
  this is especially the case when countries like saudi arabia are fairly hesitant in helping syrian refugees . 
  the statistics also does not say anything about how many of these people are christians or muslims sects that go against theirs . 
   how is this positive about muslims ? 
  the fact that they are helping refugees much more compared to others ? 
  we ca n't allow these sand pe - i mean muslims to be shown in a positive light .
