  it does n't really matter if they do or not . 
  those `` guest workers '' will stay for a very long time because japan needs them to keep their workforce occupied , as japanese population and birthrate wo n't increase anytime soon . 
   where are these refugee limitations being lifted you were telling me about ? 
  i originally meant to write immigrants , but fine . 
   it was < 1 % last time i checked . 
  according to reuters , % 15 . 
  and according to research , this will likely increase many refugees still do n't have their asylum applications approved , and majority of them do n't know german . 
   nowhere else is undergoing demographically or culturally transformative levels of immigration in response to subreplacement fertility are you missing ? 
  turkey , pretty much entirety of arabian peninsula bar yemen , most of central asia , pakistan . 
  because it does n't have much to do with wealth . 
  it largely has to do with urbanization and economic prospects . 
  pretty much entirety of europe , sk and japan are heavily urbanized and as such have birthrates . 
  additionally most of those countries no longer see major economic growth , and in quite lot of cases , economic regression or stagnation , and as such birthrates fall lower . 
  as countries like thailand , argentina and so on get more and more urbanized , their birthrate will fall even lower . 
   seriously ? 
   may 2017 : japan rejects more than 99 % of refugee applications  `` accepting only 28 people in 2016 '' https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-25/a-wary-japan-quietly-opens-its-back-door-for-foreign-workers  bet you a million if they do take a non-trivial number of immigrants they 'll be koreans . 
  they have roughly 2 million immigrants , likely to rise , majority of them being chinese and south-east asian . 
  so yeah , give me my million now . 
   if it keeps doubling every decade but the native britons ' birthrate is below replacement then where will we be 2050 ? 
  immigrants have neither the birthrate nor the immigration rate to outnumber britons by then . 
   they were only able to deport a small fraction who lost their asylum cases . 
  and ? 
  still does not change the fact that it 's not a neccessity at the moment , so government does n't really care . 
   western consumerism is spreading like cancer ? 
  who knew ? 
  yeah , it 's not like socialist countries also boast a low birth rate . 
  ussr for example had a below replacement rate . 
  muh western exceoptionalism . 
   you know what they wo n't be doing ? 
  importing people who 'll replace their culture , my point which all your argumentation is avoiding . 
  except a lot of those countries have immigrant populations and net immigration rates similar to european countries . 
  and immigration rate is not high enough to replace europeans anytime soon , and most of sub-replacement rate countries that are not taking refugees will face severe economical problems that are much less likely to affect europe . 
   russia 's tanked because of the fall of the ussr and as far as i know they 're succeeding in increasing it . 
  it largely fall because russia 's death rate was ridicilously high , and their birth-rate is still fairly low . 
   japan values its own people and culture so much it would rather ignore the western naysayers and deal with the effects of an aging population than have immigration . 
  last few years japan has already removed certain limitations for refugees several times . 
  and no , they are not just going to deal with it . 
  according to pm abe , japan 's biggest problem is it 's aging population and country 's number 1 priority is to keep the population above 100m . 
  however projections show that it will likely fall below 100m by 2050 , even with several government programs trying to stop it . 
   china purposefully wanted to reduced its population . 
  and despite lifting one-child restriction several years ago , their birthrate is only barely rising , and it 's way below replacement rate . 
  what i wonder is , will you be able to find excuses for the remaining 120 countries with sub-replacement birth rate ? 
   britain 's muslim population has doubled in a decade . 
  and it 's still below 3 million , only % 4 of the population . 
   look at germany 's population pyramid ; its birthrate is catastrophic . 
  how many million mena men there now ? 
  roughly 4-5 million , depending on whether you count turks or not . 
   ( remember the stories the other year about germany being unable to deport more than a handful at a time ? ) . 
  because it 's not a neccessity at the moment . 
  do you also happen to be a navy seal with 300 confirmed kills ? 
  the big mistake was destabilizing me and maghreb . 
  people , including gaddafi warned that destabilizing mena would result in refugees from those regions flowing freely . 
  good thing i do n't know german then . 
  according to most reports , yes , it 's roughly around that number . 
   they , unlike the australians turning boats back , are robots programmed with a piece of legalese written for post-ww2 europe refugees , not the world 's economic migrants ? 
  too bad europe does not have an entire ocean between it and africa . 
   the western economy is driven by consumerism and population growth , but its culture sinks its own birthrates , mmm , love me some western exceptionalism . 
  pretty much every developing and developed , urbanized coutries face sinking birthrates , from spain , to russia , to iran , to china and to japan . 
  this is not some strange european phenomenon . 
   on the other hand , you have those who have a suicidally foolish confidence in themselves , blind to the evidence . 
  you know the type : `` we can do this '' , `` others have failed at diversity , but we 're exceptional '' , `` we have the means to integrate everyone '' , `` we 'll host an islamic reformation '' . 
  they 've gone from we 'll be the best at conquering the world to we 'll be the best at being conquered by it . 
  or maybe people are not delusional enough to think a continent containing 750 million people and centuries of history will not be completely annihilated because of a few million refugees , especially when both the government and the people have the capacity to kick them out if need be . 
   it doesnt even explain why it 's a suicide . 
  because obviously , some 2 to 3 million brown people will destroy europe and all 750 million people living in it . 
  all hope is lost , repent now . 
  he technically was , however american electoral system is stupid enough that having the most votes does not make you win . 
  because erdo\u011fan in headlines does not get clicks or sell newspaper . 
  meanwhile a stupid typo trump makes is circlejerked into oblivion . 
  turkey is already building a wall on iran border iirc . 
  and the fear is not that they will continue their lives . 
  fear is that they 'll join pkk and starting attacking turkey . 
  unless they get into a war with assad , not all of them will need to stay in syria . 
  many of them , including like turkish citizens will try to enter turkey . 
  while that 's true , the war will end in a year or so . 
  where will all those kurdish fighters go when the war is over ? 
  maybe the gun was in his hand and the guy just was able to grab it ? 
  no one knows . 
  but some sources say that they saw donald trump snorkeling near lesbos . 
  a lot of people do n't want to waste their 20s on torturously looking after a kid that may or may not be a disappointment . 
  a lot of people also dont feel comfortable bringing a kid to a world they do n't feel optimistic about . 
  but governments do n't seem to think so . 
  japan 's one of most important priorities at the moment is keeping population above 100m , which might indicate automation might not be as beneficial as we might think . 
  the problem is that at one point we wo n't have anyone at all . 
  but the problem is that you are going to have to stop population decline at one point , otherwise we will end up with a lot of countries with very minimal population that might virtually not even exists while a massive majority of it 's internal workings are done by machines . 
  he is very conservative about bomb production . 
   viable solution exists . 
  the problem is that we do n't really have one , and unless we go back to days of 0 birth control and de-urbanize , there is not much indicating a solution really exists . 
  automation and ai are a solution to the economy , but not the falling population . 
  and it 's possible that automation itself can make people less likely to want to make babies . 
  a lot of governments are already doing those , and they are helping only slightly . 
  the problem with birthrate goes beyond just incentives . 
  people no longer see having a child or having a family particularly important . 
  the problem with birthrates go beyond just welfare programs . 
  the problem is not just shrinking population , but an increase of dependant population , who will be paid by young people , who will due to that see a decrease in their economic situation , and so on . 
  how do you plan to increase the birthrate then ? 
  and what 's your plan about your second point ? 
  please tell me about your magical economic model that does n't shrink when workforce also shrinks . 
   i am kurdish , i am from dersim , and you are a straight up liar , honor killings are not rampant , making shit up and your grim picture you try to paint of kurdish areas to mislead people and then hypocritically talk about propaganda campaigns . 
  actual statistics disagree with you : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing#turkey,
