after the attempted coup he had adorned akp hqs with huge atat\u00fcrk flags . 
  with the sheer amount of salt we can feed the roman army for centuries . 
  islamic caliphate ( s ) controlled larger areas than ottomans and converted many regions like persia , egypt and transoxiana/central asia . 
  mongol toleration also had to do with the fact that they were shamans/tengriists , which did not have much of a concept of conversion and no central religious authority to convert people with . 
  which is also why central asia became muslims fairly easily . 
  oh yeah my bad . 
  majority of the historical researches would conclude that in reality , ottomans were fairly tolerant compared to major european powers at the time . 
  revisionists / [ insert country here ] nationalists would instead like to portray ottomans as satanic nightmare empire . 
   while nobles were busy having a party and did n't care too much about it ) guess what the guys in the background are doing . 
   even before 1821 , there were various little revolts going on around greece.people were obvious not happy . 
  virtually every empire had revolts . 
  having revolts does not suddenly mean empire is in a bad shape necessarily . 
   if greece , let 's say , was under austrian occupation ( i said that before but anyway ) , i will go as far to say that greeks would have completely adapted into austrian culture many rebellious nationalities under austro-hungarian rule would disagree . 
   alexander for instance , managed to hellenize most of the middle east apparently that did n't went too well for him since most of middle east got de-hellenized sometime after . 
  also in the areas conquered , mostly urban centers were hellenized . 
  rural populations largely kept their traditions . 
  guess which empire this is similar to . 
   i doubt serbians ever considered themselves as turkish , even though they were under ottoman occupation for centuries . 
  there were a lot of serbs who converted to islam and saw themselves as turks . 
  guess who kicked 2-3 million of them out of balkans . 
  pecuiliar timing bubby . 
  idk man . 
  i 'd be fine with brainwashing if it elevated me from being a poor farmer in somewhere in bulgaria and made me governor of a nice greek island . 
  also you were still able to contact your family and share your wealth with them , which was nice . 
   no one in balkans and greece turned muslim bosnia , albania and around 2 million muslims banished from balkans do n't exist i guess . 
  not at all lol . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  ottomans managed to control a very culturally and religiously diverse area for a good 600 years . 
  how do you think they would manage to do that without a decent administrative system ? 
  and ottoman bureacratic system was pretty impressive for it 's time , since it managed to get rid of hereditary land-owning nobles , one of the biggest administrative problem of europe . 
  also you can not build a lasting empire out of fear and terror . 
  just ask mongols , mughals , any horde empire , north sea empire and many more empires that worked on fear and terror . 
  or better , ask alexander the great how creating an empire without implementing a proper administrative system went . 
  that 's how empires work though . 
  they work on conquest . 
  sometimes they make a tower out of their skulls the other time they rip everyones eyes out . 
  there is n't much `` revisionist '' about that if you add `` for the time '' on that statement . 
  the tolerance also changed throughout the empire 's lifetims , so there is that . 
  member russian empire ? 
  it 's because for the most part , population projections are extremely unreliable . 
  they were projecting back in 80s that turkey would have over 90 million population right now . 
  turns out , increasing life standard lowers birthrate , similar to china , which has birthrate very close to japan . 
  additionally africa is seeing unprecedented growth in life expectency , which will also slow down their population . 
  come over and let 's drink until we fucking die . 
  or possibly merchants . 
  a whole bunch of merchants converted to get better bussiness advantages . 
  i at least know there were a bunch of soldiers in my father 's side . 
  at the time plc was an empire in anything but name . 
  isis did not only behead civilians tho . 
  i expect quality drama . 
  my ancestors invaded balkans for this . 
  4 years after it . 
  also there is an extra 0 on your number of greeks left . 
  b-but muh white genocide ... 
  the ethnic tensions began under british rule lol . 
  until britain began divide and rule , cypriot greeks and turks lived relatively peacefully , due to their shared prosperity and relative liberalism . 
  many times the colonial government set the ethnic sides against each other and incited ethnic and religious tension so that they would n't unite against the colonial government . 
  edit : nevermind , you are a dense child . 
  maybe he is transenglish-kin ? 
  why are you opressing him ? 
  say that to my face irl fgt and see what happens, 
  adnan menderes , one of our most controversial prime minister , removing majority of institutions placed by atat\u00fcrk to educate rural population in turkey after us asked him to remove them because they were too `` communist-esque '' . 
  this `` event '' largely resulted in the current intellectual divide between turkish urban and rural people , and everything leading up to erdo\u011fan becoming pm . 
  also 1980 coup , which was organized/supported by us and also largely responsible for the current political climate . 
  pretty cool how you can see some of the ex-ottoman borders here . 
  op forgot to mention that he intentionally editorialized the title . 
  in the page , it says g\u00f6zalt\u0131 , which means to be detain , not tutuklanmak , which means arrest . 
  they are not jailed . 
  the reason for that was around 17th century , jannissary system which was backbone of ottoman military deteriorated heavily , and generals stopped relying on them . 
  for multiple reason the military could n't replace them for a very long time . 
  ottoman empire managed to stay highly relevant because it had an highly complex and robust court system that guaranteed the empire would continue to function even if the padishah was essentially retarded . 
  they had highly talented courtsman like k\u00f6pr\u00fcl\u00fcs , who solved most of empire 's economical problems and got the empire to the largest state it had ever been . 
  this was the case until 1720s , when ottoman court was largely purged and ottomans went around 2 dozen years without war , causimg their army to deteriorate . 
  in vienna ottoman empire was technologically equal and even better than austrian military , despite the classic claims that empire was supposed to be declining . 
  the entire `` we cant read the tombs of our ancestors '' is largely a meme . 
  anyone who knows turkish can learn ottoman turkish in matter or a month . 
  the entire `` ottoman empire constantly declined after suleiman '' thing is largely a myth and is seen by most historian as obsolete . 
  i guess they can claim it does n't have much to do with europe . 
  also as you can see it 's not downvoted to oblivion at all lel . 
  if you are talking about the video i 'm thinking , than that video was intentionally mistranslated . 
  he does not mention anything he says in the subtitles in reality . 
  wasnt portugal under authoritarian salazar when it joined nato ? 
  probably no . 
  turkey is on offensive against isis and both us and turkey fears terrorist attacks . 
  not all of the areas that kurds live in , or claim , are their homeland . 
  i know multiple neighbourhoods in istanbul where ethnic kurds lived in for at least a decade , and still refuse to learn turkish . 
  he is pretty much lovecraft of manga . 
  this is pretty much bullshit though . 
  our cores expired in 1972 . 
  we dont have any casus belli right now . 
   and at this point , i , like millions of other kurds , do n't even want that . 
  did n't knew you were representative of kurds in turkey . 
   the last elections in which the hdp , or extension of the pkk as you turks like to call it , proved that , when it got the far majority of the kurdish vote . 
  before hdp no kurdish party managed to get above % 10 threshold . 
  hdp managed to get above % 10 , because demirta\u015f , realizing that he can not win by purely playing on kurdish nationalist , decided to also play towards the leftist turks also . 
  which why in the second 2015 election hdp had serious loss of votes and barely got above the threshold , because when erdo\u011fan escalated the fight against pkk to a very high level , a lot of kurds , who previously voted for erdo\u011fan 4 years back , decided to vote for erdo\u011fan for the supposed sake of stability , instead of self-governance/independence/word in govt etc. 
  under hdp and demirta\u015f . 
  leftists who voted for hdp knew the erdo\u011fan 's intentions behind the escalation , and continued to vote for erdo\u011fan , someone they 'd never vote for to begin with . 
   everything turkey does - including turks themselves - is aimed at erradicating kurdish culture and identity . 
  this is correct tho .
