  system teaches about atat\u00fcrk , his military genius and nationalistic views but refuses to delve deep into them , making them seem like racial superiority and racial purity when in fact he saw turks and greeks as equals and wished closer relations . 
  hence why upper and middle class turks like greeks and armenians and even prefer them over other muslims while lower class turks feel the opposite . 
  and the problem is , it wont be fixed . 
  ever since atat\u00fcrk 's death , parties that won elections have largely been nationalists and populists . 
  and they win because our education system is complete garbage . 
  this creates a hellish cycle where government wins because of bad education and backwards world views of lower class turks and wo n't fix the education system because it allows them to keep the government for themselves by abusing this system . 
  doubt any turkish government will apologize . 
  most turkish government are populist and populists depend heavily on their image . 
  apologizing would mean they are `` weak '' in the eyes of their supporters . 
   `` trolls '' vladimir putin is this what mainstream journalism has come to ? 
  whether or not ottoman empire during turkish war of independence was the legal government at the time is arguable . 
  one can say that they were an illegal government as they were under the heavy influence and direct control of british government , and was forced to accept greek occupation . 
  allowing greek population to return would cause massive problems to both turks and greeks . 
  both sides were bitter towards each other and it would have lead to more tension . 
  also property tax on non-muslims were largely unpopular and seen as one of the reasons chp would lose following elections . 
  but there are no kurds in iskenderun . 
   kurdish state with access to mediterranean . 
  what, 
  if demands are not met within a week he will start doing it stark naked . 
  he will glare at obama though his bedroom window menacingly . 
   no , my point was that russia can beat turkey in a war any day of the week and twice on sunday in a blink . 
  i 'm guessing you are just bad at reading . 
  because i already said russia can beat turkey is a war . 
  but russian economy wo n't survive a war with turkey , whether they win or not . 
   no , my point was : you should remember who decide what , and who stfu in this part of the world . 
  you either follow the west or russia , fine . 
  just do n't delude yourself , you worth zip by yourself . 
  is that why , despite erdogan constantly berating and ocassionally insulting eu nations , and doing things that are against their interests , eu and nato still have n't touched turkey ? 
  if nato and eu were really above erdogan and turkey and could do whatever they wanted , they 'd have done something about erdogan long ago . 
  but obviously , they need erdogan/turkey . 
   why you 'll never be part of it . 
  cool . 
  you are still acting like turkish people in general care about being a part of eu . 
   you 're not getting in the eu . 
  we do n't want you . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  get over it . 
  what an unexpected revelation !, 
  the curtains upon my very eyes are suddenly lifted !, 
  majority of the public knew that we would n't get into eu since 1980s . 
  political parties just used entry into eu to trick rural populace , who only knew that `` being in eu = higher life standart '' . 
   i would n't be so sure , russia has been kicking your ass steadily for the last centuries . 
  your entire point is that since turks and russian had wars that stopped over 100 years ago , russia will decide to invade turkey ? 
  i think you french should be more careful . 
  those pesky habsburg and burgundians can attack at any moment !, 
  russia also heavily supported our war of independence . 
  majority of our arms used to defeat french , greeks , armenians and english came from russia . 
  also by the way ...  turkey has n't won a proper war in 200 years . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_war_of_independence  who financed , helped and armed the balkans to kick you out of there ? 
  who took over all your belongings in northern africa ? 
  who tricked the arabs to kicked you out of the middle east ? 
  who made your little empire collapse and forced you to europeanize yourself ? 
  who ruled your banks and therefore the economy to be sure everything went according to the plan ? 
  who used your country has a buffer state ? 
  so your entire point is that , because europe and ottoman empire were enemies more than 100 years ago , they are still enemies ? 
  and because of that , the european union , made out of european states , with most of them just 70 years ago were slaughtering each other , and 20-30 years ago , ready to nuke each other , hates us ? 
  are you braindead ? 
  life is not a game of civ v. countries are willing to ally with each other only years after brutally murdering each other . 
  because diplomacy and governments do n't care about petty hatreds and revenges . 
  they care about themselves . 
  two countries that were absolute enemies less than a year ago will ally and heavily support each other if it benefits them , as you can see with russia mowing through eastern turkey and then in a matter of a year , heavily supporting and financing their indepence movement . 
  please show me where i said turkish people were smart . 
   it 's kind of funny to see someone from a country which was considered third world 15 years ago turkey was never considered an undeveloped nation . 
  nice try though . 
   one day hiding behind nato when you shoot a russian plane russia would n't do anything to turkey even if turkey was not a part of nato . 
  while russian army can defeat turkish army , the aftermath would be pretty ugly for russia and it 's economy , which is already crippled . 
   it 's about time that you turks be reminded who you really are and what you are allowed to do . 
  * oh noes * i mean , the moment you kick us out of nato , there is nothing stopping us from becoming best buddies with russia and china . 
  it will be your loss just because you decided to adhere to common decency for once and kick an authoritarian state out of nato when both portugal and greece were ruled by military juntas when they were in nato . 
  you 'd be impressed how much your average joe listens and forgets . 
  i doubt most americans know what constaninople or byzantine empire was . 
  because i expect a person to know enough shit about a country they are making comments about . 
  when most americans cant even point out turkey in a map or what makes it important then there is no reason why anyone should take their opinion seriously . 
  they will fight about which one invented raki . 
  i 'm not sure if there is anything in this world that will help balkan nations unite . 
  pretty sure more than half of us citizens cant point out turkey on the map . 
  they probably think we are an arab nation `` somewhere next to iran and saudi arabia i dont know . 
  `` you are either with us or against us . '', 
  guess why people are not super dandy about trusting west . 
  you either die a hero , or live long enough to see yourself become a kebab . 
  he is asking how this managed to get to frontpage with just 50 upvotes . 
  kek . 
  turkey persecuted kurds in like , 80s and 90s . 
  ever since 2000s kurds generally are treated fairly . 
  a good chunk of erdogan 's voter base are kurds because of this . 
  remember how morons from all over the place claiming russia would invade turkey because of the plane debacle ? 
  please kill me . 
  30 years in the gulag . 
  its the only way . 
  several tv stations were closed soon after the national one was closed . 
  according to other generals who coup members tried to sway to their side , intelligence found out who were pro-coup in the army , so they had to launch the coup as soon as they could . 
  if we started kicking every nation that did crimes against humanity we would n't have many nations left in nato . 
  there are non-developed cultures that are fairly egalitarian . 
  most nomadic cultures were and are relatively egaliatarian . 
  coming from a tribal culture to an urban culture . 
  they dont even buy that many weapons . 
  majority of their weapons are either stuff us military left behind during iraq war or stuff that saddam regime used . 
  anyone who paid any attentions to the events and has any form of logical skills knows that . 
  turkey wont side with islamic forces . 
  there will be a coup long before that .
