  `` i do , he was decent . '', 
  i 'm not sure if you know what they are talking about in the second link . 
  because most of the backlash is coming from akp voters , for a stupid reason at that . 
  when the corruption tapes came out a few years back , mehmet \u015eim\u015fek was pretty much the only high-ranking minister that had nothing on him . 
  since a massive majority of akp government is economically-illiterate , he is at the very least , partially responsible for turkey 's decent recovery after 2008 . 
  the problem is that despite increasing yield , food prices are not really getting lower . 
  food prices overall have been rising since 90s , and while it had small declines , it 's still considerably higher than before , despite increased yields , according to fao . 
  our minister of economy since time immemorial , mehmet \u015eim\u015fek is actively making anti-government comments hoping that he can be fired before the economy collapses completely . 
  because he will then hurt bussinesses , and he ca n't do that when economy is so bad that our minister of economy is actively trying to get himself fired . 
  nato is not an alliance of democratic countries . 
  it 's a military alliance of countries against russia and soon china . 
  when they joined , portugal was an actual authoritarian dictatorship , and greece was under a military junta for 7 years while still being in nato . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem  i 'm not necessarily better than others , but i 'm certainly better than you , yes . 
  i do n't need to go on . 
  you already proved yourself wrong . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delusional_disorder ... and a massive ego who thinks he is better than others . 
   i see . 
  that 's compelling stuff . 
  and when i literally quite what you previously said , you ran away , close your ears and start to scream . 
   realizing you ca n't handle the totality , you resort to cherry picking two words and then use that to play the victim , wholly unjustified of course . 
  if you had no intention to insult my nationality , you would n't use that word . 
  however , the fact that you used it shows how much of a jack-off you are . 
  `` everyone who disagrees with my obsessive hyperbole is a paid shill . '', 
  i 'm not even surpise a conspiratard like you makes this argument lel . 
   the irony of you using outlandish hyperbole is noted . 
   turns out nsa are just overlords from childhood 's end . 
  absolutely no hyperbole included . 
   no , not really . 
  nsa and ghcq are indeed as terrifying as any of the previous characterizations suggest . 
  either you are essentially retarded , or have split personality . 
   authoritarian shitholes realizing you have no argument , you resort to insulting people on through their nationality . 
  how intellectual . 
   the descriptions and characterizations i made are pefectly applicable and appropriate . 
  in fact , they are probably too mild . 
  you just compared nsa and gchq to satanic space demons who want to consume and end humanity and turn them into brain fluid . 
  there is literally no reason anyone should take anything coming out of your mouth seriously . 
   if you think that is the `` entire point '' of the book , you 're a simpleton . 
  if hyperbolic , dense people like you are considered intellectual , i 'd rather be a simpleton . 
   you trivialize and downplay the significance of present-day events and the proliferation of total surveillance . 
  you mock , insult and deride criticism of this and in every instance fail entirely to support your non-existent `` counterpoiints '' . 
  and you blow modern day events out of proportion and make hyperbolic arguments that have no basis on anything none whatsoever . 
   yet , people are still using search engines , because they do not understand the implications and because they have to for a wide variety of reasons . 
  or maybe they can use search engines without writing everything on their mind on the engine . 
   yes , really . 
  orwell died in 1950 . 
  people were imagining high end shit in early 1900s . 
   the violent repression in england bit , yes , the surveillance bit , no . 
  violent repression is the entire point of book . 
  what makes oceania so terrifying is not the fact that everything you do is watched , but what happens when you do something not approved by the party . 
  that 's the entire point . 
   i 'm guessing you ca n't distinguish between users taping over their webcam versus a mass surveillance program authorized and conducted by a government . 
  it can still be counteracted , again . 
   no , not really . 
  nsa and ghcq are indeed as terrifying as any of the previous characterizations suggest . 
   it 's an unprecented human rights violation on a large scale , and an unacceptable intrusion into people 's private lives by a nearly unaccountable intelligence agency . 
  and this has to do with what i previously said in what sense ? 
  i did n't defend surveillance . 
   what we share with search engines , for example , allows intelligence agencies to know what people are thinking . 
  not necessarily . 
  it still requires you to , you know , write what you are thinking on the search engine for them to know what you are thinking . 
   it 's beyond anything orwell ever imagined not really . 
  he probably thought about it , as it 's not something completely byzantine . 
  also `` beyond anything orwell ever imagine '' does not mean it 's any worse than what was in 1984 . 
  the current state of society is many times better than oceania in 1984 . 
  https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/soil-depletion-and-nutrition-loss/  they studied u.s. department of agriculture nutritional data from both 1950 and 1999 for 43 different vegetables and fruits , finding `` reliable declines '' in the amount of protein , calcium , phosphorus , iron , riboflavin ( vitamin b2 ) and vitamin c over the past half century . 
   the organic consumers association cites several other studies with similar findings : a kushi institute analysis of nutrient data from 1975 to 1997 found that average calcium levels in 12 fresh vegetables dropped 27 percent ; iron levels 37 percent ; vitamin a levels 21 percent , and vitamin c levels 30 percent . 
  a similar study of british nutrient data from 1930 to 1980 , published in the british food journal , found that in 20 vegetables the average calcium content had declined 19 percent ; iron 22 percent ; and potassium 14 percent . 
  yet another study concluded that one would have to eat eight oranges today to derive the same amount of vitamin a as our grandparents would have gotten from one . 
  http://www.worldwatch.org/node/5339 in general you have considerably more food , however most of that food is also considerably less nutritious compared to several decades ago . 
  nope . 
  it 's not even remotely total surveillance , only affects a miniscule part of the society , and can easily be counteracted , and government ca n't do anything if you tape your webcam or straight up do n't use one , while in 1984 , you 'd get jailed for doing that . 
  you are still going to insist it fits the bill because you have the brain age of a 4 year old , so it 's fine . 
  i 'm guessing you live in some bizarro parallel universe where computers without webcams do n't exist , and people who tape or remove their webcam are hanged . 
   i consider the total annihilation of human sovereignty turns out nsa are just overlords from childhood 's end . 
  absolutely no hyperbole included . 
   i 'm likely ten years older than you neat . 
  however , your mental age says otherwise . 
   optic nerve royally fits the bill , as it is literally british intelligence peering straight into the homes of millions of people . 
  it can fit the bill when someone is jailed for something they do before the optic nerve . 
  especially if that thing is not a crime . 
  the program also only collects information from people using yahoo !, 
  's webcam program . 
   homes of millions of people . 
  only 1.8 million actually . 
  it also can not peer into your home if you a ) do n't have a webcam b ) do n't have a computer c ) do n't use yahoo 's webcam app . 
   they can watch you through your laptop software that can activate your webcam without informing you existed for many years now . 
  ratting is not a new thing , nor is it hard to with . 
  additionally this can be counteracted very easily . 
   through other people 's phones can be counteracted . 
  and the rest you listed can easily be done by cctvs , which , let 's be real , has done more good than bad . 
   why are people like you so utterly incognizant and naive , yet so obnoxiously cocksure about things you do not understand or grasp the complexity of , not even a modicum ? 
  mhm . 
  looks like you have some growing up to do . 
   what gives you your false confidence on this topic ? 
  is it something you 've seen ontelevision ? 
  read in a magazine ? 
  are you parroting someone or something ? 
  are you annoyed by conspiracy theorist but unable to make an informed distinction between credible and apocryphal claims and the groups making them ? 
   yes , that is thoughcrime . 
  nope .
