  so are a lot of syrian refugees children . 
  but since mostly grown men can manage to travel that distance to europe majority of them you see are grown men . 
  otherwise refugee camos in turkey and jordan are filled brim with children . 
  litetally everyone that knew shit about libya and syria repeatedly said that if west supported '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` moderate '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' rebels , things would get much , much worse . 
  and now both syria and libya are in civil wars . 
  majority of syrian populace are behind assad as under him they wo n't get killed by insane jihadis and will have a modicum of stability . 
  but instead west just supports enslaving psychopathic jihadis and then dares to talk abou how it 's somehow middle eastern peoples ' fault . 
  there are close to 5000 still living in turkey though , especially in istanbul and islands in marmara . 
  greek living outside of greece are called romans in turkish . 
  when turks arrived in anatolia , byzantine greeks called themselves romanoi . 
  the turkish word for greek , which is yunan ( from ionian ) did not refer to greeks until 17th/18th century , and even today , cypriot greeks and greeks living turkey are called rum , which is turkish version of roman . 
  so if you enjoy being calles roman , it 's pretty good . 
  that glorious eastern europe aesthetic . 
  he is also one of the most cited economists in the world . 
  it looks so cheesy . 
  do anyone in balkans get along ? 
  for those who may not be able to access the site for whatever reason : the turkish economy may collapse in a couple of years if politicians do not show the west that the economy is trust-worthy , daron acemo\u011flu , professor at the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) , told the daily h\u00fcrriyet . 
  `` economic growth comes from consumption and consumption is encouraged by loans . 
  this is not sustainable . 
  we have very little time left . 
  the building has not collapsed yet , but it can . 
  there might be a crisis , '' acemo\u011flu said . 
  `` this may occur in the next one or two years , '' he added , indicating that turkey still attracts short-term foreign capital , which allows narrowing the current account deficit . 
  however , this might change when turkey has difficulties to take out loans to pay off its debts , he said . 
  the election of donald trump as the president of the united states is speculated to cause foreign capital to be withdrawn from turkey , and in trump 's presidency , interest rates are expected to increase , and the rise in interest rates would cause foreign capital to be withdrawn from the turkish market , acemo\u011flu warned . 
  `` the positive image on turkey still remains . 
  but they [ foreign capital ] are gradually being withdrawn . 
  this is why the u.s. dollar has gained value [ against the turkish lira ] . 
  if the interest rates rise in the u.s. , which is expected to in trump 's administration , the withdrawal of capital will accelerate . 
  we have to get our act together before this happens , '' he said . 
  `` in the long-term , we have to show the west that our economy is developing . 
  because foreign money comes in by virtue of the reports they give . 
  we are shaping our foreign policy by our domestic politics . 
  this is not good , '' he added . 
  acemo\u011flu added that economic development is highly correlated to press freedom . 
  `` for long-term development , transparency , openness , comprehensiveness and competitiveness are crucial . 
  it is very hard to provide that in places where there is no press freedom . 
  then , the possibility of monopolization , corruption of the judicial system , and the emergence of dictatorship escalates , '' he said . 
  acemo\u011flu is optimistic on social change in turkey . 
  `` the infrastructure and economic modernization are way ahead of where they were in the 1990 's . 
  right now we are more developed and are a more open society . 
  despite the situation of the media and rising authoritarianism , turkey is more open than before . 
  it accesses the outer world via social media . 
  the horizon of the ideas of the turkish people is wider . 
  there are things to be hopeful about for the future , '' he said . 
   `` lost '' he only failed to reach % 50 . 
  otherwise he got the mpst votes . 
   if the economy tanks , his supporters will no longer stand behind him . 
  good luck buddy the economy has been tanking for several years now . 
   and saudi arabia like that will ever happen lol . 
  is n't saxony like alabama of germany ? 
  you can get virtual any law you want into turkish senate . 
  does n't mean it 's supported or it will pass . 
  it 's not just about campaigning though . 
  with majority of electoral base being super populous metropolitan areas , candidates will focus on issues concerning them , instead of also concerning rural populations . 
   you can mail in a bailout or go before or after work . 
  is n't this only in certain states ? 
  lol , it 's not hard to bring a bill into the senate in turkey . 
  important and hard part is getting it to pass . 
   not european among other things mkay . 
   that_guy_313 nvm it 's you again . 
  yeah , i confused nato as eu . 
  oh yeah , i misremebering it as nato , my bad . 
  no , but it would certainly make it easier . 
  additionally 15 highest population metro areas in us equal to % 35 of the us population , and most populous 40 equal to close to half . 
  a similar scenario would also happen with more standart systems . 
  around % 35 of us population live in metropolitan areas , new york metropolitan area alone consist of 25 million people . 
  lown turnout in american elections has more to do with american political system in large being a steaming pile of shit , not just the electoral system . 
  it also has to do with the fact that election day in america is apparently not a holiday . 
  retarded does not mean illegitimate . 
  the entire argument would go anything beyond incessant whining if electoral college was not known beyond a single candidate . 
  also claiming that clinton won if us only decided with popular vote is stupid , since there are a lot of republicans in highly blue and red states that did not vote too . 
  that argument would have a basis if clinton did not knoe about electoral college but trump did . 
  both of them were aware of * nuances * of electoral college , and yet trump won since he was able to better * game * system than clinton could . 
  it might be stupid , however complaining at this point is largely baseless . 
  again , he is not trying to change them now . 
  general turkish public , including akp voters are against accusation of land from middle east , since in general turkish people dislike arabs . 
  also iraqi kurdistan is not a threat to turkey . 
  erdo\u011fan wants to have much more influence on iraqi kurdistan , who largely aligns with him and a preferable alternative to ypg/sdf . 
  he also wants to assist iraqi kurdistan to increase his already large kurdish voterbase , which equals to around half the kurds in turkey , despite west 's ideal vision of `` feminist , vegan , secular , gluten-free '' kurds , majority of kurds do n't want secularism . 
   turkey invaded again and did the massacres that allegedly was trying to prevent . 
  oh yeah , let 's forget the fact that literally the first thing junta did was to siege a turkish population center and kill and rape hundreds of turks . 
  but it 's okay when greeks do it . 
  erdo\u011fan entered syria because he does n't want a kurdish state other than iraqi kurdistan than in it 's borders . 
  that 's why , you know , he only entered when ypg captured manbij . 
  also when turkey entered cyprus the first time , there was a geniune threat of massacre of turks there . 
  you are pretty naive if you think his intervention in syria has anything to do with lausanne . 
  they 'll be reworking it forever since even a good chunk of akp mps are against the bill . 
  he fully prefers laussanne . 
  in fact , he is not serious at all here . 
  he is just saying this to pull the attention away from the fact that turkish economy is about to crash . 
  it did n't pass though . 
  erdo\u011fan of all peoplr withdrew the the bill before it could even be talked in the parliament . 
  something huge is happening already . 
  tl is losing value and crashing like twin towers . 
  in a matter of 2 weeks we went from 18th to 20th economy of the world . 
  majority are expecting an economical crisis/market crash and government has virtually no idea how to combat this . 
  ireland is different than turkey in many ways . 
  turkey wanted to became a member of eu since 70s the same way you may want to become a billionaire . 
  sure , being a billionaire would be very nice , but you are not willing to show the effort to become one .
