  government knew this since 70s and largely used possibility of an eu membership for pure political/domestic reasons . 
  not really . 
  it 's because there is no organizing force behind protest ** and ** because law is fairly unlikely to pass . 
  tanr\u0131 and allah can be interchangable , but allah is usually used for literal god while tanr\u0131 is used to `` concept '' of god ( eg . 
  `` this movie is about whether god is truly merciful or not '' ) . 
  literally . 
  he will flip to russia and china . 
  is deustche welle mainstream popular ? 
  oh wow i didnt even see the baltics until you pointed out . 
  just think about the lines on the paper !, 
  what do you think `` even if they havent abused anyone '' ? 
  have you seen real sex dolls ? 
  they are barely physically accurate . 
  no , they do n't need them . 
  a childs body is not even hard to model . 
  especially when there a whole bunch of high quality 3d models of both clothed and naked children . 
   is it legal , though ? 
  oh shit , it 's a thought crime , i nearly forgot . 
  is this even a serious question ? 
   make even more realistic products so what ? 
  the reason why child porn is banned and unacceptable is because it has a very high chance of causing harm to a child . 
  so why do we care if people jack off to this ? 
   and how exactly are they modelling them ? 
  by kidnapping small children and throwing them at a vat of goo . 
  you can find 3d loli models , or make your own . 
  i 'm pretty sure some biology/doctor education books have naked drawings of children . 
  seriously , this shit is not even hard to imagine . 
  foreign press believed him because he was pro-eu and pro-west . 
  erdogan could do everything he was doing today and foreign press like guardian would still vigoriously felate him . 
  ordinary people believed him because turkish islamic conservatives are all morons . 
  that was something people who had very little idea about erdogan believed . 
  anyone who followed him before his first run knew that the entire `` muh moderate islam '' thing was a fa\u00e7ade for his actual islamist ideology . 
  also while economy boosted under akp , it was n't because of them . 
  starting from early 2000s many emerging economies saw an increase in their economies , turkey included . 
  the upwards trend turkey faced in 2000s was not anything out of ordinary , and many policies that helped create it were already laid out before akp administration . 
  it depends on when you stop considering countries `` empires '' . 
  countries like portugal and france kept their colonial holdings for a few decades after the war . 
  tbh you can say russian empire was on the losing side . 
  you dont have to be a gulenist to face persecution here . 
  a lot of people are also moving to europe because quality of life here is getting worse , and jobs are considerably paying less compared to europe , but sheer amount of corruption is stopping it from getting better , and for the most part the government has no intention to stop the brain drain . 
  i mean , so ? 
  tourism is a privelege , not a right . 
  extensive damage generally mean either near complete or grave destruction . 
  there are multiple records of entire parts of the building turning to rubble both in ottoman and in byzantine times . 
  in one occassion it 's dome entirely collapsed and had to be rebuilt , and multiple times it 's smaller domes collapsed entirely . 
  maybe if you are into mass murder olympics , if not comparing churchill to stalin is not that unfair . 
  it can happen in an hour or a minute . 
  however it happening in any day is way lower than % 0.1 , however collectively it reaches roughly % 30 . 
  and that 's what i said ? 
  except that is not the case in china . 
  african countries are happy to give china special trade deals in exchange for investment and construction contracts . 
  majority of money that goes to africa goes to pockets of corrupt officials , just like they did with gaddafi . 
  if europe wants to help africa , they should do what china is doing and invest in countries in emerging economies , which also increase european soft power . 
  so far istanbul had roughly 10 to 20 large scale earthquakes , 7 directly next to it , strike it and so far hagia sophia never saw any extensive damage . 
  not really . 
  most seismologists agree that north anatolian fault line is primed for either one or two  7 earthquakes in the next 15 years . 
  there is a 800 year difference between today and time of timur . 
  otherwise europeans also build statues and name their children after conquerors like caesar and alexander . 
  and a lot of people in russia have a sort of respect for stalin due to his leadership during ww2 . 
  it 's like brits loving churchill despite him being a grade-a cunt . 
  and are you sure you want to compare yourself to china ? 
  * i 'm taking this island down ... * * with no survivors !, 
  * the fire rises *, 
  no fun allowed on this side of europe m8, 
  his idolatarization started under inonu and menderes . 
  on several occassions ataturk wrote that he was n't fond of it . 
  i do it under supervision of multiple islamic scholars , its totes halal my dude . 
  i prefer injecting directly into my bloodstream through a serum bag . 
  eh , i havent seen that many people claim ghenghis and bulgars , outside of really high end turanists . 
  not all 16 of them are there for being turkic , since there are way more than 16 turkic empire . 
  most of the 16 there have originated from area around aral sea/transoxiana , like seljuqs , timurids and so on , maybe bar the huns . 
  the reason why plague was beneficial has quite a lot to do with social systems that were pretty much demolished due to the rapid depopulation . 
  gezi park is still standing , so it partially worked . 
  what does turkey 's economy have anything to do with this ? 
  i 'm referencing who say `` oh come on , just let thr population crash , what 's the worst that could happen : dd '', 
  you are talking about basic economic principles mate , you cant do that here . 
  because suprisingly people dont want to live in recession . 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  what killed byzantines were a very strong nobility , lack of proper succession laws , reliance on mercenaries later on . 
  ottomans suffered because of a lack of trustworthy noble class , hyper strict succession laws that resulted in multiple padishahs going insane , and a standing army that later on grow super corrupt . 
   last ottoman  netherlands stereotypes write themselves folks . 
  so when it 's army sizes we take modern numbers , but when it 's casualties we do n't ? 
  that 's convenient . 
  and nearly lost the battle , but the result was overwhelmingly in ottoman favor . 
  combined crusader forces were thoroughly defeated , king wladyslaw dead . 
  it spectacularly failed it 's objective to remove ottomans from europe , and proved that turks were in europe to stay , at least for some centuries . 
  if that 's not decisive i 'm not sure what is . 
  what revisionism ? 
  papal forces were several thousand stronger than ottoman forced , and suffered around 25k losses compared to ottoman 10-15k . 
  none of those losses managed to damage ottomans in the long run , and mostly served to be setbacks . 
  compare that to battle of ankara . 
  both genoese and venetians sent help . 
  however the amount they could send was limited , as to not risk angering ottomans and losing trading rights . 
  ottomans did destroy some venetian and genoese ships who passed through the bosphorus during the siege despite mehmed telling them not to . 
  he could 've very well invaded genoese and venetian holdings like galata , chios and naxos if they helped byzantine more than a certain degree . 
  additionally neither venetians nor genoese had the military strength to match ottomans . 
  you now nothing . 
  soon greeks will retake constantinople , lead by / u/kingconstantinexii on a chariot of fire . 
  what latin states were there that could send help that could stand against ottoman military might without endangering their own security against their neighbours ? 
  you should also keep in mind that while in terms of history we heavily romanticize constantinople and it 's fall/conquest , for most european states , they did not felt much for constantinople , at least not to the degree at the moment .
