  is the film you are talking about leviathan ? 
  syria was relatively stable before the civil war . 
  welcome to the balkans my dude . 
  til i speak greek . 
  he reversed the abolition because the abolition effectively did nothing . 
  pretty much all the colonies were like `` well , if we are not allowed to have slaves , then we will just defect to a country that allows slaves ... a country like britain maybe . '', 
  i 'm turkish mate . 
  i was born ready . 
  only % 20 of modern day turks have any east asian genes . 
  majority of them are caucasians and anatolians who at one point were converted and assimilated . 
  claiming that modern day turks are squatters and should be kicked out is as stupid as claiming modern day french are actually all nomadic franks and should therefore be kicked out . 
  after a decade he ca n't even get his own supporters here make 3 children , good luck lol . 
  lol , this will just help denk and akp supporters . 
  one of our previous pms , s\u00fcleyman demirel defended them by saying `` close them ? 
  why ? 
  so that people fuck us ? '', 
  it 's hard to understand them without really understanding the language tbh . 
  turkish humor is very hard to translate . 
  to be honest , does this actually mean anything ? 
  not gon na lie , pretty unimaginitive . 
  he is saying `` akp is not nationalistic , if they were , they would do anything they claimed they would . '', 
  i 'm sure if you are unable to read or not . 
  he is doing to call the bluff of akp and point out to nationalists that akp is not nationalistic , especially since in the current referandum , nationalists will largely decide who will win . 
  he is not advocating for invasion . 
  he is telling akp to do something because he knows they wo n't do anything about it , despite akp claims of being nationalistic . 
  this is similar to what k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu said about netherlands yesterday . 
  he told erdo\u011fan that if he cares of national pride so much that he would suspend turkish relations with the dutch , which he said because he knows that erdo\u011fan does not have the guts to follow up his claims , similar to his claims with mosul and greek islands . 
  around half the kurds in turkey vote for erdo\u011fan . 
  the leftist secular kurdish image a lot of europeans have is generally fairly exagerated . 
  if you think all nationalism is crazy , then sure . 
  nationalism of chp and mhp can not be compared however . 
  your arguments have been disproven many times before . 
  you just ca n't accept that you are wrong . 
  second of what you said again proves you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  the problem is that he very much does not want to learn . 
  it 's not about being nationalist or not . 
  akp is more islamist than nationalist , something mhp voters are not fond of . 
  i told you this weeks ago and yet you still come here and talk about things that you have very little idea of . 
  do n't even bother dude . 
  this guy knows pretty much nothing of turkey and yet speaks like he knows shit . 
  whenever there is a thread about turkey he starts to talk like he knows shit , get proven wrong by people that know what they are talking about , and then immediately does the same shit in another thread . 
  no , because in 1980 us organized a coup in turkey , and resulting environment ended up fucking over a lot of religious people , who in turn went to vote for akp 's previous iteration and later on akp itself . 
   the west should instigate a coup in turkey and install a western puppet . 
  this is the entire reason why akp is atop the government , and the reason why majority of the country dislikes the west and prefers to align with russia . 
   nato nato is not about democracy or freedom . 
  it 's a strategical alliance . 
  that 's it . 
  countries like portugal and greece stayed in nato while being actual dictatorships . 
  nuking entirety of anatolia would leave more than just anatolia uninhabitable . 
  especially with all that nuclear fallout and stuff . 
  ottoman government , including the padishah allied with the european powers . 
  it 's still called that in turkey btw ( frengi ) . 
  what your grandparents say are not facts . 
  centuries of archival information and contemporary sources are facts . 
  facts you do n't want to accept because you are biased and ca n't accept the truth . 
  ah yes , grandparents , truly the epitome of fair , unbiased history !, 
  fuck those people who spent decades researching the archives and compiling contemporary sources , what do they even know ? 
  we should stop teaching history really . 
  who cares about objectivity when you can just plug your ears an scream when centuries of evidence disagree with you !, 
   come and take your child and you 'd never see it again . 
  that 's blatantly untrue lol . 
  there are multiple contemporary sources about orthodox citizens paying ottoman officials to let their children become jannissaries , as being a jannisary guaranteed you high social status . 
  if you were instead sent to enderun and became an administrator/bureaucrat , you 'd be able to get in contact with your previous family and support them financially , ala k\u00f6pr\u00fcl\u00fcs . 
  there were times when ottomans had to suspend devshirme system because simply too many people were applying . 
  there were also the case that in certain regions like euoba , only a small amount of children were taken , and in areas where towns willingly surrendered , no children were taken , like chios . 
  it 's kinda funny to see this . 
  many historians who have spent years studying ottoman empire claim that with the exception of early mughal empire and ottomans in late 19th and 20th , was fairly tolerant . 
  and yet some randy comes along and says `` well ackshually ... '' source : osman 's dream by caroline finkel . 
  population exchange . 
  suprisingly not really . 
  i 've been watching a bunch of street interviews and a lot of akp voters have that lingering tone in their voice saying economy is going to shit . 
  piri reis is definitely a turkish-descended surname . 
  he was a famous admiral , and reis here stands for captain . 
  i 'm guessing it 's a loan word from arabic for portugal . 
  word reis comes from arabic rais which in turn comes from aramaic/assyrian re\u015fa which means leader or captain . 
   the only positive review is from a dutch turk . 
  you ca n't make this shit up people . 
  i 'm not sure whether or not most turks view kurds in a bad light . 
  though i 'm pretty sure a lot of people would n't if not for pkk . 
  most turkish internet users are prepubescent teenagers who , due to their nature are nationalists . 
  you are gon na have a pretty skewed view of turks if you decide it on youtube comments . 
   hopefully most of turkey feels that way ... well , uhh ... 
  we fought with germany in ww1 and fought against britain , francr and greece in our independence war . 
  she is just above average . 
  6.5 / 10 would not sell my country for . 
  she looks as generic as you can get with blonde women . 
  people care about economics , but not to the degree one might think in europe . 
  a lot of people will believe that economy is doing well if it merely looks like it 's doing well , and they are told by the government it 's doing well . 
  look at turkey around 2008 as an example . 
  a lot of people care abour economy but do n't understand it , and as such , you do n't particularly need to put too much of an emphasis on it . 
  also i think you are mixing people up . 
  \u00d6zal was not a chp member . 
  are you thinking ecevit ? 
   yea but the akp does n't care if it alienates liberals . 
  because they do n't need to . 
  akp is able to perfectly harness the conservative majority of the country . 
  something chp has virtually no way of doing that due to the fact that liberals are a large minority in turkey , not a majority  pandering to nationalists does n't work because people will always choose the real deal instead of the watered down version . 
  that 's kinda what akp is . 
  a watered down \u0130slamist party . 
  the main problem is that chp and hdp already nearly have all the leftist people in the country voting for them .
