   they may not get jailed , but the ministry of truth may be looking at your daughter 's webcam :  come to me when someone gets jailed for a comment they made at 3am while talking to themselves . 
  try harder next time buddy . 
  not really . 
  it 's generally agreed that modern day nutritional values of most of the food you eat have deteriorated . 
  what does netherlands have to with anything here ? 
  intelligence is only a very small part of why birth rate is low in west . 
  wealth and access to birth control play equally , and usually bigger parts . 
  ah yes , the well known thoughtcrime of threatening people on social media . 
  come to me when someone gets jailed for a comment they made at 3am while talking to themselves . 
  except they still ca n't watch you if you are away from your phone and whatnot . 
  that would n't happen in 1984 . 
  this is not counting your neighbours spying on you and whatnot . 
  also not counting multitude of shit that can happen to you if you commit thoughtcrime , which does not exist today . 
  uk surveillance and nsa are far , very far away from totalitarian shit in 1984 . 
  they are similar to more contemporary stuff like deus ex or genocidal organ . 
  decline in human intelligence has more to do with quality and nutrient of regularly consumed foods hitting the dumpster in most of the west . 
  well , it 's very unlikely for poutou to actually get even close to winning the elections , so i doubt banks have any qualms about that . 
  le pen wants france to leave eu , which is likely to hurt the banks . 
  as such , they do n't support her . 
  majority of leftists in turkey said many times that erdo\u011fan was an islamist and his liberal and democratic appearance was a fa\u00e7ade , however majority of europe and european media paid no mind and continued to blow erdo\u011fan . 
  back then , majority of shit he did , he did domestically , like telling a farmer who were shouting to him about how his mother was starving because of lack of jobs , which he answered by saying `` take your mother and get the fuck out of my face . '', 
  which happened in 2006 . 
  somethingsomethingmyanmar, 
  pre-2010 , there were a lot of `` propaganda '' talking about how awesome erdo\u011fan is and how liberal he is while also being religious . 
  belgium has huge problems operating while essentially being 2 nations . 
  certainly the solution is to become 4 nations and achieve complete clusterfuckery . 
   they can stop moving to europe if it encourages them to go jihad . 
  it does n't encourage them to go to jihad . 
  in fact , they are much more likely to get radicalized in middle east then in europe , where social systems are more in place . 
  that 's not what he means . 
  majority of young muslims get radicalized because they feel isolated , polarized and feel that everyone is against them . 
  not too much different than school shooters in us . 
  and yet you wo n't see people seriously advocate for something like `` we should deport all teenagers since at one point or not they might shoot a school or something idk '' . 
  people do n't wake up one day and say they feel like being a terrorist this time just for the kick it . 
  majority of them become one at the end of a long period of isolation and hopelessness that stems from moving to a country that speaks and entirely different language with usually no relatives or acquintances and has completely different customs just to improve their lives . 
  i 'm not sure '' `` journalists '' '' on yeni akit can read . 
  look up some of the shit they wrote about and be amazed . 
  you must be one naive person if you think it 's only turkey that buys/bought oil from isis . 
  it 's smuggled oil outside of regulations , and is most likely dirt cheap due to isis being in dire need of money . 
  you bet your ass even israel buys that oil . 
  it was mostly due to unrest and instability . 
  iirc the majority of the new babies in germany are actually from eastern europe , not middle east . 
  only 1 in 5 turks in modern day turks have east asian genes . 
  majority of them are turkified greeks and armenians . 
  idk man . 
  that looks pretty nice . 
  oh yes , someone who regularly posts on r/kurdistan would know a lot about lies . 
   95 % of islamic terrorists go to syria through turkey . 
  show them then . 
   the only difference is my number is much closer a truth . 
  i 'd look at your source if , you know , i knew german . 
   megalomaniac group like al-qaeda are terrorists al-qaeda came to be as a jihadi organization fighting against soviet invasion of afghanistan . 
   most western states have the pkk listed as a terrorist organisation because turkey is seen as a useful ally for reasons . 
  also the fact that they are drug and human trafficing . 
  according to many sources , % 40 of heroin in europe comes from pkk . 
  you are not wrong about what you said previously though . 
  around % 60 of akp voters have no education none whatsoever . 
  and this is somehow the fault of random people , especially since this happened in a part of istanbul that is overwhelmingly anti-akp ? 
  can you say that everyone that died or got wounded in this attack ended up like that because it was their fault , despite majority of them not voting for akp ? 
  ironic things is if you said this about any western country , this would be at -50 . 
  if you said `` france should expect things like bataclan and nice since their government took money from opressive regimes and bombed other countries . 
  '' , people would fall on you like meteors . 
  but since it 's turkey it 's fine . 
  who cares about child soldiers man they have gender equality . 
  are you retarded ? 
  what you just said has nothing to do with my point . 
  do you even know what you are talking about ? 
  yi\u011fit bulut is one of several dozen paid advisors of erdo\u011fan . 
  no one chose him . 
  he is not representing anyone . 
  he is not in a place of even remote power . 
  all he does is go on tv programs and spew shit . 
   which really speaks to their own views and standards . 
  erdo\u011fan largely developed anatolian economy . 
  any economist you 'll talk to will say that the reason why he is so supported is because in his first term he heavily advanced economy . 
   is erdogan irrelevant also ? 
  why is this same `` pls ingore '' comment trotted out when he says something ridiculous ? 
  because erdo\u011fan is a demagogue and a populist . 
  he says things that 'll please or stimulate his voterbase , most of these things do n't mean anything other than that . 
  a good chunk of shit he says he himself does n't believe either . 
   alex jones is a paid advisor to obama ? 
  erdo\u011fan has several dozen paid `` advisors '' . 
  but then i 'm not sure if this guy or mike pence is more messed up in the head . 
   from the turkish state makes a ridiculous comment the flairs are out to tell us that `` this guy is a joke and ignore it . '', 
  because european newssites like to quote whatever irrelevant people in turkish politics suggest and then act like they are serious people . 
  no one takes yi\u011fit bulut seriously . 
  not even akp supporters . 
   maybe that attitude is why you guys ended up electing the world 's largest comedy club to run the entire country ? 
  please tell me about why erdo\u011fan was elected , so i can tell you how wrong you are . 
   sweden/britain/germany . 
  what happened to them ? 
  for a non-emotional person you went to full gear pretty fast mate . 
  yi\u011fit bulut is not steve bannon . 
  yi\u011fit bulut is essentially retarded . 
  happens when you have a superpower at your back forcing you to do so . 
  japan did a lot of fucked up shit but since us never forced them to accept to the same degree as germany they do n't treat their history like them . 
  yi\u011fit bulut is the alex jones of turkey . 
  do n't take him seriously . 
  they have insane amount of propaganda and secret police-esque laws . 
  additionally some of them believe that if they get rid of saudis their country will dissolve into chaos , and majority of them are also geniune islamofascists .
