  that is arguable . 
  it 's possible that ottomans could focus more on europe and less in near east if they won at vienna , lowering the damage european imperalism would do on ottoman trade seas . 
  one another thing is that the reason ottoman kept getting dicked in 18th century was that majority of their talented officers had died in vienna and the following wars . 
  following padishahs were not good enough to revitalize these officer corps , and they did not have people like koprulus to handpick these people , not until muhammad ali at least . 
  but on the other hand you have stuff like incoming age of nationalism and what not , so who knows . 
  ottomans could realistically hold vienna for some time , but anything beyond that they 'd have to get really lucky . 
  you imply ottomans were already in decline when they sieged vienna , which is not true . 
  this gon ' be a good thread . 
  during 18th century ottomans started to losing their influence in near east to colonial powers , which resulted in slimmer fortunes . 
  they also went long years without war , which damaged their military quality . 
  when historians refer to a decline in ottoman fortunes , they usually refer more to mid-to-late 18th century and so on , instead of pop version that is immediately after the death of suleiman . 
  your comment claimed that ottomans were in decline when they sieged vienna , which is not true for most historians . 
  the entire decline thing about ottomans have been refuted and have not been taken seriously by historians for sometime now . 
  eh , \u00c7iller was n't ** that ** bad . 
  not gon na lie , she is pretty close to making erdogan sound reasonable . 
  germany banning nazi symbols does n't have much to do with historical revisionism . 
   because let 's also not forget : after all it was turkey who ended the peace process with pkk by attacking them . 
  peace process ended when pkk killed a soldier and two police officers in july 21 and 22 . 
   that 's what you get from bombing or blockading people that are already fighting for their lives . 
  good to know you support bombing of innocent civilians . 
  but hey , you 'd lose your shit if anyone said that germany deserved to be attacked by terrorists for their colonialism in africa . 
  and that europe is deserving of any terrorist attacks it 's getting because of their history of imperialism and colonialism . 
  especially attacks like bataclan , if someone were to say 140 french that died there deserved to die because their government supported gaddafi . 
  except that line is important for turkey . 
  turkey fears that weapons given to ypg will end up in hands of pkk because ypg and pkk has very obvious connections , just like a member of it said in what i linked . 
  5 to 10 years from now on these secular kurds will start bombing and murdering turkish civilians in even greater numbers , and you europeans will still act like it was totes not your fault , just like you did for last few decades , and just like you are doing now . 
  wow , it 's really suprising that terrorist who got blacklisted by multipke international organizations as terrorists says they are not terrorists !, 
  how unexpected !, 
  seriously though , are you dense ? 
   `` it 's all pkk but different branches , '' ms. ruken said , clad in fatigues in her encampment atop sinjar mountain this spring as a battle with islamic state fighters raged less than a mile away at the mountain 's base . 
  `` sometimes i 'm a pkk , sometimes i 'm a pjak , sometimes i 'm a ypg . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  they are all members of the pkk . '' https://www.wsj.com/articles/americas-marxist-allies-against-isis-1437747949, 
   no it does not . 
  stop making shit up . 
  you just wanted to spread your agenda here and that 's why you coined it like that . 
  again , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  when someone says erdogan did x , they do n't just assume it 's some random dude with the surname erdogan . 
   random digressing into other things , however i 'll answer . 
  you point out the fact that krg occassionally helps ypg as the proof that it wo n't due anything against ypg , when it 's blatantly wrong . 
   oh but turkz stronk , they can if they wanted to right !, 
  yes , the words of a reasonable , unbiased adult . 
  did your girlfriend left you for a turkish dude and you are this buttblasted because of that ? 
   random , baseless theory you 're here trying to argue as a fact . 
  baseless according to what logic again ? 
   did you even read what i wrote ? 
  yes i did , and it makes very little sense . 
   if they were to please turkey , they 'd lose a important ally that provides them with weapons and training . 
  us will not abandon krg because they and turkey decide to stomp another kurdish group that us already said that they are using only as a temporary proxy . 
  us wo n't cut off it 's ties with krg and a very important strategic ally just because it did n't allowed germany to use it 's airbase . 
  us especially wo n't care about what krg and turkey does when it 's done with ypg . 
  again , learn a bit about whatever you are spewing from your immature , childish mouth . 
  until then , do n't try to argue with people that knows more than you and are more mature than you . 
   sigh . 
  again : you do realise it 's not called northern iraq/barzani , right ? 
  and that they are also allies with germany right ? 
  that was my point . 
  barzani generally refers to krg . 
  you 'd think people would have this common sense , i 'm assuming you are just not that smart . 
   the u.s. helps the ypg , transports weapons through the kurdish region . 
  the pyd co-leader uses ebril in krg to travel to europe and other places . 
  turkey allows us to use it 's bases for air support , and does n't particularly stop fighters from joining pyd . 
  krg is economically dependant on turkey , iraqi government would assist sdf long before krg/peshmerga does . 
  krg just a few months ago attacked a pkk-affiliated organization to please ankara . barzani would gladly help turkey steamroll ypg if it meant he would be the only kurdish authority . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  you just have a bias against turks and spend your entire time shittalking them on reddit . 
  it 's sad honestly . 
   you mean kurdistan , aka krg , not `` northern iraq/barzani '' . 
  you do realize that krg 's president is barzani , right ? 
   they welcome the germans if the germans did so . 
  not if they came there to help ypg . 
  i 'm assuming you are a college or higher aged man who can take care of themselves . 
  you can either join the green card lottery , or use the yengen visa method and find a gf/bf on a second grade european country and move in with them . 
  northern iraq/barzani is an ally of erdogan . 
  i guarantee you everyone and their mother is buying oil from isis . 
  no one 's gon na say no to unregulated and likely cheaper oil . 
  [ yeah , no way same shit would stand in us , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patriot_act ) [ no sir . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prism_ ( surveillance_program ) [ u-s-a u-s-a ] ( https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2017/03/senate-votes-to-let-isps-sell-your-web-browsing-history-to-advertisers/ ), 
  s a t i r e, 
  either do n't fuck up middle east and then take refugees , or make sure the security forces are ample and well trained enough to handle the attacks , or make sure the refugees can either not partake in the local populace to cause a terror attack or try to integrate these people well so that they do n't become extremists . 
  also do n't support wahhabist governments of middle east , or meddle in politics of the secular ones . 
  create an official government organ like in turkey that uses government funds to build mosques and not funds from wahhabist countries . 
  this however is just blatant power grab by government . 
  `` honey , there is a scorpion inside the house ! '', 
  `` i see . 
  seems the only solution is to blow up the house and cannibalize the kids . '', 
  `` but that makes no sense ! '', 
  `` oh my god you stupid fuck you always do this i find a solution for us and you just complain you stupid bitch '', 
   do i care since it does n't exist anymore . 
  yeah , who cares about history amirite . 
   i do know about your president currently and how he 's trying to fuck us over . 
  let 's throwaway thousands of years of valuable history because chinese government are kinda assholes . 
  i 'm sure somebody from europe is going to look at the ottoman empire from an unbiased perspective . 
  ottomans controlled levant for close to 400 years . 
  it 's pretty stupid to judge the entire rule by it 's last couple of years . 
  especially if you are referring to the arab revolt , which started in arabian peninsula , traditionally not a part of levant . 
  levant was pretty stable under ottoman rule . 
  i 'm not sure how you ca n't trust such a reliable source as anf . 
  because europe naturally wants turkey to be friendly towards it . 
  actually , in this occassion , there was no other sons .
