   invading you do n't really know what that word means do you ? 
  majority of the muslims that were killed in balkans were slavs who were at one point were converted . 
  not much of them were settlers . 
  the pogroms happened under one of the more religious administrations in turkey , and the government officials responsible for them were later blamed for the pogroms and hanged . 
  also what happened in 50s has very little to do with what happened in 20s . 
  not much will stop him from threatening families . 
  erdo\u011fan 's approval rate is around 45 % , so the rest naturally dislike him . 
  where did i denied it ? 
  my point is that greek massacres happened under a different administration , and due to that , turkish nationalists were less likely to do the same . 
  pervasive in what sense ? 
  i 'm just pointing out what erdo\u011fan would be willing to do keep his officers in line . 
  do you have any proof on that ? 
  also greek massacres happened several years before the greco-turkish war under a different administration . 
  he can very well threaten the released officers ' families and whatnot . 
  it would n't be exactly hard to persuade them to fight for erdo\u011fan . 
  erdo\u011fan is not stupid . 
  if there was an event of an actual war , he would have very little choice but to release the officers currently imprisoned . 
  only a very small part of turkish army is in syria , and atm majority of the military 's officer are in jail . 
  if an actual war started things would be much different . 
  only in publications like huffposts and whatnot . 
  actual statisticians put his chance more towards % 30 . 
   current inputs are pointing to a macron victory in the second round -- 52.3 percent to 47.7 for le pen -- kant said , but he added that he expects the right-wing politician to gain considerable ground after a first round victory . 
  the ai claims that le pen will still lose 45 to 55 in the second round . 
  not necessarily . 
  european armor and sword design did not reach it 's peak until late middle ages . 
  and the mail itself , while strong , was not particularly inpenentrable . 
   several academics what several academics ? 
  if you were to actually search , you can find many debunkings from actual anthropologists and historians . 
  here is a small list : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/4o1n26/i_want_to_read_a_book_like_guns_germs_and_steel/d49h050/ there is also debunking of multiple chapters of the book on r/badhistory , made by actual anthropologists . 
   comprehend it 's pop-history . 
  it 's as basic as you can go in anthropology and history . 
  there is nothing complex about the book . 
  which is considered to be largely wrong by most academics . 
  it 's as eurocentric as you can get in pop-history and anthropology , and it 's largely considered unproffessional , unscientific and filled with broad and outright incorrect generalizations . 
  while it 's in a serious economic crisis , it 's still considerably richer and more well off than many other regions in the world . 
  was his hairdo causing someone to feel ill ? 
  you did n't watch the video , did you ? 
  caesar 's destruction is mentioned in life of caesar by plutarch , and caliphate destroying is from relations de l'egypt . 
  caesar destroyed it during the roman civil war , though some of it remained and some parts of it were restored . 
  when caliphate captured alexandria , the remains were destroyed , although it 's not certain what happened to the books inside . 
  probably a prussian flag or portrait of frederick the great will do . 
   colosus of rhodes collossus was destroyed by arabs in 7th century . 
   great library destroyed by arabs , although a lot of sources disagree . 
   parthenon destroyed both because of ottomans and venetians . 
  before early 20th century , no one cared about historical value , most of the archeology was done for monetary gain . 
   whatever happened to proud and honorable proffession it never existed . 
   that 's what they said about trump . 
  for the good chunk of the election race , the difference between trump and clinton was in error margin . 
  except for rare occurences , the difference between them was always below 5 percent . 
  right now all polls for second round of the elections show le pen losing with more than 20 percent . 
  unless something collosal happens she will lose . 
  at least those commentaries are not coming from some jabroni on a random youtube channel . 
  being most popular youtube channel on geopolitics does n't say much . 
  he played a smug swiss banker in wolf of the wallstreet , that 's why . 
  yeah , i realized that later on , but you get my point . 
  the trend makes me think that if crusade of varna was successful , byzantine empire might 've turned against plc later on . 
  lithuanian pagan rule did have much influence on the tradition of tolerance , however the fact that plc was largely diverse , both ethnically and religiously did helped create `` incentive '' , also the fact that religious wars were very destructive in hre right next door . 
   getting systematically mauled by three surrounding powers . 
  one of those nations which you saved from clutches of death :\\ ^ ), 
  plc was an massive exception compared to rest of europe . 
  the tolerance largely came from the fact that for a good chunk of it 's history , plc was effectively a republic ruled by nobility , with a certain chunk of that nobility coming from orthodox lands , and a good chunk of the population living in orthodox lands . 
   ottoman empire was backwards and a disaster depends on when are you talking about . 
  during the reign of it 's best emperors , ottomans were decently more advanced than europeans . 
  what do you even consider backwards ? 
  for a long while ottoman arthitecture was ahead of europe , and while i 'm not gon na go back to `` muh ottoman toleration '' meme , ottomans were considerably more tolerant than europeans until the end of thirty years war/enlightenment . 
  it depends , but usually not bad . 
  worst year of my life . 
  yeah , because there was quite a bit of jubipance and rejoicing in my comment above . 
  are you projecting possibly ? 
  half of lebanon is christian and the country itself has the highest hdi and gdp per capita in the arab world bar super-rich gulf states . 
  no he does n't . 
  despite what people might think , most people in turkey , including akp voters , heavily support democracy . 
  additionally around % 6 of the country wants it to remain secular . 
  someone found the facebook of the perpetrators i believe . 
  someone on the thread can link it to you . 
  caucasus ' are not in middle east . 
  armenians are not middle eastern tho . 
  your tears are delicious . 
  armenian and afghan i believe . 
  mmm , so salty . 
  i brought up us because of their prison system being largely the opposite of sweden , and one of the few in the first world countries . 
  you are the one whose first instinct was to go on a rant about how swedish prison system is terrible . 
  do n't act like you actually care about the rape here . 
  that would require me to be a muslim , which i 'm not . 
  `` randomly '' you complain about `` leniency '' of swedish prisons when in reality they very much work well . 
  and please . 
  do n't act you even remotely give a shit . 
  you are just using ocassion to further your own agenda . 
  you are not fooling anyone . 
   useful idiot i dunno . 
  you see one whenever you look at the mirror , so you should know . 
   muslim not even remotely . 
  gaddafi has been gone for a good while now . 
  population of libya is barely above 6 million , and rest of north africa is relatively stable . 
  indians are not generally given refuges status except in very exceptional cases , so most of them have to go through official channels . 
  syrian civil war is coming to a close soon , with isis on the brink of defeat , turkey , rebels , saa and russia planning a ceasefire followed by a possible peace deal . 
   communists in charge you must be one hell of a communist to have your party be named christian democratic union . 
  but i think you are right . 
  europe really is over . 
  you should leave as soon as possible before it 's too late .
