  because you are complaining about how `` lenient '' swedish prisons are when in reality the countries whose prison systems prioritize rehabilitization are considerably safer than countries whose prisons are meant to be as hellish as possible . 
  ah yes , the classic the high rape rate people like to point out while talking about sweden . 
  which is high totally not because of the fact that sweden changed how it 's rape laws work in 2005 , i assure you . 
  so a bunch of improvished brown people from some of the poorest regions , whose numbers are not even 2 million , are gon na end europe ? 
  makes total sense honestly . 
  people wo n't `` wake up '' because no one cares about whatever inane horseshit you spew out of your mouth . 
  yeah . 
  swedish prison system is absolutely broken . 
  they should do it like us where prisons are basically full-on pandemoniums so they can get that sweet sweet super high incarceration rates and horrific prison standarts . 
  allowing people escaping from an extremely destructive conflict is not kindness . 
   egalitarianism and social justice buzzwords ahoy !, 
  also how do you know the guy above you didnt have more hardships then you did ? 
  claiming that only sheltered would want open borders is literally what a sheltered person would say . 
  coming from a grizzled vietnam war veteran i 'm assuming . 
  i might 've saw a few , but i seldom read leman so i 'm not sure . 
  i adore dark and vulgar humor . 
  but i like it 's when it 's subtle and with a purpose . 
  a lot of times hebdo feels like they are just trying to be as offensive without any rhyme or reason . 
  feels like 80s american radio shock jockeys , who would make the most controversial statements they can to get people to listen to them . 
  yes . 
  i have been reading turkish satirical magazines for 8 years on and off . 
  very rarely i saw pieces as edgy as hebdo . 
  i know a bit french , but my brother usually bought them , who knew perfect french , so he would usually read/explain to me . 
  not following , however i saw the magazine around a dozen times before the shooting itself , and read it a couple of times . 
  hebdo 's style was always `` 9th grade edge '' . 
  after the shooting for some time people acted like their style was anything but edge for the sake of shock value . 
  or italy :\\ ^ ), 
  you forgot * trickle-down economics * ^ ^ tm . 
  if not for ww2 , churchill would not even be remotely remembered fondly . 
  the jews ? 
  holy shit . 
  we are not the worst . 
  ah yes the famous balkan butthurt . 
  it controlled shorelines between sinai and tunis . 
  other than that , they didnt control persia or transcaucasia . 
  it also does n't include areas down the maghrebi coastline and inner arabia . 
  they can remove the ottoman one ans instead make a u and show central powers in ww1 . 
  nope . 
  the map includes persia , which was the archrival of ottomans better 16th and 19th century and never had any influence in . 
  it also includes morocco , which ottomans never had any control over . 
  half the land designated as ottoman empire was not ottoman . 
  not really . 
  mhp voters identify more with their race and whatnot , while akp identify more with their religion . 
  first , mhp barely got above % 10 last election . 
  second , most mhp voters are turkish nationalists , not islamists . 
  half the country votes for chp , mhp and hdp . 
  dont think islamists would come out of those groups , none of them have any reason to like islamists . 
  lol do n't worry . 
  she will most likely lose in second round since fillon and macron voters allign much more than they align with le pen . 
  the percentage that did not vote for akp in the last election . 
  around half of the country i would say . 
  as long as there is karma to be made . 
  ottomans had few fairly competent sultans in 19th century , although they were unable to do much due to baggage that came with incompetence of padishahs during 18th century/janissary decadence , and lack of proper military tradition due to janissaries recently being killed off en masse . 
  the last part is not exactly true . 
  famine happened in 1850s , right before crimean war . 
  the last russian victory was in 1826 and while it was a defeat for the ottomans , it was nowhere near as cataclysmic as the poster implies . 
  british would 've joined crimean war later on with or without being in good terms with the ottomans , due to british not wanting russians to gain anymore influence . 
  and british interfered in russo-turkish war in 1870s , which did have the threat of istanbul being conquered , however the reason they joined in was because ottomans gave british cyprus , and that british , again , did not wanted russia to gain anymore influence , not because ottomans or the british were in mainly good terms . 
  i 'm not talking about geography , but geopolitics . 
  anatolia is the gateway to middle east , and as long as it stays that way turkey will matter in a geopolitical sense . 
  unless anatolia gets teleported to the middle of the pacific , yeah . 
  i would be fine with fillion if he wasnt a thatcherite . 
  `` what up people it 's yo boy adolf hitler coming at you live from f\u00fchrerbunker in downtown berlin . 
  clear sky and call of pripyat are counted as stand-alone expansions . 
  is n't eastern ukraine also occupied by pro-russian rebels ? 
  one day bubby . 
  one day . 
  u okay m8 ? 
   well , you assume most of those veterans would be fighting on the same side , which just is n't the case . 
  we are talking on a strictly government vs. people basis . 
  otherwise possibilities are endless . 
   a guilty conscience that would imply i do n't recognize armenian genocide , which i do . 
  i just do n't like hypocrites , which is not much of a rare sight with your average american , especially when that person is a trump supporter . 
  but seeing your reply , it seems to be you who 's got a guilty conscience . 
   there are upwards of 20 million military veterans , and many of those 20 million are still within prime fighting age and armed . 
  in case of a civil war , majority of those veterans would be called to service . 
   the terrain in the united states outside of areas like appalachians and whatnot , united states terrain is incomparable to afghanistan . 
   maybe if the armenians were more properly armed , the turks would not have committed genocide against them ? 
  i like how when you realize your point is garbage you directly go for the ad hominem . 
  it 's also absolutely fucking comical to see an american talk about someone else 's genocide . 
  on that case , maybe if the native americans were more properly armed , the americans would not have commited genocide against them ? 
  or maybe if africans were more properly armed , the americans would not have enslaved and violently opressed them ? 
  or maybe if iraqis were more properly armed , the americans would not have killed them in millions and gave birth to isis ? 
  or maybe if chileans were more properly armed , the americans would not have installed an extremely opressive dictators atop their country ? 
  or maybe if japanese were more properly armed , the americans would not have put them in internment camps ? 
  or maybe if vietnamese were more properly armed , the americans would not have invaded their country and started a decade long civil war ? 
  or maybe if south americans were more properly armed , the americans would not have invaded their country and changed things to solely benefit american corporations ? 
  or maybe if syrians were more properly armed , they would n't be in a civil war against psychopathic jihadis whose creation were the result of america 's complete lack of moral capacity and greed for money ? 
  afgahnistans terrain and the fact that majority of afghani insurgents were experienced from previous civil wars , and even had some us and soviet weapons left . 
  majority of them were hardened veterans who are used to fighting guerilla wars in extremely treacherous and rough terrain of a region that is famous for being virtually unconquerable bar a handful of forces . 
  meanwhile in us you either have a collegr student whose diet includes pumpkin cream coffee and soylent bars or a redneck who breaks a few bones everytime he gets up from his couch . 
  you can not compare your average american to an afghan insurgent . 
  yeah , your glock will do pretty well against a cruise missile . 
  that argument might 've made sense jn 1970s , but not in 2016 . 
   claiming that nature does that kind of a thing for a pm do you actually think he is serious in that regard ? 
  it 's obviously meant as a complimentary jest . 
   babacan and the central bank staff ( who are also clean , as far as we know ) were also on the team . 
  which is why i said partially . 
   i fear he 'll be presented as a hero , of sorts nah . 
  at best he 'll be topic of political discussions in restaurants with `` oh yeah member mehmet \u015eim\u015fek ? '',
