  never . 
  again . 
   but after months of the same , every single year , you just want to kill yourself . 
  so did you move to southern sweden ? 
  is it as cold ? 
   i do n't know a ) what there is to live up to b ) i hardly lived abroad to compare maternity leave programs or social justice systems or something like that very interesting perspective . 
  i could definitely see how scandinavians could be confused about our high regard for your countries . 
  i mean , we have beautiful cities , breath-taking landscapes , great food , and friendly people too . 
  the thing of it is , that nordic safety net is invisible . 
  only until you 've fallen ( major illness , layoff , crippling student debt ) does it become real . 
  i 'm sure you probably know all of this , but this really is why we look up to sweden . 
   it 's much harder for an american to move to sweden so true . 
  or anywhere in the eu really . 
  i 've taught myself a little swedish , but you can only learn so much without being able to converse . 
  have n't found a way yet , but i have n't given up !, 
  wow only an hour ? 
  that 's so foreign how just an hour flight and your in a different country with different languages . 
  i 'm sure as cool as that is , it may have it 's disadvantages as well . 
  was it as good as you expected or is it really just another country ? 
  are you in the stockholm area ? 
  do you miss latvia ? 
  you are my idol !, 
  man , i want to do so bad what you did !, 
  i 'm a nurse , and that 's supposedly on sweden 's shortage list . 
  i 've always wondered if it were possible . 
  your one of the only people i 've messaged that has done it . 
  good countries . 
  probably hard to live up to sweden though  did you have a favorite ? 
  [ americans ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wxxallc.jpg?1 ) do latvians have a reputation for pouting ? 
  haha, 
   germans tend to view staying late at work as a planning failure . 
  really ? 
  i always pictured the typical german as a workaholic , just like us . 
   i think ( and hope ) that usa will increasingly tend towards saner employment conditions i ca n't emphasize this enough . 
  i have the money to see all the countries i want ( sweden , hungary , the ukraine ) but not the time !, 
  what do you europeans actually do with all that time off ? 
  jealous !, 
  so did you move their and get a flat first and then start hunting for a job or where you able to line something up before you moved ? 
  very simple but answers so many questions . 
  so as a latvian you were able to make friends okay in sweden ? 
  may i ask if finding work there was difficult ? 
  well what 's not to love ? 
  where did you live ? 
  lies . 
  how dare you ruin our circlejerk  but seriously , are you a born swede ? 
  the winters do n't sound so bad if you have a cuddle buddy . 
  you can come to sunny ` murica if you do n't mind a 40 celsius ( 104 f ) summer ^ ^ and ^ ^ no ^ ^ healthcare, 
  is this why british comedy so often demonizes street cyclists ? 
  i 'd be lying if i said it was n't totally hilarious . 
  so ... how do you like germany as opposed to switzerland ? 
   using bikes to get around is an option in places like copenhagen i always thought the more urban parts of the uk did this too, 
  how do you like it there ? 
  thank you for clarifying . 
  insider input is much more valuable than outside speculation . 
   it 's not like you get paid for doing nothing , you have to work to get welfare . 
  i hope that you do n't find this synonymous with economically progressive , or why american progressives admire the nordic safety net . 
  equal opportunity through social mobility ( be it through education , healthcare , or working conditions ) . 
  many of us are one major illness , or a college degree away from financial ruin . 
  so many people are at the mercy of their connections , charities , or families . 
   scandinavians spend more time socializing with friends and family than other european countries yes , that is quite common knowledge . 
  but , does this apply also to non native swedish speakers ? 
   i think many english native speakers also assume that just because scandinavians can speak english , they do not have learn the language their residing in . 
  i agree with you . 
  not sure why many feel they are exempt from this basic rule . 
  quite frankly , it 's not a lot to ask . 
   hope i could fill in some gaps here , but i have never lived outside of sweden so i base my `` knowledge '' on experience from meeting other foreigners who have decided to move to sweden . 
  yes you did . 
  do many immigrants ( particularly native english speakers ) move to sweden and make friends ? 
  or are they seen as more of a nuisance ? 
  thank you !, 
  beautiful !, 
  quite a long way from europe , but still , simply immaculate . 
   it 's not like it has sweden 's life quality but i just could n't live with such cold people , in my country we 're far more emotional i 've often wondered the same thing . 
  would moving to such a progressive country with a high quality of life be at the expense of a colorful social life ? 
  would it be to difficult to fit in ? 
  we 're more like you . 
  open , emotional , friendly , talkative , and loud  . 
  not sure if i could sacrifice having a good conversation with a stranger or giving a random guy a ride to the store for a being a part of such an economically fair country . 
  i wonder if actually visiting would change my mind , but mostly from what i hear , actually becoming accepted and having lots of friends can be impossible for many immigrants . 
  any scandinavians want to fill in ? 
  so many different countries to experience , i always thought it a little spiritless to stay in one place for your whole life ( not that there 's anything wrong with that ) . 
  so many people to meet , so much food to eat , so many landscapes and cities to see . 
  there are over 190 recognized independent countries . 
  why hunker down in just one forever ? 
   why do n't you guys just collectively refuse those conditions and start sticking to a more sane schedule ? 
  very good question . 
  mostly because the average worker is quite disposable in a country of 300 + million . 
  if a group of people refuse to work under certain conditions , more than likely there are many hundreds would be happy to in exchange for a steady paycheck . 
   do you feel that you would be unable to get ( or keep ) any job if you did that ? 
  or do you feel the rest of the society would negatively judge you for not working hard enough ? 
  a little of both . 
  unfortunately there is still a small stigma associated with more than 2 weeks a year off work ( sometimes even associated with maternity/paternity leave ) . 
  even though evidence mostly shows that more time off increases a worker 's productivity and creativity this information is yet to become mainstream in the red white and blue . 
  many employers may be unwilling and too cautious to take such an investment as 8 weeks paid vacation . 
  hope that answers your question my latvian friend, 
  and they sound delightful !, 
  i think russia may have a bit more to offer than that , 
   a working attitude that puts high importance on work-life balance i get 2 weeks total vacation time for the entire year . 
  sometimes i work 6 8-10 hour shifts per week . 
  the jealousy .
