  i think this alone may be the reason for so many people moving . 
  it makes them different . 
  they stand out and people want to know more and engage you in conversation ( except for maybe swedes , french , or danes )  ... back home , i 'm just another belgian , like the 11 millions other of us . 
  yeah , i know that feeling . 
  how does one attract friends and lovers when they are just like the other 300 million americans ? 
  i do n't know ... 
   there are also interesting and interested people who wonder what brings you here and will engage in conversation , this is what i was kind of hoping for , and quite frankly . 
  is this the majority or minority of people you have met ? 
   mostly because they look very lowly upon their own country . 
  awwww :( sounds like hungary could use a great big hug !, 
   i just find it more interesting to go out with americans , canadians , japanese , belgians ... where do they congregate ? 
  i always thought of hungary as a relatively homogeneous population . 
   usually some open minded hungarians like to tag along with foreigners too haha this was me in the states , i always hung around the europeans . 
  they were so much more interesting . 
  they would look at you while you talk and laugh at my jokes . 
  not sit there expecting you to either entertain them or get out of their face ... ^ ^ damn ^ ^ americans, 
   romania is 10 times better ( for me , obviousy ) from a social point of view is language the only reason for this ? 
   i was treated horribly , lied to , met beggars got fined unjustly , got pushed , shoved , pulled , screamed at , lied to again and i generally had more issues speaking english in london than sweden wtf is this how people act in britain or is this how they treat romanians ? 
   that sweden is only a paradise for the swedes . 
  wow . 
  never thought of it like that . 
   `` what 's your rich western cunt ass doing here , taking our jobs ? '', 
  as an american with future plans to hungary , this frightens me . 
   it 's one of the things that i like about here , my social life is much better than it was in belgium . 
  is this just with other ex-patriots or are you actually befriending hungarians too ? 
  i swear you two have the most complicated relationship of any two countries on the planet . 
   you could always choose the less-artic version of sweden/denmark oh i would . 
  gladly . 
  if i could  immigration is very very very difficult from the states . 
   and made us cede sk\u00e5ne , halland and blekinge why not wait for a cold winter , march right across the sea , and take it the fuck back ? 
   so are those cold , dark , winter days worth waiting for those beautiful , mild , and sunny summer days ? 
  oh dear god i can just imagine some dickish crew of americans going there and harassing people on the tube with their eyeballs and filming their reactions . 
  i always knew that brits enjoyed their misery , but this is hilarious !, 
  definitely going to spend some time in that subreddit . 
   although , even judging by reddit , americans in sweden do exist !, 
  i know , i keep wondering how they were able to pull it off ( and quite frankly if they 're telling the truth ) one american was talking about how he was able to get a home in norway and move all his children there . 
  1 year and - $ 30,000 ( life savings ) later he was able to find work without linguistic fluency . 
   their rudimentary broken english really stands out in a country where every teenager is fluent . 
  your absolutely right . 
  i mean , what could a greek or spaniard without fluency possibly offer in such where everyone is so educated and qualified ? 
   most employers will prefer hiring locals , finding a job normally requires being in the country already not to mention legal requirements . 
  i know that for many eu countries employers must prove to the government that they are unable to find a domestic worker before allowing a foreigner to `` steal '' that job from one of their citizens . 
  i am distressed to admit that is comprehensibly justifiable : / not to mention how impeccably unbroken your english is . 
  hell , even the random swedish redditor is virtually indistinguishable from us native speakers . 
   the number one thing is that people are not trusting . 
  this seems so counter-intuitive . 
  i mean , communism was based on the concept of equality , and community . 
  i understand that the reality of communism is a far cry from equal opportunity for all , but still . 
  it 's just difficult to understand how interdependence could breed such wariness . 
  but i suppose when the soviet ringleader was a paranoid schizophrenic , doctrine becomes skewed . 
  how does the older generation feel about it ? 
  do they miss the soviet days and have difficulty assimilating ? 
  also always wondered why so many were sad to the fall of such a human-rights violating regime . 
  i imagine there are many young easter europeans like yourself migrating to the north and to the west in escape of generalized social mistrust . 
  is this an accurate assessment ? 
   sometimes i want to curse those masochistic neolithic humans who wandered up here in pre-historic times , instead of staying in the more temperate zones but no doubt arctic winter upon arctic winter has strengthened the vikings !, 
  i read in history class that vikings would put their newly birthed infants in the snow to kill off the ones that could n't handle the freezing temperatures . 
  viking history is cool as fuck   many people do move permanently to e.g thailand or spain when they retire well we do that too  we retire in belize and ecuador because why the fuck not ? 
  in fact i have to imagine that being old , the arctic winters could unleash a whole host of morbidities associated with a weakened immune system and reduced physical activities ( but i 'm talking out of my ass because swedish longevity exceeds ours by about 3 years )  vacation times also allow many people to leave the country for the tropics during the darkest weeks you bastards and your government mandated vacation time !!!, 
  for every 25 weeks of work i get a week  . <  they 're awesome !, 
  i have to say on of the things on my bucket list is experiencing a swedish midsommar . 
  dancing around a maypole , drinking , grilling , and the sun never setting . 
  am i just idealizing or does that sound as good as it gets ? 
  do n't know if i 'll ever get the opportunity to though : / immigration to sweden from america is hard as fuck and no american employer would ever allow more than 2 weeks a year time off . 
  [ sigh ... ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vauophqx5gs ) tried looking into getting my masters in svergie . 
  even have the money to support myself for 2 years . 
  the government kind of kicks you out after your studies though  . <, 
  like not joking ? 
  it 's really a strong taboo ? 
  holy shit i do n't care if you have the strongest safety net in the world , that is a dealbreaker !!!, 
  have you ever thought about moving ? 
  is the weather worth all the other benefits of living in sweden ? 
  i 'm sure the arctic summers are wonderful though . 
  are the mosquitoes bad ? 
  so many questions hah . 
  born and raised southerner . 
  always wondered if i could survive a nordic winter . 
  i can say with 100 % accuracy that based on this description , i could not . 
  haha that was a funny video . 
  here in the u.s. people would be very cautious of a guy that sat there grumpy on a bus ride . 
   yeah , what i mean with the difficulty is not merely the language and distance aspects ever met an american who 's been able to immigrate ? 
  please say yes  . <  in the eu , i can just buy a ticket and show up unannounced in another country i 'm always surprised how the people of spain or greece where unemployment is past 25 % do n't all move ? 
  are there laws preventing them from doing this ? 
  why stay in a country where you ca n't find work ? 
   in a 4 hour drive from the capital , you could reach 4 different countries i could n't reach 4 states in 4 hours !, 
  what other countries have you been to in europe ? 
   this might seem unusual to americans , but many europeans living today were born in authoritarian regimes . 
  very interesting perspective . 
  it had n't even occurred to me that there may be some residual soviet-era sentiment in the eastern-block countries . 
  i wish i could understand how that felt like . 
  welcome to freedom !, 
  haha . 
  how would you describe it to an someone who 's known nothing other than democracy ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking , are swedish women really that pretty ? 
  because i imagine latvian women as pretty killer too . 
  pretty much anywhere in the baltics or scandinavia . 
   below -45 \u00b0 c ( -50 \u00b0 f ) sweet holy christ !!, 
  i 'd almost take the my nonexistent healthcare to that !!, 
   and you 're missing a cuddle buddy bump that i 'll take my sunny south now !, 
  never again will i complain about the alabama heat .
