unlike americans and west europeans who take their freedoms for granted ... useless anecdote , but in the south we are all quite thankful for our freedoms at large and thank those responsible for defending it often . 
  try it out by not taking your hat off at a ball game , 
  i agree . 
  i live in hungary and the self hatred here is inexcusable . 
  great people , great food , beautiful architecture , great weather . 
  okay i lied about the weather , maybe apologize for that , 
  now that you mention it ... putin if you are reading this please ban us/eu clothing !, 
  so then the vast majority of that statistic must come from siberia . 
  ca n't see how many people could manage getting around some of the industrial towns without a car . 
  your so lucky you live in moscow :(, 
  so a country as spread out as russia , your telling me that only roughly 25 % of the population drives or owns vehicles ? 
  this is why i always read the comments . 
  thanks igelkotten, 
   a teacher who confiscates the cellphones of children who text or play games in the classroom will later have to answer to parents who say their children 's rights have been violated . 
  i know this probably is n't the norm , but this is really why i could never teach, 
  aww he got my hopes up and now their back down again :(, 
  still waiting for that article about a country with too many women who needs to import husbands . 
  one day ... 
  damn americans and their racist media towards asians, 
   i 've heard that the american media brainwashing has reached some of the population but majority see us yellow people as ` humans ' instead of a race ? 
  please enlighten me how this borderline incoherent statement bears any resemblance to anything in reality, 
   take the ` blind date ' guy i went out with who went straight to the topic of sex . 
  he then proceeded to tell me when both he and his brothers lost their virginity . 
  i 'm guessing this only works with really attractive people, 
  have n't had any experience with u.s. embassies , but all the european ones here are extremely nice with very helpful employees . 
  now i see why our embassy positions are so competitive, 
   `` is skiing with your sig 550 , while eating smelly cheese as funny as it sounds . '', 
  geography . 
  america 's kryptonite . 
  that and football . 
   i had to cut out half my vocabulary we 're surprisingly slow for a superpower, 
  looks like they 're in dire need of freedom, 
  `` you can take our land , you can take our freedom , but i 'll be damned if you take our porn ! '', 
  why do n't you drink ? 
   new social indicators in the scoreboard would include : the overall unemployment level and its evolution the youth unemployment rate and the number of young people who are not in education , employment or training ( neet rate ) the real gross disposable income of households the percentage of the working age population at risk of poverty income inequalities as measured by comparing the richest 20 % of the population with the poorest 20 % ( the s80/s20 ratio ) . 
  good on you eu for tackling important issues first . 
  not pointing fingers , but if * some countries * would focus these issues * some countries * would be a little bit better off . 
   a great deal is to buy the wider\u00f8e explore norway ticket . 
  fucking saved . 
  thanks for that link , that was a gorgeous little mental vacation . 
   hotels can easily set you back 130 dollars per night oh god so true , i 'll fucking sleep on a park bench before i book a hotel in oslo . 
   i could see around 100-160 dollars per day being realistic holy hell !!!!!, 
  what about if i just shopped at the cheapest markets ? 
  like fish markets and such ? 
   if you are travelling you are most likely not going to be interracting with the natives as much this makes me sad :( i mean sure the fjords are worth seeing , but really , how much of a culture can you absorb without interacting with natives ? 
  that is the whole reason we travel !, 
  talk with different people , absorb the scenery , eat the food ... not even places like bergen or oslo ? 
  :( i want to be totally immersed in a culture if i 'm going to use my only 2 weeks vacation to go !!!, 
   another good thing for you is that your american accent get 's the ladies  like no fooling this is not a myth ? 
  you got any ` murican friends ? 
  do they do alright with the lovely viking ladies ? 
  i 'd be lying if i said i have n't fantasized about some beautiful norwegian babes feeling my muscles in a bar  there was a girl at my gym who was a knockout . 
  i mean , easily the most beautiful girl i 've seen in my town . 
  i was thinking to myself `` goddamn , american women sure can get beautiful . '', 
  turns out she was a norwegian foreign exchange student . 
  i was like `` goddammit go figure you beautiful fucking vikings ''  i must admit to have a little soft spot for latinas aswell  [ kind of hard not to ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/b8h14zh ) if you ask me  not to many up in the artic though !, 
  just come to southern california and tell them your norwegian , and they 'll never leave you alone  i swear to god , i went on craigslist norway and found a fuckload of ` murican honeys trying to get their own personal viking . 
  if you ever get tired of norwegian women ( and who the hell could ) just point and fucking click hahaha, 
   but more pretty women does n't hurt , right ? 
   so true , my viking friend . 
  mexican women are dynamite ( the thin ones at least ) , which is why i want more undocumented workers here !, 
   bring with you a lot of cash . 
  norway is very expensive . 
  so let 's say a murican wanted to spend two weeks in norway . 
  how much realistically would a typical day cost if you only used hostels , public transportation , and cooked most of their own food ? 
  and to be honest , i 'm more worried [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0fhpkiioxs ) than i am about prices . 
  most people have lots of trouble meeting people who are n't natives : /, 
  really ? 
  i always imagined nordic women to be just as attractive as swedish women . 
  maybe it 's a `` grass is always greener '' thing . 
  nothing wrong with living in a bubble . 
  your happy , you keep to yourselves , you do n't carpet bomb the piss out of muslim countries for shits and giggles . 
  i hope to see norway , this nice peaceful little corner of the world someday . 
  cheers !, 
  damn you scandinavians and your perfect utopia of brotherly humanitarianism, 
  so you mean you were able to work out most of your internal problems without the united states supplying you with assault weapons and invading you ? 
  and your country managed to work it out without the help from any foreign aid , 
  next up on bbc world headlines : swedish refugees flee to norway after millions of syrians refugees flee to sweden, 
  100 years ago everywhere sucked ass, 
  you shut the fuck up . 
  if you do n't like ` murica then gtfo damn commie !! 11 !, 
  `` look at how great we are !, 
  our country is superior in every way !, 
  look at how innovative and modern we are !, 
  also , learn how to f * cking speak english !! '', 
  this truly is shameless , in your face , self promotion . 
  we ` muricans are liking your style , netherlands , 
  russian . 
  i dont know why but it seems like you have to have a deep bellowing voice to speak russian and its sexy as hell !, 
  newquisitor , whichever country your from is one of our closest , strongest allies . 
  they consistently punch above their weight . 
  britain you are one of our closest , strongest allies . 
  you consistently punch above your weight . 
  ^ ^ whatever ^ ^ that ^ ^ means ... 
  at the time ? 
   but again , at home i would n't hang out with the uneducated or intolerant either me either . 
  maybe that 's why i have no friends , haha ^ haha ^ ^ ohgodi ` msolonely  i 'd invite you to the group if you 'd be here and i 'm still here how long will you be in budapest for ? 
  i 'll be moving to debrecen some time next year for their international medical school  the foreigners are usually all well-off and more open-minded than the average local i wonder if this is true most places . 
  what are the funnest people to hang out with ? 
  i always liked the icelandic people the most   here i 'm the belgian and i usually easily connect with foreigners because i always know some things about their home they 're happily surprised about and gives for interesting conversation .
