  it burns ... 
  or the high prices of nearly everything  really that would be the only disadvantage . 
  maybe the mosquitoes close to the arctic circle . 
  yes one reason i asked this is because my company is based in barcelona . 
  sometimes people immigrate there from the u.s. spain would be really cool  but i think you really won the lottery being born in sweden igelkotten !, 
  i wonder if the norwegians say the same thing about the swedes , 
  pretty sure here in [ r/europe ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/ ) it would get downvoted to antartica ;p, 
  he 's not lying sadly, 
  if any other country wants to make a collage like this about themselves , i will upvote the hell out of it . 
  more !, 
  i would love to eat a fresh cod with egg sauce :d here in america it 's not necessarily hard to make a healthy meal , it 's just so easy to go to mcdonald 's instead : / people look at me really weird when i bring salmon and brown rice to work for lunch !, 
  b\u00f8f bar , haha that sounds funny thanks !, 
  i 'm making this tonight for my family !, 
  you sure as hell used to live in a gorgeous area, 
  yes we have cows . 
  they ride motor scooters and shop at walmart  but seriously thanks for the link futski . 
  how is hakkeb\u00f8f pronounced ? 
  and do i have to fly to denmark to buy some ? 
  looks spectacular  anyone can make a tasty meal , but few can make a tasty and healthy meal, 
  if you have ground beef , a grill , bread , and ketchup you can make a good burger , 
  what is hakkeb\u00f8f ? 
  it looks amazing, 
  i 'm in !, 
  i think he belongs on youtube , not [ r/europe ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/ ), 
  wow , honestly do you believe everything you read on the internet ? 
  go where you are happiest . 
  i 'm sure both countries have their positives and negatives  if you decide to live in america we 'll be happy to have ya, 
  i like eastern europe !, 
  you 're whichever you want to be , 
  fascinating stuff it is . 
  i think finns may have a hard shell , but germans are hard all the way to the core , 
  sounds like my german grandmother !, 
  what about germans ? 
  they seem pretty similar , 
  very good point . 
  how unanimous is the `` muslims are really becoming a problem in sweden '' belief ? 
  it almost sounds as if most parties are all starting to agree on this issue . 
  it 's like that here , but change the word from `` right '' to `` left . '', 
  is the christian democratic party the ones that want stricter immigration laws ? 
  sorry i 'm new to swedish politik, 
  thank you for that insight , igelkotten , i could n't agree more . 
  can men not also be trafficked and degraded ? 
  feminism is supposed to be about equality , not matriarchy . 
  the death was in 2012 , but cnn will likely beat that dead horse for another year or so . 
  it 's our far far right wingers ( god , guns , and capitalism ) that want porn banned here . 
  nobody who 's even remotely left of center would ever suggest that in our system , that 's why it 's so shocking !, 
  left party wants to ban porn ? 
  i 'm just curious why lately it seems that european politicians are out to get porn , especially with such a clear separation of church and state . 
  i always thought these discussions were taboo in most of europe, 
  3 party minimum , holy shit that must be nice . 
  want to trade congress for parliament ? 
  i vote europe 's most beautiful country , if not the world . 
  saving up my $ to see those beautiful fjords, 
  this makes me sad :(, 
  this thread makes me feel grateful that our immigrants ( viva el mexico ) are friendly and hard working , generally , and do not wish to politically and religiously change our social structure . 
  you europeans are handling it like champs !, 
  yes please !, 
  sounds lovely , i just love finnish culture in general . 
  i hear the women do n't look to bad either !, 
  yall come back now , ya hear ? 
  beautiful !, 
  helsinki is on my top 4 next travel destinations !, 
  looks fine to me !, 
  always hear how bad welsh and irish women are too , is that just banter also ? 
   since i was 8 years old at the time . 
  yeah , i 'm guessing that was awhile ago . 
  they do n't walk anymore . 
  they ride mobility scooters . 
  did you like the south other than the walking shamu 's ? 
  always wanted to see norway , personally . 
  really ? 
  wow , i did n't know that . 
  again , i 've only heard people stereotype danes this way, 
  sounds like swedish poetry, 
  why is the norwegian woman depicted as so masculine ? 
  always imagined the danish women to be a little more masculine than norwegians, 
  you do n't know overweight until you 've seen a texas wal mart, 
  are british women really that bad ? 
  is there some opposite cheerleader effect going on ? 
   ld n't make my elitist comments about the finnish poor people any less elitist . 
  neither would it mean my comments have any truth in them . 
  you keep referring to the poor people , but i really think op was attacking ugly behavior , not family net worth . 
  do you really think he meant checking account and not acting like a medieval religious twat ? 
  just seems like you 're arguing strawman . 
  i think you spent a little too much time of youtube buddy although i will admit , i did lol, 
  you do n't think him both living in sweden , being a member of the syrian refugee community , and having first hand contact with their often ill-mannered behaviors qualifies as a good factoid , if not a well deserved anecdote ? 
  nothing at all resembling elitism . 
  sorry about the complexity , i know english is not a fin 's 1st language ( though most are very good ) . 
  i do n't know man , i 'm starting to think maybe they really believe their own bullshit . 
  but not before `` raising the flag of allah in the white house '' you ca n't make this shit up, 
  just in case you forgot what your comment was already , you did n't call anyone out on anything . 
  you wined how op had a bunch of upvotes because something something elitist views . 
  calling someone out usually involves actually presenting a better argument with facts and stuff . 
  example : `` actually , op , syrian refugees share a 90 % literacy rate '' ( they do n't , but that 's just an example ), 
  i 'm honestly surprised i expected anything more . 
  welcome to every media outlet ever . 
  i will admit though , rt and fox news are among the worse culprits . 
  me too . 
  some of them rely on feels instead of pointing out facts . 
  exactly like your comment .
