but are they democracies ? 
  you see , we are talking about stable democracies . 
  not stable states , or democratic states . 
  stable democratic states . 
  both adjectives . 
  hence the stable adjective . 
  a theocratic society , no matter how `` democratic '' it is , will always be unstable , as one religion reigns supreme , and thus by its very position , inevitably oppresses/excludes all other forms of religion . 
  this naturally breeds extreme dissent among those not belonging to the dominant faith . 
  and if the dominant religion uses undemocratic tools to ensure compliance , then it is no longer democratic . 
  a morton 's fork , if you wish . 
  tribalism also prevents stability , because it leads to moral myopia . 
  people consider their own subsection of society to be intrinsically more valuable , worthy , etc. 
  than the rest of the country to the point that other `` tribes '' are considered subhuman . 
  you ca n't build a stable democracy , where the various subsections of society despise and hate each other to such extreme extent . 
  tribalism , if allowed to run rampant , will lead to rebellions , civil war and even genocide . 
  i am honestly very surprised about the hostility to macron 's two comments ( `` civilizational '' problems and high birth rate ) . 
  they make perfect sense . 
  you ca n't build a stable , democratic society if a country is mired in tribalism , lack of secularity , and strongmanship . 
  similarly , explosive birth rates prevent stabilization . 
  whatever his other faults are , macron seems to be saying the inconvenient truth here : the truth that is actually real , but politically inconvenient , as evidenced by the denial and hostility to it . 
  she is a traitor to our civilization . 
  she condoned , actively supported and participated in a genocidal totalitarian regime that murdered countless innocents on the basis of * fiction * . 
  as a gay person , i feel zero empathy or compassion for her . 
  i wish exactly the same to her as she wished upon me and every other person like me . 
  her age is no excuse . 
  a 16 year old person is almost an adult . 
  she * should * have known better . 
  well , they are culturally and historically distinct . 
  they were much closer and much more influenced by the hre than eastern europe , which was dominated by byzantine cultural influences ( hence their orthodox faith , while these countries were all traditionally catholic ) . 
  although by this metric , poland is also more central european than eastern europeans . 
  even the cia world factbook agrees with me : https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/fields/2144.html ( search for central europe . 
  although the cia also considers germany and switzerland central european , which while historically undoubtedly true , they are more western these day . ), 
   this is an interesting spin on it , but i think you may actually be wrong about it . 
  some people may think it 's economic , but it is essentially racist for most of them . 
  just look at the posts here . 
  how many hungarians post here ? 
  the hungary subreddit has close to 25k subs . 
  that 's 25k people out of almost 10 million . 
  i do n't think that 's representative of all hungarians . 
  i am not saying that there is not a racist element . 
  heck , a huge percent of the fidesz 's voters ( 30 % of the country ) are probably against immigration due to racism . 
  but i ca n't really say that for the other 70 % of the population . 
  even jobbik , our local far-right party , ca n't really be called islamophobic , since they have ( had ? ), 
  a massive boner for islam in the previous years . 
  the reason why they are not in the ep block with le pen and wilders , for instance , is because their leader got into a massive quarrel with wilders about muslims . 
  personally , i do not consider myself islamophobic as i am perfectly fine with muslims as long as they practice their religion consensually , and without trying to enforce their ridiculous standards on anyone else . 
  including other supposed muslims . 
  i expect this of all religions . 
  however , if someone ca n't or wo n't follow this simple rule , i am not averse to deporting them back to their point of origin . 
  edit : furthermore , i personally believe as a hungarian , that skilled immigration is always good . 
  however , unskilled immigration is a net loss for the target country , except if there is a shortage of unskilled laborers . 
  in hungary , we have the reverse of that : we have much more unskilled laborers than there are unskilled jobs . 
  thus , most me immigrants are not very useful to us economically . 
  thus i am personally against accepting refugees in significant numbers because there is no economic benefit to us , and would further strain our already nearly collapsed welfare system . 
   euroslavia i am a pro-eu person , and anti-orban , but this ignorance is just insulting . 
  hungarians are not slavs . 
  nor are they eastern europeans . 
  slovakia , the czech republic , slovenia , austria and hungary constitute the so-called central europe , which is culturally distinct from eastern or western europe , due to being the primary successor states of the habsburg empire . 
  despite claiming that we are insensitive racists , you are being a huge hypocrite yourself . 
  also , have you ever thought about that the majority of polish and hungarian people are not blackshirts marching in the streets ? 
  in hungary , fidesz only has about 30 % support ( and not even fidesz is really fascist ) . 
  the opposition is just too disorganized to present a unified front and the voting districts have been very gerrymandered . 
  the only thing fidesz has a majority of support in is the immigrant question . 
  you have to see that we are not opposed to mass immigration because we are white supremacists or any bs reason like that . 
  we are opposed to mass immigration for one reason : we have high unemployment , shitty economy and our public services are really underfunded . 
  thus , we simply ca n't support migrants , when we have problems with providing basic amenities and jobs to our own population . 
  if we had an economy like the netherlands , i can guarantee that you would see much higher support for immigration , since we could afford it . 
  but the sad reality is that we ca n't . 
  edit : source about fidesz support : http://kozvelemenykutatok.hu/8413-2/, 
  the eye of terror or the maelstrom . 
  i predict this party will be an insignificant speck . 
  jobbik 's primarily base comes from people who are aware of the gypsy crime problem and want ( radical ) steps to solve it . 
  however , most of these people are not actually radical white supremacists . 
  but these guys are so extreme , that they ca n't possibly be successful . 
  jobbik sanitized itself precisely because there are n't nearly enough hardcore far-righters to win them significant gains in elections , thus they started pandering towards people who dislike gypsies but are otherwise moderate . 
  thus , this party might soak up jobbik 's most disgruntled and fanatical followers , but those numbers wo n't nearly be enough . 
  i sincerely doubt that they would even get into the parliament . 
  jobbik has been slowly moving towards a less radical party in the last year or so . 
  similar to what the fn underwent under marine le pen . 
  originally , the orthodox patriarchs simply refused to recognize the pope as being their superior ( and instead simply viewed him as the bishop of rome ) . 
  instead , the original orthodox church was subservient to the temporal power of byzantine emperor . 
  the name `` orthodox '' probably originated from the fact that the eastern church leaders stuck to `` orthodoxy '' instead of recognizing the spiritual preeminence of the newly rising papal institution . 
  after several centuries , the two branches of christianity diverged extensively on issues such as liturgical language , theology and rites . 
  today , while the catholic church is ( theoretically ) united under a single leadership , orthodoxy is fragmented , with most orthodox nations having their own independent churches . 
  hungarian is an uralic language , its only distant relatives in europe being finnish and estonian ( and even then , they are in the finno branch , while we are ugric ) . 
  thus , our closest relatives are khanty and mansi , two near-extinct languages from the urals . 
  it is completely alien to indo-european grammar and vocabulary , and uses many turkish loanwords . 
  we also have no english teaching tradition , as secondary language was traditionally german pre-1948 , and russian between 1948 and 1989 . 
  yet , hungary still manages to have an ef epi score of 58.72 . 
  compare that to turkey 's 47.89 . 
  this is not only a language difference issue . 
  there is something else behind this ( lack of funding , lack of focus on teaching english ) . 
  links related to my post : http://www.ef.co.hu/epi/compare/regions/hu/tr/ http://cdn-images.9cloud.us/500/languages_and_dialects_of_europe_21_670481648.png, 
  just a quick reminder : people , besides the lowest common denominator , do not take these billboards seriously . 
  and the fidesz knows this . 
  they simply find these giant billboards a useful way to launder money . 
  you see , the government rents these billboards for exorbitant prices , far above market value , which are owned by their cronies . 
  this allows them to funnel public funds into private hands ( while getting their own cut later on ) through a semi-legal channel . 
   and it was christianity that pushed for the search for truth , which lead to scientific development . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hypatia quite a search for the truth , indeed .
