the invasion and occupation didnt go so bad by most colonial standards . 
  the transition to independence is another story ... 
  no , it 's not . 
  you would know that the common people and the nobility usually didnt speak the same language . 
  the norman nobility was educated in french . 
  like i said , of course the concept of nation state did n't exist back then so it 's hard to compare but it was still part of the french kingdom , thus what would be considered the state of france . 
  for the nation part , they may not have felt a french `` identity '' , but like i said the norman culture was heavily influenced by the overall french culture . 
  the common people spoke this dialect , but the norman nobility spoke the same french as was spoken in paris . 
  also the norman dialect was really close to the french . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_norman old norman is similar to and often confused with old french so , it was similar . 
  the king of france was going to war against its vassals alllll the time . 
  it was common for every vassal . 
  whenever the king of france was seen as weak the vassals would rebel . 
  it 's true that the duchy of normandy was especially powerful , thus the invasion of england . 
  the people in savoie had over strong influences from other `` countries '' than france . 
  what are the other influences for normandy ? 
  150 years later the vikings way were long forgotten , the only thing left was the cultural influence ;, 
  you got it backwards . 
  before the invasion of 1066 normandy was a duchy of the kingdom of france . 
  they mixed with the local population and by 1066 they had been there for more than 150 years . 
  they only spoke french ( and not any scandinavian language ) and were politically in the french kingdom as a vassal . 
  also the vikings were mostly the elite class ( which , again , quickly lost their viking ways ) , but the vast majority of the population in 1066 normandy had their family already there way before the 900s . 
  this debate comes again and again because the concept of nation state did n't exist at the time , but if you do n't consider 1066 normandy french then you do n't consider most of the french kingdom french . 
  the big difference between iraq and mali is that in mali the islamists didnt have the support of the population , thus reducing the insurgency risk . 
  in sunni iraqi regions each local could be an enemy . 
  we are his secret allies . 
  hollande is putin 's secret twin . 
  he will take his fat suit off soon enough . 
  there could be aubry or valls i guess . 
  but it 's very rare for an exiting president to not present himself for a second mandate . 
  our next presidential election will likely be very shitty with nicolas sarkozy , fran\u00e7ois hollande and marine lepen being the main contenders ... 
  and you pay them to do what ? 
  who should pay them ? 
  jailing his new young political opponents ? 
  really ? 
  yeah just hand them jobs and activities , it 's as simple as that . 
  f5ing the tracking all day every day . 
  precisely the point . 
  that 's definitely the reason why he is a tyrant , because of a napoleon 's complex . 
  alike osama bin laden . 
  yes and a surprisingly good health system as well . 
  if they were truly integrated to the global economy i do n't think they would do too badly . 
  with a name such as thibaut courtois i was 100 % convinced he was on the french speaking side . 
  where do you live in malaysia ? 
  how is it ? 
  are you a french citizen as well ? 
  i was on the edge between france , italy and greece , but the ref thing is italy 100 % . 
  what 's the distribution of french speaking and dutch speaking players in the belgian team ? 
  and what language do they speak between them ? 
  yeah i was surprised by that in india . 
  when i told them i was french a lot of them told me that french were racist against indians . 
  just out of the blue . 
  and not just the french being racist in general but specifically against india . 
  i do n't know where this idea comes from . 
  the french hostage theory was debunked by other reports . 
  and so the `` policing force '' would have suddenly done something if there was french air support ? 
  air support is not some magical thing . 
  the un did n't allocate sufficient forces , that 's it . 
  let 's play the blame game . 
  yeah he got that one right . 
  the british were interested in an economic union but not a political one . 
  the armies are pretty evenly matched . 
  but yeah , with the defender 's advantage it would n't work out well for the british . 
  wow . 
  i thought juncker was a player and that italy was camping him , thus beating cameroon . 
  too much world cup . 
  please look up the reparations france had to pay to germany after the war of 1870 . 
  they had to pay even more , and they paid . 
  the idea that germany was somehow forced into starting ww2 by the treaty of versailles is insane . 
  that 's great , 
  retired politician . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  just think for one second of the difference between the ukip coming to power and radical islamists coming to power . 
  i would n't want to live in the uk in any of these 2 cases but i know which one would be the lesser evil . 
  taking again the example of homosexuals i think there would be a huge gap in treatment . 
  yes , that 's an egg or chicken sort of question as well as some confirmation bias . 
  you can be rejected for a job and it can be because of your origins or not , you can never know . 
  if someone is in the mindset that he is being discriminated against he will see discrimination everywhere . 
  yes religiously derived but still not following to the rule the bible while muslim fundamentalists would like the sharia law . 
  even if ukip or the fn won over the uk or france the treatment of homosexuals would n't be even half as bad as in countries with sharia law . 
  also , i know you can be homosexual and homophobic but there was a study ( need to find it ) which showed that fn voters had with the far left the highest pourcentage of homosexuals . 
  yeah sure they put an emphasis on christian value but they are not religious nutjobs like islamists , they do n't advocate for the bible to have priority over the civil law . 
  not saying that the far right does n't have its own crazy ideas but religion wise they are not that opiniated . 
  yes that 's a well known phenomenon . 
  if we take the example of a second generation algerian immigrant in france . 
  he is not really considered french by the french ( to what extent it is his own perception and what the reality is is up to debate ) and not algerian by the algerians . 
  not truly belonging anywhere can be confusing . 
  shhhh , nobody noticed . 
  technically he said the 80 's which go from 1980 to 1989 . 
  so if we take the average at 1984.5 then he 's right . 
  well , she has 3 small children ... 
  but i guess with parents like that there is not much hope for them . 
  thanks , but with the incognito technique it worked just fine . 
  wow this is dumb . 
  i had no idea simply using incognito was enough . 
  thanks . 
  behind a paywall for me . 
  but the reason is really simple , if they cancel the deal they lose a lot of money , jobs and more importantly the business of most other countries on the planet . 
  neutral to slightly hostile countries do n't want to order military ships from a country which will cancel the deal at the first sight of tension . 
  though i have a question for the more informed .
