  the pivot is already under way . 
  europe needs to adapt sooner rather than later . 
  only when the eu is a single federal entity will they be treated equally . 
  honey made by robo bees . 
  damn synths stealing honest bee jobs . 
  it 's full of french . 
  san fran is n't the only city in the country and in general our university system is very good , just look at any uni ranking and its full of us schools . 
  austin , raleigh , or provo would be my bet . 
  my thoughts exactly !, 
  we can close all our other europe bases and just turn it into one big base !, 
  i mean , if you 're offering ... 
  i think you replied to the wrong post . 
  wow , the way it 's advertised and branded i always thought it was american !, 
  oh wow i had no idea you could make plastics from gas . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  any idea if that 's more efficient or cheaper than petroleum ? 
  a victory for the icelandic people !, 
  beats me . 
  i do n't know anyone with 3 cars . 
  every couple i know just has two . 
  most people buy used which are already over 25 % less than new . 
  depending on year and mileage you can easily afford 3 cars if they 're all 50 % off . 
  that 's a sweet hat . 
  how does that work ? 
  we track money very well . 
  i understand the `` crazy/suicidal '' finn stereotype now . 
  wait , so if a 13 year old killed someone nothing would be done ? 
  the south probably has the most guns though . 
  no , the recommended contribution toward their milotary amount is 2 % of gdp . 
  iirc only 4 or 5 countries actually meet that . 
  the entire point of nato is a combined military coalition . 
  if they cant contribute that they might as well leave nato . 
  we 're there too . 
  we 're everywhere . 
  just europe is much more public due to its heavy use of english . 
  i think its safe to say a lot of americans are pro baltics . 
  more so when presented the nato contributions compared to other western european countries . 
  my great grandfather fought in ww2 as a russian citizen before he became an american officially . 
  not sure if that 's changed since the cold war however . 
  they absolutely do . 
  most gun crime in the us is done in these ghettos . 
  i doubt we 'd ever give laser weapons to anyone . 
  no one expects to be perfect . 
  but you 've got to at least try . 
  a rep for california apparently . 
   koolraiding, 
  bro as your article even implies , hate speech is totally acceptable . 
  the only limitation is when you try to incite violence or panic . 
  like i said , nearly anything . 
  we do n't arrest people for tweets at least . 
  but sure , you keep on being so hostile for no reason . 
  thing about the scandals is most of those leaders knew if not participated in them . 
  the outcry was just to try and cover their asses . 
  yes . 
  you can say nearly anything here without fear of government retribution . 
  sealand !, 
  by `` both '' do you mean netherlands and france or europe and usa, 
  belgium and france were/are involved with syria and lybia though . 
  in most states you ca n't be detained longer than 72 hours without charge . 
  oops , saw danes and read dutch for some reason . 
  i heard it was a mossad false flag !, 
  you pretty much just described war in general . 
  technically i 'm 100 % european , blood wise !, 
   guantanamo 2.0 i think that 's in poland . 
  only in germany ( 1 ) , italy ( 2 ) , uk ( 1 ) , and turkey ( 126 ) . 
  of all the places , why is / r/europe filled with north carolinians ? 
  oh yea , they 're all the old colony countries . 
  ca n't believe i did n't realize that before . 
  according to wikipedia though france was offered to join 5 but declined and [ there are forces in motion to get the germans to join ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/us-lawmakers-push-for-german-entrance-to-five-eyes-spy-alliance/a-17246049 ) . 
  kfc has nothing on chick-fil-a and bojangles . 
  i 'd be surprised if germany was n't promoted from 14 eyes to 5 eyes in the next year or two . 
  honestly speaking : people do n't care about those countries . 
  yea , london is an outlier for camera use . 
  i think it 's silly to think that 's standard for every european city . 
  i do understand what you mean and i 'm in agreement there . 
  passive public surveillance is preferable to private active collation . 
  unfortunately some redditors downvote anything , even legitimate innocent questions . 
  what does the air force have to do with anything about 9/11 ? 
  i live and work in the capital city of my state . 
  i am a block from the capitol itself . 
  the only public cameras i can see are the ones outside the courthouse . 
  a huge city like nyc of course has cameras but they 're pretty much exclusively outside of federal buildings or `` traffic cams '' . 
  i imagine there are some in high traffic areas like time square but outside that , cameras are few and far between in the us . 
  [ here 's an old article i found about nyc cctv ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2010/05/big_apple_is_watching_you.html ) . 
  washington dc is probably covered though but given it 's d.c it makes sense . 
  us cities are simply way too sprawled to cover in cameras . 
  are we not allies ? 
  are we not allowed to be critical of each other ? 
  we are all very far from perfect and i do n't see anyone saying us security is infallible . 
  this guy basically says `` belgium security should be better '' , not `` us security would 've caught it '' . 
  it 's not about being perfect , it 's about doing a better job and taking things seriously . 
  who 's justin case ? 
  wait , so is this southern england that 's doing the frying or southern usa ? 
  edit : the wikipedia page is pretty funny  southern fried chicken was founded in the 1970s by arthur withers . 
  in the 1970s withers travelled to america to work for barbeque king ; there , he improved his knowledge of the commercial fast food business . 
  withers made a visit to greenville , south carolina , where he learned about fried chicken . 
  [ behold the power of southern food !, 
  ] ( http://www.southernfriedchicken.com/about-us/arthurs-story/ ), 
  the london tube attackers were all british educated as well iirc . 
  some as far as having gone to university .
