  though i would love for them to get more . 
  nasa has never been a military branch though . 
  the air force has their own division for space stuff . 
  unless you mean an organization that does n't fall under a government umbrella in which case ignore my comment , 
  mars demographics : * american : 2 * everyone else : 0, 
  for italy ? 
  maybe . 
  for esa ? 
  they 've worked alongside nasa and other space organizations before . 
  if european countries would put more money into esa i ca n't see anyone ever having a problem with that . 
  it would be awesome !, 
  i seriously doubt any of those companies have anything in ukraine they could n't move to another country at a moments notice . 
  these are just outsourced jobs , not integral to profit or operation . 
  and [ chevron ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-12-17/chevron-shale-exit-shreds-ukraine-s-hope-of-energy-independence ) has already quit ukraine . 
  exxonmobile is the only company i 'd say has actual interest in the area and they 're already getting sanctioned by the us gov for it . 
  there are very little us corporate assets in ukraine compared to other countries in europe and there are virtually no interests that corporations could n't get elsewhere for far less risk . 
  trust me when i say the us is not interested in ukraine . 
   ukraine on the other hand is just following its new ( us ) owners orders the us cares far less about ukraine than you seem to think . 
  anything you see regarding them has much more to do with countering russian aggression and less about ukraine . 
  complete dominance of every battlefield we enter ? 
  i know there has been interest in netherlands ( or maybe it was denmark ) and france that could end up getting strong enough for referendums of their own should a brexit happen . 
  aw man i thought we called dibs !, 
  i do n't think we 've built a diesel submarine in 50 years . 
  still , water is very good at absorbing and distributing heat . 
  unless the sub is very close the surface the heat will be far too spread out to make a difference by the time it reaches the surface . 
  that 's insane . 
  my tuition was $ 3500 a semester . 
  i really hope it gets funded . 
  that thing will look amazing taking off . 
  social security is the closest we have to a national pension . 
  but we are a very `` individual responsibility '' based society and it 's expected that a person will care for themselves by planning for retirement ( 401k ) etc. 
  i 'm always surprised with how many tiny islands are in the pacific . 
  you ca n't measure debt by total member . 
  you have to look at it by percentage of gdp . 
  [ and we 're fairly average ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/70532000/gif/_70532713_global_debt_borrowing_percentage_gdp_464.gif ) . 
  their economy has already slowed down significantly . 
  i 'd be surprised if they can recover, 
  the rich are always better off regardless of the system . 
  as far as i 'm aware the only company that has any real kind of quantum computer is d-wave . 
  and they 've sold to numerous groups already . 
  only if you close your eyes . 
  i think he said `` cyka blyat '', 
  good luck getting texas to agree to that . 
  it 's amazing how many people they kill . 
  their contributions and sacrifices helped lead to the greatest country earth has ever seen , fellow patriot !, 
  it 's the least we could do !, 
  never seen it . 
  what do vikings have to do with the american revolution ? 
  well their politics are just about as equally stupid as anyone elses . 
  they just do n't get any attention since they 're canada . 
  i think we 'd be a good team . 
  both have traits that would strengthen the other . 
  he grew up in hawaii . 
  he only lived in indonesia for something like 4 years . 
  because some americans like to learn about europe ? 
  and some people complain when someone is n't flair 'd . 
  oh my god this metaphor is so good . 
  i would also support a na union . 
  that would be pretty sweet . 
  maybe us and canada could finally fix mexico . 
  [ i do n't see anything about any us intervention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_stream ) . 
  well if we 're gon na talk about the past , big thanks to france for helping us deal with those dastardly british !, 
  i love my windows phone . 
  and it being a nokia makes it solid as a rock . 
  he worked at monsters inc for a while . 
  that 's the same thing that lead to 9/11 for us . 
  all the alphabet agencies were competing and not communicating with each other . 
  cia and fbi treated each other like opposing teams instead of on the same side . 
   voter disenfranchisement this is a shitty political tool used across the country ( like we just saw in the ny primaries ) . 
  it has nothing to do with racism . 
   the fact that many schools in the south are underfunded because the white people pay for their children to go to private , no-blacks-allowed schools , etc. 
  uh what ? 
  where do you think this is happening ? 
  woah interesting . 
  in the us a student is anyone in school or university . 
  wan na meet up in germany for lunch ? 
  i would say the stuff still going on in the us is more about identification than any kind of ideology . 
  i 've met a number of rednecks and was very surprised to see how tolerant they are but they fly the confederate flag for no other reason than being proud their a southerner . 
  last year was the first time they close more shops than they opened . 
  you ca n't browse dank europe memes if you go outside . 
  i can pay $ 1.93 for a gallon of gas right now . 
  that 's about 1.70 euro/gal . 
  what ? 
  did n't realize the huge trampoline for middle class families thing was a global phenomenon . 
  i 'm just saying what they could try and do . 
  no doubt it would be very hard to get through the bureaucratic checks and balances . 
  probably start petitioning countries to be removed from nato if they do n't put up . 
  we already have the ac-130 for that . 
  vermont probably already has that honor . 
  without us support i think europe can reach their full potential . 
  i think us being there just holds them back and makes them too reliant on us . 
  i 'm ok with supporting baltics since they 're poor and western europe seems to have no care about their security from russia but if we pulled out of everywhere else i 'd be happy . 
  we do n't have to leave nato , we just have to stop actively defending wealthy west europeans who hate us . 
  of course they could shoot it down . 
  at that range phalanx alone would 've turned them into cheese, 
  disagree . 
  we do n't have the best motives sometimes but generally our goals are for the betterment of everyone even if the execution gets fucked up along the way . 
  woah there , fez 's are cool . 
  every government spies upon as many others as they can . 
  doing otherwise would be folly .
