  i cant get over the nozel design on the f22 . 
  surprised no france . 
  we have n't really has pensions in years . 
  its all 401k 's now . 
  yes , probably because those engines are illegal here due to their higher nox output . 
  from [ popular mechanics ( 2009 ) ] ( http://www.popularmechanics.com/cars/a4567/4330313/ ) :  the 50-state light-duty vehicle limit for emissions of nitrogen oxides is 0.07 grams per mile . 
  in western europe , the limit is 0.29 . 
  reducing nox to nitrogen and oxygen is much harder with a diesel engine because the exhaust is typically cooler and contains less oxygen compared to a gas engine . 
  to meet u.s. regulations , diesel engines are required to use complicated -- and expensive -- high-pressure fuel injection and after-treatment systems that in some cases inject an aqueous urea solution to handle the nox . 
  that 's not due to any better or worse technology though . 
  we have much more strict emissions standards on nox than europe . 
  to meet those restrictions diesel engines here must be less powerful and less efficient than their european counterparts . 
  wow , it does actually say that . 
   mainly because they know americans and japanese ca n't compete with their technology . 
  what does this mean ? 
  we have diesel cars here . 
  they 're just usually pickup trucks . 
  at least you have a dry heat . 
  it gets so humid here you can swim through it . 
  eh it depends on the source . 
  my power comes from a nuclear plant so i do n't feel bad about using a lot of energy . 
  are there europeans that do n't bathe at least once a day ? 
  i do n't even know where to begin with that statement . 
  most white collar people work in some kind of shared office building . 
  when has anyone ever had an office with balconies and porches ? 
  as long as electricity is so cheap and it 's so hot and humid things will never change . 
   germany : $ 0.29 / kwh wow i saw people said we paid less for electricity than europe but that 's equal to $ 0.33 us !, 
  i pay about $ 0.093 / kwh ( $ 0.08 ), 
  it 's 80f ( 27c ) out right now and it 's only the beginning of summer . 
  we usually hit around 105 ( 40.5 ) at its peak . 
  people would literally die without ac . 
  say , how hard is it to immigrate to estonia ? 
  `` baltica : the crap made in russia '', 
  when you have 320 + million people it tends to add up :(, 
  i was amazed when i visited kyoto that other than the kyoto tower the tallest building was the train station !, 
  buying a plane ticket now . 
  this is tragic . 
  you 're supposed to be better than this . 
  it 's always been the fact . 
  the areas of the country with the highest homicide rates are dense urban neighborhoods with high majority black population . 
  a tragic combination of poverty and gang violence . 
  i agree . 
  but that 's not what op was implying . 
  some schools have the pledge of allegiance but it 's hardly required . 
  i just continued talking to my friends . 
  i think the big thing is you have to work and you have to integrate or else you simply wont survive . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe immigrants are comfortable to sit on ? 
  omg this is incredible . 
  a 2 and a half hour train ride in the us would n't get you half of the way out of my state . 
  free speech only applies to the government . 
  private entities like twitter or reddit can do whatever they want . 
  canada would lose within hours if they declared war on the us . 
  their entire population is right on our border . 
  there is an infatuation with the uk beyond compare . 
  it takes far more than a crazy president to do anything since things have to get through the senate and house first . 
  and a beer garden with the most taps in the world !, 
  they are , that 's why i 'm saying eu should do it too . 
  create some kinda grant program to encourage eu producers and writers so they can better compete with their hollywood counter parts . 
  if they want people to watch eu media than they should subsidize eu media creation instead of penalizing people who have no competition . 
  compete !, 
  maybe i can write in `` the queen '' in the next election since trump and hillary are so bad . 
  did you never clean your windows ? 
  lol, 
  however it works with their strange mystical british ways . 
  technically no . 
  we 're like the estranged cousin but we 're very very close to the real commonwealth members . 
  i doubt any eu country , or even a combination of countries , would be willing to put up the tens of billions in r&d that went into something like the f-22 project . 
  it would be nice to catch up more with dad . 
  i know in the mid west you do actually find a lot of stone and concrete houses in the more tornado prone areas . 
  but again it all depends on how much you wan na spend since it drives up cost a lot . 
  wow , i had no idea [ drywall could have different variations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drywall#specifications ) . 
  thanks for the great explanation !, 
  99 % of modern houses in the us are drywall . 
  having looked at your previous link that looks like some one trying to make sales . 
  here 's a more accurate map from noaa of frequent tornado areas . 
  we have a shit ton of wood so houses are very cheap to build and just as sturdy . 
  in my opinion stone seems over engineered . 
  i just do n't see the benefit over wood other than being able to withstand bombs . 
  that is tiny . 
  very few people live in those regions compared to the rest of the country . 
  and as someone who lives in a hurricane zone i can tell you they 're nowhere as bad as a tornado , otherwise you 'd hear about all of florida being wiped out regularly . 
  with hurricanes the big issue is trees being uprooted from too much water and falling through your roof than wind . 
  real ? 
  sorry i 'm not familiar with european construction techniques . 
  moving could be a factor . 
  no sense in investing in your home too much if you do n't plan to stay there long . 
  wood frames and drywall definitely make modification and addition very cheap and easy . 
  there 's only a tiny part of the us prone to tornadoes though . 
  it 's not like our homes are falling apart around us . 
  wow !, 
  flimsy indeed in comparison . 
  i think you 're over thinking it . 
  it 's not much more than a simple hinge on a slide . 
  and it really just opens up for cleaning , you just slide it up for general use . 
  it saves a lot of space . 
  its pretty shit so i 'd say its a good match . 
  it all depends on how much you wan na spend . 
  and a lot of people seem to prefer having more square footage than quality living for some reason : / i do n't understand it either . 
  it swings in .
