we own vacuum cleaners for a reason . 
  that guy being so close to the window for so long made me really uncomfortable . 
  we could lend them our gulf stream , get that nice warm air meeting that cool nordic air over germany . 
  they 'll have life threatening tornadoes all over the place in no time !, 
  well it does say you guys only have `` dozens '' of recorded deaths since the 1800 's . 
  meanwhile we have [ one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_joplin_tornado ) that killed 158 . 
  i thought as much . 
  i know we do n't get a whole lot of euro news here in the us but i figured we 'd hear about any nasty tornadoes . 
  more than i would 've thought !, 
  does this include funnel clouds or are these all touchdowns ? 
  i imagine its a lot of young people who are n't familiar with international political relations . 
  god knows how many people follow the royal family here . 
  [ interestingly in the us ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ducofmg.png ) ... and [ lithuania ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3gfnm0a.png ) . 
  we just have regular fruitcake . 
  everyone hates it . 
  never heard of christmas cake . 
  right , same reasoning with how you can serve a burger or sandwich with a tooth pick going through the middle . 
  i would die if blue cheese was outlawed . 
  the toys are n't inside the food . 
  the law is something basic like , `` you can not include inedible objects within food '', 
  i have read the paper . 
  in the study they used only three cars : `` vehicle a '' , a 2012 vw jetta , `` vehicle b '' , a 2013 vw passat , and `` vehicle c '' a bmw x5 . 
  [ the bmw failed one test while the vw 's failed every test ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bpdzluc.png ) . 
  i still ca n't find anything about other brands using a defeat device though , just that companies likely used immoral methods to skew test results in their favor . 
  it 's not like they just throw stuff on the market . 
  there are still regulations in place . 
  the fda has clear guidelines for what 's eligible and safe for human consumption . 
  i know about mitsubishi but do you have any sources for gm , ford , and renault ? 
  first i 've heard about them getting caught with emissions . 
  and the reasoning i thought for vw being so severe was because they actively went out and built a defeat device compared to other manufactures who just use loop holes in bad regulating tests to optimize the results . 
  keep in mind that does n't mean people necessarily agree with any of his socialist ideals . 
  i know a lot of people who are pro bernie do n't expect him to get any of those ideals past congress . 
  likewise for trump supporters . 
  candidates can say anything they want up to elections but good luck getting anything done . 
  hence why sanders and trump have so much popularity . 
  people are tired of this shit . 
  1 , 3 , and 5 i could see spirit doing . 
  i think frontier has n't sunk far enough to go past 5 . 
  [ spirit is pretty shit ] ( http://lifehacker.com/five-worst-airlines-1650789029/1652507364 ) . 
  us typically does n't publish satellite images . 
  we have spirit and frontier which is basically ryanair, 
  we have frontier and spirit airlines which are the exact same business models . 
  nickel and dime all the things !, 
  the average us citizen , like the average european citizen , simply does not care . 
  both obama and jobs were raised by their american mothers not the fathers . 
  the fathers quickly abandoned their kids . 
  also neither were refugees . 
  they typically do n't have logistics aircraft like we do . 
  but fallout makes it seem like so much fun !, 
  its full of french . 
  uhg that 's so typical of dad . 
  [ they 're pretty convenient ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seedless_fruit ) . 
  do seedless fruit not exist in europe ? 
  we do actually ... 
  i 'd also say with counter measures becoming better and better ( lasers , railguns , interceptor missiles , etc ) nuclear attack seems like a less and less likely chance unless you have hundreds of warheads . 
  with the sanctions in place and the plummet in oil price russia ca n't afford to do anything at the moment . 
  any attempts to significantly counter any kind of build up in europe will probably lead to another ussr style collapse . 
  other than aircraft and drones most european defense spending stays in europe . 
  sweden for example is a massive producer of arms . 
  on top of that no one is advocating for war , quite the opposite , a unified and armed europe is a wonderful deterrent . 
  yup , 4.7 during middle east antics in 2010 . 
  around 3.5 now . 
  oh sorry , i thought you meant russian citizens . 
  our military spending has n't been that low for over 70 years . 
  better ? 
  annexation would be a quick way to fix that , 
  the [ last graph i 've seen ] ( http://i.imgur.com/86cjli3.png ) shows uk spending only 2.1 % while the us is at 3.6 %, 
  there 's a recommended expenditure of 2 % gdp for nato members but it 's not required or enforced . 
  it 's not just about training and toys . 
  it 's also about munitions , stockpiles , and logistics . 
  both of which you and france quickly ran out of in libya . 
  well at least it sounds like you 're trying to recover from it so hopefully you 'll be back up in the skies in time . 
  bombs are bombs . 
  it is true . 
  it 's not a requirement but it really should be ( with terms of excuse if the member country is in some state of emergency and needs to move money somewhere else temporarily ) . 
  if a country like estonia can meet it i do n't see why germany and france ca n't . 
  if you ca n't attack a country practically right on your doorstep how can you hope to defend yourself in an open war ? 
  maybe not , but the baltics certainly will , who will then complain to germany . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would n't you want spares ? 
  like with anything mechanical things are guaranteed to needs parts , especially something as complicated as aircraft . 
  i would love another space race !, 
  technically it 's mostly steam from all the water used to protect the launch pad , 
  no , a lot of [ american rich people ] ( http://www.space.com/11492-space-tourism-pioneer-dennis-tito.html ) have gone up to the iss via the russians . 
  wow that 's so weird . 
  the tail is nearly invisible . 
  the museum by dulles is incredible . 
  so underrated compared to the air and space museum . 
  i 'm with you there . 
  it 's like a dark ~ ~ eastern european ~ ~ nordic robot chicken . 
  your watermelons are brown on the inside ? 
  i get where he 's coming from though . 
  there 's a difference in buying tanks and jets and guns versus exploring potential icbm technology . 
  honestly i think it would be more beneficial to build a kind of super station in lunar orbit . 
  it would act as a base for mars missions and other deep space missions while also having the potential to support moon missions of any kind . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  if italy wanted to ramp up their own space program that could spark interest from `` uncle sam '' . 
  otherwise esa is a great and respected organization . 
  nasa actually got more than they asked for recently . 
  i think they 're up to $ 18.5 b now .
