  clearly it 's the tests that are broken if they can be gamed so easily . 
  they need to do more than just sit a car on some rollers and run it for a while . 
  most people are n't interested in it compared to the main olympics so it gets no coverage or support unfortunately . 
  down -9.55 % now !, 
  gon na be an interesting quarter . 
  also before ww2 german was the second most spoken language in the us with entire german speaking towns and german language publications !, 
  a lot of people seem to forget that it takes the senate , house , and executive branches to enact legislature . 
  if trump was elected i ca n't see anything other than washington becoming deadlocked for four years . 
  if he does n't get impeached first . 
  i 'm 100 % for an eu army . 
  it means far more efficient expenditure and organization . 
  nato would be so so much more better as well with the eu as one member instead of many . 
  it would also hopefully reduce the need for such a large american presence which means we can decrease our giant military even more or at least devote more to our pivot to asia . 
  i firmly believe it would be a much more peaceful world . 
  i think you guys have goofed up but i can never hate you brits . 
  and to give some context to op the gdp of the uk is about $ 2.849 trillion with a population of about 64 million ( 2013 ) . 
  this is one of the best things i 've ever seen . 
  i imagine it would work much better for joint work with the us if they did . 
  it 's happened before with china https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hainan_island_incident, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  most people know english . 
  that 's near bristol is n't it ? 
  silicon valley was a juggernaut well before 2007 . 
  i 'm an expert in memes though not international trade . 
  this is such a cool project . 
  i really hope it gets built !, 
  i do n't understand the hate eastern europe gets from western europe . 
  most of them have made huge progress since the fall of the ussr and they have a lot of potential . 
  they just need some support . 
  there 's a `` what estonian mythological being are you '' type thing there :p, 
  did you apply for any scholarships ? 
  if you really are testing that high you should be eligible for a ton . 
  we 're one of the most socially mobile societies on the planet . 
  you have it backwards . 
  if you qualify you can practically go to university for free if you 're income is low enough . 
  good point . 
  it would be foolish not to, 
  nobodies complaining about or discounting the achievement that is the www, 
  apparently i 'm soovana . 
  edit : and a round trip flight to tallinn would be $ 1300 . 
  not bad . 
  i do n't know if you can call the situation in cuba and dprk `` living '', 
  no , the internet ( as in tcp/ip ) was 100 % us . 
  i think you 're thinking of the world wide web . 
  even if they did they would n't be able to get anywhere close to our air space . 
  [ relevant stephen fry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fupegpwgke8 ) . 
  efficient as fuck . 
  any threat against the us is laughable . 
  no one compares militarily . 
  what a cowardly piece of shit . 
  i mean , depending on the age statistically speaking it probably was . 
  difference is the people being held in gitmo are n't americans . 
  are n't reactor buildings usually extremely hardened and reinforced to avoid that ? 
  they would probably hit a cooling tower before the reactor itself anyway . 
  you ca n't just call someone a monkey no matter how executive . 
  they would n't last a week if they tried to take our nukes . 
  youtube was founded in california . 
  we all have ballistic nuclear subs too so even in a first strike situation the one who fired first would be doomed anyway . 
  any bet the turkish military will roll over as fast as iraq 's ? 
  [ in case you were really wondering ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq9778y-rqu ) . 
  this is so fucked . 
  please stay safe french bros. 
  we reduced too . 
  were down to 3 % from like 30 % just after ww2 . 
  not really . 
  if it was n't for nasa propping up the soyuz program it would 've been scrapped a long time ago . 
  they stopped because the ussr collapsed and cut off their funding . 
  i did a double take and made sure i was indeed in / r/europe, 
  hands down one of the most emotional experiences i 've had in a video game . 
  and it was a side scroller !, 
  blocked in my country . 
  ca n't say i 've had this experience before . 
  like that 's stopped you before !, 
  looks like i turned some people to the light . 
  went from -10 to +18 , 
  it makes me sad so few people are experienced with the gift of ken m, 
  me too . 
  clean and simple . 
  speak for yourself . 
  edit : [ jesus people it 's a meme ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/kenm/comments/4f27ka/ken_m_on_being_british/ ), 
  if we wanted to warmonger we 'd go to war . 
  this is to avoid war . 
  carriers are super cool though . 
  it really depends on the area . 
  nyc for example has a yearly naked bike thing and there 's the famous naked cowboy . 
  imo the pacific fights were basically meat grinders . 
  tiny islands with dense vegetation made strategy very difficult so it was mostly just blow everything up and rush em . 
  the naval stuff was amazing but from a soldier stand point it was hell . 
  i 've always found the european and african battles much more interesting . 
  what are you even on about . 
  the 2 % is towards a countries own military not nato . 
  we want countries to grow their militaries and defend their own borders so we can scale back . 
  i can get behind this one . 
  the whole anglosphere really are a bunch of mates . 
  duh its the capital of new york . 
  upwards and outwards !, 
  glory to the hegemony of man !, 
  i absolutely love this !, 
  i 'd be amazed if parents allowed this in schools here . 
  more than the f22 ?
