  i meant within america . 
  that 's lexington bbq . 
  and yes , it sucks . 
  from what i can tell , we 'll deport anyone anywhere unless they 've been granted asylum or can prove that their absence will have a significant impact on their family/children or have strong moral character and not committed crimes within 10 years of having entered the country . 
  as far as i can tell , if you 're a criminal in the us you 're goin home . 
  florida is huge for oranges and georgia for peaches . 
  ca n't say i know of any regions big about any specific vegetables though . 
  on the global scale our food is just as good if not better than most of europe . 
  people actively fight over which type of bbq is better ( east nc obviously ) . 
  we take our meat very seriously . 
  luckily it has n't spread past ultra liberal college campuses and tumblr and is mocked pretty heavily everywhere else . 
  does anyone know how this works in the us ? 
  do we just put them in prison until their country of origin calms down ? 
  i think the eu just has no idea what it wants to be and has made no effort to define itself by making no real concrete bylaws . 
  i think he means the formation of the eu in general . 
  oh do n't worry about me . 
  it was my parents who had the frame of mind to move as far away as they could before i was born . 
  i would n't be surprised if the coast guard was bigger than most navies . 
  i 'm constantly left astounded at how much europe tries to help the world when they ca n't even be bothered to help their neighbors first . 
  having family from long island i can completely understand . 
  i agree . 
  but with the current situation and tensions as they are it would be at least another decade before they would even be considered . 
  seeing how hong kong reacts to mainlanders i can completely agree . 
  it creates a cultural bubble . 
  all that gang violence in chicago ? 
  gang members just sneak kinder eggs into their rivals mail boxes . 
  the results speak for themselves . 
  the original wonder ball had toys and stuff inside of it but they stopped production because it was a choking hazard . 
  the new one just has candy in it . 
  just bants , lad . 
  well would you look at that . 
  only 3 european countries and the uk ranked higher than the us . 
  ha , so it 's implying they 'll be deporting the german folk first . 
  i think she 's british by the way she spells `` colour '', 
  i 'm just here for the bants and social commentary . 
  i think he replied to the wrong comment . 
  wow , i ca n't believe i have n't heard about this !, 
  so you 're suggesting europe is capable of defending themselves ? 
  despite virtually every european in this thread saying the contrary ? 
  i guess they 're all just idiots too then . 
  you must be the smartest person in europe !, 
  great rebuttal . 
  real glad you can make logical arguments without resorting to childish remarks . 
  are you ? 
  i think he 's talking about retail trade and black friday . 
  do n't really care honestly . 
  europe needs defending and wont do it themselves . 
  the global economic stability and geopolitical security is worth it . 
   the us cant fight an extended war in europe either . 
  we did it before we can certainly do it again , especially with today 's technology and all our bases . 
  if we spent years in the middle east with an active military we can do it in europe too . 
  i 'd welcome the small savings in taxes from a reduced military so please feel free to support your own . 
  why ca n't we do both ? 
  you could probably ask japan to give you some . 
  i love you . 
  where did you find those numbers ? 
  they seem very high . 
  [ here 's 2015 ] ( http://travel.trade.gov/view/m-2015-i-001/index.html ) from the office of travel and tourism . 
  check the `` top 20 tourist-generating countries '' link . 
  i think you overestimate the volume of european tourists . 
  which one are you ? 
  typically if you have a job it comes with medical insurance . 
  everyone bad mouths america . 
  especially americans . 
  you 'd be fine . 
  well , at least people slightly prefer our influence over china and russia . 
  yay ? 
  also it 's funny how / r/europe seems to like obama more than any of their own politicians . 
  thanks mods for organizing this poll !, 
  damn , i should 've gotten in on my schools foreign exchange program it seems . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  [ we 're already starting to do that ] ( http://www.state.gov/t/pm/wra/c11735.htm ) . 
  we still have n't used them in over two decades . 
  everything we currently have is just warehoused . 
   the last recorded us use of antipersonnel landmines was more than 20 years ago , during the 1991 gulf war . 
  the us has had an export ban on antipersonnel mines in place since 1992 . 
  there has been no known us production of antipersonnel mines since 1997 . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2013/03/01/united-states-time-has-come-ban-landmines ), 
  man fuck everything about mines we do n't need more of that shit in the world . 
  we 've spent trillions on government , schools , training , and infrastructure to no avail . 
  this is a region that has no hope of peace imo . 
  eh , depends where . 
  i could see it happening in south chicago . 
  the whole movement was started by a british scientist iirc . 
  the results of the [ fence in hungary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_border_barrier#impact_on_the_number_of_illegal_migrants_entering_hungary ) is amazing . 
  us fence is doing alright too but it 's a lot harder to measure the results given it 's so large . 
   the number of border patrol apprehensions declined 61 % from 1,189,000 in 2005 to 723,840 in 2008 to 463,000 in 2010 . 
  like the space station !, 
  thanks !, 
  so this only applies to events ? 
  not someone who just walks outside and starts dancing ? 
  so what happens if someone dances on good friday ? 
  it 's just starting to get cold out in south east us . 
  i think it was 70f ( 21c ) in december . 
  now it 's 36f ( 2c ) !, 
  would be a bit easier this time around with all the bases in germany . 
  it probably includes some aid deal knowing us . 
  not sure what the difference is . 
  we learned it from * you * , dad !, 
  also he probably sounded like a commie !,
