  check his username . 
  i think they used google translate in that second article . 
  the cad against the usd has dropped about 33 % in a year iirc . 
  and canada . 
  how ? 
  are german drivers not required to have insurance just to even own/drive a car ? 
   instigated the ukraine rising in order to put in its puppet government under cia asset poroshenko in order to isolate russia . 
  it 's hilarious that people actually think this . 
  than you made boring friends or just happened to live somewhere with really poor choices . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been to a decent restaurant that did n't have at least 2 or 3 local craft beers on tap and most people i know would n't go anywhere near mass produced beer like bud light or miller when they have their choice of craft brews . 
  even just 10 minutes away from me a place just opened called the [ raleigh beer garden ] ( http://www.theraleighbeergarden.com/pages/taphunter ) which has 350 taps . 
  yup , enamel is naturally a slight yellow . 
  it shows poor decision making and lack of confidence in the eu to run things well regardless or not whether it effects the uk . 
  ha , i 'm in raleigh !, 
  guess my friends have just never been interested . 
  where did you go ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever actually seen a gun other than on an officer or soldier . 
  we usually do . 
  it 's just nasa is the only one with the resources to lead the group . 
  there 's no way it would be $ 5.6 billion . 
  and double that at $ 11.2 billion still seems really optimistic . 
  the uss gerald r. ford costs about $ 12.8 billion and that does n't even include r&d . 
  yea canada is amazingly lucky to be where it is geographically . 
  probably the only country that 's relatively secure on all sides . 
  yea , with everything i 've seen going on in europe i 'll take a mexican over a syrian any day . 
  mexico is awesome . 
  i 'm often sad thinking about what a great country it could be if it was n't for the cartels and government corruption . 
  yea the average conservative hates what the republican party has become in my experience . 
  wow , i just looked up the population of finland . 
  never realized it was so small . 
  there people that ride the bus here are usually scary . 
  ca n't argue with you there . 
  we do n't want to push around europe though . 
  we want them to be peaceful and wealthy so we can sell them shit . 
  why would we want that ? 
  haha that don is always such a card . 
  dude talk to accounting , checks should be coming regularly . 
  [ wiki says atl . 
  ord is third ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_busiest_airports_in_the_united_states ) . 
  there 's also a huge difference in air burst versus on the ground . 
  i think most of the stuff in the pacific tests was on the ground so it 's contamination was far far higher . 
  looks like in total we used 43 nukes on that poor island . 
  i also would n't be surprised if some of those tests experimented with different compounds and amounts that results in way more contamination than the typical nuke . 
  googling around it looks like they estimate cleanup would only be around $ 250m so i do n't know why we just do n't do that and get it over with . 
  edit : looks like [ operation castle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_castle#test_execution ) is probably to blame for a good amount of it, 
  nuclear radiation from bombs do not last long at all . 
  you ca n't compare them to a nuclear reactor containment failure . 
  hiroshima and nagasaki for example rebuilt fairly quickly after the war . 
  edit : [ found an article that discusses the aftermath of nuclear weapons if you 're interested ] ( http://zidbits.com/2013/11/is-nagasaki-and-hiroshima-still-radioactive/ ), 
  did somebody say burgerland ? 
  we 're blowing it up as fast as we can guys . 
  wow that 's nuts !, 
  i did n't expect them to be all over the road . 
  and this is all day every day ? 
  i guess what i 'm saying is what 's the significance of the standards being about 100 points apart ? 
  i 'm bad at wording questions :(, 
  damn commie long necked horses . 
  can someone smart explain to me how significant the difference is between eu and us standards ? 
  i see big number and small number but i do n't know the magnitude of either . 
  that 's pretty much how it works in the us like it or not . 
  you either work and contribute to society or you will suffer greatly . 
  how expensive is paris these days ? 
  been thinking about heading to france for my next vacation for some time now . 
  and then fill it with water . 
  italians or the eu ? 
  do you want to risk jafar getting lose ? 
  we usually do n't fuck around when it comes to food . 
  the fda will drop a hammer on you if you break regulations . 
  plenty of other industries though where i 'd completely agree with you . 
   besides , eu yields are higher than us 's you make no mention of any specific crop here . 
  i assumed of course that you were talking in generalities . 
  if you want to break it down to individual crop than of course you can find plenty of things that the us produces more of and others that the eu produces more of . 
  i find that very hard to believe considering we have nearly 3 times the farmable land the eu does and i can guarantee you we grow far far more corn and soybeans than probably anyone else in the world . 
  edit : this is the newest comparison i could find http://i.imgur.com/yqy2xkv.png http://i.imgur.com/gssx267.png http://i.imgur.com/x1tcb7g.png source : http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/881052/wrs0404_002.pdf, 
  but does anyone care ? 
  my local news allows comments and their all terrible . 
  not everything needs a comment section . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35285086 basically swedish police were caught covering up incidents of immigrants breaking the law . 
  i do n't know about them . 
  i still plan on buying a gti as soon as i can get the money together . 
  if i could get a used tdi i would . 
  my state does n't do emissions inspections . 
   instead , the alliance should have refused membership to former communist nations in eastern and central europe , telling candidate countries like hungary and the poland that `` we see the future of europe in a different way , '' he said . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  we should n't give them a defense pact so he has free reign to do whatever he wants ? 
   not good at this disagree . 
  thanks for translating !, 
  seriously ? 
  i thought we just covered japan , south korea , and bits of europe and the middle east . _ . 
  great , now the mods are going to have to add a swastika flag . 
  it 's a terrible cycle . 
  i would n't put it past him . 
  no , invading it is invading it . 
  yea no you guys are way more liberal and pc than we ever could be . 
  seriously ? 
  in a rural school in washington ? 
  my schools were pretty urban with my high school having about 2000 students and we never had security even close to that . 
  just a single officer and some cameras i doubt anyone ever looked at . 
  we 'd probably stay friends regardless . 
  i mean , i 'd love to save some of my tax dollars if we could spend less on our gigantic military .
