  so many countries use us for defense . 
  yes . 
  that 's the point of nato . 
  wow we had a lot of former stuff . 
  how early are we talking about ? 
  i know a lot of the bars near me are usually open until 2 am . 
  i bet you could even see some of that sexy elbow . 
  where do i sign ? 
  procrastinated working on my stats site all weekend ... 
  penguins are no joke . 
  it was until they got caught . 
  new years eve, 
  these are really cool pictures . 
  about 4 . 
  except we have no limits on speech ? 
  i think sweden at least has hate speech laws . 
  there 's nowhere else i 'd rather be , 
  especially in alberta . 
   crime in the us is distributed unequally , and often highly concentrated . 
  this . 
  so many people do n't seem to get this when they visit the us for the first time . 
  islam is a race ? 
  i think a lot of people are suckered into credit cards at a young age . 
  rising tuition costs do n't help either . 
  if they 're coming here for jobs i do n't think they have to worry about those last 3 . 
  and historically fuel is cheaper here than most places in the world and depending where they 're coming from they 'd probably buy cars anyway . 
  i think the benefits still outweigh the costs . 
  to be fair that 's much more a personal issue than a cultural one . 
  anyone is capable of fiscal responsibility . 
  i have about $ 5k in savings myself . 
  i also really doubt the claim that someone with a good education and sense of responsibility will have a harder time here than in europe . 
  may the power of trump compel you . 
  eh it 's not that bad . 
  it really depends on where you live and what you do . 
  i 'm in raleigh , nc as a software engineer and am quite comfortable . 
  wow , 150k to the us !, 
  why leave europe ? 
  i meant that it lets people watch someone die versus watching someone be killed . 
  injections are n't instantaneous . 
  it 's up to the individual state . 
  injection lets people watch them die which some find more vindictive than a simple shot to the head . 
  i find europe and the dialog between its members interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  guess i 'm planning a european vacation . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  source ? 
  not all states support castle doctrine . 
  wow looks just like arizona . 
  where are those neat looking buildings around 0:17 ? 
  and i 'm not arguing against that . 
  but the nato thing is n't a requirement . 
  it does n't demand anything . 
  the % is a recommendation . 
  yes . 
  she 's projected to lose michigan by a considerable margin . 
  without that and some miracle down the line she 's toast . 
  people seem nice , lots of english speakers , pretty country , tech based economy , cheap alcohol , meet recommended spending for nato . 
  at this point i would n't assume anything anymore . 
  so how 's estonia looking for the next four years ? 
  hard to get a working visa for a software engineer ? 
  it 's not good but still worth watching just for the gun kata . 
  for those wondering when results will come out [ this should help ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-37885746 ) . 
  may god help us all . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  [ we 've been in a pretty steady decline ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs?end=2015&amp;locations=us&amp;start=1988&amp;view=chart ) since we pulled out of the middle east and we 've never been better economically . 
  [ how i see that going . 
  holy shit why do we have so many tanks . 
  curious why you would think this ? 
  i think we need a joint initiative with russia to establish international bouncy castles around the world . 
  it would be like the iss program but for a new modern century . 
  no that 's right . 
  americans like to keep their finances private . 
  it 's considered rude and braggardly to discuss income in most social circles . 
  having different methods is n't a bad thing . 
  we have 3 major methods in the us . 
  easier said than done for most businesses . 
  the company i work for is firmly locked into the ms ecosystem :(, 
  we 're not all this dumb , i swear !, 
  \\ # 8 is pretty great . 
  two questions : 1 . 
  is it hard to get romanian citizenship . 
  do i have to become a vampire ? 
  hope it 's just a fucked up prank . 
  do n't give nestle any ideas . 
  look at what we fined the other banks with . 
  they all settle for a fraction of the initial charge . 
  this . 
  unification needs to be ingrained and supported . 
  you all have to be in this together or it wont work . 
  what are you doing here , palau ? 
  exactly . 
  it 's a buyers market for foreigners . 
  i still hope to travel to gb sometime soon . 
  other than vw and pickup trucks you 'll be hard pressed to find a diesel in the us . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do not use any kind of def equivalent since their nox laws are much more lax than ours . 
  [ for those who do n't know what def is ] ( http://www.discoverdef.com/def-overview/ ) . 
  yea i do n't know what american would be against this . 
  an eu force would save us a lot of money . 
  the estimated value of asteroids range in the trillions of dollars in iron , platinum , and more . 
  there is some serious money to be made up there .
