  a ) health insurance is covered by the employer for most americans . 
  b ) i do n't even know what that is . 
  wait , so would this mean uk student debt is about # 45k ? 
  on average that 's nuts . 
  we at least accepted blame for it and compensated the families who lost love ones . 
   in 1996 , the united states and iran reached a settlement at the international court of justice which included the statement '' ... the united states recognized the aerial incident of 3 july 1988 as a terrible human tragedy and expressed deep regret over the loss of lives caused by the incident ... '' . 
  as part of the settlement , the united states did not admit legal liability but agreed to pay on an ex gratia basis us$ 61.8 million , amounting to $ 213,103.45 per passenger , in compensation to the families of the iranian victims . 
  ^ ^ ^ [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ) but few can deny it was still handled quite poorly . 
  edit : i 'll also say the people responsible received medals for completing their tours of duty , not for shooting down the airliner . 
  the universe he 's able to create in all of his books are always so deep and detailed and always seems to end too soon :(, 
  wow have n't heard that book in years . 
  great read !, 
  yea since modern ships are more about missiles than guns it makes more sense that they 're more worried about not being seen and just attacking from very very long range also , your english is just fine !, 
  did n't notice anything . 
  the tumblehome hull design has been around for over a hundred years . 
  it stopped being used due to its instability at `` high speeds '' ( googles words ) . 
  the only reason it was brought back was for a better stealth profile . 
  time will tell weather or not modern hull building techniques will correct its historical flaws . 
  it 's amazing the difference between the arleigh burke and the zumwalt in terms of aesthetics . 
  a testament to how far we 've come technologically . 
  you 're a lego . 
  same !, 
  we 're as rare as unicorns !, 
  while it is very easy on the eyes it 's apparently a fairly unstable design at speed so it might not make much sense . 
  right , like i said i 'm not sure what the rules are for selling us ship designs to foreign nations . 
  i just like the idea that with our massive ship building abilities and military tech we could be able to help out our neighbors to the north if they approached us . 
  for the us though . 
  we 'd probably build more if someone else was buying . 
  / r/raleigh represent !, 
  it 's not really a carriers job to worry about defense directly . 
  that 's what the 30 ships in its carrier group are for . 
  i 'd be surprised if one of the new gerald r ford class super carriers did n't get an enterprise . 
  r&d for the zumwalt program was $ 9.6 billion . 
  unfortunately we 're only building 3 . 
  we originally planned to build 32 :( . 
  you could n't just buy some littorals or zumwalts from the us ? 
  not sure what the rules are for selling ships . 
  the zumwalt does the same . 
  i think it helps regarding stealth profile . 
  littoral class ships are gorgeous . 
  zummwalt is really bad ass too . 
  and the new generation of carries are also really high tech looking compared to the nimitz . 
  if ukraine went to war with russia i really doubt there would be western support outside of some token arms and money . 
  no one wants to risk ww3 over a non nato member . 
  sure , but that 's like , lifetime of the country . 
  the wall and our southern border security has changed a lot in the last decade . 
  it 's more about cost and logistics . 
  covering that border entirely would be extremely expensive . 
  we rely a lot on natural barries such as mountains and desert to help cover a significant length of border but if people want to get in there 's little we can do about it without spending billions . 
  i think you vastly overestimate how many people get through the mexico border . 
  iirc it 's about 600k a year . 
  estonia . 
  i probably know the least about it and i 've heard good things . 
  oh i agree , in terms of wealth and quality of living they 're at the top . 
  still does n't mean i got ta like em . 
  and monocles . 
  where in the world do you live ? 
  you are an outlier . 
  sealand !, 
  wow , i guess it really helps we have olympic class facilities already due to all our various large scale sports . 
  i would n't call those tiny cheap small range things the `` latest-and-greatest '' . 
  call me when an eagle takes down an rq-170 . 
  i 'm not saying america is n't a great place to live or has n't done great things . 
  i would n't dream about living anywhere else . 
  but there are plenty of people who seem to think america can do no wrong and we deserve the world on a silver platter . 
  oh my god . 
  health insurance and retirement funds are usually covered by whatever company you work for . 
  and credit bills are only as high as you let them be . 
  student loans by themselves make up the very significant majority of young peoples debt . 
  germans are like kittens , got it . 
  canada is a good example . 
  they meet the mix pretty well . 
  pretty much due to the boomer generation being told their entire lives that american is the best . 
  estonia ( 2.04 ) , greece ( 2.46 ) , poland ( 2.18 ) , uk ( 2.07 ) , and usa ( 3.62 ) are the only nato members who meet the 2 % contribution . 
  nail on the head , wow . 
  she 's either crazy or a troll . 
  always best to ignore her . 
  i 'm so glad they kept it rated r. ca n't wait for the sequel . 
  most likely a ny thing :p . pretty quick and easy here in nc . 
  yet it 's still pretty safe . 
  something like 80 % of homicides are via gang violence . 
  so unless you live in chicago , or oakland , or camden you 're pretty safe . 
   12 % of the population dual-wield desert eagles . 
  man , those things are so expensive . 
  it 's cool . 
  i think it makes sense . 
  people do n't hunt as much as they used to so it 's more for personal protection/range fun / `` obama gon na take away guns so got ta buy in now '', 
  the table with all the numbers . 
  has pistols at 3,487,883 and rifles at 3,168,206 . 
  and that was from 2008 which was already showing the gap between pistols and rifles expanding . 
  these guys pretty much are what caused the swat to exist in the form they do today . 
  to take out guys like that in the future . 
  yea there are people that own dozens of guns . 
  a lot of people just end up collecting them . 
  [ nope ] ( http://dailycaller.com/2014/11/04/gun-ownership-by-the-numbers/ ) . 
  its a canadian thing ... 
  i think he gets it from your side . 
  nope , in the states you must be the id owner to use it . 
  otherwise anyone would just make a fake id and say they 're buying for them all the time . 
  but ... id 's have pictures of the owner here .
