could you give me an honest reason why you think its the `` best '' thing the uk has going for it ? 
  the only argument 's i hear in favour of it are generally like nick clegg when he said 3 million jobs would be lost and it turned out to be bullshit . 
  i do n't get this large desire a lot of european federalists want where they can become a superpower and start dictating terms to other countries . 
  the uk does n't need to be part of a superpower and i would n't want it to be . 
  the main benefit i hear is that we wont get bullied by china or that we will be stuck under the us 's influence forever . 
  as it stands the uk has been in the us 's sphere of influence for the past couple of decades and it has n't exactly been bad . 
  to be fair even when nick clegg campaigned for the eu it was negative in tone with him shouting about how britain will lose 3 million jobs etc. 
  neither side is putting a positive spin on it and if your campaigning to stay in something you need more than negativity to try and convince people . 
  you have probably seen some eu promotion , they stick an eu flag on anything funded from the development fund and have specific requirements for the minimum size of the flag . 
  yeah i just make sure i know please , thank you , hello , goodbye , and try with the rest but i will never develop a great understanding for another language i do n't think . 
  i would of liked to shame i did n't listen in french class lol, 
  merkel out on the tooooooon, 
  the big issue is their is no reason to learn a foreign language like their is english . 
  if french was as dominant as english then it would be french people with the issue of never learning any extra languages . 
  as it stands their just is n't an obvious choice for a language that we need to learn . 
  i mean i can go to most countries speak a bit of broken language and the individual im talking to will often just talk to me in english . 
  you just ca n't get the same levels of practice as a lot of people i have met want to speak to me in english as they want to practice it . 
  none of that is multiculturalism its investment , china is doing the same in the uk . 
  when people argue for giving out aid to ee the main reason they come up with is it will pay us back in the long term we get a bigger market to trade with . 
  it is n't we must do it for multiculturalism . 
  a lot of the people getting arrested in the uk were saying i am going to kill you or i am going to rape you . 
  [ `` i will find you and you do n't want to know what i will do when i do , you 're pathetic , kill yourself before i do . 
  '' ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1200521/twitter-trolls-jailed-for-sending-abusive-tweets ) nothing would have happened if they did n't run around making death threats . 
  there is a line between telling something they are a dickhead or they should quit their job because they suck etc which people do n't get arrested for and saying i am going to kill you . 
  there really is n't a very big difference between any nations in the uk , the biggest difference seems to be touted between england and scotland . 
  people act like scots are hugely more left wing than the english and massively more pro-european but apparently that isnt [ so ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/scotland-blog/2015/mar/26/three-things-the-latest-british-social-attitudes-survey-tells-us-about-scotland ) . 
  all in all scotland is a tiny bit more left wing than england but that is about it . 
  in america you have states that support the death penalty and ones that dont . 
  which is a pretty massive difference , i guarantee if england had the death penalty and scotland did n't it would be the number 1 example of why they are both radically different nations . 
  maybe not , no channel and the chances are the british army would be the most well funded and prestigious part of the uk military as a strong navy and small army as was normal would n't make sense any more . 
  it would likely mean a larger uk army able to get to france far quicker . 
  so basically i would be a yeti by the looks of it . 
  to be fair afghans do n't exactly live in a stable country, 
  maybe that is just austrians ? 
  i see english cleaners every day i work , cab drivers are also mainly english . 
  they did get 4 million votes it is n't like they bombed . 
  agree to disagree i guess . 
  the people i have met have all had similar core traits to their personalities that getting on with them was easy . 
  i can get on with an american easier than i can with most europeans as our popular culture is so entwined , when it comes to social issues though i would probably get on with a european better . 
  then again , we have probably interacted with different groups of people . 
  i found the chinese while a bit rude generally pleasant and just as easy to get on with as anyone i have met from eastern europe . 
  same with people from thailand , they have all been easy to get along with . 
  however , on the other hand you have probably met and experienced more people from varied walks of life than i by the sounds of it . 
  different views shaped by different life experiences i suppose , cant say i have interacted at all with anyone from sub-saharan africa so i cant really comment on them . 
  but do you honestly get along with someone from for example bulgaria easier than with someone from the us ? 
  their cultural influence is so strong in the uk that i am sure i could find a million things to talk about easily , i also know a hell of a lot about their politics and even their domestic issues . 
  i cant say the same for any other european country really . 
  the fact that they will speak english will also always make it easier for me to get on with them . 
  last point i did n't mean to call you stupid if it came across that way i apologise . 
  i meant i find the idea that because you can live comfortably in one country it means we have a european civilisation which was the original point a bit silly . 
  which i thought you were basically saying . 
  look at how the uk and eastern europe look at refugees compared to germany , sweden and austria . 
  fairly large difference , the acceptability to use the military to invade other countries . 
  ireland is pacifist as is sweden , germany basically and a large group of other euro countries . 
  the uk and france are more than willing to invade other countries . 
  then you have lgbt rights in eastern europe compared to the western side of the continent . 
  strikes like what happens in france regularly and get concessions from the government would pretty much ostracise the entire british public if they pulled the same stunts . 
  drinking culture of the uk compared to italy is another one . 
  general attitudes towards people who are n't white , eastern europeans are pretty damn racist in this regard . 
  zwarte piete what you do in your country would create a media frenzy denouncing it for being massively racist and most people would probably silently nod and agree . 
  religiosity is pretty damn different in multiple countries , germany has a bloody church tax which is pretty damn backwards and would go down as well as trying to elect satan to be prime minister of the uk . 
  your own countries views on drugs compared to the uk and prostitution . 
  abortion rights . 
  the list goes on , while we share some things add them all together and the countries are pretty damn different . 
  yes i can go live in spain or poland and get on ok . 
  but i also went and lived in china and got on rather well , i have no doubt i could move to brazil and live fine or thailand . 
  claiming that we are all part of a european civilisation and so very similar because you can move to another country and comfortably live there is stupid . 
  if you had ever moved to a country outside of europe you would notice people are pretty similar everywhere it is only after staying with them for a while you start to notice the smaller things that build up and make you go oh that 's a bit of an odd way of doing things , the way they go about that is fairly rude etc. 
  edit : thought you were from the netherlands not luxembourg the points about the netherlands still stand though . 
  what did you expect there is no common european civilisation , you cant just say there is and magically it appears . 
  there are huge differences between countries in europe that people like to forget exist so they can dream about their glorious eu . 
  the kid who died photo flipped our news from saying the immigrants were a swarm to people saying they were all vulnerable women and children . 
  it was a really quick shift , it seems most anti-immigration people kept quiet for a couple of weeks . 
  it is starting to not be so overtly bias now though , sky news had a woman on this morning talking about how when she said that most of the people were men others told her you cant say that . 
  some of the videos have also started showing the refugees throwing stones and being violent now before switching to tear gassed people . 
  last week it probably would of just been images of tear gassed women screaming to be saved . 
  we seem to be returning slowly to our more normal anti everybody else stance . 
  nah they are called french sticks . 
  no such thing as a baguette, 
  nothing to do with racism and everything to do with it being massive , poor and neighbouring the middle east . 
  everything you do n't want, 
  hey we are perfectly dysfunctional thank you . 
  just get the refugees to donate some blood, 
  a photographic database of your face ca n't burn that off, 
  that nearly got me . 
  made me wtf when it had a picture of a battleship and said it was patrolling a pond . 
  the vast majority of brits just want less migrants from everywhere , there is no preference for polish immigrants over indian ones . 
  the prevailing opinion in the country is that people want drastically less immigration . 
  it is why david cameron promised to try and bring it to the 10s of thousands a year where as it is currently at over 300k . 
  now you get some people who pretend that it is only ukip voters and racists who think like this when it is infact the bulk of the [ country ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/uk-public-opinion-toward-immigration-overall-attitudes-and-level-concern#kp3 ) so either 77 % of the country are ukip voters and racist which does n't seem likely considering we are one of the least racist countries in the [ world ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/ ) or these people are sticking their head in the sand and hoping that if they call enough people racist they can cow them into being silent and carry on with their lives thinking they are morally superior to everyone else . 
  and there are about a 2 million people from the eu in the uk so saying that most immigration is non eu is n't exactly true . 
  your just as bad as him . 
  france and the uk are basically military equals . 
  both countries are miles ahead of the next step down in europe . 
  it was actually given forever , just the surrounding area with the water supply was n't so it was unable to function without that area that the chinese were going to get back so everything got handed over . 
  never heard it called daesh before in the british press other than to explain what daesh is if they have quoted someone . 
  normally its just is , isis or isil which everyone knows by now . 
  i used the google graph which appears when you search [ uk gdp per capita ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_cd&amp;idim=country:gbr:usa:fra&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en ) looking at it again we were 10k behind in 2009 not 11 seems i was hovering over the usa 's 2008 figure and the uks 2009 . 
  thought the same then i checked us on google and good god did we get smashed by the financial crisis . 
  went from being at $ 48k and a bit higher than the usa in 2007 to $ 37k and $ 11k behind the usa in 2009 .
