  pretty much everything in the uk is shit bar the financial times which is pretty good . 
  nobody thinks they are abusing the system , 60 percent of brits take more from the system than they put in . 
  you have to earn somewhere between # 35k to # 38k a year to be a net contributor . 
  which most people are nowhere close to earning . 
  a lot of this is probably because many people who are 18-24 have grown up hearing about ied 's soldiers losing eyes , arms , legs or suffering horrible disfigurements . 
  the real aspects of being at war have been on display for the past 16 years and they are n't something that makes you want to join the army . 
  my entire life when i was old enough to know what was happening in the world had the uk at war and talked a lot about roadside bombs and places called death valley . 
  we are supposed to be somalia by now . 
  i 'm not that knowledgeable about the colonial economy . 
  from what i remember africa was a net drain i think it was only india and a couple east indies colonies that were profitable . 
  it means that the eec didnt help britain grow faster , as evident by the fact that frances gdp growth started falling . 
  a lot of that was to do with european countries not being as urbanised as the uk so they had easier growth to unlock . 
  the larger the city the more wealth it tends to generate as well [ `` it appears that larger cities tend to perform disproportionately well . 
  '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/cities/2015/nov/23/cities-in-numbers-how-patterns-of-urban-growth-change-the-world ) [ france ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2009/aug/18/percentage-population-living-cities ) has n't passed the urbanisation level the uk was at in the 1950 's its extremely close however . 
  germany , spain and italy have n't as well . 
  16 % of frances population moved into the cities between 1950 and 1970 . 
  it tends to be that period of time where france was massively outperforming the uk , in the 1970 's france was only 6 % less urbanised than the uk and the growth rates started converging . 
  it was less the uk joined the eec and started then growing at the 5 % + that was common for france in the previous 20 years than it was france started performing to around the same level as the uk . 
  if you have a look at gdp growth around the 1970 's when the uk joined its gdp kept growing as normal , the difference was france didnt . 
  here is frances gdp [ growth ] ( http://www.multpl.com/france-gdp-growth-rate/table/by-year ) ,1965 france was 4.8 % while the uk was 2.8 % , 1972 the uk was 4.2 % france 4.5 % in 1977 5 years later , 1982 france 2.5 % , uk 2.1 % . 
  if the uk was less urbanised it would of probably shown similar growth as france did . 
  notice how the rich ones who would be net contributors dont join . 
  while the poor ones who would get free money want to join . 
  hahaha 400 years ago we settled people in ireland . 
  the guardian is against brexit so publishes everything it can which is anti-brexit and ignores anything that may sound positive . 
  kind of like how the mirror was telling us how the pound was amazingly strong a couple weeks ago when its still pretty shit . 
  i cant think of one fairly unbiased newspaper in the uk . 
  funnily enough the daily mail is the one which switches sides the most , they just seem to go for what ever is scary and makes them money . 
  not saying they are n't shit however . 
  500,000 people live in dublin , realistically how many multinationals moving there do you think it can absorb . 
  i am guessing not many considering they will be moving from a city of roughly 8.5 million in the greater london area . 
  population size will be a factor as london effectively absorbs the best and brightest from across the uk 's 60 million people at the moment , which will feed into the workforce for those multinationals . 
  chances are most will move to france or germany if they do . 
  # 50 billion for 22,000 people seems a bit much . 
  i honestly cant see the roi pumping # 9billion a year into northern ireland in subsidies . 
  not many people would take on that burden voluntarily . 
  it my mini bin i have a problem with now , it just sits there unusable without a carrier bag to line it . 
  you have hit the nail on the head there . 
  even if you do try and speak the local language 90 % of the time the person will just switch and start speaking better english than you can their language . 
  at that point you cant exactly ask them to struggle to have a conversation in their own language either . 
  i have been in kfc etc across asia and the staff behind the till can speak good english it kind of defeats the object of learning another language . 
  where as perpetually voting labour is a great idea . 
  not like they did anything bad at all . 
  really ? 
  the uk is hardly on its knees . 
  my god how insightful . 
  this topic shows why a lot of brits voted to leave . 
  you have people arguing brits are lazy for not working 60 hour weeks , calling the working class scum and saying people are entitled for wanting a factory in their town to try and recruit locally rather than from a 1000 miles away . 
  there is enough hatred inside the uk towards the working class without importing foreigners who think they are scum aswell . 
  yeah it was , you know with us limiting the amount of medicine students we train each [ year ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-34326453 ) and then wondering why there are n't enough doctors . 
  should just train brits then . 
  we are still the second [ largest ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/eu-referendum-result-has-the-french-economy-really-overtaken-the-uk-in-size-since-last-night-a7101361.html ) , nothing has changed . 
  on top of that most people knew what they were voting for maybe one or two thousand did n't but to try and claim over 1 and a half million didnt is ridiculous as some people are saying . 
  on top of that a lot of young people in the uk didnt turn out to vote , yes it was higher than normal but it still implies the bast bulk didnt care either way . 
  they would and they would be idiots as well . 
  i am quite happy living in a democracy , if we start just discounting referendums the majority voted for we may aswell just be a fascist state . 
  52 % voted leave yet you want to overrule there voices completely . 
  they have just admitted to wanting to emulate zimbabwean style politics . 
  no pretty much anyone can sign it , just put in a random post code and use a 10 minute mail and you can sign it . 
  there was a 600,000 person difference in scotland between leave and remain . 
  in the uk atm they make it sound like scotland basically voted for 90 % to stay in . 
  do you honestly think someone who did an apprentice as a electrician is an idiot and if he got a degree doing gold management he is clever . 
  i know three people with golf management studies degrees , and met loads with ridiculous ones at uni . 
  just because you have a degree doesnt make you well educated . 
  there is a fuck ton of useless degrees in the uk i would hazard a guess and say the majority are . 
  never said i am a victim . 
  just that other countries get paid to be in the eu receiving all the benefits while not taking any of the negatives 0.1 percent is still a shit load of money when the economy 's worth 2.5 to 3 trillion, 
  half of the eu are in the same club except they get paid for being in it . 
  you are acting like they arent benefiting without doing anything for it . 
  the 5th largest economy in the world is not worth much ... 
  `` as a cultural identity , englishness is wonderfully potent but not distinctive -- its very success means that it is global property . '', 
  that is a bit ridiculous , because other countries like english culture it is not distinctive and therefore england doesnt have its own culture . 
  the guardian really is a shit paper . 
  more people who lose there jobs get pissed , as i am sure most people would if suddenly the job they have experience in and were happy in no longer exists . 
  the big soaps get a lot of people watching something like 8 million people tune in for coronation street all watching the same channel . 
  that is like 12 % or something silly of our population . 
  then the main channels do tend to sync up advert wise so you probably have something like 20 % of the population putting on the kettle at the adverts for the big shows . 
  well if it is a crime report it to the police and get them arrested and charged then . 
  i look forward to hearing abut it on the news . 
   d interest in basically everything . 
  if i had to choose a next-door neighbor i would take a family from the uk over many it sort of makes sense , brits only go to the uk on business or as cultural tourists . 
  i know people who are your stereotypical drunken brit in europe who have been america and just got slightly drunk but never that much . 
  it is too expensive to go to america for a piss up , so when people do go they are generally nice normal people as most people are . 
  neither is a case of electoral fraud though . 
  the people whining about young people signing up to vote s are idiots . 
  update : we spoke to the electoral commission about this story . 
  a spokeswoman said it was not in their remit to `` regulate campaigner content '' even if it was `` confusing '' . 
  your running a bit far ahead there when the electoral commission has said it was confusing . 
  electoral fraud it isnt . 
  depends immigration laws will probably loosen up , as long as you are skilled you would be fine . 
  they are only as stupid as they are now because of unlimited eu immigration . 
  no they dont , i havent actually heard anyone in the uk on both sides ever mention the empire . 
  it seems to be something only those who dont live in the uk say . 
  id be willing to bet its poverty that causes collectivism , there is no need to look out for your extended family in the uk as the government will . 
  you are unemployed ? 
  government will pay you some money . 
  the governments social safety net removed the need for the safety of an extended family . 
  and if shit really hits the fan then thats what the immediate family is for . 
  change your laws like the uk is trying to then . 
  so the norman conquest led to a 0.47 % increase in the population of the uk .
