  the uk wants lower immigration in total , it does n't really matter where it comes from . 
  plus going from low tens of thousands of poles in the uk to the second largest immigrant community in the country numbering 600,000 + makes them pretty noticeable in a short period of time . 
  africans , you can criticise them but other europeans well that is basically crossing a line in this sub . 
  it hardly racist , when all the other splits are black british or asian british , it isnt like we are saying superior british and inferior british . 
  nah , it was the suez crisis . 
  the u.s basically threatened to economically fuck is back to the stone age if we didnt pull out . 
  we did and did n't bother telling our invasion partners the french we were doing so . 
  hence they distrusted us and the u.s so sort to unite europe . 
  that is literally the same thing apart from one is a nation and the other isnt . 
  well france having nukes and germany being occupied for the better half of a century by french , british and american soldiers while also being split in two and having a hostile million man plus army ready to invade them may have influenced it . 
  they were probably the key reasons why germany did n't go all fourth reich . 
   great britain is tiny in comparison , it is like people do n't understand that the uk is the 5th largest economic power in the world or that even by the middle of the century we are still expected to be comfortably inside the top 10 largest economies . 
  calais is a pretty big clusterfuck and people are dying trying to get into the uk as well as causing property damage and generally causing a lot of issues for lorry drivers . 
  it is a fairly big issue . 
  it actually made me smile to be seen a godless traitor . 
  more we do n't trust most of europe to actually take any action seriously i would have faith in the french but the other countries i would expect to try and do as little as possible . 
  they would attack you to get at the uk quite happily , hence why if you do get invaded the uk would probably come rushing over your border as fast as we could . 
  you would be a good little springboard if they could conquer you without any retaliation . 
  to be fair the uk and france were at the front of whole libya operation and were ready and raring to go at syria if the commons did n't vote against action . 
  cant just blame it all on the us . 
  can tell you now if the uk had to start sending money permanently in larger amounts to over half the eu shit would hit the fan . 
  bit racist . 
  we kind of do n't , it is about a two hour flight difference for me to go to new york rather than moscow . 
  just because they are `` european '' doesnt mean much its just a label , there values are pretty damn disgusting . 
  or the eu could give the money it took from the uk back . 
  not really a stupid law there is no need to carry a knife in public if you have one due to your job you wont get arrested but if you are just randomly walking around with a knife then some things up . 
  those people with machetes and axes definitely need locking up , normal people dont carry deadly weapons and pose with them in public . 
  they should just enforce a mandatory renewal of your license when you hit 65 , the amount of old driver i see who are a danger is pretty damn worrying . 
  well that is a disappointment the eu has spent about # 10 million in my region . 
  they are breaking the law it is illegal to carry a knife in public without a good reason which they clearly didnt have and besides half of them had axes . 
  makes sense that when evidence of a crime is basically handed to the police they will deal with it . 
  the title makes it sound like some crazy orwellian measure when even in the video they clearly state that it is legal to have it in your house but not outside . 
  problem is like i said that wont happen . 
  people are moving for reasons which have nothing to do with culture or laws . 
  they are moving for money which they will receive and due to the large amount of them they can basically make mini countries inside the place they have moved to and get a better standard of living . 
  we have had indians , pakistani 's and bangladeshi 's in the uk for probably 50 years at least now . 
  but when you look at birmingham it is fairly obvious they will never fully integrate as white people and immigrants do n't want to live in neighbourhoods where they are a minority . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_birmingham i mean it shows fairly clearly that the white people avoid the asian areas , even the white irish . 
  the indians and pakistanis are pretty well separated and then the chinese have their own predominant area . 
  it will probably take 200 years for them to fully assimilate if not longer . 
  it means everything its basically the difference between jesus and hitler . 
  i hope that helped explain . 
  that is multiculturalism , poles do it in the uk as do pakistanis , indians and the vast majority of immigrants form their own communities . 
  just have to look at places like birmingham . 
  the fact is people like what they know they arent moving to experience a new culture they are moving to the uk to get more money and a job or moving to cyprus for the weather . 
  the fact that there are enough of them to form their own mini british towns is probably just a bonus . 
  jesus how is the uk so poor compared to ireland i thought they were having loads of problems at the moment . 
  well they arent wrong, 
  a universal language which everyone spoke . 
  if we had that it is likely a lot of the divisions between people would be broken down by merely being able to speak to each other fluently . 
  the last thing we need is a u.s president coming over and praising the tories for what is essentially the worst part of them at the moment . 
  everytime they mention how they are going to make me more secure it is quickly followed by how they are now going to censor this or make it legal to spy on me a bit more . 
  to make sure i stay safe of course . 
   he praised uk prime minister david cameron for his commitment on a `` whole host of security issues '' . 
  how about no . 
  yeah but we 're perfidious albion so we get a free pass , more is expected of poland . 
  i dare say your wrong and that most people are appalled by child molestation . 
  seriously the fact that the information is coming out , the police are going after a lot of people . 
  what makes you think nobody cares . 
  not really it is the tourist equivalent of paying for a hooker . 
  to be fair the greeks do kind of cater to that , if they cracked down a bit we would all move on to spain or bulgaria . 
  nah , everyone in the uk knows we are european . 
  only people from other countries seem to think we do n't know that . 
  they 're basically nationalists of a country that does n't exist and then they moan about nationalists from countries that actually exist . 
  it means the uk still uses miles on its roads and for measurements all the speed limits are in miles per hour to . 
  it hasnt set yet april [ 2432 ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/48/ ) is when it is supposed to . 
  i genuinely think if the uk is still around we will never have a piece of land where the sun is n't always shining . 
  far to polite , if this goes through and we are forced to pay i will vote to leave the eu in a heartbeat was undecided but fuck this . 
  wont effect my vote there seems to be a split between the perception of the eu in the uk and the rest of europe . 
  i have never heard of a brit say the eu stopped wars in europe or that it was one of the many other ideological reasons i have seen people on this sub say . 
  thats always ascribed to nukes and nato . 
  everyone i have met has seen it as a purely economical venture we joined to make money if the majority of people still believe being in the eu makes them richer they are fine with that if not then we would be out relatively fast . 
  i have not seen any sort of emotional investment in the eu by anyone i have met where as some people from other countries credit it for improving their democracy or human rights britain never needed that . 
  hence greece getting bullied and shit talked by the eu wont influence me at all , britain is to large to be bullied in the same manner so its a non issue . 
  it is kind of nice to see the eu show its true colours though recently with the greece crisis and the immigration crisis it is obvious there is next to no solidarity and national interests reign supreme . 
  it is basically those inside the eu say britain will crumble as it is in the eu 's best interests to retain the uk . 
  those outside say the uk would survive well enough because well its fairly obvious that the uk independent of the reu would continue fine just like every country outside of the eu . 
  it is when you have an agenda . 
  everytime any one talks about it they say it destroys nationalism and forges a single european identity . 
  hence the point of it seems to be exactly that, 
  i thought the whole point was to kill the idea of different nationalities and create a single larger european one . 
  i am just waiting for that sweet sweet # 50 all inclusive holiday . 
  at least their press is decent about it , in the uk i will always remember christopher jefferies . 
  because he looked a little bit odd the papers decided he was a rapist murderer and published their articles to reflect that , then it turned out he was innocent but mud sticks and the damage had already been done . 
  i would rather the british press behave similarly . 
  it is european nationalism plain and simple , if greece leaves some people will see it as a personal insult against them and their dream of living in a superpower and being able to dictate terms to other countries . 
  the fact that they believe a country should be punished and its people ruined as much as possible is pathetic . 
  a fair few people in this sub say the same thing that if the uk left the eu that the reu should put up enormous tarrifs and basically stop trading with the uk to try and cause as much destruction of the economy as possible . 
  however , the eu 's politicians are n't the same type of people so it is unlikely any of that will happen . 
  independent england hopefully . 
  would probably be a bit different when you all shared a country and children from the other 23 states had to learn english and england did n't have a mandatory language . 
  it would start to annoy people . 
  the 100,000 immigrants arent equally spread out . 
  the bulk go to a few countries and then inside those countries a few places . 
  that is the problem if you had 1 immigrant per square mile of europe nobody would give a shit . 
  i blame the mongolians if they hadnt attacked the middle east a few centuries ago and fucked it up maybe it would be better of . 
  lets blame them . 
  a federal europe would soon start stamping out the diversity part , diverse countries do n't last . 
  they either tear themselves into pieces or break apart . 
  having a country where the vast majority cant speak to each other would never work , one language would have to be mandatory to be learnt .
