  considering a lot of asylum seekers want to go to the uk i bet they are pissed that they get on a british boat then dropped of in italy and find out they cant get to the uk . 
  england or the uk hmm ... something smells fishy here . 
  i dont care at this point estonia can be martians if they like , the amount of articles in this sub on whether or not estonia is nordic or not is staggering . 
  it is n't even news or anything particularly important , if we start calling them nordic nothing will change yet for some reason it is a massive issue in this sub . 
  this sub seems to have started repeating the same stories every other week but with a tiny twist . 
  it is the same when one person does an interesting photo suddenly every country needs a thread showing an interesting photo its ridiculous . 
  depends if they try pulling a trick like osborne saying he halved how much money we had to pay to the eu by getting part of the rebate early . 
  if they pull a stunt like that it will blow up much larger than the first time . 
  i dont really hear any hate for any nationality tbh , just that to many people are coming over . 
  never any romanians are all criminals type of thing . 
  basically the uk and sweden ? 
  were the only ones to open their borders to the new eastern eu countries straight away france , germany etc kept theirs closed for seven years . 
  so rather than get a small influx of people from eastern europe we got hundreds of thousands coming over . 
  with the case of expecting many and getting a few that was with bulgaria and romania , but in that case we like the rest of western europe didnt let them in until after they had been in the eu for seven years . 
  that pretty much says what happened . 
  they will vote with their feet though , if they are spending # 1,000 on a holiday there are plenty of places they can go and it wont be kos . 
  besides most people these days barely have any sympathy with anyone , i know personally for my entire life whenever i turned on the tv the news told me how someone 's died , been raped , assaulted , killed themselves and their family etc. 
  for international stories it is the same , here is a child in africa nearly dead give us money , here is a warzone give us money then the next month comes around and the same message appears but for a different warzone , or this time its an earthquake . 
  you get bombarded with these messages to the point it becomes another advert rather than a message that actually rouses sympathy for more than the length of the advert . 
  common sense that passing through multiple safe countries to get to the uk implies they are looking to choose a country, 
  europe 's problem to fixing social issues is to generally throw money at the problem and hope it disappears . 
  good luck friend . 
  do n't die , i believe in you . 
  racism from a swede , what is the world coming to !, 
  every songs been shit so far , im voting france the fact i dont know what she was saying made it better than the rest of the rubbish so far . 
  woo go britain this one is worth at least 20 points . 
  take a shot for every point your country gains , should be alright for us in the uk . 
  i am just waiting for the ukraine and russian votes , no 12 points to russia this time . 
  the canadian lion looks depressed , every other lions roaring and shit and then there 's canada lion with what looks like a tear rolling down its cheek . 
  yeah , london 's been bombed , madrid 's been bombed , paris has been attacked . 
  at the end of the day they were a few isolated people but the press coverage those kind of attacks make will have a disproportionately large effect on peoples opinions of islam and not for the better . 
  also in a large part nuclear bombs , without those world war 3 probably would have happened already . 
  not really i do n't want to live in an area where they have to pave over everything to build houses . 
  neither does anyone near where i live , the economy growing because of immigration will not affect me , if it grows by x amount because a person has joined and we now must build a new house hire another doctor , get another teacher etc. 
  it does n't benefit me at all . 
  there isnt more doctors per person of the population , there is just more doctors but more people to . 
  if it was growing due to productivity gains on the other hand i would be all for it , but just mass immigration fuelled growth does n't benefit me , just causes where i live to become more crowded and have shitter services . 
  by the same logic we may as well have open door immigration to the entire planet as the economy will grow really quick then . 
  and your point is ? 
  300,000 people still do cause strain , we still need to build places to let them live , build new schools for their children , hire more doctors to meet demand etc. 
  smells like victory . 
  the people from the cities are coming to the towns , the amount of new housing going up near me is insane , were talking at least over 800 in the past 5 years , and the majority i have met have moved out of the cities . 
  the problem is i have nowhere to flee to , maybe a cave maybe not . 
  ca n't just deport them without knowing where they 're from . 
  if they have passports then you can . 
  let 's face it there are multiple safe countries between the uk and mediterranean coast . 
  anyone coming is n't looking for safety they 're after a job . 
  but do n't want to follow the legal means to get here . 
  makes it easier to deport them . 
  after all most are economic migrants . 
  the vast majority of refugees are in turkey etc, 
  we just need to make it mandatory to have a passport to claim asylum , without you should just be automatically denied . 
  would solve a lot of the problems . 
  the easy bits have been done first , the european military is a thing that will not happen unless britain and france get to basically control it . 
  they are far more willing to put boots on the ground and would make the bulk up of any force . 
  the chances of either country joining a european army and becoming pacifist is ridiculously remote , the chances of ireland agreeing to join a military that might actually be used in invasions and combat is similarly remote . 
  trying to actually break up the larger countries will also be one hell of a task , as a fair share of votes would have the large countries dominating the union . 
  the alternative would be telling them their votes arent worth as much as smaller countries votes . 
  and if we were a federal country that would never stand as it would be undemocratic to the extreme . 
  there are a million issues where countries would suddenly dig in their heels and not move , would ireland raise its corporation tax ? 
  or luxembourg ? 
  or would they be allowed to undercut the rest of the eu continually . 
  how are you going to model social health care systems , britain would go mad if it got told to go to an insurance based model but would be equally annoyed that other now european citizens would be able to use the nhs without paying . 
  the only other option would be to make it so the british nhs excluded the rest of europe which would hardly show an inclusive european citizenry . 
  plus having the vast majority of a european citizenry being unable to talk to each other would be rather detrimental to the idea of a unified country . 
  well that is ridiculous in a country with an average salary of 2-3k , what country do you live in ? 
  i am surprised the gym has any members , if that was in the uk it would be # 2600 a year and damn near nobody would pay that . 
  but just because it is a smaller portion of my income does n't mean it still is n't a fucking lot of money . 
  we would n't be as bad if gym 's were n't so expensive . 
  costs me # 470 a year to join a gym its mental . 
  i always thought it was spanish lol, 
  pretty much all the british press are horrifically biased when it comes to politics within the uk . 
  financial times is alright , but that is mainly as it doesnt talk that much about the politics and more how what they 're doing will impact the economy . 
  ah but no matter where they are from when they speak its in a nice british accent . 
  we will call them british by default . 
  warhammer 40k the game where out of quintillions of people the only people who exist are white and british except for that one black primarch . 
  well you can hardly expect 25 year olds to be in the highest income bracket now can you . 
  its a bit of a silly statistic , it is self explanatory that younger people with less time in their jobs will be lower down the income bracket . 
  if they are putting ground troops in place they may aswell just carve out a big chunk of the country and call it refugee land where people can go . 
  it is one thing to bomb boats in libya and another to start putting soldiers their . 
  and they say britain is a part of europe , seems the rest of the world agrees on this one . 
  we are special snowflakes after all . 
  the north east is doing well , wonder why . 
  collapse is damn near imminent hence why it 's being butchered as is . 
  an extra 70k people a year would ruin it, 
  i would have no problem with taking that many immigrants as let 's face it if they are in the uk they are n't asylum seekers in as long as we dismantle the nhs , and the whole social safety net . 
  as if we start letting in an extra 70000 uneducated individuals who will be a burden the nhs will die as will the social safety net . 
  however i prefer to have the nhs and social safety , so these guys can all find somewhere else to live , glad the uk has an opt out . 
  i really dont get why a ukrainian would ever be a nazi considering what hitler thought of them all . 
  she is supporting an ideology that wanted to exterminate her it is crazy . 
  * you wot m8 ? 
  * hmm how interesting . 
  say wot ? 
  you ruined me rant ya bell end . 
  wot am i sposed to do now . 
  wait what do you mean were part of europe ?!, 
  / s everyone realises we are part of europe apart from idiots , i dont know why people keep saying the dumbest shit about the uk for why they dont want to be in the eu . 
  the amount of times i have heard its because they do n't realise they dont have an empire anymore , or they are islanders who do n't realise they are in europe is ridiculous . 
  everyone realises we are n't an empire its pretty hard not to notice and considering geography is a required subject we all realise that the uk is on the eurasian tectonic plate . 
  the simple fact is british people do n't really distrust their political institutions that much and do n't trust the european institutions at all .
