  and that is exactly why they wont even bother to try and force us , sure they 'll ask but if we say no they 'll bitch and leave it at that . 
  you cant threaten a net contributor really , all the power is in the uk 's hands with this one . 
   like us superior anglophonics . 
   i think his nationalism which becomes obvious by his use of '' ~ ~ frence ~ ~ anglophonics '' as a slur is fucking pathetic . 
  really ? 
  he literally called out someones bullshit that the uk isnt helping at calais and provided proof and your response is sarcasm directed against the one providing proof , no need to irrationally hate people from the uk . 
  going by that then you have no ability to comment on what is happening on other european countries unless you live their . 
  an american has the same access to the news that someone from europe * has so can come to the same conclusions or different ones . 
  are you saying his [ doesnt ?!, 
  ] ( http://www.dbtechno.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/donald-trump-toupee.jpg ), 
  the scottish voted to stay in the uk . 
  it is hardly us controlling them , when you opt to buy something from a shopkeeper is he controlling you as well ? 
  dumbass . 
  the uk has a housing shortage to the tune of a couple 100,000 , yet we have taken in a million plus people from eastern europe . 
  uk social housing has lists where people have to wait for 10 + years . 
  we have dealt with it you just have to expect less , smaller houses and such as well as no chance of owning a home and pay more for that privilege . 
  compared to some of these countries people are coming from your rich as hell . 
  yeah but that is probably because the muslim population of the uk is massively increasing at the moment . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/11/muslim-population-england-wales-nearly-doubles-10-years it has doubled in 10 years so chances are the amount of cases will go up but it will never get near a million . 
  apparently they are trying to phase out the term refugee now as it is discriminatory or something like that . 
  of course i would the police will be actively combating this type of thing or do you honestly believe we will soon have millions of women living in slave like conditions in the uk within the next 10-15 years . 
  the 100,000 women are the ones the uk police dont know about . 
  if it was hovering at around 1000 with the police trying to stop it i would believe it would stay around that level . 
  not really , it is pretty clear that if the police hear of any abuses or illegalities they will prosecute . 
  the uk isnt turning a blind eye the police are just likely unaware of this happening . 
  we cant follow everyone around to make sure they are following the laws . 
  people seem to think britain is far more racist than it is , when in fact a lot of other countries are pretty damn openly racist in comparison . 
  there is a difference between wanting to slow immigration into your country and being out and out bigoted such as saying you will only accept christians into your country . 
  the ones we do have are empty , every time i have been on one it is an enormous road with barely anyone on it . 
  superpowers didnt exist then . 
  if russia was a superpower then so was france , britain , germany , us etc. 
  they were just a great power like the rest , superpowers are a cut above the rest like how the u.s can utterly dominate anyone it looks at if it wants at the moment . 
  nobody back then had that kind of power . 
  if the us wanted they could take on france , germany and the uk by themselves and win . 
  and that has so much to do with this topic . 
  there are literally new topics on immigration in this sub reddit everyday no need to drag them into unrelated ones aswell, 
  they are on your soil , unless you want us to annex calais and start policing it ourselves we dont have many options . 
  where as you have the freedom to increase the police presence among many others . 
  the alternative was just as shit , constant spamming of how is `` bear '' spelled in europe . 
  trees in romania , then people tag on to the karma whore train and you get 27 threads of trees in my poland and it eventually started to turn into something resembling a six year olds learning resource . 
  while there are a few racist comments at least now there is some debate . 
  who the hell owns a bloody battleship , thats awesome would love to see that sailing around . 
  literally any reason someone can think of i got bullied at one point for being too white . 
  others got bullied for the sound of their voice , that they once said a silly comment . 
  being fat , geeky , for their name , clothes , athletic ability ( being too sporty or not being sporty enough , people who played rugby got bullied for being part of that team ) how they walked , their hair colour , the size of their head , the shape of their head . 
  for having asthma or a heart condition , someone even got bullied for the size of their nipples . 
  kids will always find something to target and if it is a popular kid who chose the target the others join in to be cool . 
  any racist bullying however for example picking one someone for being brown or being desended for immigrants would result in you being immediately expelled . 
  so i never saw any of that . 
   instead they throw around with more money for `` prevention '' ehhh , okay they will be bullied by other kids in school . 
  this hasnt been on the news at all , i only know about it because of reddit . 
  news channels are way more concerned with isis and paedophiles along with the immigrant crisis at calais at the moment . 
  the british tv news is basically murder , death , rape , peado , high powered peado , missing kid , immigrants and then it cycles back around to the start . 
  if they kill someone they 'll get some coverage otherwise nobody will really know . 
  no he didnt refer to homophobic people at any point he said straight people talking about their relationships and kissing are degenerate and disgusting . 
  you have to agree to be able to label someone as degenerate you have to know them pretty well , you cant walk down a street and go well hes degenerate . 
  hence my points . 
  you literally said that straight people are degenerate and disgusting . 
  you can only make judgements like those if you know the people so i 'm guessing they are your friends . 
  hence get new ones , i 'm straight early 20s and would be hard pressed to say i have ever met someone i could describe as disgusting and degenerate . 
  yeah some people are a bit crude but again i have never had any of my friends get their dick out and wave it around either, 
  get better friends . 
  i have literally never been in an environment anything like you describe and am guessing you are exaggerating or genuinely have a shit social circle, 
  they are going to have such a shock when they realise yarls wood exists which is likely where the bulk will end up . 
  problem is immigration is probably one of the biggest issues in the news at the moment so nobody is going to forget about it . 
  yeah she does three twelve hour shifts a week and gets the other 4 days off . 
  nurses work 36 hours a week , well at least my friend who is one does anyway and everyone she works with . 
  the uk is pretty good at health safety by itself . 
  in regards to working hours well most places do n't actually want you to work 48 + hours a week . 
  in a lot of instances the laws brought in by the eu are n't needed as we already have high standards in those areas anyway . 
  i had to sign an opt out at my current job but i have never gone over 48 hours anyway . 
  would love to see a cashiers face when i tried to buy a freddo worth 20p with a # 100 million bank note . 
  the queen is lizard who controls humanity . 
  some people actually believe that , its fairly brilliant . 
   cyclists in paris no longer have to stop at every red traffic light ... 
  the aim is to make the city 's roads much safer . 
  it is genius make them go through red lights get hit by cars and in 6 months nobody will ride a bike . 
  yeah they did but i was going with the idea of them not using them in an invasion . 
  where as the uk would as it would be a battle of survival for the uk whereas it wasnt for the ussr . 
  seeming as though the only time nukes were used were by the u.s and since then it has pretty much become a weapon that would only be used in defence . 
  but who knows maybe he would of used them , in which case we would obviously have been crushed . 
  he equates your barbarity with that of the nazis . 
  i dont know the national average in the uk is what # 26k a year ? 
  so earning 4 times that amount i would say would class you as pretty rich . 
  earning # 50k is a lot of money # 100k is a hell of a lot . 
  not really , nobody likes someone from another country telling them they are doing something wrong even if they are . 
  oh yeah definitely we would of been broke and without the marshall plan life would have been much harder . 
  we just win most things by default due to the channel being a pain in the ass for any invader and making it not worth the effort, 
  i have no doubt given 10 or 15 years time he could of done it but the uk developed its own atom bomb in 1952 . 
  so he had 7 years to build a navy train them to a high standard while like you said having to stretch his army pretty thin to occupy europe . 
  at the same time the uk 's beaches would of became even more of a fortress than they were , the uk also had 3 million soldiers at the end of ww2 so stalin would likely have to send that many or more soldiers over to try and conquer the uk . 
  i genuinely doubt he could of invaded the uk before we got working nukes and it became impossible . 
  tanks cant drive over the channel . 
  and if he tried to get a million man army to swim it would be a slaughter , there was a reason why the uk 's army was always so weak and that was because its navy was always so strong . 
  yeah , churchill definitely should of started world war 3 re-armed the nazis and then lost all of europe to the ussr as they were stronger to try and get to poland . 
  ah new zealands only around the corner , not like it is nearly the furthest place away you can go from the uk . 
  to be fair the uk could issue a passport saying we owned ireland and i would likely not even notice , the only pages i have bothered to look at on my passport is the one with my visa , or the id page . 
  besides if the russian government issued that passport he can hardly go back and tell them they are wrong and to re-issue them one with the correct geographic boundaries . 
  it is more they will hit a point where their economy starts growing 2 % like the wests but the only difference is western europe will be 20 years ahead at this point down the road when they reach it . 
  they will still be rich but the chances are western european economies will stay more advanced .
