  i take it your not a big fan of democracy as it lets people air their opinions which arent yours . 
  i would hardly say europe holds those ideals dear , we like to say we do and then instead do the opposite . 
  we want immigrants because our populations are ageing not because we value openness if tomorrow birth rates in every eu country for natives went up to 4 per family . 
  the eu would rapidly becomes less open as there would be no use for the immigrants . 
  we need to do whatever the hell we did to christianity to islam where it becomes just a quaint old thing where most people dont really care about what the churches say and follow their own interpretations . 
  is n't it because immigration from outside the eu is pretty much all highly skilled people , whereas inside the eu we get unskilled immigrants who are n't exactly needed . 
  then you should hardly be scared of ukip , they are not going to get anywhere near enough votes to do anything they want . 
  all they have done is pushed the conservatives to the right on immigration . 
  god germany ballsed up badly . 
  that is really impressive , shame the uk does n't do something similar . 
  belarus leading the way in europe , that was unexpected . 
  western europe gets it , we just also realise a lot of the rhetoric eastern europe throws around is reliant on western europe to take an economic hit . 
  or to put their military close to the russian border so if a war breaks out those soldiers die and draw in the rest of the country . 
  yeah they may but a lot of what was lost was low skilled the high skilled stuff would n't be affected to much . 
  the car industry though would probably be gutted . 
  agriculturally i know the milk farmers are getting squeezed by the supermarkets to the point where i had the local farmer come down my street trying to sell to us direct as the supermarkets were asking for such low prices . 
  i am all for leaving the eu as it half asses to much , if they came out and said they wanted a federal eu and spelt out how that would be achieved id probably be for it . 
  but as it is i can see it slowly evolving into a giant clusterfuck which will take decades to sort out . 
  britain actually has a fairly solid manufacturing sector , a lot of its high tech to which does n't get outsourced . 
  two of the top ten largest pharmaceutical companies are in the uk . 
  britain has the worlds fifth largest electronics industry and is home to 40 % of europe 's semiconductor [ design houses ] ( http://www.themanufacturer.com/uk-manufacturing-statistics/ ) a lot of high tech manufacturing and research and development goes on in the uk . 
  we are also the third largest car manufacturer in the eu making roughly 1.6 million cars in 2013 and france 1.75 million . 
  are you being serious ? 
  does abu hamza actually help mi5 ? 
  i always wondered why he was n't locked up for life as their always seemed to be loads of indication he was involved with terrorism so im sure if mi5 looked they would of found stuff . 
  that would actually explain a lot about him . 
  most people in the uk just dont see the eu as a peace project , it is seen as a free trade area that just so happens to require free movement which makes a lot of people wonder if its worth it . 
  britain has always been alright on human rights never the best but never the worst , if we were n't in the eu we would n't be terrible in that regards . 
  same with many aspects that a lot of people like about the eu . 
  the uk was already doing it or it was n't a problem for us , and we were always far far away from being terrible in those regards . 
  when it comes in regards to tolerance something like 1 in 10 people are married to another race , the uk was already extremely tolerant and is a pretty equal society ( however , that ones going a bit wrong atm ) . 
  the brand attachment is basically broken if something of good value and cheaper comes along . 
  just got to look at aldi in the uk which has basically single handedly fucked over the big four supermarkets as they have all been forced to slash their prices to compete . 
  i waited a week actually for oil prices to fall and it screwed me over . 
  petrol got to 105p a litre , next week it was at 108p and i realised i had made a huge mistake . 
  and for your support you can join the free movement area :d, 
  i had to actually zoom in to find that , got to wonder why that part of the uk is so good when the next yellow bit is in the south of france . 
  i had to actually zoom in to find that , got to wonder why that part of the uk is so good when the next yellow bit is in the south of france . 
  really an illuminati pyramid and putin on a bear shooting lasers ? 
  no way anyone is going to take that seriously . 
  keeping an eye on 500 jihadis would be ridiculously expensive it has cost millions to watch assange and he cant move . 
  fuck them they wanted to join an obviously violent and psychotic group , they should n't get leniency because it turns out its not that fun cutting someones head off . 
  i know what the issue is but i do n't think any party is going to sort out the issue with how scotlands funded so it is still going to cause issues between scotland and england . 
  why ? 
  they 're not going to be even the third largest party , and the main reason people are voting for them is to leave europe and reduce immigration . 
  and on the immigration front 3/4 of brits want it reduced anyway . 
  they are n't going to have much of an effect on anything . 
  it is n't like the snp who are expected to get pretty much every seat in scotland . 
  the fact they are ready to vote on english laws will easily be twisted and cause resentment between england and scotland . 
  chances are this could cause the breakup of the uk . 
  the uk military is competent enough to defend the country so im fine with things as they are . 
  an eu army would have the vast majority of everything based in france , uk and germany . 
  it would be like the esa with whatever % of money you put in ends up with that % of work being given to your country . 
  an eu military would likely also have every member state being able to veto any action . 
  there is to large a difference between the foreign policies of france and ireland for their to be a united army . 
  its british historians saying there is no such thing as a european identity . 
  but carry on anyway . 
  you can get jailed and arrested for being called racist along with losing your job and in this day and age posted on social media which can then make national news with a caption on a picture talking about a racist comment that half the time is n't even verified before its posted . 
  the whole thing is kind of terrifying due to how most people assume you are guilty until you prove you 're innocent and even then you 're probably a closet racist anyway . 
  debating whether to intervene for a few years while hoping the crisis is solved by the time the debate ends . 
  well ukip has a solid base of four million who will turn out to vote . 
  the remain side has nothing like that on its side , that will probably have a fairly large impact as you can bet over 90 % of them will go and vote . 
  we do n't have the capability to throw a world stabilising tantrum without the usa helping and we have changed and are all the time for god sake . 
  you have belgiums soldiers on the streets for months at a time we are losing civil liberties left right and centre . 
  france similarly has declared martial law and somehow you think our countries are n't changing and the attacks are doing nothing . 
  you need to stop burying your head in the sand . 
  the main thing i have taken from this thread is continentals need to start coming on lads holidays with brits , they are actually amazingly fun . 
  you can cause harm through words , constantly sending someone death threats will take a toll on them . 
  there is a reason that emotional abuse is considered a crime now in the uk , just because it does n't leave a physical mark does n't mean it is harmless . 
  so much disappointment reading the uk 's most common name i dont know why i expected a different meaning . 
  smith . 
  scroll down for meaning ... smith it is always so anti-climatic . 
  a nazi germany that has conquered russia , had france under its thumb and likely a very friendly and scared uk allied to it would not be in americas interest . 
  bear in mind at this point in time the uk and france controlled a vast chunk of the [ planet ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:british_and_french_empires_1920.png ) . 
  add in russian territories and most of eastern europe and germany would be a threat to pretty much every country on the planet . 
  to be fair though if we leave whitby beach is going to go to shit again and we are going to lose all our holiday entitlement overnight because clearly people in the uk do not care about either of these things and only the benevolent eu does . 
  you can still earn a decent wage in manchester , leeds etc and the house prices are much cheaper . 
  london is n't very attractive to anyone i know as none of us could ever afford to live there or if we did we would have to commute from very far away . 
  murdoch wants us to stay in the eu, 
  all cultures are n't equal . 
  europe 's cultures are pretty good . 
  the rest of the world is kind of shit . 
  wanting to keep your liberal western culture intact is just a good idea . 
  it has only kicked of really in the past few days . 
  a week ago it came up and most people just did n't care at all , the amount of undecided voters do n't seem to be undecided so much as not arsed . 
  i only know two people who are actually going to vote . 
  we really could do with american style free speech , it has its problems but you dont get bullshit like being arrested for that . 
  the uk wants less immigration but cant stop eu immigration something was always going to give and it has turned out to be anyone outside of the eu . 
  it is to be expected really . 
  people will vote on easy things they can think about for 1 minute that make sense to their world view . 
  only a tiny minority of people care about looking up the eu chapters you mentioned 99 % probably dont know they exist . 
  the way ukip have done the video it they will probably get their desired effect of swinging people to wanting to leave . 
  people in the uk are pretty overwhelmingly against immigration and most will have just heard 15 millions turks will come to the uk . 
  there is a housing crisis , schools are over subscribed , the nhs is imploding . 
  but i bet that is n't enough to put on the brake for some reason . 
  people whose fees tripled pay less than me back on their installments . 
  i went when it was 3k it is n't as bad as its made out to be the loan gets wiped when your 44 iirc, 
  it 's all about that new zealand lamb that 's cheaper then british lamb . 
  [ in mid-2013 the population density of england was 413 people per sq km ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/guide-method/compendiums/compendium-of-uk-statistics/population-and-migration/index.html ), 
  england , notice how scotland and wales are n't to bad but england is pretty much red .
