  england has been the most densely populated country for a while now . 
  syria was highly educated by middle eastern standards , not european ones . 
  well i guess that is what happens when your the most densely populated country in europe . 
  there are definitely hate speech laws in the uk , our government is trying to get back doors to everything that is encrypted and if they can get away with it they will go for much more far reaching laws . 
  if the uk gets hit by another terror attack we will once again lose more civil liberties in the name of security . 
  the biggest damage terrorists do to the uk is n't the people they kill its the excuses they give for our government to crack down on free speech . 
  `` for too long , we have been a passively tolerant society , saying to our citizens : as long as you obey the law , we will leave you alone . 
  it 's often meant we have stood neutral between different values . 
  and that 's helped foster a narrative of extremism and grievance . 
  this government will conclusively turn the page on this failed approach . '', 
  - david cameron this is n't accounting for all the illegal shit my government is probably up to , the french government is still in a state of national emergency months later for no apparent reason . 
  give it 15 years , it is surprising how quickly seemingly awful things become accepted as normal . 
  as long as they come in lots of little steps people tend to not realise how bad it has got . 
  they should get locked up for human trafficking . 
  what a lovely map of segregation , you literally have ethnic groups clumping together with certain areas being dominant in them and barely any of them being anywhere else . 
  oh we would n't but it is still pretty bad that if ireland got attacked we would be obligated to help them and go to war . 
  whereas if we were attacked ireland would sit there and say they were neutral . 
  in treaties like this i believe they should always have some form of reciprocation . 
  i hope that is two way so if ireland gets attacked nobody is obligated to help them, 
  it should n't be our responsibility to maintain a large military to defend other countries . 
  if the other countries matched our spending by % i wouldnt mind as much but they wont . 
  the only reliable way to stop it would be either old school imperialism where we conquer them and force them to stay there or propping up dictatorships who do that for us . 
  nation building does n't work if the people themselves are n't invested in it and considering how skeptical the middle east is of the west it will never work . 
  what a joke , she is a far larger problem than trump will ever be to britain . 
  the fact that she is an mp and appears to be against free speech is pathetic . 
  the uk needs a constitution just so we can entrench free speech in it . 
  well there is 4 million people who voted ukip who are effectively a single issue party so you can guarantee they will have a high voter turnout for the referendum . 
  i think the uk will leave because the outs will be more likely to vote than those who want to stay in . 
  honestly i think they should megathread those type of posts . 
  it isnt like it is a different perspective or something getting updated . 
  they should just put all 27 maps on one thread so the first page of / r/europe does n't look like a 5 year olds learning guide . 
  you do know the uk is one of the most homogeneous countries on the planet right ? 
  we are still 87 % white british , there are a huge amount of countries more diverse than [ us ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/files/2013/07/ft_diversity_map.png ), 
  they do good articles on a few things but on most they are hugely biased in favour of the left wing option . 
  the old bury your head in the sand approach . 
  this plan always works out well . 
  basically stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/jan/28/british-dream-europe-african-citizens ) and half the dutch somalian community moving to the uk . 
  thank god common sense it is so rare to see it these days . 
  you can google it to get a pretty good [ map ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_cd&amp;idim=country:gbr:rus:fra&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=m&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=s&amp;met_s=ny_gdp_pcap_cd&amp;scale_s=lin&amp;ind_s=false&amp;idim=country:gbr:rus:fra&amp;ifdim=country:region:ecs&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) with european countries on it . 
  does n't work france tried it and it has failed , britain has tried multiculturalism and it has failed . 
  the problem is these people didnt come here because they were interested in german culture and history . 
  they came because their country was bombed , more than likely they prefer their own culture over germany 's so wont want to integrate and assimilate and considering germany ca n't force them then they wont . 
  they are in germany in large enough numbers to not need to as well now and dont need to work as they will be taken care off . 
  the people coming want the money not the society . 
  pretty much people had been dying crossing the med for ages and the uk was taking in a trickle of refugees from syria . 
  one dead kid showed up on a beach and now we are taking in 20k to show that we are doing something . 
  knee-jerk reactions are all the rage these days . 
  no maybe if their gdp per capita reached a level similar to france or germany , until then no . 
  maybe if you compared 20-30 year old brits to 20-30 year old poles you would have an argument . 
  but comparing 0-100 year old brits to primarily 20-30 year old poles is pointless , of course people taking their pensions will be a drain , so will those who are disabled . 
  the difference is polands disabled are still in poland so it skews the statistic hugely . 
  if they turn to terrorists because they dont get asylum , they are the kind of people you want to be rejecting in the first place . 
  the normal persons reaction to that would n't be to go run around syria murdering people . 
  yeah i think i read that the actual amount differs a lot especially if you have kids , if you do n't then the amount required for your to a positive contributor was quite a bit lower . 
  but i guess they have to draw a line somewhere , i do know they started stopping giving extra benefits to people with more than two kids dont know if they ever went through with that though . 
  if they did it might make the figure a bit more average though as two person and twelve person families would get the same amount of child benefits . 
  doubt it , it looks fairly high now if they started pushing it further up people would probably think they were being unfair . 
  most people dont realise they are net takers from the state , i did n't realise how many were to be honest until i had a look and saw over 50 % of brits were it is quite mad how large a percentage that is . 
  they will most likely set it there and then just leave it alone . 
  [ the point at which a household switches from being an overall `` taker '' to a `` giver '' is where disposable income , after all taxes and benefits are taken into account , passes a threshold of about # 27,000 , smith & williamson found . 
  this would be where a household 's gross income fell somewhere between # 35,000 and # 38,000 . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/tax/10638283/how-much-we-give-the-state-in-tax-and-how-much-we-get-back.html ) makes sense if you look at it in the context of people below # 35k a year tend to be net takers from the state so are only a burden to take on . 
  yeah we have a housing shortage over here as well , tends to be worse the further south you go however . 
  i dont think i could survive -20 c it 7c at night where i am and i think it is far to cold at the moment . 
  you must have to have the heating on in your house 24/7, 
  it will be dealt with by a judge in the uk , on a whole british judges tend to be really good and impartial . 
  they act against the government enough in the uk so they wont exactly be bias against russia just because the uk is sanctioning them . 
  literally straight after ww2 france and britain went and got involved in wars all around the world . 
  at the same time the western half of europe and the eastern half of europe were gearing up for a massive war that was only stopped by nuclear weapons . 
  on top of that germany could n't do much as it was occupied by 4 different countries at the end of the war then split into two for the next few decades . 
  then you had portugal involved in colonial wars as well . 
  most european countries were at war just with their colonies , while back home we were preparing for what was effectively armageddon . 
  the eu didnt stop wars in europe the ussr having a million soldiers on the border was what united western europe . 
  unsurprisingly a country containing millions of people can do more than one thing . 
  it would also be a lot easier to negotiate a deal as you arent dealing with 20 or 30 million on one ~ ~ said ~ ~ side and 500 million on the other . 
  say the words take the downvotes , it is your destiny . 
  lets see what we have is lots of hyperbole , but the best is that the average british life expectancy is going to fall to below 67 . 
  the shocking thing is actually read the article . 
  brain like a siv at times, 
   in europe , mass migration has brought matters to a head . 
  unilateral actions , such as the decision this summer by hungarian prime minister viktor orban to erect a border fence , have raised the pressure on other european countries and challenged the european union . 
  i like how there is no mention of merkel whose unilateral action had far bigger consequences . 
  do you honestly think 90 % of the human population do not prise good education , healthcare , having a state pension . 
  owning a car a house and living peacefully with a family and friends . 
  they are basic things pretty much every human wants , i havent actually met anyone who would say i prefer bad education , bad healthcare no pensions . 
  honestly a solely western european union would probably be looked on very differently to the current eu . 
  you just described 90 % of the human population . 
   all nations equally ( with small deviations ) prise good education , healthcare , state pension , man and woman equality , owning car and house , peaceful life with friends and family the only arguable point would be that some people dont want male and female equality but then again more countries are moving towards that goal than away from it . 
  even saudi arabia is moving slowly towards giving women more rights even if it is glacially slow . 
  going of that the whole world is basically the same with no differences . 
  most brexit supporters want less immigration as the be all and end all . 
  they are n't complaining about tarriffs etc they are compalining about immigration . 
  they dont need a lot of knowledge they want the numbers to come down . 
  its probably less exams and more coursework that has done it . 
  i found that most guys tended to prefer exams as they could cram 2 weeks before study their ass off and do well . 
  where as with coursework a lot of people left it late and then could n't produce the sheer amount of work required to do well . 
  i know i tended to get 1 grade above on exams than i would get on coursework . 
  on the other hand the girls i knew tended to better plan out their coursework so tended to prefer it to exams . 
  pretty sure xbox live fucked a lot of guys up as well the amount of time i spent on that rather than doing homework was insane . 
  i would probably be able to debate steven hawking on quantum mechanics if i spent the same amount of time studying as i did trying to perfect my throwing knife ability on cod .
