  so buy first grade food then , can you show me where the eu states that slovakia must buy the food that western countries dont want and can not compete to buy the same food ? 
  your quoting something i never said and arguing something i never said . 
  i dont know why you are explaining it either . 
  saying that the eu needs estonia is a joke . 
  if you had african levels of poverty and by the sounds of it ee had african levels of corruption . 
  the west could of just abused it 's power like it does in africa and got everything it wanted . 
  the eu is fairly heavily in eastern europe 's favour you get everything a comparable western country gets and more . 
  you get paid to be in the union western countries do n't , you gain protection from russian fuckery while the west gains liabilities to defend plus all the other benefits that westerners ca n't get in comparison, 
  cameron will get some token gesture and spin it as a major victory and then everyone will vote to stay in . 
  then the year after when nothings changed people will start complaining and angling for a referendum again . 
  different situations me and all my friends are employed , i was the one who went without work the longest for 4 months . 
  everyone i know is on permanent contracts as well . 
  honestly most people near me seem to be finding jobs easy enough to get on permanent contracts . 
  the anti-fascists in the uk always seem to do things that sound very fascist . 
  im fairly sure the majority of the uk agrees multiculturalism was a [ failure ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moudqnho-ss ) . 
  i have n't ever heard anyone make a good case for why multicultural britain is better than monoculture britain other than i like to have a kebab on a night out . 
  you have to remember people will speak out more on the internet as they are less scared of being called racist . 
  in real life being called racist is one of the worst things that can happen , it is probably one of the most effective ways to shut someone down if you dont agree with them . 
  the english language . 
  all blockbusters are recorded in my native language , you dont have to bother learning a second language as everyone else has learnt your first . 
  there are so many advantages and perks it is insane . 
  biggest is that the main part of the internet is all in english . 
  now oil has crashed im guessing if they had a revote the numbers would probably be larger in favor of staying than leaving . 
  pretty sure they are supposed to do both . 
  the police in the uk often help people who are n't breaking laws simply because they need help . 
  your feeling sorry for yourself . 
  compared to western europe you are poor , when people talk about the uk leaving the eu they act as if the apocalypse will happen and that the best parts of the uk are due to the eu while the worst are due to the uk . 
  people say there is nothing outside of london about the uk . 
  the uk is also complained at for being a bunch of whiners who only want opt outs . 
  we are also massively racist little englanders . 
  pretty much everything you have said has been said about the uk in one way or another . 
  there would be one less terrorist who attacked france and now they are currently searching around belgium . 
  if france had borders they would of been safer . 
  honestly its the emotional bollocks that is the problem with europe . 
  if your trying to build a new nation state you cant be using emotions to drive your actions it needs to be pragmatic . 
  cuba would be the king , then you have vietnam , iran quite a lot tbh, 
  they always find fantastically horrible pictures of cameron i dont think i have seen a picture where he hasnt looked like a bit of a tit recently . 
  people are n't scared of being called racist because your white so they treat you like they would other brits . 
  im sure you will have heard how all brits are lazy and wont work the jobs foreigners will . 
  poles are harder workers than brits etc. 
  chavs are scum , gypsys are scum . 
  everyone on benefits are scroungers , audi drivers are twats , poles are stealing all our jobs , poles are lazy etc. 
  it is n't so much your targeted as much people are just very judgmental in the uk . 
  you will get nowhere near the kind of hate a gypsy gets i have literally never heard a good thing said about them ever . 
  yet there is a camp near me who have not caused any problems i have heard of in 10 years . 
  the main issue is immigration which he cant change . 
  if it wasnt due to open borders the uk would probably be massively pro-eu . 
  the debate mainly hangs around that key point . 
  the censorship is getting massively overblown thats what is happening . 
  most people i know are in favour of voting out and we are all in our early twenties . 
  i actually know less people who want to stay in than who want to leave . 
  we did n't limit the poles right to work in the uk when they joined . 
  that 's why there 's so many of them in the uk . 
  not a vassal just extraordinarily close allies . 
  the support we give is often very overt so it looks hugely one way . 
  but we get a lot of help in many different areas that the americans do n't give to others . 
  but because it is n't exploding , people do n't realise its happening . 
  plus we clearly have some pull america did n't want to go to war in libya but followed us in and ended up doing a massive chunk of the work for a country that did n't want to be involved . 
  then you have the falklands war where they helped us and even offered an aircraft carrier if we lost ours . 
  it just so happens the world order america enforces pretty much syncs up exactly with what we would like . 
  besides if we are a vassal i have a good life so ca n't really complain . 
  the uk gains a shit load from helping the u.s out , we are in five eyes which basically multiplies the effectiveness of our intelligence agency ten fold . 
  the cia even paid to upgrade an mi6 spying facility when we could n't afford to . 
  our largest defence company operates in the u.s and sells them equipment helping to prop up the company . 
  we buy our nuclear weapons of the u.s. so dont have to go through the costly process of research and development . 
  then theres multiple other things . 
  our politicians know that the main thing we can offer is a bit of international legitimacy so it doesnt look like they are going in everywhere unilaterally and soldiers to help fight the wars they are in . 
  that is basically the trade of we made to get access to things such as the above . 
  when there economy is comparable to western europe yeah , but at the moment no . 
  would n't surprise me if that was legit considering everyone who does n't support him are probably currently rebelling and wont exactly come along and vote . 
  [ wild pandas are nothing like their captive counterparts . 
  they have a dangerously powerful bite and an intense sex drive . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150310-the-truth-about-giant-pandas ) them being captive appears to be the main issue really . 
  yeah we should have had a revolution because that always works out splendidly well . 
  your actually 440 million, 
  living the good life , i do n't get why people are always so annoyed that a country fought for opt out 's in its national interest . 
  we went into the eu for money , other countries went in for ideological reasons . 
  it 's obvious which country would do better for itself . 
  send them back to france probably , it is n't like we would be sending them back to an unsafe country . 
  britain probably has one of the strongest arguments in the world for why it should n't receive any refugees unless it volunteers, 
  because we can deport them all straight back when they come through the tunnel it could n't be any more obvious where they have come from, 
  15,000 nurses would of cost 380,000 million leaving another 100 million for admin fees . 
  we have a shortage of nurses so it is n't like we would need new buildings , the positions are there but vacant because we ca n't afford to hire a load of new nurses . 
  as i said trusts that service 900,000 people run on a 700 million pound budget . 
  rather than help 20,000 we could ensure the 400,000 plus people a new hospital would cover get better care . 
  yeah being able to hire 15,000 nurses how useless , what was i thinking . 
  the 20,000 refugees we are taking are from syrian refugee camps not ones who have crossed europe . 
  the ones we are taking are the most vulnerable , so the elderly , sick , injured and are by default the biggest burdens . 
  these people wont be net benefits . 
  # 400 million would do a lot to the nhs . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/society/2014/oct/05/nhs-finances-crisis-rising-demand-budget-cuts-30-billion-pound-deficit-2020 ) trust spends # 700 million a year and deals with 900,000 people . 
  so 480 million could probably run and staff a hospital to treat over 500,000 each year . 
  that is not nothing . 
  it could hire well over 15,000 nurses on # 26,000 a year salaries . 
  i dont want to accept refugees because our social services are chronically underfunded . 
  when you put it in a % it looks small but the absolute figure is rather large . 
  # 468 million is not a small amount of money , you can not possibly argue that it is . 
  if you wanted to help the refugees you would n't lavish # 400 million on 20,000 people and pat yourself on the back . 
  you would spend # 400 million on the refugees in the camp and help a far greater number . 
  if we were n't heavily indebted and slashing our public sector to pieces i genuinely would n't care .
