  by the looks of it we seem to have permanently lost that $ 10k on america as by 2014 it says we are still that far behind them . 
  super racist fascist, 
  so which group would you join ? 
  assad ? 
  maybe isis ? 
  considering your not a sissy and you cant run from war.l, 
  to be fair why are men expected to have to fight in a brutal war and possibly die while the women are n't ? 
  it does n't take much to hold a gun . 
  it is a bit daft that people think because your a man you should stay behind in a war where all the sides are basically as bad as the other . 
  whereas women should be let in straight away . 
  people keep saying we should n't arm the rebels as there is no good side . 
  yet at the same time people expect the men to stay behind and fight in one of these groups . 
  i would n't mind the extrems we get +20 c in the summer -1 c every now and then in the winter but 90 % of the time its about 12c, 
  can you actually just rock up and go hey queenie its me rurikton ... selfie ? 
  obviously shes the bloody monarch !, 
  only people from outside the uk seem to have this silly idea that people in the uk see themselves below the monarchy . 
  i havent met someone who has said they are beneath the queen , most people just like the pomp and ceremony that surrounds an active monarchy . 
  deport refugees to refugee camps . 
  the dads intervened and got arrested by the police for trying to get their daughters back . 
  considering the plan last week was to take in 0 it is a pretty big difference . 
  and the fact is most people in the uk just do n't really want to take in any or many at all . 
  even after the media blitz the past week trying to guilt everyone into pitying the refugees . 
  in the uk if you asked who kept peace in europe post ww2 it would be the u.s.a and nuclear bombs not the precursor to the eu which was only formed in 1957 and then only contained a few countries . 
  yes while it has drawn countries closer together the uk and france had pretty much settled their differences and were both democracies . 
  so the chances of war between the two was tiny and the only other countrywho usually started a war and was n't occupied by the su was germany which was under a 4 way occupation for the better half of a century . 
  meanwhile the soviet union was ready and raring to go to war , without the usa and nukes the chances are they would have . 
   the problem , of course , is the eu . 
  under european law , we ca n't strike trade deals with other counties . 
  only the eu can do that and it has to be done on a europe-wide basis . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/11629275/australia-can-have-free-trade-with-the-us-so-why-cant-we.html so at the moment no , we are stuck with the eu negotiations for free trade deals . 
  i do n't think the uk would get better stuff from other places for better conditions . 
  just that i doubt the major european markets who sell to us will start putting up massive tariffs or refusing to sell to us because we left . 
  it is more likely they will be as eager as ever to sell to us as we are to buy from them and both sides will facilitate that to the best of their abilities . 
  most people in the uk want the eu to be a free trade area and nothing more . 
  the general opinion is if we left we can negotiate our own free trade areas with whoever we want when we cant currently . 
  the uk exports more the rest of the world than it does europe and the rest of the world is generally growing faster than the eu . 
  so people believe that we should try and capture as much of those growing markets that we can as our exports are going in the direction of less trade with europe and more with the rest of the world . 
  plus on top of that i have yet to meet any person in the uk who actually believes in any eu ideal , it is seen as more of a economical thing . 
  the idea of it being a peace project and all that just does n't exist in the uk . 
  we also run a fairly substantial trade deficit with europe meaning if we did leave and the eu acted punitively they would but cutting their nose of to spite their face . 
  well we brought the uk to them previously . 
  the syrian civil war is probably going to end up more like somalia than the balkans . 
  she was fleeing from terrorism but it was safe enough to leave her daughter behind . 
  right ... 
  yeah no doubt , this would be the ideal system for quotas . 
  50,000 spread across europe and they come directly from refugee camps , it would be better than the silly idea of what germany is doing now saying they will accept any syrian and then asking for redistribution of refugees . 
  yeah i agree if we have accepted them and they are valid . 
  but they should have to go through mandatory at least high school english or in your case german classes and maths . 
  even if it stops them getting a job for a few years . 
  and give them classes on some basic things in the host country law wise which they may not know about . 
  with those two qualifications they will be able to show they can do simple maths and speak the native language to a decent degree . 
  the simple ability to speak the native language proficiently will help them integrate better than pretty much anything else i can think of . 
  even then though i still would n't expect us or even our grand kids to see fully integrated people from their descendants . 
  the camps will always be in safe areas , you would just take them to the one with the best capability to handle them . 
  if they came from an isis warzone and had never been in a camp you would just tell them of the deal , you go to a camp your safe and we wont let you starve and if you have a legitimate asylum claim you may get accepted into europe the us ( i heard they are taking some ) or any other country taking in refugees . 
  it stops the people from dying in the med and hopefully will lessen the strain and crime surrounding people smuggling into the eu . 
  the problem is it takes centuries to integrate people . 
  i would say scottish , english and welsh people are pretty well integrated . 
  three different cultures and three different countries living in peace . 
  wasnt always like that though there was a lot of bloodshed for a lot of years . 
  now im not saying we will have purges and such but it is naive to think 2nd generation immigrants will be integrated . 
  chances are by 2200 maybe a bit later they will be fully integrated , but it is a massively slow and lengthy process which people in this day and age dont have the patience for as they will never see full integration . 
  there is a massive difference between a divorce and giving aid to victims of a civil war . 
  the two scenarios are nowhere near compatible . 
  the uk has the largest foreign aid budget in europe , a few billion more than germany even though your economy is nearly a trillion usd larger . 
  the money the uk throws at syria pays for food , water , medical supplies and much more for the millions in un refugee camps . 
  take that money away that we have spent and it will mean that many of those people whose live are already shit will get much worse . 
  but if on the other hand we helped 50,000 refugees in the uk we would basically get a pat on the back because they are visible to europeans while the other millions are n't . 
  if we are doing quotas it should be what the uk governments doing now . 
  you take the refugee who went through the proper process from un camps and tell the others to go back to those camps . 
  otherwise the ones who followed the protocol will just be left to rot because others decided to break the law to get here . 
  we dont really have mafia to the same extent , infact i have never heard of a an english or french mafia . 
  i trust the french enough to crush a criminal organisation like that pretty quickly before it can become organised to the same scale as the souther italian ones . 
  fuck me 200,000 there are only 2 million of you , if the uk did that there would be 6 million brits moving to one country in the next 10 years . 
  i didnt realise that many of you came over . 
  oh didnt hear them say that , heard them say it about calais . 
  striking in england , striking in lithuania , they are becoming french . 
  or the uk in itself is a multi-cultural country . 
  you know with it being a country comprised of four different countries . 
  i think hes on about hungary . 
  what * god damn , we are n't having chav as the official language . 
  why did nobody tell me would do this before the election ?!, 
  i have betrayed my country by voting against such a plan through ignorance . 
  good old threats and blackmail , peace and solidarity all around what a wonderful union . 
  you can fight in my place mate , gates of vienna and all that . 
  ill just sit over here in peace . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/aug/25/westminster-paedophile-claims-harvey-proctor-accuses-police-of-witch-hunt ) was on the 25th of august , they are still prosecuting the new batch they have found . 
  once they start sending them down it will all reappear . 
  if history repeats itself europes fucked , britain is fine though apart from 2066 , got ta watch for those pesky normans this time around . 
  if ww3 kicked off tomorrow , it is basically a certainty i would run to a safe western country if i could . . 
  i value my life far above that of my country . 
  i genuinely dont trust cameron and osborne to try and not swindle people in that negotiation , they tried it with the extra tax we had to pay . 
  they 'll try something similar in the referendum . 
  the `` not england '' countries have more powers than england does at the moment , england is the least represented country in the uk . 
  when its mentioned that their should be an english parliament its always shouted down with accusations of the english wanting to break up the uk or englands to big so it should be broken up itno 7 odd countries . 
  considering scotland is getting more and more powers as time goes on its hardly eroding it sovereignty either , in the 1980s scotland didnt even have a parliament . 
  good old france , can always trust them look out for what 's best for us . 
  when the question is a paragraph somethings wrong . 
  i was going to say the same , from all the talk i expected germany to have taken in about 550,000 + by now . 
  i doubt you will get 600,000 in the next 4 months , especially as it will be winter and the seas will be rougher probably stopping the immigrants from crossing the sea .
