  then we can do charity , but i would rather have # 400 million plowed into the nhs which i use and pay taxes for . 
  it is selfish but i rather like the security that brings . 
  the refugees we are taking are n't exactly the most able ones either , we are taking in the most vulnerable etc. 
  so they will always be a net burden through no fault of their own . 
  you do know the uk has a deficit right ? 
  we dont just have a surplus of a couple # 100 million we can decide to spend . 
  we will have to take out a loan go into debt and pay interest on that debt . 
  so yeah its pretty retarded to go throwing around money you do n't have when that money is n't going to have a long term benefit . 
  you know exactly what your doing at 15 , it is n't some grey area where you might not fully understand the situation . 
  conspiring to commit mass murder , he knew the exact outcome of his actions . 
  the but he 's young defence does n't work in this type of case . 
  the population of indonesia is 240 million and there are 1.5 billion muslims in the world . 
  so not really a fun fact more something you made up . 
  what how the hell is indonesia richer than france and the uk ? 
  the uk has never really given a shit about other countries unless it directly benefited us to do so . 
  [ bassingbourn libyan sex-attack soldiers ` seeking asylum ' ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-cambridgeshire-34392667 ), 
  so lie thats always a great plan . 
  these refugees paying $ 8000 to be smuggled are rich compared to those who earn $ 2 a day . 
  by your logic the refugees are in fact entitled, 
  a 14 year old should have critical thinking skills , their 14 not 4 . 
  surely they teach you critical thinking in schools where your from ? 
  countries are doing it because they broke through the borders . 
  germany barely gave a shit before they started storming there way into germany . 
  oh yeah definitely , both situations make the other far worse . 
  if we still were building 300k houses a year and netting 300k new immigrants it wouldnt be as bad . 
  problem is housing supply went down and immigration went up . 
  not really when tax paid by everyone contributed to the building of roads in london you can hardly tell them they are n't allowed to live their . 
  they have through tax invested in the infrastructure of london . 
  the housing crisis has nothing to do with that in the uk . 
  there is literally nowhere near enough supply for demand , our population is increasing massively year on year and outstripping how many were building when we already have a shortage of house . 
  its been getting worse for years now . 
  the uk had far lower immigration when we had full control over our borders , now we do n't its at unprecedented levels . 
  the housing shortage is affected in a big way by open borders . 
  the red card is for domestic consumption . 
  it is so he can say he has gained veto power over all eu directives and we will never have to implement something we do n't want to again . 
  he will then neglect to mention under what circumstances the red card system could be used and that britain would not be able to unilaterally implement it . 
  so he will claim his renegotiation was a huge success when nothing has changed and people will vote to stay in the eu as most people have said they would stay if we got a good renegotiation and being able to veto everything we dont like sounds pretty good . 
  he tried the same shit when the uk got asked to pay more into the eu budget he gave away part of our rebate for the next year and the eu accepted that as the contribution and we just paid more at a later date . 
  then he started banging on about how he had successfully stopped us from having to pay the extra tax . 
  who between , im genuinely curious if you think that britain would have invaded italy ? 
  or germany invade france ? 
  france go full napoleon and try and conquer all of europe again ? 
  russia isnt the ussr , it has nowhere near the same kind of leverage . 
  it has no chance of somehow gaining a sphere of influence over a large chunk of europe again . 
  if we went back to playing that kind of politics then germany would obviously be the one with the sphere of influence going towards russia , what with its economy being vastly larger and its people better liked . 
  they probably wont need it i dont think the out campaign will be short on [ money ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/emb-0000-eu-referendum-three-of-uks-biggest-donors-to-bankroll-out-campaign-a6687066.html ) by the sounds of it they will be able to outspend the in campaign heavily . 
  from what i understand britain leaving would be bad for germany as we are more aligned with them than we are france . 
  if we leave suddenly the eu becomes far more french as a lot of the smaller countries agree with france . 
  they helped out with the falklands quite a bit . 
  something stupid like 80p of every 1 pound of petrol is tax in the uk . 
  if your paying similar rates to us i feel your pain . 
  [ the uk government pays spain an annual sum per pensioner to cover their health costs . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/money/2008/apr/08/expat-finance-spain ), 
  their on pensions paid for by the british government who also pays for their medical bills . 
  they are n't spread between 500 million people though are they . 
  they do n't want to go to bulgaria do they . 
  stop trying to use statistics to make your argument look better, 
  pray tell how the usa would rig the election of the uk and get away with it with nobody figuring out . 
  throw me in a room with a muslim , hindu and buddhist and i guarantee i wont instantly start beating the shit out of them . 
  if they cant handle different cultures in a refugee centre they are n't going to be able to when they are basically drowned in german culture which is predominantly christian based . 
  your hoping for the best if you think they will integrate . 
  the type of people who are getting in these fights will be the type of people who form ghettos and will never integrate . 
  ah yeah , i remember when britain occupied and bombed syria , back what 70 years ago now ? 
  funny refugees these lot seem to not have aged a day since ww2 when britain was last bombing the place . 
  that makes sense it 's mutually beneficial . 
  in for a penny in for a pound . 
  he has been trying to bomb assad for years , its only because of parliament the uk is n't bombing him now . 
  cameron 's view on assad has always been to remove him . 
  this does n't have anything to do with the gulf states . 
  the russian economy is smaller than italy 's it has no economic might to bully people with . 
  he has said what many believed , he 's pouring fuel on an ever growing fire . 
  the uk wont find any of that money we will take out a loan most likely to pay for it . 
  its an extra # 400 million which we will have to take out and pay interest on to give the majority of it away . 
  its # 400 millions which is a massive amount of money . 
  i do n't see why they care the veto system is already the most obvious abuse of power in the world . 
  what 's that someone 's doing something utterly horrible and inhumane and 100 nations have voted to sanction them ? 
  better veto that after all they are my ally . 
  all of the above really . 
  i would say having a nuclear deterrent is in our best interest we have no idea what the world will look like in 20 years let alone 50 . 
  30 years ago the ussr was running around and occupying half of europe . 
  just because we live in relative peace now does n't mean we will live in such a peaceful world in the future where the most powerful nation is also our best ally . 
  they would be fine for it , would probably live next to them aswell for 6 months before moving somewhere else but not because of the refugees of course . 
  south west london has an average property price # 700k , south london # 500k . 
  i do feel quite sorry for people born in london , it must be depressing when the average property prices are so high . 
  near me they are quite affordable where as if i was born a few hours south i would struggle to ever buy a house . 
  houses are not that expensive in the north at least . 
  nearly everyone i know will be able to get a house around age 25 - 26 . 
  # 170k for your average house price , it is about # 360k in the south east . 
  two people working full time can easily enough get a house , just depends on what area of the country you are in . 
  pretty much every other single one didnt say that though . 
  and considering the bbc was n't saying it and they host the 6 and 10pm news which get 5 million views . 
  i will give you the sun and express , the daily mail does what it does and swings both ways constantly . 
  but realistically at the time this went on every new channel was saying it was the uk gov the vast vast majority of tabloids and newspapers were saying it was the uk . 
  brits knew what was going on and voted to leave regardless of this , a few would of thought it was due to the eu . 
  * [ guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/01/steel-crisis-uk-accused-blocking-eu-attempts-regulate-chinese-dumping ) * [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-politics-35708741 ) * daily mail ( - revealed : britain ` blocked ' eu bid to raise china steel tariff that could have protected the industry from cheap imports ( but cameron still spends billions on foreign aid ) * [ mirror ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/china-slaps-tariffs-uk-steel-7670438 ) * [ independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/tata-steel-uk-government-accused-of-failing-to-protect-british-workers-by-blocking-eu-plans-to-allow-a6962446.html ) * [ huff post ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/steel-tata-javid-eu-dumping_uk_56fbbdd1e4b0c5bd919a9215 ) * [ telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/03/30/britain-sacrifices-steel-industry-to-curry-favour-with-china/ ) chances are the ft , economist etc all reported on it being the uk gov as well . 
  no it wasnt , they were saying on the news that the uk had blocked tariffs being introuduced . 
  thats pretty good . 
  made me chuckle . 
  the world would have changed so much from what i remember reading . 
  no william the conqueror would mean basically no wars with france as england would n't have a claim , might have had a uk a couple centuries earlier .
