  that would most likely be english and eventually over decades other languages will start to wither a bit it would take a century or two but the chances are a federal europe would use english everyday for most things with smaller countries languages going the way of the dodo , like welsh and scottish . 
  the only reason they are still around is due to people trying to save them . 
  yep thought it was french for attention . 
  not even now india has 22 official languages in one country , that is kind of special . 
  having 24 different languages and 24 different countries isnt particularly special . 
  i expect 23 more lines of whatever that word means pronto !, 
  i thought it meant attention . 
  it is just daft to write your \u04e9\u0433\u04af\u04af\u043b\u0431\u044d\u0440 and then expect people to know what it means . 
  we literally offered them a fence albeit a bloody good fence to help them out . 
  they have been asking us for help for ages and rather than say no deal with it we seem to give half arsed attempts at help like the fence every now and then and the papers basically turn around and say we gave them a fence and french are asking for me cheeky bastards . 
  cultural education would be shot down as probably the most racist thing since hitler if you tried that in the uk . 
  the whole idea of multiculturalism seems to be that two people with completely alien cultures should be able to live next to each other and never have an issue and considering thats what most countries want , then we are going to keep creating a growing clusterfuck . 
  they are on french soil we cant do anything , it is up to france . 
  similar to how france wants italy to deal with all the illegal immigrants they get so they have closed some of the [ borders ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/italy-battles-to-house-migrants-at-border-with-france/a-18516080 ) . 
  the thing is italy gets told to deal with it by their neighbours including france and france is getting the same treatment from the uk . 
  the difference is the uk is the end of the line so we can be arsey and there is literally no downside . 
  electrify the doors is the next step then i guess . 
  you have to remember we are also xenophobic racists who hate everyone who is n't british as well as their dogs bloody foreigners . 
  got to wonder why europe has got the message but these illegals havent . 
  the sad thing is because most of the powerful countries in the world are christian or historically christian . 
  the idea of christians getting persecuted seems to just get completely ignored , you only seem to hear about when its something absolutely horrendous . 
  i know that quite a few uk start ups that start becoming successful pretty much immediately get snapped up by massive us companies . 
  i cant blame them either as i would do the same . 
  i get what he is saying with that , i always basically saw nationalism as blind pride of your country and not being able to accept any criticisms of it . 
  whereas patriotism was more i love my country but we have some issues that could be solved by using the french method etc. 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with patriotism liking your country and having a vested interest in it seems like a fairly good thing . 
  i also like the whole atmosphere of patriotic events such as when the queen has her jubilee 's or when the world cup is on . 
  could n't care less about whether they speak indo-european or arabic , speak the language of the country you are living in . 
  go on holiday and have terrible language skills fair enough , live in that country and have terrible language skills and its just rude . 
  i read an amnesty article a few years ago which basically said the uk has a good reputation for stability and rule of law . 
  the opposite of what many refugee 's have experienced , because of this they want to get to the uk because in their minds they know that the justice system is fair and there is no risk of war . 
  that is what a couple of the refugee 's said anyway . 
  european solidarity in action fuck over the richer countries while taking their money . 
  i am actually kind of ashamed wonga is on that list . 
  probably feels like their only option though , they would get a lot more support if russia openly invaded . 
  and russia would get a lot of new sanctions thrown on it . 
  i am sure switzerland has massively privileged from their colonies as did norway and finland . 
  was more the whole if you want independence fine go for it . 
  then a month later we want voting rights in the bank of england and to keep the pound , meaning england would have to underwrite your pretty damn large banking industry if anything ever want wrong for no benefit to us . 
  then we said no and you threatened to walk out on all your debt and shaft the ruk and accused us of bullying . 
  i have to admit my opinion of the entire referendum changed pretty dramatically with all that going on and every time someone looked at alex salmond he said they were bullying him . 
  depends on what type they are , the ones who have integrated and understand that other people may do things they woulodnt necessarily do but dont care . 
  i can easily live beside them peacefully . 
  the ones who live in little ethnic enclaves and have barely integrated instead making their own mini country then no . 
  while i can coexist peacefully with them , i would rather they be like the first lot . 
  really , you think that if the human rights act is scrapped britain will suddenly legalise and accept domestic violence . 
  stop chatting shit , there are many things to criticise the tories for and their efforts to scrap the human rights . 
  the idea that they want domestic violence is retarded , no need to start making stuff up when there are plenty of things to hate the tories for . 
  i dont think there is international law about really long sticks poking people in other countries . 
  europe was gearing up for the biggest war in human history the only reason it did n't go hot was because of nuclear bombs that 's pretty obvious . 
  the eu could not stop that . 
  it is a fantasy that people think the eu achieved peace, 
  securing peace was n't the eu . 
  that was millions of soldiers ready to go to war at a moments notice and the big one that made sure the war did n't go hot nuclear bombs and lots of them . 
  the eu had nothing to do with european peace nuclear bombs made that a reality . 
  i would be out protesting using nukes to defend belgium if it didnt involve the uk . 
  if the uk is getting involved in a nuke war it better be because of soldiers stepping foot on our soil . 
  if belgium gets conquered and nuked but the uk does n't so be it . 
  no need for us all to burn in nuclear fire , even then i would be hesitant to use nukes i would rather humanity as a whole live on than for us all to be wiped out because of spite at the end of the day . 
  no they are poor because they got conquered periodically throughout history and recently , britain is rich as it has n't been . 
  we have been remarkably stable really , it helps with growing the economy . 
  i have nothing against eastern europeans it is just silly to ask someone to show solidarity with someone whose language they cant even understand because they are poorer than them . 
  when those people are far from being the poorest in the world . 
  plus yours and my idea of the eu is different you believe it is some sort of peace project designed to build up poorer countries . 
  to me it should be a free trade area and little else . 
  does n't help that the eu shows itself time and time again as having little solidarity between member states on important matters . 
  it is fairly obvious most countries in the eu are out for themselves in most matters . 
  nothing to agree with most of it is fact , we pay into the eu to get the same benefits as other countries get who receive free money . 
  the money sent eastern europe would do far more in other countries around the world . 
  i am invested in the well being of the uk as i live their and if bad things happen to it bad things will happen to me . 
  if something happens to most eastern european countries it will have a small knock on effect on me and then be over pretty quick . 
  your idea of solidarity is paying for poorer countries but not the poorest ones in the world who live in absolute poverty . 
  just those who you class as europeans are deserving of the money , it is a bit awful really . 
  i generally do n't care about them , i care about my own country first and foremost . 
  then when it comes to helping poor countries there are a lot of countries far poorer than eastern europe where the money would be of much better use in improving life quality . 
  why should eastern europeans who are relatively wealthy compared to a lot of palces be helped over those who are in genuine crippling poverty ? 
  because they happen to live on the same tectonic plate as me ? 
  besides poor countries dont stay poor forever , poor countries that get in wars stay poor forever . 
  china was poor and is growing immensely wealthy of their own backs . 
  as i said we pay into the eu to the tune of billions a year while other countries take billions a year and get the exact same benefits . 
  poland received 11.21 billion euros in 2011 , if you gave the uk lets say 18 billion euros ( as we arent double the size but were quite a bit bigger ) a year i would show solidarity with the eu . 
  i would walk down the streets waving a flag of the eu . 
  the problem is we get the exact same benefits and negatives as poland ( except a few opt outs , but they do n't matter that much as we cant opt out of the truly big ideas . ), 
  but we have to pay billions in while poland receives billions . 
  i do n't have solidarity with the eu because i do n't really know why any would , i am being genuinely honest there is nothing that would make me believe in solidarity with the eu that i can think of . 
  what makes you feel solidarity with it ? 
  we get a worse deal than most in the eu poland gets all the same stuff as the uk and free money to boot as does a large chunk of eastern europe . 
  it is hardly cherry picking to say i the prime minister of the uk want the best deal for the uk its his job and no matter what he does we will only have a rebate which means we pay less while other countries get everything the same including free money . 
  their are far more countries getting far better deals than the uk in the eu . 
  1100 years is a long time anywhere , i dont know where you think people think a full 1100 years ago was n't a long time but i will hazard a guess the people from their would disagree . 
  dyson support it as does i think jcb . 
  there is an even split half the business 's export outside the eu a fair chunk of them would n't mind leaving, 
  we thought letting you in would fuck up the federalist nature of the eu and make it harder to become an effective union . 
  same reason why the uk was pushing for all of eastern europe to join and turkey , it would make the eu a bureaucratic monster that would stay mainly as a free trade area which the uk wanted while making it extremely hard to consolidate . 
  you act like opening your markets is a great sacrifice the countries who pay into the eu did the exact same except they do n't get free money aswell . 
  and i am 100 % sure those countries could find a 1000 different ways to spend the money they send out in their own country for a better return . 
  dont think much would happen , the eu would wobble a bit the uk would wobble a bit and then everything would continue as normal . 
  just the amount of trade we do with the rest of the world would increase faster than it currently is . 
  even in a united eu if china and the u.s cut of workers rights we would end up buying their cheaper products and cutting jobs in the eu . 
  unless you went fully isolationist and didnt trade with them .
