  we are a stable country with the 6th largest economy in the world and a growing population . 
  then europhiles tell us if we leave the eu we will turn into a third world country overnight of course they are taken as a joke when they make stupid comments . 
  the only thing making me want to leave the eu is the vitriol that gets sent our way by people like you , i mean why would i want to share a country with people who i have often seen claim that if the uk leaves the eu they should be punished and the eu should do everything they can to ruin their economy . 
  if the eu does n't blink and does n't reform at all , i can see a brexit being the most likely possibility . 
  chances are though cameron wont get anything and act up enough like he is a conquering hero and we will stay in . 
  saying that wont get you many upvotes though . 
  i doubt they will be for wrong when they realise the conservatives can basically ignore them now . 
  the main reason for voter apathy in the uk is because you had two and a half choices . 
  this election looks pretty much to have killed the lib dems , so i will be able to vote red or blue next time it 's pathetic . 
  people wo n't vote for parties they do n't care for . 
  we need voter reform . 
  ukip just got the second highest amount of votes in two of the three sunderland elections . 
  it doesnt seem to be that . 
  no they are baltic and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  pretty simple europeans are different from british people culturally so when we talk about a large group of people from europe we call them europeans . 
  same as when we say a lot of asians are doctors etc. 
  we are comparing one group against ourselves would be silly to say most europeans are hard workers but us europeans are lazy . 
  would n't make any sense . 
  you have to remember that normal working class britons were still treated like shit from the upper classes during the whole empire period and before . 
  a few may of been spectacularly wealthy but most were just less fucked by their `` betters '' then the others around the empire . 
  britain can barely figure out what british values stand for , there is literally nothing i can think of as a set of european values, 
  we should just automatically deny any asylum case where the person doesnt have a passport . 
  well if were going down this route im game for introducing black widow spiders too . 
  for to long have i been scared of spiders that cant kill me , at least with a black widow i have a legitimate reason to flee . 
  we need to federalise because nine ships are doing military drills in the mediterranean ? 
  come on if we send our ships to their borders again and again it isnt unexpected that they will do the same . 
  russia still sends bombers to the gulf of mexico , the eu being a single state would n't stop this at all . 
  we have a fptp system where two parties always either win outright or are the leader in a coalition . 
  it is hard to be to enthusiastic about politics when the election is basically decided on the outset between two parties and your option is to vote not for who you like but for who you dislike the least . 
  i would love to be able to vote with a party that i actually agreed with on most points but if i did i may aswell just not vote at all , so im left with two and a half options . 
  go hard or go home america . 
  i doubt he will have a decent answer . 
  a lot of people on this sub seem to think that if the uk wasnt in the eu it would immediately decline and never stop while the eu will only grow more prosperous . 
  oh i thought from that comment he meant he would move in a heartbeat if he could , my bad . 
  i agree with you on that , seems like the lib dems are getting a disproportionate amount of flak for lying when every other party has done similar things and in comparison it is barely mentioned . 
  not exactly someone i want running the country if the only reason he is staying in it is because of his job . 
  i would hope there would of been a bit more to his reasons than that . 
  because you are now part of the west and one of the downsides of being part of the west is you are expected to be the saviour of the world . 
  does n't help that this sub loves everything about ukip , if nigel farage sneezes it will be a upvoted topic in this sub about how he hates polish people as he sneezed in an easterly direction . 
  britain 's on an island we do n't need a joint border guard just our own . 
  the half of europe paying for the rest of the europe should get special things aswell if they want them . 
  like i said i find the idea of the eu where one country has to pay to join and gets complained at as asking for its cake and eating by countries who do nothing but take from the eu massively hypocritical . 
  you can just tax an extra five billion but then again you can tax an extra 50 or 60 or why not even an extra 100 billion . 
  there is a clear reason we dont . 
  however , change the eu so its more equal and fair and so that everyone pays in an equal ( proportionally ) amount so that it can run the free market then we will get a good chunk of that money back and be able to spend it on poor people here . 
  without having to raise taxes . 
  i think its a terrible argument that because the uk is a rich country it must pay for poorer countries otherwise were a bunch of greedy bastards , and we should just forget about the poor in our own country who pay some of those very same taxes which go abroad . 
  the north of wales and the south west of england are some of the most deprived regions in the eu , northern ireland is also deprived . 
  it causes the huge issue of nowhere close offering jobs and forcing them to london which only further cements london 's dominance in the uk and causes the whole host of problems that come with that . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regional_policy_of_the_european_union#/media/file:european_regional_policy_2014.svg ideally we should concentrate on getting every region in the uk into the blue and then helping out others , not helping out other deprived regions from different countries and not doing much for our own . 
  plus a better developed wales will always be better then a better developed area of poland or romania to the british economy . 
  i do n't think structural funds should be given out . 
  london is the capital of the country it is in and has been connected to the rest of the country for a 1000 years . 
  the difference between london paying out to deprived areas in its own country which are 1 or 2 hours drive away . 
  and giving massive subsidies to half of europe is huge . 
  the uk has its own deprived areas where an extra 5 billion euros could make a massive difference . 
  but instead were taking care of poor people in other countries but not our own . 
  that makes sense though , the people most likely to notice immigration are those in areas where there are nearly no immigrants . 
  if your community is 99 % white welsh and it drops to 94 % white welsh in the course of 10 years people will definitely notice it and it will be a big change to the area . 
  in a city like manchester which is 79 % white british if it went to 74 % over a period of ten years i doubt many people would realize . 
  it is pretty obvious that those who vote against immigration will be the ones who have seen it change their area the most . 
  i am all for having no net recipients in the eu its a stupid concept as it is that some countries have to pay to join the eu while others are given free money . 
  especially considering how much people complain about the uk wanting a special deal . 
  damn right we should get a special deal when we are funding it to the tune of 5.4 billion euros a year . 
  while a huge amount of countries are only taking . 
  mr gorbachev tear down this wall . 
  and that 's about it . 
  flying the english flag outside major sporting events is always looked down upon as implying the person is a racist . 
  yeah , twenty years ago the ussr was still around , sixty before that nazi germany . 
  i dont understand why a lot of people seem to think that just because its relatively peaceful now , it will be forever and nobody will ever threaten us again . 
  the problem is france and the uk do n't want it and without them it becomes a joke . 
  yeah , a unified eu military is not going to happen , one between those three countries easily could . 
  it is less about pumping out as many as possible and more the jobs now require those degree 's . 
  low skilled jobs that paid a decent wage are drying up and the only other option is to get a degree and hope for the best . 
  i would love it if they started teaching barney stinsons playbook in schools it would be the best way to encourage more children . 
  yeah , oxford is good in quite a few things but its reputation is what makes a degree their so good sometimes not the actual teaching . 
  i know of a few people who chose less well known uni 's over it as on courses such as becoming a doctor oxford focuses to much on the academic side and not enough practical stuff making their students a bit shit compared to some other unis whose students get their hands on more . 
  genghis khan , its time to reclaim the empire . 
  your from the uk . 
  when did you go through our education system the 1800 's ? 
  maybe i got you a bit wrong but the way you worded it sounds rather sinister . 
  `` cultivating a sense of europeanism through shared education '' so that they grow up to be more pro federal europe sounds pretty bad . 
  because you want to basically indoctrinate children to build your new country . 
  if you have to brainwash children rather than convince adults then somethings gone terribly wrong . 
  we get to be picky about who we let in from outside the eu , so our system is set that we only accept who we need and stuff like this was implemented . 
  [ uk bans non-eu unskilled workers ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/7129187.stm ) [ immigration shake up bars unskilled eu workers ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2006/mar/08/immigrationandpublicservices.immigration ) [ skilled , employer sponsored workers \\ ( tier 2 of the points-based system \\ ) are the largest category of entry visas issued for work . ] ( http://migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/briefings/non-european-labour-migration-uk ) . 
  i am not saying all eu migrants are unskilled , i know they are n't as i work with enough polish people who would of been classed as skilled workers . 
  just that as eu migrants get free movement , a larger share of them will obviously be unskilled as we cant select the skilled ones and decline the unskilled ones . 
  and people would obviously prefer to only have to take on the immigrants who are skilled rather than the ones who arent . 
  culturally christian seems to mainly be that we follow the 10 commandments ( well some of them like thou shalt not murder ) as they are generally a force for good . 
  we act a bit like jesus in trying to turn the other cheek , help thy neighbour those things . 
  cant explain it to well but it is mainly we took the better parts of christianity kept them and as we were influenced by them our cultures slanted towards christianity because of it . 
  same way a lot of people who are n't christian say they wont do much on sunday as its their rest day . 
  when christianity says its a day of rest . 
  or how people try and give up things for lent , they are n't christian but its just seen as a time when some people try and give up on unhealthy things . 
  that happens on this sub reddit all the time , the vast vast majority of anti-eu opinions are downvoted to oblivion even if they are well thought out arguments . 
  does n't really matter , people have different opinions in real life and you have to deal with them . 
  if all you do is listen to people with the same opinions as yourself then you will never get a full understanding of the world as you will never understand others opinions . 
  he did n't say anything racist or make nazi comments just pointed out that the middle east has gone to shit which it has and immigration from those countries will head to ours . 
  that is a valid comment contributing to the discussion , yet because you do n't agree with him you want to discredit his point by pointing out a load of irrelevant shit .
