  1 congresswoman , 2 senators ) : the only fully not independentist nationalist party with representation in the spanish congress . 
  centre right party ( comparable to ciudadanos ) , that simply wants to defend the canary islands ' in the spanish congress , but is fully against independence ( instead just wanting more money for the islands and the like ) . 
  * very minor parties with representation in regional assemblies , but not nationally * * compromis ( compromise ) : left wing ( comparable to podemos ) valencian nationalist party . 
  contested the national election alongside podemos and won seats . 
  in the valencian community 's regional assembly they have 19/99 legislators . 
  * upn ( union of the navarran people ) : right wing ( comparable to pp ) navarre nationalist party . 
  contested the national election alongside the pp and won seats . 
  in navarre 's regional assembly they have 15/50 seats * prc ( regionalist party of cantabria ) : centre left ( comparable to psoe ) cantabrian regionalist party . 
  they currently have the governor of cantabria and 12/35 seats in cantabria 's regional assembly . 
  * cup ( popular unity candidacy ) : the most pro catalonia independence party in existance . 
  coalition of far left anarchists and communists and the like . 
  they are so pro independence they do n't contest national elections . 
  currently have 10/135 seats in catalonia 's regional assembly * geroa bai : basically the pnv , rebranded for navarre . 
  the smallest party with a governor . 
  they currently have 9/50 seats in navarre 's regional assembly . 
  * coalition for melilla : a party comparable to podemos in the autonomous city of melilla ( north of morocco ) . 
  they currently have 7/25 seats * bng ( nationalist galician bloc ) : left wing ( half way between psoe and podemos ) galician nationalist party . 
  not in favour of independence . 
  they have 6/75 legislators in galicia 's regional assembly * mes ( more ) : left wing balearic islands nationalist party ? 
  9/59 seats in the balearic islands * aragonesist party : right wing aragon nationalist party . 
  contested the national election alongside the pp ( i do n't know if they got seats ) . 
  6/67 seats in aragon 's regional assembly * nc ( new canaries ) : left wing canary islands nationalist party . 
  contested the national election alongside the psoe and won seats . 
  currently 5/60 seats in the canary islands regional assembly , but they do have the gran canaria island president . 
  also , a former teacher at my high school belongs to this party :d * caballas coalition : i do n't get this one xd . 
  i think it 's some sort of regionalist ceuta party ? 
  ( the other autonomous city in northern morocco ) . 
  it also seems a bit based around one person ( someone named mohamed ali ) * asturias forum : a bunch of people who seceded from the asturian branch of the pp . 
  they seem very hard to diferentiate from the real deal though . 
  i guess they are a bit more nationalist ? 
  contested the national election alongside the pp , and got seats . 
  currently they have 3/45 seats in asturias regional assembly . 
  * asg ( la gomera socialist agrupation ) : after a scandal that involved the psoe island president of la gomera , his son and prostitution , he seceded and formed his own party ~ ~ with blackjack and hookers ~ ~ . 
  he is the only one in this list to have some sort of national representation ( 1 senator ) . 
  has 3/60 seats in the canary islands regional assembly and the la gomera island president * movement for dignity and citizenship : another of those weird ceuta parties lol . 
  they seem to advocate for open borders , multiculturalism and the like . 
  they have 3/25 seats in ceuta 's regional assembly * aragonesist junta : left wing ( comparable to podemos ) aragon nationalist party . 
  they have 2/67 seats in aragon 's regional assembly * party populars in freedom ( hard to translate the name ) : another weird party in melilla . 
  this time it seems to be a conservative one based around one person . 
  * union of the leon people : a centrist party that wants 3 of the 9 provinces of the state of castille-leon ( leon , zamora and salamanca ) to secede from that state and create a new one . 
  they have 1/84 seats in castille-leon 's regional assembly * people for formentera : similar to the asg , except with formentera in the balearic islands instead of la gomera in the canary islands . 
  also , less hookers :( 1 seat in the balearic islands ' regional assembly anyways , as for my favourites , i think nc represents my views the best , closely followed by podemos and the psoe in third . 
  i will say though that all those ceuta/melilla weird parties and the people from leon who want to secede are much more intersting though xd, 
  sure , but again , those are n't standarized as everyone 's hands have a different size . 
  oh , sure , but that 's not really a measure of distance anymore as city blocks can vary in size, 
  i can only think of the `` quintal '' , worth 100 kg , but even that is rarely used . 
  there 's also inches for some things which are sold that way , basically tvs and car wheels . 
  * normally truck . 
  i rarely use lorry * i use both interchangably . 
  * for rent . 
  to let sounds weird to me xd, 
  yeah , he is seen as a bad dictator , but it 's also accepted that both sides did bad stuff and the like . 
  one thing i rarely see discussed about franco though is that while he was terrible in the social aspect ( see : censorship , political prisoners , etc ) , he was probably the most leftist `` leader '' we 've had ( barring the 2nd republic ) . 
  he made social security and universal healthcare after all , and nationalized lots of businesses and industries . 
  not really . 
  as someone said he was a dictator , so his support did n't really matter as he was never toppled ( though protests did become more common towards the very end of his dictatorship , in the early 70s ) as for international support , during ww2 he was supported by the axis , but after the war he lost all support and was shunned by all nations in the world ( the un ordered to take out embassies in spain , and all but 6 countries did that ) . 
  the late 40s and early 50s were very tough in spain , almost tougher than the inmediate post war . 
  spain was also excluded from the marshall plan . 
  eventually , by the 50s we received us help in exchange for military bases and some very tiny reforms ( basically removing the ties to fascism ) , as the us viewed spain as a valuable ally against communism during the cold war . 
  by the 60s the regime passed a lot of reforms and the economy grew . 
  people also had more freedom and censorship was eased , but not removed . 
  in the 70s though it was clear that spain was a dictatorship , and there were some protests , but nothing too major . 
  terrorism began to rise in the country , though it reached it 's peak in the late 70s , after franco 's death . 
  yeah , i kind of wish we had entered ww2 on hitler 's side . 
  the country would have been reduced to a pile of rubble after almost 10 years of war , but we would have progressed much faster after being liberated by the allies . 
  i guess yahoo answers , but that 's terrible xd i think most people just search for it in forum boards or something . 
  for all what 's worth the stereotype for solving problems are youtube tutorials made by latin americans xd . 
  they make most tutorials in the internet for some reason . 
  well , horseshoe theory :p, 
  first of all keep in mind i left school last year , when the law changed , so what i say might be outdated ok , maths here is mandatory until year 10 . 
  in year 10 depending on your choice of subjects you either have `` maths a '' ( ie for social sciences ) or `` maths b '' ( for hard sciences ) . 
  same thing goes in years 11 and 12 , except now maths is n't mandatory anymore . 
  as for tests and stuff , those vary at the regional level , but for the most part in year 12 you will know the usual integration , derivatives , matrixes , etc. 
  here 's a sample test from our university access tests ( june 2014 in this case ) : http://www.gobcan.es/educacion/general/pwv/docsup/6548_matematicas_ii_pau_junio_14.pdf you are given 2 options for the test , option a and option b. 
  you only need to do one but ca n't mix exercises from both . 
  neither is harder than the other in theory , they just mix different units from the book ( you are recommended to study all to keep your options open , but if you want to drop some units you can do so ), 
  the classic inept government combined with them never ever leaving ( they 've been in power since 1993 ! ), 
  they are also the main beneficiaries by far of our terrible electoral system , where 0.9 % of the vote gives you 3/60 seats but 5.9 % gives you nothing . 
  furthermore , they did n't even win the last election , and it 's not like they put out some coalition !, 
  the canary islands are the only place i know of ( other than the usa ) where the loser of an election can still win !, 
  here are the results if you are curious . 
  notice how they came in third but still got the most seats . 
  in fact the last time they genuinely won an election was in 03 . 
  we 've had 3 elections since . 
  always came in third in the popular vote yet were awarded the most seats , or at least 2nd largest and the governorship . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canarian_parliamentary_election,_2015 for all what 's worth their alliance with the centre-left psoe has broken down very reciently , so there 's a slight beam of hope ( very small though ) . 
  the only viable coalition seems to be centre-left nationalists ( nc ) + psoe+pp , but that 's a pipedream . 
  the only psoe+pp coalition i know of was in the basque country in 09 , and that was probably a special case . 
  most likely they 'll just lead a weak minority government like rajoy is doing at the national level . 
  while not a country , the largest us state ( california ) allows public referendums just like switzerland does . 
  it 's more populated than all but 5 eu countries ( germany , france , the uk , italy and spain ) , just on par with poland . 
  according to [ this map ] ( http://dontmesswithtaxes.typepad.com/.a/6a00d8345157c669e2013488a903e4970c-pi ) in total 15/50 us states allow initiatives to change the constitution just like swizerland , and other states have other kinds of initiatives and referendums . 
  meanwhile here we 've only had 2 since the constitution was passed . 
  1986 to remain or leave nato ( remain won ) and 2005 to pass the eu constitution ( yes won ) . 
  maybe 1 more in certain regions . 
  i totally agree with yoou opinion that the swiss system is the best system . 
  in fact , i wonder why most places in europe have n't copied it . 
  do n't most of the us states have something like that ? 
  ( like the most populated , california for example ), 
   not all that well if the approval rating of congress is and all the secession movements have anything to say about it .
