  ok , i guess i 'll try to sum up as good as i can how we got here : * this sunday we had regional elections in the basque country and galicia , and the psoe performed pretty badly ( got surpassed by podemos in galicia and tied with the pp in the basque country ) . 
  * shorly after , pedro sanchez anounces he will not support a pp government by abstaining , and that he will seek an alternative government with podemos , ciudadanos and catalan and basque nationalist parties ( he would not concede a referendum though ) . 
  * many regional leaders of the party get nervous and oppose their plan , preferring an abstention , but not saying it fully directly ( though it was obvious ) . 
  * so , pedro sanchez calls for an extraordinary set of primary elections and says that whoever prefers abstaining should come out , say it clearly , present himself as a primary candidate and defeat him in an election decided by all party members ( not just party leaders ) . 
  * many party leaders fully oppose his plan , and 17 members of the psoe executive resign , which would force sanchez out , replacing him with a commision until they get a new party leader . 
  * meanwhile , sanchez and his allies still claim he is the party leader . 
  i think this is because the rules do n't make it clear whether 17 or 18 was the number required to fire him ? 
  the list of people who resigned include people like the governor of valencia ( ximo puig ) , the governor of castille-la mancha ( emiliano garc\u00eda page ) and former minister of defense ( carme chacon ) among others . 
  it is rumoured that current governor of andalusia susana d\u00edaz is the candidate sanchez 's critics would present , but she has n't said anything . 
  also yesterday former psoe prime minister felipe gonzalez said he was promised by sanchez that they would abstain , and that he felt betrayed . 
  sanchez answered with : `` gonzalez is in the abstention side . 
  in which side is susana d\u00edaz ? 
  ( the candidate who is thought his critics would present ) '' not sure how my summary is , but anyways :p, 
  wait , what language do we speak ? 
  russian or what ? 
  yeah , i also agree as well . 
  though i 'll admit my id photos are taken with glasses on ( i ca n't see well without them ) ; but i have no problem on taking them off . 
  they also should have no problems either . 
  reminds me of cc over here ( though cc is also helped by a terrible electoral system ), 
  spain internal struggles in the psoe and podemos and we have regional elections in galicia and the basque country today . 
  also , more government talks that lead to nothing . 
  where i live ( las palmas ) selling alcohol is forbidden between 22:00 and 8:00 . 
  bars and pubs are still allowed to serve , but you ca n't buy alcohol yourself ( though some stores do n't care about the prohibition ) no idea if this applies to all of spain though , or just my city ( i do know other alcohol laws are on a town by town basis ; like whether it 's allowed to drink on the street or not . 
  well , over here we do get some municipalities with 100 % turnout , but they are the ones with like 100 people at most, 
  to be fair , madrid also had almost everything built already for 2020 and it went to tokyo instead : /, 
  on the other hand though england is much more populated than any of the us states ( iirc it 's something like california + texas ? ), 
  what i do find surprising is andalusia gaining population when they have the highest unemployment rate in the country . 
  [ semi-relevant polandball comic ] ( https://i.imgur.com/emy5dhq.png ) replace turkey with the uk, 
  if they do so , inflation happens . 
  see : venezuela, 
  are n't they available in canada though ? 
  this is a terrible idea for the same reasons as the soviet politburo . 
  it 's just undemocratic . 
  good morning !, 
  ( more like good afternoon already it 's 14:00 already over here ) just waiting for the bus after finishing a day of college over here , 
  really ? 
  grinding is very common here ( usually called `` perreo '' ) ; even among british tourists, 
  no idea about finland , but that is n't that rare here in spain ; especially among old people . 
  wait , ca n't norwegian politicians just resign ? 
  ( i 'd definitely seize the unexpecet opportunity to be mayor or something though ), 
  sadly , valls would still be a better prime minister than our current candidates :( ( only one has positive approval ratings , but he is on fourth place anyways ), 
  wait , what ? 
  do n't romanians have the right to live everywhere in the eu yet ? 
  ( reciently though , most came here before that ), 
  yup . 
  even nk has elections , with no less than 3 parties in their `` congress '' !, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/supreme_people%27s_assembly ~ ~ north ~ ~ best korean democracy  us democracy confirmed xd, 
  the problem is that it 's unconstitutional . 
  so yeah , a non binding vote could probably be held anyways ( it 's not much more than a large poll ) . 
  but imagine if catalonia votes for independence , what should we do then ? 
  you could say reform the constitution and allow them to leave , but reforming that part constitution ( it 's on the heavily entrenched part ; alongside the monarchy , madrid being the capital , basic right like freedom of speech , of assembly , etc ) requires a referendum in the entire country ( to be precise : 2/3 on both houses ; snap elections ; 2/3 of both houses again and finally a binding referendum ) . 
  now imagine the rest of spain makes that constitutional reform fail ( not like it could ever be passed seeing how 3/4 major parties are against it ) . 
  we 've now got a serious crisis . 
  catalonia wants to secede but the rest of spain wo n't allow it to . 
  yeah , even the 2 communities where it 's illegal had reasons beyond simply not liking them . 
  in the canary islands bullfighting simply never caught on . 
  it was forbidden in 1990 or so , but the last fight had been like 5 years prior to that . 
  meanwhile , while catalonia did put a bit more of an animal defense argument in 2009 , according to some it was simply to `` cut ties with spain '' ; independence and all . 
  i personally feel it should be a regional issue , not a national one . 
  2 communities ( canary islands and catalonia ) have abolished bullfighting , what 's stopping the rest ? 
  does this mean bulgaria will enter the euro soon ? 
  not to mention the non zero possibility of it getting killed on the us side . 
  trump would definitely not approve it . 
  not sure about hillary though . 
  yeah , seeing all of ryanair 's ideas ; them bringing the old planes to the uk might actually be a blessing :p, 
  well , there 's ceuta and melilla , but we do have a wall there we paid for ourselves ( more like a tall fence , but still ) then again , the situation with migrants over here is still better than during the early and mid 00s . 
  then build the wall [ 10 feet higher ! ], 
  ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qligom24qqc ) ( around 3m for the civilized people ), 
  we will ~ ~ build a wall ~ ~ make babies and have mexico pay for them :p, 
  the sun has n't set yet on the british empire though : https://what-if.xkcd.com/48/, 
  reminds me an awful lot of [ this campaign promise ] ( https://nidalia.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/empleo-impuestos.jpg ) during the 2011 election for some reason . 
  + more employment - less taxes the more employment part is very arguable but i guess it can technically be considered true ( iirc unemployment is at best like 1 % less than in 2011 ) . 
  the less taxes part is directly false . 
  first thing they did when they got power was raise taxes xd though our 2011 situation and germany 's 2016 one have nothing to do with each other . 
  pretty sure germany can pull it off if they wanted . 
  for all what 's worth , if mississippi somehow seceded ( again ) and entered the eu it 'd be 13/28 richest country in the eu , right under italy and above spain . 
  so greece and portugal can into communist ? 
  spain 's system from what i 've heard ( does n't operate where i live after all ; for obvious reasons ) is n't all that bad , other than tickets being outrageously expensive . 
  it 's kind of weird to see elecoral stuff in the street so early before the election though ( here it 's only legal during the last 2 weeks before the election . 
  even worse , by the second election round parties decided to save money and not put anything . 
  looking forward to completely clean streets if we repeat them again . ), 
  are there any other german states voting today as well ? 
  i remember when i went to berlin this summer they had lots of electoral stuff as well : /, 
  reminds me a lot of the `` if [ insert us presidential candidate here , normally trump as of now ] wins i 'm moving to canada '' ( no one moves to mexico though xd ), 
  to be fair , spain will be one of the last countries to leave the eu if it somehow collapses . 
  let me remind you that none of our parties with representation in any kind of regional assembly ( let alone the national parliament ) want to leave the eu . 
  well , i guess there 's the cup in catalonia , but that 's it . 
  assuming she somehow becomes france 's president ( very hard if i understand correctly ) can she even call for a referendum without the approval of the french parliament ? 
  and would the french parliament even approve that ? 
  it definitely is , but for some reason they seem to want to go for it anyways ( they see it as betraying their voters , as they pledged not to help rajoy . 
  however a recient poll showed 66 % of psoe voters prefering rajoy to third elections ) . 
  spanish elections must be held on sundays by law . 
  the 18th was an option ( iirc the psoe has claimed they 'll change the law to put it on that date , but i 'm not sure about that ) the other sundays were the 25th of december , and the 1st of january . 
  waiting until the 8th was too much waiting iirc . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/87/ ), 
  oh , very informative , thanks , 
  actually , his support is rising , not dropping . 
  he 'd benefit from a third round of elections probably . 
   you missed upn ( union of the navarrese people , anti-basque regional party in navarre ) and foro asturias ( asturian regionalist party ) as rajoy supporters oh , sure i forgot about them . 
  i though they were n't on the mixed group ( at least foro is n't iirc ; i totally forgot about upn )  leftist , sure , but podemos most definitely is not in the far left .
