   on wednesday of this week , a similar vehicle was seen on a street leading to the united nations headquarters in manhattan . 
  the bright orange bus also passed in front of trump tower , through times square , columbus circle and near the rockefeller center . 
  but the english-language message also omits the words `` penis '' and vulva . ''  `` it 's biology . 
  boys are boys ... and always will be . 
  girls are girls ... and always will be . 
  you ca n't change sex . 
  respect all . 
  sign now to defend freedom of speech , '' reads the text on the side of the bus . 
   the initiative is backed by citizengo , the larger group that hazte o\u00edr belongs to , as well as by the international organization for the family and the national organization for marriage , which is known in the us for its anti-lgbt campaigns . 
  its president , brian brown , has said that `` gender can not be changed based on emotions and feelings . ''  but the message has already encountered opposition by local groups , which are calling it the hate bus . 
   `` free speech is a constitutional right , but language has consequences that must be considered . 
  trans-youth already have an extremely high risk for violence , discrimination , and suicide . 
  broadcasting a message that erases and denies the reality that transgender and intersex children and youth exist is irresponsible , factually misleading , disrespectful , and dangerous . 
  this vehicle is part of the reason trans youth are driven to suicide , '' said jessica stern of outright action international , a human rights group , on its website . 
   now hazte o\u00edr , which is headed by spaniard ignacio arsuaga , wants to take the bus to boston , philadelphia and washington dc . 
  i guess kinda like lehendakari vs whatever basque uses for the other 16 presidents ? 
  i thought the bbc was well respected ? 
  ( admittedly a tv channel , not a newspaper but still ), 
  sure , but that does not apply . 
  the aznar government did handle the attack terribly ( to the point where they lost the election ) , but zapatero was definitely the `` softer on terrorism '' candidate back then compared to rajoy . 
  to be fair there 's not always a rally with the flag effect . 
  after the 04 madrid bombings for example pm aznar was definitely not more popular . 
  in fact those attacks turned a expected 4 point conservative victory into a 5 point left wing one , costing then deputy pm rajoy the election . 
  yeah , i actually thought he was warning europe against terrorism, 
  never thought i 'd say this , but erdogan is right, 
  not really , they were losing by 4 points or so . 
  ended up winning by 5, 
  yeah , though iirc happening before a national election ( as opposed to something international ) was actually one of the arguments used to say it was eta instead of al qaeda, 
  are n't there taxes on empty houses to encourage owners to rent them ? 
  south sudan ? 
  hell , is n't the former east prussia border visible on maps of poland ? 
  and that was what , 80 years ago ? 
  and the day after rockerfeller died, 
  yep . 
  iirc the 04 madrid bombings were done something like 1000 days or 911 days after 9/11, 
  to be fair , i meant by population , but yes . 
  10.8 million vs 10.3 for portugal, 
  oh , sure , by left of centre i meant someone that would be s&d or further in the european parliament . 
  since macron is new , he has n't joined anything yet . 
   it 's part of their official program , an app you can use nationwide to use transportation systems . 
  nice idea but there 's much bigger fish to fry . 
  that seems like something you 'd do at the local level , not nationally tbh, 
   bermuda coalition ( cdu , fdp , afd ) is that called like that because it 'd sink instantly , like ships lost in the bermuda triangle ? 
  interestingly , if schulz does n't win and hamon/melenchon do n't win ( although they do n't have a shot anyways ) either , the largest eu country with a left of center government will be greece !, 
  yeah , i can see it working kinda like the left here , where men vote for podemos ( i guess the equivalent would be linke ? ), 
  and women vote for psoe ( think spd ), 
  oh , so the data was fom 2012 i see . 
  that 's the islam party . 
   as an anecdote , one woman who i 'm acquainted who cleans at a local business can speak english enough to get by , but is n't amazing -- i believe that she was born in some other country . 
  she 's much more-comfortable speaking in spanish . 
  her daughter speaks english as well as anyone else , as best i can tell , but can also drop into spanish to talk to her mom , and while i ca n't judge spanish fluency as well as english , she seems to do okay with spanish too . 
   i 'd guess that this is kinda what a lot of people 's situation looks like -- that is , in the home , they speak spanish because it 's harder for their not-born-in-the-us parents to do english , but outside of the home , they would normally use english . 
  to be fair , if you learned both languages as a kid ( say , mum speaks spanish and dad english for example ) it 's not that hard to pick up 2 languages at native level . 
  we 've got literally millions of dual catalan/spanish ; basque/spanish and galician/spanish speakers here , who control both languages more or less equally . 
  ca n't see why the us would be different with english/spanish, 
  actually , is n't there a party that wants to implant sharia law in belgium represented in brussels ' town hall ? 
  fillon vs le pen is looking closer and closer to the point where a polling mistake would mean president le pen . 
  then again i can sort of see why . 
  i guess parts of the left would turn out for le pen , preferring racism over austerity and cuts . 
  granted , the most likely scenario is macron vs le pen but still . 
  also surprised to see melenchon pulling ahead of hamon . 
  does he have a chance of getting to the 2nd round ? 
  i think a le pen vs melenchon 2nd round would be interesting to see xd, 
  yeah , it has a nice mix of news and other stuff to avoid turning into / r/worldnews 2 . 
  i do say that when a shitposts chain becomes popular it 's a bit annoying , but whatever, 
  of course sweden is doing that . 
  those having children are all somalian inmigrants !, 
  maybe we would get pensions if they were n't a ponzi scheme ? 
  but the canary islands , the azores and madeira are . 
  the eu is weird : / source : am canary islander , we are totally in the eu, 
  yeah . 
  many times when i see a map it feels like / r/mapswithoutnz but with us :(, 
  - ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u2572 ___ \u5350\u5350\u5350\u5350 do n't mind me just taking my dutch for a walk, 
  not everything was great though . 
  inflation increased leading to the 1917 strike, 
  for all what 's worth the esa reciently did their first space `` milestone '' ; landing on an asteroid ( rosetta iirc ) . 
  it 's the first space `` milestone '' not done by nasa or the ussr . 
  you could always give him some [ reddit silver ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f0iu0xe.jpg ), 
  i thought that was the 23rd of june ? 
  like ? 
  is say , montilla or mas also called `` molt honorable '' ? 
  friendly reminder that podemos has a lot more than 1 councillor . 
  hell , they even have the mayor !, 
  it technically is legal , but it 'd have to be non binding so if independence won we 'd still need a huge constitutional reform . 
  sure , but 15 % unemployment is still less than the national average . 
  well , they are a national party after all , they ca n't just go ahead and campaign for leave . 
  that 'd be as if say , labour had campaigned for scotland to leave back in 2014 . 
  i do think the catalan branch is a bit more open towards it , but i get lost with all the parties that form unidos podemos there xd ( there are like 4 or 5 of them , all with very slight differences ) . 
  however , the national figures need to have a `` we must do a referendum but we do n't want catalonia to leave '' position if they want to get votes everywhere else . 
   are you really saying that being against that eu constitution is the same as being against the eu ? 
  well , those 2 referendums are the closest things we got to an eu referendum . 
  it 's definitely not fueled by the same feelings as say , the recient populist right anti eu movements , but it 's still there . 
   no , not at all . 
  only a party with under 10 % of votes is against the eu . 
  which is still 10 % more than in any other autonomous community . 
  the cup is the only anti eu party with representation in an autonomous community legislature . 
  no other place has an anti eu party represented ,, 
  oh , i do n't doubt that . 
  i 'm just saying the data points towards catalonia being less pro eu than the national average , but it still is very high . 
  probably podemos .
