  if i 'm not mistaken , he pushed for banning slavery of native americans in the spanish territories or something like that . 
  then either they started importing african slaves , or they did n't listen to him , so it was all in the end for nothing : /, 
  actually , castille-leon is quite cold , especially in winter . 
  it can easily reach negative temperatures in places like soria . 
  junker is far from left though . 
  he 's probably centre-right . 
  i do n't know who would be plain left really . 
  maybe tsipras , pablo iglesias and company ? 
  we 're talking about the eussr , 
  that 's pretty much the current situation in spain actually : /, 
  i 'd say the best option for the uk to combat junker & co is not leaving . 
  it 's staying , then voting for ukip or similar ( maybe the conservatives could do too ? ), 
  on the 2019 euro parliament elections, 
  technically no , at least from what i understand ( after all , they wanted the entirety of the text to be ammendable , even if it was easier to ammend some areas than others ) . 
  here 's what the constitution says : part x : constitutional amendment section 166 the right to propose a constitutional amendment shall be exercised under the provisions of section 87 , subsections 1 and 2 . 
  section 167 1 . 
  bills on constitutional amendments must be approved by a majority of three - fifths of members of each house . 
  if there is no agreement between the houses , an effort to reach it shall be made by setting up a joint committee of an equal number of members of congress and senators which shall submit a text to be voted on by the congress and the senate . 
  if approval is not obtained by means of the procedure outlined in the foregoing subsection , and provided that the text has been passed by the overall majority of the members of the senate , the congress may pass the amendment by a two-thirds vote in favour . 
  once the amendment has been passed by the cortes generales , it shall be submitted to ratification by referendum , if so requested by one tenth of the members of either house within fifteen days after its passage . 
  section 168 1 . 
  if a total revision of the constitution is proposed , or a partial revision thereof , affecting the introductory part , chapter ii , division 1 of part i , or part ii , the principle of the proposed reform shall be approved by a two-thirds majority of the members of each house , and the cortes generales shall immediately be dissolved . 
  the houses elected thereupon must ratify the decision and proceed to examine the new constitutional text , which must be passed by a two-thirds majority of the members of each house . 
  once the amendment has been passed by the cortes generales , it shall be submitted to ratification by referendum . 
  section 169 the process of constitutional amendment may not be initiated in time of war or under any of the states contemplated in section 116 i do n't really see anything protecting that section : /, 
  having a higher threshold would probably cause riots at spanish universities . 
  most people fail a lot of subjects , and the grades are brutal ( tons of failures ), 
  western europeans ? 
  probably are indeed welcome . 
  eastern europeans ? 
  slightly less , but still better than arab inmigrants . 
  to be fair , i always thought the general consensus was something like : western europeans       eastern europeans  latin americans                african and middle eastern people, 
  well , i guess he meant right wing left wing as in tories/labour ; psoe/pp ; ps/ump , etc to be fair , former socialist parties going to the right has been a trend all over europe . 
  however , not all countries have developed a far right movement ( look at portugal or spain ) . 
  most countries have apparently though , the 2 iberian nations seem the exception rather than the norm, 
  well , for my own city ( las palmas de gran canaria , canary islands ) ; the most likely equivalent is probably a city in hawaii ( honolulu ? ), 
  actually , if you compare the 2 regions ( hawaii and canary islands ) they do n't seem that different to me on first glance ( i 'm probably wrong though xd ), 
  well , turnout is much lower than in national elections indeed :p ( iirc it 's like 40 % vs 70 % on general elections ), 
  to be fair , most people ( at least here ) vote based on national issues , not eu ones . 
  well , it really depends on the country . 
  france for example has a pretty powerful far right party ( the fn ) . 
  on the other hand just south of that neither spain nor portugal have significant far right movements , so yeah ; really depends on where you are talking . 
  well , there are left wing governments in france , portugal and greece :p, 
  plus , hitler was austrian too !, 
  the one with the 7 stars in the middle . 
  the lighter shade of blue is because it helps to differentiate the stars , but i 've seen some flags with the lighter blue and no stars ( never in official buildings though ), 
  basically ban ki moon says it 's an internal spanish matter , so he ca n't comment on the issue . 
  later he says there is indeed a list of places without self government , and with the right to autodetermination , but adds that catalonia is not on the list . 
  fine , here it is ( spanish source though ) : http://www.elmundo.es/espana/2015/10/30/5633b14cca4741b21d8b4614.html, 
  the un has said catalonia does n't fulfill the requirement for right to self-determination though, 
  to be fair , you are mostly right . 
  still , the constitution also has some quite left leaning articles too ( it was also approved by communists , so i guess they had to get some concessions ) , like `` the wealth of the country is subjected to the general interest '' or `` all citizens have the right to a decent home . 
  the state shall regulate the use of terrain according to the general interest to avoid speculation '' ( this article sounds like a joke considering the housing bubble xd ) though to be fair , it 's mostly the right wing articles that are applied , at least more than the left wing ones . 
  as for why the constitution was changed in less than 48 hours , but not now , it 's because the `` unidad de la patria '' stuff is on the more protected section ( alongside the monarchy and the fundamental rights , like freedom of speech for example ) . 
  all former reforms just required either 3/5ths of both the congress and the senate , or the absolute majority of the senate + 2/3rds of congress ; plus a referendum if at least 35 congressmen or 25 senators ask for it ( it has never happened ) . 
  a hypothetical reform to allow independence referendums would require 2/3rds of both chambers ( so , impossible , as the pp has a third of congress , and an absolute majority in the senate ) . 
  this would approve an initial draft . 
  then new elections are called and the new text has to be approved by 2/3rds of both houses . 
  finally , it has to pass a referendum . 
  quite frankly , if we were to use this route , we might as well make a new constitution , that also asks for other hot issues ( like , for example monarchy/republic ) though technically you could get around this by reforming how the constitution is reformed , then reforming it . 
  still , there 's no reason to at least give them a non binding referendum . 
  except they were never conquered by muslims . 
  if anything , they have more in common with latin american countries than with the former al andalus, 
  actually they are still down there if you scroll down to where they really are xd no , they have n't sunk into the ocean and created a tsunami that would destroy the us east coast . 
  to be fair , canarian independentists ( all 3 of them at least ) use a very hard to differentiate from the actual flag flag . 
  in fact , it 's so hard to differentiate ( and people care so little ) , that even non independentists ( but nationalists ) like cc use it . 
  i guess this pic should answer your question : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-mljizbqeadm/ufh4pemyr8i/aaaaaaaaaie/huexbqfwkum/s1600/todos+somos+catalanes.jpg, 
  the problem is , the spanish constitution is very clear on that issue ( it 's in article 2 actually ) , so while technically a referendum * could * be made , it 'd have to be a non-binding one , which people might not take seriously . 
  that and only podemos out of the 4 main parties is in favour of a referendum ( though they 've said they 'd campaign for remain anyways ) . 
  all the others are completely opposed . 
  at least on that report they are counted differently . 
  since it 's based on data from the national statistics institute , i 'm guessing they are counted differently, 
  worst of all , those are the boys ' names xd, 
  and mohammed :p ( though , to be fair , it 's ceuta , that 's expectable really ), 
  fun fact , actually one of the balearic islands ( menorca ) was indeed british for a while . 
  iirc carlos iii managed to reconquer it , but failed in gibraltar . 
  oh well , i 'd still swap ceuta and melilla for gibraltar . 
  come on , 2 for the price of 1 :d, 
  well , here on the canary islands it is indeed sunny 24/7 :d ^ hence ^ the ^ hordes ^ of ^ germans ^ and ^ british, 
  youtube comments in any video with the spaniard dub are hilarious really xd, 
  it was published yesterday : /, 
  iirc there are lots of people working on the black market ( without a job contract ) , so the real number is probably a bit lower . 
  probably still above 15 % though . 
  gross from what i understand, 
  well , that 's definitely more literal . 
  however , ; i feel colegas is more informal tjan colleagues : /, 
  of course i can  it 's an spanish article just explaining the data on the map though . 
  title is really cool though : `` spaniards earn 355 less euros a month than our european bros '' http://www.elmundo.es/economia/2016/05/18/573c5fab468aebdc768b45ad.html also , it seems those are brute salaries , before tax . 
  real ones are probably lower . 
  learn geography man :p ( though i guess you * could * make your way with intuition ) though , fine , the countries you posted : francia = france finlandia = finland, 
  it 's average salary , not median . 
  average , not median . 
  as in , the rich make the numbers higher . 
  yeah , let 's invite andorra into the eu !, 
  now the catalan language will be represented :d, 
  apparently a group has submitted a constitution draft to the catalan parliament . 
  it wo n't go anywhere , but i guess it 's curious to see what kind of government the independentists want : / also , i do n't know catalan , so the only thing i can do is link to google traductor . 
  :( i do n't know if this will work fine ( it will probably be horribly mistranslated ) : https://translate.googleusercontent.com/translate_c?act=url&amp;depth=1&amp;hl=es&amp;ie=utf8&amp;prev=_t&amp;rurl=translate.google.es&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://www.elperiodico.com/es/noticias/politica/constitucion-catalana-texto-completo-pdf-5123613&amp;usg=alkjrhiz717ws2jb2diyc6fncysbuzyhlg edit : wow , actually the text is mostly readable :o really surprising considering it 's in legalese, 
  well , i 'm from one of the exclusively spanish speaking regions of the country ( canary islands ) . 
  but yeah , you are totally right .
