  also , my intention was n't to shit on america , sorry if it felt that way . 
  oh well , still better than us dollars imo, 
  i for one , would welcome our new american overlords ( they ca n't be worse than what we have now tbh ), 
  that 's roughly on [ spain 's level ] ( http://economia.elpais.com/economia/2015/06/24/actualidad/1435137971_730270.html ) . 
  ( median salary is 19k $ , average 22k $ ) in fact , it 's also where they fit in gdp per capita . 
  eu : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita us : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_gdp_per_capita, 
  actually , if mississipi were an eu state , it would richer than most eu states . 
  i 'd be right between spain and italy . 
  it 'd be number 13/29 or 12/28 , depending on whether you count the uk or not . 
  i ca n't find ppp data though , so in reality , as us prices are generally higher than eu ones , it should be a bit lower ( still probably around average ), 
  rajoy is talking to all parties in order to get a coalition , even if it 's only for the prime minister vote . 
  there are mostly 2 different possibilities to get a government ( with lots of variations ) : - pp+a bstention of psoe + ( optionally cs , either an abstention or a favourable vote ) - pp+c s + nationalist parties ( catalan , basque or canarian ; most likely the last 2 , but they fall 1 seat short of a majority ) . 
  so the us is actually like us in that regard , except with low unemployment ? 
  well , hispantv is owned by the iranian government : / https://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hispantv, 
  yeah , pablo iglesias actually has a weekly tv programme on an iranian station xd, 
  yeah , iirc , the same happened with gibraltar , but that really does n't stop the spanish and argentinian govermments of claiming those places . 
  soo , basically like pablo iglesias here ? 
  people in the end will end up not caring . 
  to be fair , i 've been wondering what would happen if say , next month , all eu countries voted on staying or leaving . 
  which countries would choose to leave ? 
  sounds a lot like spanish, 
  i actually hope we do n't take a bailout , that only will make things worse ( see : greece ) . 
  rajoy managed not to take one once ; i hope he manages it again . 
  hell , even if we actually needed one , i 'd prefer defaulting . 
  yeah . 
  even without a government in sight , thanks to the uk we actually look stable by comparison xd, 
  but i thought climate change was a hoax made by china !, 
  to be fair , i would actually be proud of french workers defending their rights no matter what , especially since it 's a left wing government that betrayed them . 
  then again , it 's not like the government will listen either . 
  they really should not pass the law and listen to the workers for once . 
  actually , i love a measure venezuela has . 
  if enough signatures are collected , they can call a referendum for the people to decide if their president should continue or not . 
  in fact , they are trying to pull that now against maduro , and actually succeeded in making a vote against ch\u00e1vez ( he won the referendum though ) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/venezuelan_recall_referendum,_2004, 
  not much as far as i can remember : /, 
  i actually participated in that :d it was a really great experience . 
  the actual day in the eu parliament was a bit boring though ( we were in year 9 , did n't really care much about politics ) . 
  however , our school decided to turn that into a week long trip to belgium and strassbourg  ( which meant we had to pay a bit , around 750 $ . 
  totally worth it though ), 
  to be fair , it does n't air on free tv though . 
  actually , a `` best of '' channel from all public broadcasters would be awesome :d . 
  should be a holiday tbh, 
  oddly enough i 'm getting a lot of eu ads in youtube reciently . 
  maybe because of brexit , they want people to know the eu exists ? 
   when was the last time we 've had peace in europe for this long ? 
  probably the xixth century . 
  iirc , there were no wars in europe between like 1815 ( napoleon is defeated ) and 1876 ? 
  ( franco-prussian war ) . 
  if you live outside france and germany , that can be extended to 1914 ( ww1 ) . 
  in my case , you can extend it even more ; up to 1936 ( civil war ) . 
  and if you are swiss , pretty much forever xd, 
  do n't poor people normally just use public transport anyways ? 
  to be fair , did n't volkswagen respect eu regulations , which were a bit more lenient ? 
  i thought swizerland was only in schengen , but not in the free movement area ? 
  ( ie , you can go to swizerland , but to live there you have to get a visa ; and viceversa ? ), 
  not to mention that often dual nationalities might not be recognized by one of the parties . 
  for example , spain apparently recognizes dual nationality with andorra ; but the reverse is n't true , apparently andorra does n't recognize the spanish nationality ( in fact , iirc you have to keep it secret ? ), 
   it 's not that he 's not pc , non-pc is good , it 's that he 's not good at his job . 
  if he was a straight talking , gets-shit-done excellent performer type that would be one thing but he is n't , he 's a clown . 
  this reminds me too much of donald trump for some reason xd ( even though he is almost the opposite of junker in many aspects ), 
  i wish iceland wins , if only to see a country with roughly the same inhabitants as my city win a eurocup . 
  to be fair , it was zapatero who legalized gay marriage , not felipe gonzalez . 
  and the psoe really has n't been dominant since 1990 ; and it 's currently on it 's way to extinction , much like the greek pasok, 
  probably the language both speak ? 
  :p most likely french ( especially in africa ) . 
  maybe spanish as well . 
  iirc actually we were the third country in the world to legalize gay marriage , in 2005 ? 
  ( first was netherlands i believe ), 
  actually , lots of spaniards are leaving the country ( mostly the educated ones ) . 
  last month we broke an emigration record iirc, 
  japan for reference has 3,2 % unenployment and it definitely does not have hyperinflation, 
  well spanish ( if i underatand correctly ) is like 95 % phonetic . 
  but then you have a million different conjugations for each verb and gendered words ( at least no declinations , unlike german ), 
  i think polandball engrish is of bestest language anyways, 
   minister of equality wtf is wrong with the french government ? 
  probably having a left wing government ( they love to do that kind of stuff ) . 
  our left wing government ( 2004-2011 ) had one too . 
  iirc they dismantled it at the end of their last term as a cost saving measure , fusing it with the healthcare ministery . 
  to be fair , i guess i was kinda lucky in that i did n't fully live the change ? 
  ( was 3 or 4 when ptas went the way of the dinosaurs ) in fact , i remember asking my parents as a kid ( around 2004 ) why they thought of everything in pesetas xd, 
  1 euro was 166 pesetas . 
  most people used the 6 $ = 1000 pesetas conversion though . 
  in no particular order 1975-1982 : the transition 1936-1939 : spanish civil war 1898 : spanish american war , loss of the last colonies 1808-1836 ? 
  : independence war + loss of most colonies 1492 : discovery of america ( more like world history , but we still get the claim ) + fall of granada 711 ? 
  : moors conquer the country, 
  on farage 's defense , if he feels britain should n't be part of the eu , never going to the eu parliament is actually a sound decision . 
  actually , does n't a northern irish party already do that ? 
  though to be fair , he should also not take his salary as an mep either, 
  spain does n't recognize kosovo as an independent country iirc ; so probably yes . 
  hell , in fact if i remember correctly spain said they would allow an independent scoland to join the eu , but only if the uk had approved of that independence . 
  doubt madrid will get much tbh . 
  be sure to make someone else pay for it, 
  well , depends on how you look at it . 
  if by outspoken and ardent catalonian/basque you mean some politician from there that fully wants independence , the chances are absolutely 0 % . 
  this is because those kinds of people only present candidates in their respective regions , so they can only get so many seats . 
  for reference , combined , the catalan independentists have 17/350 seats . 
  the basque independentists 2/350 . 
  so yeah , you ca n't become pm with so little support ( think of how the snp could neve get a prime minister in the uk , even if they won all scottish seats ) . 
  if you stretch the definition a bit , and change it to someone that would support a referendum in those regions , even though they 've said they 'd campaign for remain ( sort of like cameron if i understand correctly ? 
  ) , you 'd have to look at pablo iglesias and podemos . 
  they currently have 71/350 seats , and are the number 3 party , so he will not become prime minister with the current parliament .
