  wait , i thought we had one of the best systems not just in europe , but in the world ? 
  at least that 's what we are always told : /, 
  they already did 2 ( one in the 60s and one in 02 ) . 
  they were rejected 100-0 ( so few yes votes that it rounds to 0 % ) and 99-1 respectively, 
  in other words : water is still wet and fire will still burn you, 
  well , in the canary islands they do go that low often , especially in the mountains . 
  i guess portugal is the same , especially near the border with castille-leon ( which is the coldest area in spain ), 
  yeah , the canary islands are way more to the south than any point in mainland europe . 
  looking at a map , a good comparison for macedonia could be catalonia here , and today barcelona is at 11c . 
  still much hotter , but nowhere near 30c, 
  not really , it 's probably one of the cheaper regions to live in in spain , or at least average . 
  we do have a 50 % discount in all flights and ferries going anywhere in spain and a lower vat compared to the rest of the country ( 7 % as opposed to 21 % ) . 
  tobacco and alcohol are much cheaper as well . 
  on the other hand though , groceries and the like are suposedly more expensive than in the mainland as importing stuff is much more expensive , but i do n't notice it that much ( i guess the lower tax offsets that ) . 
  also , buying something through the internet in amazon , ebay or somewhere like that is not worth it , as you 'll have to pay tariffs  .  in fact , some offers do n't apply here precisely for that reason ( not that uncommon to see `` offer only valid in the peninsula and the balearic islands on ads ) the biggest problem does n't seem to me that living is costly , but rather that getting a job is very hard . 
  we have the 2nd largest unemployment rate in the country ( second only to andalucia ) , and really the only important sector seems to be tourism , with everything else at a distant second . 
  yeah , the bad news is that you ca n't really play wow or watch hd video with 1 gb caps like i do ( upgraded to 2gb next month :d ) . 
  i remember using 3g ( not 4g ) to play minecraft once . 
  it ate my data allowance ( 500mb at the time ) in like 30 min or so . 
  yeah , imo of those 10 the eventual winner places on number 8 at most, 
  yeah , the best part of living here is the weather by far . 
  warm winters and warm summers !, 
  sun shining 24/7/365 ( ok , not quite , but still is n't that far from reality ), 
  actually , i 'm spanish and i 'm not skeptical about the 79 % figure at all . 
  another unilateral referendum in 2014 got 80 % in favour of independence : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_self-determination_referendum,_2014 what i 'm skeptical about is the turnout . 
  that one got only 40 % turnout or so . 
  63 % turnout with still that many people in favour of independence is n't really a possibility , as that 's basically almost standard turnout here ( the last general election got 66 % turnout , and the last regional one got 65 % turnout ), 
  oh , my bad then !, 
  i thought it was just some random group of people there . 
  if if has the support of the president then it actually has a decent chance of passing !, 
  ( at least of getting referendums , not sure if all countries would support it ), 
  pretty sure nothing will come out of it unfortunately . 
  it reminds me a bit of the `` catalan constitution '' a bunch of people drafted once . 
  to be fair , taking that part in bold and applying it to the most recient us election would have aparently meant : trump 267 clinton 266 everyone else 5 according to us rules , the house would have decided the election . 
  still unrepresentative , but better than what happened . 
  then again , the eu parliament is already degressively proportional , and it elects the president of the commision . 
  plus , something like that is really the only way for both large and small states to agree . 
  the only alternative i can think of is if there 's an actual eu congress ( 100 % proportional ) and eu senate ( 1 country 1 vote ) and they both elect the president , with both houses having the same amount of power . 
  then we 'd have some sort of `` eu prime minister '' instead of eu president, 
  to be fair , taking that part in bold and applying it to the most recient us election would have aparently meant : trump 267 clinton 266 everyone else 5 according to us rules , the house would have decided the election . 
  still unrepresentative , but better than what happened . 
  then again , the eu parliament is already degressively proportional , and it elects the president of the commision . 
  plus , something like that is really the only way for both large and small states to agree . 
  the only alternative i can think of is if there 's an actual eu congress ( 100 % proportional ) and eu senate ( 1 country 1 vote ) and they both elect the president , with both houses having the same amount of power . 
  then we 'd have some sort of `` eu prime minister '' instead of eu president, 
  on the flip side , [ spain ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4280841.stm ) and [ luxenbourg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luxembourg_european_constitution_referendum,_2005 ) did pass it . 
  yeah , here we have something like 20 channels , with something like 8 in hd ( 3 totally new ones and 5 which are hd versions of sd channels ) . 
  and those are just the national ones . 
  most regions have aditional channels , from 1 or 2 like in my area , to something like 10 in catalonia . 
  if portugal wanted they could get a lot of channels , with only a minimal investment by the government . 
  i meant those that support independence . 
  obviously they are a minority there . 
  what i meant is that those in navarra who want independence want it as part of the extended basque country , not as a truly independent nation, 
  wait , are n't usually leftist parties the ones that want higher taxes ? 
  ( at least for the rich ), 
   oh come on , we are n't that naive . 
  what those separatist movements from richer regions want is to avoid fiscal transfers while keeping their access to the common market . 
  pretty much . 
  even here ( where there 's legitimate cultural reasons ) , the most regions that want independence are richer than average . 
  the only exceptions i can think of are the canary islands and maybe galicia , and their independence movments are jokes anyways ( the only party totally in favour of the canary islands ' independence ; `` unidad del pueblo '' got a whopping 684 votes , or 0.07 % in the 2016 election , and there was no true independentist party in galicia this election ! ) . 
  probably also andalucia , though again their independence movement is a joke, 
  i 'm not totally sure about mallorca , but in valencia at least their independence movement is split between those that want a truly independent valencia and those that want to become part of a larger catalan nation . 
  navarra is almost 100 % people that want to join the larger basque country though ( which also includes 2 small regions in france ), 
  ok , so i took the comparison . 
  in exactly one month ( 3rd of february ) , a madrid-barcelona ticket ( almost 500 km ) will cost : * 50 $ at ungodly hours ( 6:00 ) with the ave high speed train ( 3h ) * 75 $ at a more normal hour ( 17:40 ) with the ave high speed train ( 3 h ) * 40 $ with the standard train ( 9h 20min !, 
  not recommended xd ) meanwhile , a comparable distance if slightly longer in the uk ( london-edimburgh ) will take : * 40 pounds ( 47 $ ) at an ungodly hour ( 6:15 ) ( 5h trip ) * 68 pounds ( 80 $ ) at a normal hour ( 14:00 ) ( 4h 20 min trip ) it does n't seem to me like the uk is that much more expensive than spain at least . 
  we do get more for the same amount of money though , but on the flip side the uk route i took was longer . 
  it seems we have more quality , but more expensive : / ( unless you are willing to stay 9 hours on a terrible regional train of course ), 
  somewhere between sp and pvv for me how are they ? 
  yeah we should probably retake the rosillon while we are at it anyways . 
  the uk can take brettany , and germany alsace-lothringen xd, 
  iirc it was cancelled on the portuguese side . 
  the spanish side is supposedly continuing construction all the way to the border in badajoz , but it 's probably not a priority anymore, 
  to be fair , i thought the other connexion to portugal ( vigo-oporto ) works much better ? 
  but yeah , 11h between madrid and lisbon is ridiculous . 
  it 's not even a daytime train , it only departs at night !, 
  the bus is probably a better option for that route !, 
  yeah , barcelona in particular is surrounded by mountains so expanding would probably be hard, 
  that 's actually very interesting seeing how catalonia ( northeast spain ) is actually one of the more left wing regions here !, 
  here in the canary islands we have mostly constant nice weather , around 20c in winter ( minimum at 16c ) and 28c in summer ( maximum at 33c ) , but that does break your rule : /, 
  i guess we could have a dual capital in both madrid and barcelona ? 
  that setup seems to work mostly fine here in the canary islands ( where both las palmas de gran canaria and santa cruz de tenerife are capitals at the same time ) . 
  they are n't . 
  i 'd either extend that to all 17 ccaa ( though making sure extremadura and the like are n't left behind ) or remove it . 
  both options seem fine to me, 
  to be fair , i would go all the way and change spain into something more like `` the united states of spain '' , giving the central government only a very specific set of powers , with everything else for the other 17 states . 
  ( the former ccaa ) . 
  add to that a way to get independence , but a very convoluted one ( 3/5 to 2/3 of the state assembly plus 55 % on a referendum sounds right to me ), 
  people against independence did n't really turn out for that one though ( that one was boycotted by all parties against independence ) assuming turnout in a real referendum would be 80 % ( as opposed to the 40 % that one got ) and that people who did n't vote then voted for no-no , it would have been defeated 60-40 . 
  more realistically some people who did n't vote would have voted for yes , bringing the result to something like 55-45 , not unlike scotland, 
  what about a minority government like us ? 
  yeah , i was thinking more of portugal and greece than spain/italy ( especially not something like northern italy ), 
  wait , would they have joined the uk proper , or just remained a weird sort of colony like gibraltar or the channel islands ? 
  fun fact , they already did that once : https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/cant%c3%b3n_de_cartagena during the first republic apparently everyone got fed up and decided to declare independence, 
   5 ) the snp still wo n't have set a date for their currently hypothetical 2nd scottish independence referendum . 
  they should just copy the catalan government then , where their scheduled date for independence is always current date +18 months, 
  any chance the netherlands get repeated elections or a minority wilders government like us ? 
  yeah , for all what 's worth the better off countries of eastern europe are already on par with the poorer ones of western europe ( mostly southern europe ) . 
  yeah , that would be the biggest hurdle ( not only the spanish government would have to agree , but also the regional one , as it 's a nature reserve handled at the regional level ) . 
  i guess if it 's paid well enough they might consider it , but that seems the toughest challenge .
