  then deport them once the war is over ? 
  or alternatively pay one of syria 's neighbours for the costs of the camps there ? 
  well , is n't dacia a romanian car company and skoda a czech one ? 
  also , was n't skype designed by estonians ? 
  not much sure , but still . 
  poortugal can into east ftfy :p, 
  i found 2 : * retirement age is kept like it is now , but money thrown at pensions is fixed at current levels forever . 
  has the disadvantage of ever decreasing pensions ( say hello to 300 $ pensions in 2100 , which considering inflation will be nothing ) . 
  * we only allow a certain amont of people to be retired at once ( say , 20 % of the population ) . 
  has the disadvantage of ever increasing retirement ages ( say hello to a retirement age of 80 in 2100 ) . 
  imo , one of these 3 things will happen no matter what if population declines : * money thrown at pensions will increase forever * retirement age will keep increasing * pensions will become lower and lower probably all 3 at the same time . 
  imo we could solve the pension system without increasing inmigration . 
  there are tons of ideas . 
  i personally favour what i call a `` variable retirement age '' . 
  so say , allowing only x % of the population to be in retirement and receiving a pension . 
  of course this has the disadvantage of ever increasing retirement ages . 
  another could be one where pensioners always get x % of the budget , but no matter the number of pensioners , that number stays fixed . 
  again , this has the problem of ever decreasing pensions ( so by the end they are just a help , probably being impossible to live off your pension ) . 
  probably with a system where older pensioners get more than younger ones since they can take better care of themselves . 
  except greece has an unemployment rate of 23 % and spain an unemployment rate of 19 % . 
  so why not get spaniards or greeks instead of african and middle eastern so-called refugees ? 
  and even then automation can probably solve the problem just fine . 
   how do microstates ( liechtenstein , malta , monaco and the like ) survive these days ? 
  economically speaking of course . 
  they seem to be alive and kicking with no sign of disappearing any time soon . 
  what 's the secret ? 
  i do n't know about the others , but andorra is basically a self governing ski resort these days , that doubles as a tax heaven . 
  liechtenstein is also a dual tax heaven and ski resort . 
  as for the rest luxenbourg is also probably a tax heaven , while malta probably lives off tourism . 
  vatican city has the pope and monaco is full of rich people for some reason . 
  plus probably tourism the only one i 'm really baffled as to how it survives is san marino . 
  to be fair , had the republic won the war there was quite a high chance of spain becoming communist ( or maybe anarcho-syndicalist ) . 
  then again there was a big chance of hitler invading spain as well , turning the argument worthless . 
  a communist spain probably declares war on germany when they invade the ussr , and germany either blitzkriegs its way through spain ( turning it into a pile of rubble after 2 wars in less than 5 years ) or gets stopped by spain somehow . 
  for all what 's worth even though the crisis hit us hard , we seem to be safe . 
  our politicians might be corrupt , but at least they are not authoritarian  although catalonia is pulling some authoritarian moves because of the independence movement , in a `` the end justifies the means '' way , but that 's another story, 
  well , our salaries * are * quite low indeed , with the median salary probably being below 20 000 $ anually . 
  however we also do have good vacation time and benefits , definitely more than americans do . 
  other than the local , i only know 2 others that are banned : breitbart and buzzfeed . 
  if i had to guess i 'd say infowars is almost certainly banned as well . 
  for all what 's worth i just checked the spanish version of the local and it was pretty good . 
  it covered most of the news more or less fine . 
  and while sure , it has some clickbaity articles or headlines , it did n't feel like `` fake news '' to me . 
  for all what 's worth i do n't think we have that many outlets covering spain in english . 
  the only other one i can think of is [ el pais ' english edition ] ( https://elpais.com/elpais/inenglish.html ) which leaves out lots of stuff from the spanish version , sometimes important stuff ( like the firing of some catalan ministers for example ) . 
  yeah , they are extremely clickbaity , but on the other hand many times they are the only english outlet to cover a national story . 
  granted , since / r/europe does allow for submissions in languages other than english this is not as big of a problem but it 's still an ok outlet if you want to cover a certain story and do n't want to give people the link in your language . 
  so we should be mailing us senators against net neutrality so it gets passed out of spite ? 
  to be fair if you spend your data cap your speed does get throttled a lot . 
  so unless the zero rating services are also throttled i still view it as unfair . 
  zero rating in general is anti net neutrality really . 
  same way as any other part of spain . 
  still eu territory for 95 % of things . 
  the hard part would be getting a job ( 2nd or 3rd highest unemployment in spain , with an economy extremely dependent on tourism ) . 
  but it 's no harder than moving to say , madrid , other than flights being longer . 
  / r/mapswithoutcanaryislands ? 
  anyways , we are not lava thankfully  max of between 21 and 31 depending on the area . 
  rip / u/mr _ ziggler :( press f to pay respects, 
   both major parties in parliament called for mps to vote based on what the party wanted and not how the mps wanted to to be fair , is n't that the standard procedure in many places ? 
  at least over here voting against your party is an easy way to get yourself expelled , thus almost certainly losing your seat on the next election unless you know what you are doing . 
  apparently it 's recognized by more than 100 countries as well as the 28 eu member states for a total of at least 129 countries ( 28 + `` more than 100 others , ie 101 ) , but no real number is given . 
  if it was recognized by 129 countries and all those 129 allowed visa free access it would be somewhat powerful actually , ranking at 25th , just below uruguay and just above the united arab emirates and saint kitts and nevis . 
  for all what 's worth here in spain the big divide between old and young voters is not just pure political preference ( left vs right ) , but more of a preference for old parties ( pp/psoe ) or new parties ( podemos/cs ) , with young voters prefering the new parties and old voters voting for the old established parties . 
  then again considering that on the left-right spectrum podemos is further left than psoe and cs is further left than pp you could argue that young voters are slightly more leftist than their parents , but i 'm not totally convinced, 
  for all what 's worth here in spain we only really learn spanish history in detail ( and even then only really since the 19th century up until the mid 80s ) . 
  in late years ( years 11 and 12 ) world history is optional . 
  as for all other years , well the only other times we learned about modern history were year 10 and year 6 . 
  in the first we got up to ww1 or so ( though that was partially because of the teacher but even then i doubt we 'd have gone much further than the early cold war ) . 
  in the second case we got a bit further but still only to the aftermath of ww2 . 
  does reddit even allow for temporary bans ? 
  ( other than maybe the mods putting a note saying `` remind me to unban this person in 3 days '' or the like ) all bans i 've received have been perma-bans . 
  though only twice i 've received the `` you have been banned '' message . 
  most of the time it 's just me being unable to post because i dared to post in another unpopular subreddit . 
  worst offender seems to be / r/offmychest but there are probably many others , and many i do n't even know i 'm banned in !, 
  as of 2017 . 
  you do n't see pnv arguing for independence these days like in the mid 00s , and bildu is small-ish compared to it . 
  yeah , but not on the same scale . 
  catalan nationalists ( terra lliure ) killed one man apparently . 
  canarian nationalists ( mpaiac ) also have killed one once . 
  but nothing on the scale of eta with hundreds of dead, 
  to be fair that was only basque nationalism . 
  all other nationalists have rarely if ever killed people . 
  catalan nationalists are the most radical they 've ever been and still not terrorists . 
  same goes for canarian , cantabrian , valencian , etc nationalists, 
  so , pensions are a ponzi scheme . 
  got it, 
  thanks obama . 
  nah , those are forced to drive on the [ swindon magic roundabout ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/staticarchive/e4f1fc1f25b0b67060fb30615bbcd2fc52e4a4bb.jpg ) for eternity , literally the incarnation of the circles of hell . 
  [ this but unironically ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/022/019/most.jpg ), 
  to be fair , maybe a communist spain gets invaded by hitler and liberated by the allies later ? 
  that would lead to a happy ending in 1945 , albeit at the cost of literally a decade of war turning spain into a pile of rubble . 
  does n't sound too bad to me . 
  then lybia deports them to whichever country they belong to . 
  ( bribe some guards if necessary ) . 
  even cheaper than detention centers handled by the eu !, 
  why has n't that idea been offered before ? 
  illegal inmigrants go to prisions in lybia , who then deports them . 
  eu bribes/pays the adecuate people to do so . 
  yeah , iirc only now are the richest eastern european countries catching up to the poorest western ones . 
  iirc the richest eastern european countries are now roughly as rich as portugal .
