  actually , when spain and portugal were united for like 50 years in the late xvi th century , there were serious talks to move the capital to lisbon . 
  in fact , from the time 's perspective , lisbon definitely would have been a better capital than madrid ( hell , even seville would have been better ; or maybe habana if they wanted to keep the empire ), 
  fun fact : in my city ( las palmas ) one of the 2 major shopping streets is named triana xd, 
  to be fair , our 1981 coup did nothing to help the hated government at the time . 
  the socialist opposition won the 1982 elections . 
  doubt that will happen in turkey unfortunately though, 
  yeah , our coup looks like kids games compared to this one, 
  the only 24/7 news channel we have xd though i guess you can always listen to cadena ser or rne if you do n't mind radio instead of tv, 
  there 's a common conspiracy theory saying our 1981 coup was a self coup by the government to save the king , but this one is much worse than ours . 
  i kind of hope it is n't from erdogan , as that 'd mean he is ready to kill people to gain power ( for reference , no one died in the 23f coup ), 
  holy shit , this makes our 1981 coup look like nothing in comparison :( hope turkey ends up well in the end, 
  catalan independence breaks many articles of the spanish constitution , the most notable being article 2 : the constitution is based on the ** indissoluble unity of the spanish nation ** , the common and indivisible country of all spaniards ; it recognises and guarantees the right to autonomy of the nationalities and regions of which it is composed , and the solidarity amongst them all . 
  there are a few loopholes tha can lower the threshold for reform , or make basque ( but not catalan ) independence easier , but it would still remain a longshot . 
  as for scotland , the spanish government has said they wo n't block scotland entering the eu if the uk is fine with scotland leaving . 
  however , if they do secession unilaterally , they 'll block scotland from entering . 
  actually , the reason why catalonia ( or the basque country ) are n't given a referendum is because a binding one would be illegal without serious constitution reform ( 2/3rds of each chamber , new elections , 2/3rds of each newly elected chamber again and finally a referendum in the entire country ) . 
  we might as well do another constitution from scratch , and fix everything else wrong with it ( like say , becoming a republic ) a non binding one could be done legally ( podemos is actually in favour , probably the reason why they won in catalonia and the basque country ) . 
  however , if leave won , we would be seriously screwed . 
  the post brexit lock would be nothing ing comparison . 
  catalonia would want to leave , but the rest of the country probably wo n't allow them : /, 
  ok , muslim extremists then : /, 
  for comparison , eta killed 800 people in spain ( starting from franco 's death ; 1975-2010 ) , or 23 per year . 
  the ira killed 1700 people in 27 years ( 1969-1997 ) ; or 63 people per year . 
  isis is already at 100 people per year . 
  they are literally the worst terrorist group ever in europe, 
  now that i think of it , those 60/70s hippies were actually the ones that saw eta and the ira at their full power !, 
  why would they want to return to that !, 
  ( or actually much worse ; eta on their worst year only killed 96 people . 
  isis is way worse ), 
  to be fair , we used to have a lot of terrorist attacks from eta at the time we had 11m . 
  it was a much larger attack sure , but terrorism was n't something completely alien to spaniards : /, 
  actually , on our regional unemployment lists i feel exactly the same xd . 
  just swap greece for andalusia and spain for the canary islands ( come to think of it , they are the south of the south , the eu wide situation somehow mirrors the national one ), 
   denying a referendum would be the end of the uk , no question about it to be fair , denying a referendum in spain has n't been that bad . 
  to be fair , no relevant party in spain ( and i 'm pretty sure also not in portugal ) is advicating for leaving the eu . 
  calls for reform ? 
  sure , but an exit is not being considered by anyone . 
  the only close equivalent to a spexit or a poxit is the 1986 spanish nato referendum ( 55-40 in favour of staying ) , and that 's much different from leaving the eu . 
  yeah , i find ir weird as well . 
  here if a pm resigns , the replacement must get a vote on parliament . 
  not sure what happens if that vote fails though ( new elections after 2 months like we 've seen ? ), 
  then again , prime ministers barely resign . 
  that has only happened once ( in 1981 ) , and the day the vote for the replacement happened , there was a failed coup : /, 
  to be fair , in the canary islands the most famous rooster fight is definitely [ this one ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/rap/images/d/d1/red_bull_bdlg_logo_2015_ivandelgado.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150109000504&amp;path-prefix=es ) , wich has nothing to do with animals xd, 
  actually , this is one of the very few issues where i 'd give the power to the regional governments on whether bullfighting should be outlawed or not ( sort of like in the us with states ' rights ) i can definitely see why bullfighting is outlawed kn the canary islands or catalonia , but i ca n't see andalusia banning bullfighting for example . 
  to be fair , i do n't even notice them existing . 
  if you asked a canary islander what a `` pelea de gallos '' is , they 'd probably answer [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/uizihq06tyc ) http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/rap/images/d/d1/red_bull_bdlg_logo_2015_ivandelgado.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150109000504&amp;path-prefix=es, 
  do n't blame me , i voted for kodos, 
   many parties in spain have expressed their opposition to ttip do n't only iu and podemos oppose it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure cs and pp are in favour , and i have n't heard anything from the psoe ( though it would n't surprise me if they were in favour as well ), 
  while not exactly that , we did hold a referendum for leaving nato in the 80s , which ended up with remain winning like 55-40 or so ( there was a relatively large amount of blank votes ) . 
  i 'd actually like another , and i 'd vote for leaving . 
  especially since the concessions that were made so we stayed did n't happen in the end : / no chance of that ever happening though . 
  ok , any chance they get reelected ? 
  worst of all , aznar has n't apologized for the war yet , unlike blair and bush . 
  hell , arguably 11m was caused by our participation in the war !, 
  while my political views do align more with zapatero than rajoy , it 's accepted by most that one of his greatest accomplishments was having a great and neutral tve ( mostly because he did n't really touch it , he adopted a `` hands off '' approach to public tv ) . 
  tve had it 's biggest share and received lots of prices for it 's news programs ( [ even being recognized once as best in the world !, 
  then again , i was 6-13 years old when he was pm so i do n't fully recall how tve was at the time . 
  and that 's actually a shame , as tve under zapatero 's government was really good ( definitely the best we 've ever had ) tve 's declining viewership since 2011 says everything . 
  i guess maybe those borders are outdated ? 
  or are most northern irish regions opposed to it ? 
  i guess a better option would be to take ni 's parts that want to join ireland , and join them to ireland , leaving the rest with the uk ( making ni smaller ), 
  to be honest , i ca n't find any real explanation to why romania is the second ( and sometimes first , depending on data ) foreign nationality . 
  it 's not that near to spain ( further than morocco at least ) and romanians do n't speak spanish , unlike latin americans . 
  i guess being in the eu helps ( after all , they can come here freely , unlike the other 2 groups ) , but iirc most came before they entered the eu . 
  i guess some of guadalajara 's foreigners are inmigrants who just commute to madrid ? 
  i 've got no explanation for teruel though ( zaragoza is too far to conmute to it ), 
  probably automate and the like . 
  actually , with an aging population automatization is proabably a good thing . 
  ok , now , here 's the right link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wamkb6qgyms ( i got the abbreviated link before , tried to fix it , but did n't work ), 
  well , i stand corrected then : / did n't know that xd, 
  do n't know , maybe ? 
  they actually have an anthem :p https://www.youtube.com/wamkb6qgyms, 
  probably the [ spanish tercios ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tercio ) but those are from the xviith century : /, 
  to be fair , people here would love to se that low of an unemployment rate . 
  even in the best moment we 've had since the arrival of democracy , the unemployment rate has never gone under 8,5 %, 
  actually , iirc mexico has just surpassed spain as number 1 spanish speaking economy ( in gdp ), 
  the 120th country by gdp is botswana . 
  yeah , i 'm definitely not going there : /, 
  while isabella is a nice choice , i feel like charles i or felipe ii would be better . 
  another option could be charles iii . 
  i guess charles i ( or v , depending on how you count ) would have been the ideal choice ? 
  king of spain , but he also did a great job if not i guess charles iii would have been a good choice as well ( not the peak of the spanish empire , but he did a very good job ) . 
  but yeah , after felipe ii , we have no good choices . 
  ferdinand vi ruled for too little ( though again , what he did was pretty good ) ; felipe v would be controversial ( and not even that good anyways ) and everyone else is n't even worth mentioning . 
  as for non-kings , the only ones i can think of are franco ( please no . 
  also hugely controversial ) and c\u00e1novas / sagasta which while ok did n't actually do a good job ( could be a tag-team , sort of how it should actually be isabella-ferdinand ), 
  to be fair , charles i ( or v , depending on how you count ) would have been a better choice in my opinion , as it was under him that the spanish empire was at it 's strongest . 
  felipe ii would have also been a better choice . 
  not like isabella is a bad one really ( though maybe they should have included ferdinand as well ), 
  is n't catalan much better off than basque and galician though ? 
  to be fair , that would be a pretty great idea . 
  though i guess there 's already the commonwealth . 
  any chance she is elected as prime minister instead of president ? 
  ( or at least force a `` great coalition '' ), 
  oddly enough , i ca n't remember us having a prime minister with a positive approval rate : / ( i guess the king as head of state could count , but that 's about it ), 
  to be fair , technically there are regional elections and the like , but they do n't really tell you much about the situation fo the country as a whole : /, 
  to be fair , the us dollar is indeed classic :p ( after all , it 's probably first thing that comes to mind when you think `` money '' ) it 's just a bit plain looking after all . 
  so , us dollars are n't particularly pretty , it 's just that their look is classic , but those 2 are not the same thing .
