  most of europe has nationalized rail . 
  seems to be working fine . 
   i detest the concept of minimum wage . 
  yay the government has mandated that i am payed x , now i 'm either unemployed or get to work `` part-time '' ( pro-tip it 's never part time ) tbh the minimum wage should be low enough that it is n't a problem even for low end jobs , but high enough so that it is n't exploitation . 
  it should also be enough for 1 person to live alone . 
  2019 alde landslide has to be one of the weirdest projections i 've ever seen xd i 'd honestly be extremely surprised already if euroskeptics went down and/or epp was not the largest group . 
  really ? 
  other than the leave the single market stuff i like it a lot . 
  labour 's policies are probably some of the best i 've seen . 
  to be fair , considering the huge amount of outdated programs used by businesses and public institutions , even something like switching from windows xp or 7 to 10 would be a huge undertaking , let alone to linux . 
  hell , el corte ingles runs its programs on fucking ms dos !, 
  pff beginners unemployment rate spain : 18,4 % youth unemployment spain : 40,5 % :p ^ ^ plz ^ ^ gib ^ ^ jobs, 
  so the uk will be in the same position as say , canada to the eu 's eyes ( assuming there 's a brexit deal in the first place , which there might not be one ) . 
  considering the eu is the destination for 44 % of brtish exports , compared to only 10 % of canada 's exports , the brits are not in exactly the greatest position unless they remain in the common market , and i say that as someone who is n't exactly a fan of free trade . 
  ca n't the constitution be reformed ? 
  ( even if that needs a 3/5 or 2/3 majority ), 
  i thought ireland was one of the very few eu countries without far right populists ? 
  ( at least ones that matter ), 
  for all what 's worth , i read aguilar might run for governor of the canary islands in 2019 so he might not stay in the eu much longer, 
  so , more than 1 spain a year . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous and should be stopped . 
  no idea how though . 
  common sense is the least common of the senses actually, 
  ohh i see , it 's like el mundo today here xd . 
  similar headline from them : `` eurovision blames the world cyberattack for spain 's 5 points '', 
  tbh if loss of sovereignty is the only tradeoff , it will almost certainly be supported by spain . 
  i expect a referendum about that to be 75-25 in favour , albeit under low turnout , just like the eu constitution referendum in 05 ( 82-18 in favour , 36 % turnout ) . 
  it would also pass parliament easy . 
  i 'd expect erc and bildu to vote against and probably podemos unless there are several social provisions . 
  still , that would still mean that it 'd pass 260-80 , more than the threshold for even a constitutional ammendment of the `` hard '' kind if one was required . 
  i 'd also probably vote in favour , but it 'd depend on the exact deal . 
  to be fair urban if the leader of the anti capitalists , the more radical branch of podemos . 
  for spain ? 
  not really , the big news today seems to be psoe 's leadership debate . 
  the vote is due for sunday i think . 
  to get an idea what would those concessions look like ? 
  for all what 's worth my local kebab shops are run by asians ( and by that i mean probably chinese ) . 
  sure , but what about turkey ? 
  also , i think an eu army can stay with less than 2 % if it 's for self defense only . 
  maybe make it so that if it has a qualified majority ( i think it 's 2/3 of the countries and 3/4 of the population ? ), 
  that army can be deployed , but soldiers from the places that voted `` no '' stay at home ? 
  ( or are n't deployed in the frontlines ), 
  does ireland have to put to a vote every important eu decision ? 
  or can the government simply reject it ? 
  ( then again that would probably require unanimity at the eu level ), 
  i think the eu treaties already specify something like `` eu countries should respond to an attack all toghether according to their constitutional requirements '' for something comparable to nato article 5 . 
  ca n't see why it 'd be different for an eu army . 
  so ireland ( and other neutral nations ) would participate in that army , but their soldiers would only take part in actions of self defense ( not like that eu army would be for anything else ) . 
  would n't they switch to the uup instead ? 
  they seem to be unionists and backed remain . 
  a ) almost impossible b ) not that unlikely if scotland makes the argument that `` islands are different '' like the uk does . 
  but not exactly a given . 
  50 % chance c ) almost impossible , but scotland can still just deliberately not fulfill the requirements like sweden . 
  then again the 1st argument is imo exactly why an independent scotland should join the eea , not the eu . 
  it would definitely help scotland 's agriculture and fishing . 
   of all european countries , we have some of the most recognisable styles of music and we put dish up shit every year . 
   it 's almost impressive how bad we are . 
  interestingly chiquilicuatre somehow managed to do relatively well compared to what came afterwards xd, 
  i do n't mind the 50-50 system , but the watcher vote should be what 's advertised from country to country , not the jury vote ( or better yet , the average of both ), 
  please clap, 
  kinda wish we had n't tbh, 
  i think now with jury votes it 's almost impossible to get an absolute 0 ? 
  ( though for all what 's worth we did get 0 points from voters ), 
  should do a spanish version tbh, 
  we tried going [ bigger and better in 2010 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwoejm8x37c ) , but that guy was n't able to go in the end :(, 
  can we just have portugal annex us please ? 
  i guess it went nowhere . 
  ( not like it had a chance in the first place ) . 
  the most recient controversial `` anti free speech '' law proposed has been oddly enough proposed yesterday by far left podemos , which would ban insulting lgbt people with very serious fines and with few ( \u00bf no ? ), 
  judges involved . 
  many compared it to a gag law 2.0 ( in reference to the original gag law actually passed by the conservative pp ) . 
  i guess the extremes touch ? 
  you do n't even have to go all the way to the us , our pm proposed a [ ban on memes ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/10/no-joke-spanish-prime-ministers-party-suggests-ban-on-internet-m/ ) reciently, 
  ok , here 's another example : `` spanish prime minister wants to ban memes '' http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/10/no-joke-spanish-prime-ministers-party-suggests-ban-on-internet-m/, 
  i guess have ireland sing in irish and the uk in welsh to even things out ? 
  i personally feel it should be a regional matter and be banned in a region by region basis . 
  in fact , the canary islands banned bullfighting in 1990 and catalonia in 2010 , but the 2nd ban was overturned because ... reasons i guess catalonia and the canary islands have different constitutions, 
  considering the uk will have a tory government for at least the next 10 years or so , yes , the eu is a shining beacon of labour laws and worker protections xd though brits probably think otherwise of course, 
  yeah , i dislike that :( it 's nice every once in a while , but it 's way too much . 
  there 's a separate / r/yurop for something of course this sub often gets involved in fads . 
  sure , but it 'd also have a senate with equal powers to the parliament where 1 country = x votes as long as the eu does n't have that ( the commision does n't count , it 's not just a senate ) and as long as parliament ca n't draft laws , the current system is good enough, 
  yeah , i wish we had 9 $ / 200mb internet : /, 
  any chance of that being ruled illegal under unfair competition rules ? 
  ( or alternatively forcing isps to only sell unlimited data plans but good luck on that one ), 
  tbh the us also have a lot of things going for them , especially for the rich . 
  i think an american 1 % probably lives a better live than a european 1 %, 
   eu is on the verge of totalitarianism ( of the left ) , all important eu leaders are right wingers . 
  jean claude juncker and donald tusk both belong to the conservative epp, 
  well , let 's do a compromise . 
  scotland becomes part of ireland , nortern ireland becomes independent :p, 
  most likely scenario : `` are you 18 years old or more ? '', 
  underage people : `` sure ! '', 
  how would turks abroad vote then ? 
  in their nearest embassy/consulate ? 
  by mail ( seems like a great way for voter fraud tbh ) ? 
  i do agree with forbidding rallies , but i do n't know how voting would work, 
  yeah , telecommunications companies still did quite a bit of lobbying it seems :(, 
  depends on your toilet tbh, 
  spain will be a net contributor after brexit, 
  yeah , but even there they are extremely mild .
