  then again , the second they invade the peninsula , people would fight with all they had . 
  even a canary islands invasion would probably trigger something like that , if only a bit toned down , though taking them back would be tough . 
  not on the falklands level ; but cadiz is 1000 km away . 
  madeira is reasonably near , but that 's portugese ; so we 'd depend on portugal for support ( doubt they 'd support morocco instead though ), 
  well , that was in the 1920s . 
  how many germans actually remember that ? 
  well , reddit in general is a terrible place to get an insight into any country 's politics : /, 
  well , i meant far away as in economic development , not literally far away in kilometers xd . 
  is n't just alaska actually larger than the eu from edge to edge ? 
  also , the chart you posted for the eu was ppp ; the us one was nominal . 
  in reality the gap is larger ( though still lower than i expected ) . 
  luxenbourg is at 111k ; while bulgaria is at a measly 7.7 k. 
  they are extreme outliers though . 
  if we restrict ourselves to the eurozone , and take out outliers , the gap is now between ireland ( 51k ) and portugal ( 22k ) . 
  slightly larger than the us , but not unfeasable, 
  well , i do n't really care about using us products : / what i do care about though is the us businesses having fair business practices ; which is what the eu tries to do . 
  the only bad regulation in my opinion is the cookies one ( good on principle , but annoying as fuck ) then again , i 'm pretty sure the us already do similar things as well ( and if they do n't , they should ) . 
  so the german socialists actually know when to compromise : / to be fair , the spanish ones actually saw a marginal popular vote increase in june compared to december ( up 0,6 % ) ; but lost 5 seats mostly because of rajoy 's increase being much bigger . 
  the us are also a fully fledged country , unlike the eu . 
  the eu would need more integration of their economies for the euro to work perfectly and even then , the economies might be too far away from each other for that to work . 
  pretty sure the mississipi-new york gap is much smaller than the bulgaria-luxenbourg gap ; or even the greece-netherlands gap, 
  any chance germany gets a gridlocked parliament and no government is formed ( like spain right now ) ? 
  for comparison , only 1 spanish prime minister has been prime minister for longer than merkel has . 
  that was felipe gonz\u00e1lez ( 1982-1996 ) . 
  everyone else however , has n't lasted more than 8 ( iirc the runner up is aznar : 1996-2004 ) . 
  come to think about it , only 2 other prime ministers have lasted longer than that since 1876 ( time spain got the structures of a standard democracy , even if it 's elections were more corrupt than even north korea 's ) . 
  those 2 were canovas and sagasta , which alternated in power for around 30 years . 
  well , he did have to worry about that on his first term . 
  well , they have had obama since 2008 . 
  2 years less than merkel . 
  then again they 'll get another president on 2016 no matter what , but seeing the current candidates i 'm pretty sure most americans would pick another 4 years of obama over hillary or trump, 
  hopefully we get romanian prices instead :d ( actually , that would increase sales ), 
  actually , there is a [ completely clear correlation ] ( http://sparrowism.soc.srcf.net/home/graph.png ) between the number of pirates and global warming !, 
  the less pirates , the more warming . 
  so , to fight it , we must all become pirates arr, 
  yeah , same in spain . 
  it looks like they just fused autonomous communities without any kind of reason . 
  both castilles , but not madrid ? 
  basque country + aragon ? 
  the only ones that make some kind of sense are the `` catalan countries '' one and the ones that follow just one community ( madrid , canary islands ) maybe the andalusian-extremenian as well . 
  yeah , the : `` going to the us is just like being in a movie '' stuff is definitely caused by that, 
  just set up your vpn on somalia or something . 
  there are lots of pirates there already , a couple more wo n't hurt, 
  yay , cheap stuff :d ( as long as it 's a very mild deflation , we 'll probably be better off ), 
  actually , in june pacma was the fastest growing party , even more so then the pp iirc it would n't surprise me if they got seats in a election in a couple of years ( be it on a town hall or nationally ), 
  well , i 'd say pretty similar to canada in that case , except that since the job market here is terrible atm , most young people live with their parents for much longer than they 'd want to ( 80 % of spaniards 18-29 live with their parents after all ), 
  not all us states have the same minimum wage iirc . 
  pretty sure the eu can do the same ( though with waaaay more fluctuation between countries ), 
  does n't the uk have 0 aircraft carriers though ? 
  well , the canary islands have almost 0 industry whatsoever , and live mostly off of tourism . 
  also , renewables , while the islands are good for them ( el hierro is 100 % renewable in fact , but only 10000 people live there ) , stille are under their potential , and oil plants are the main source of power . 
  probably one of the most successful political telenovelas in history xd this 2016 season has been quite boring though . 
  it seems it 's creators have run out of ideas . 
  well , personally , i 'd rather have them stay , but if they must go i 'd definitely prefer a swizerland . 
  but to be fair , seeing an independent catalonia behaving like nk would be kind of amusing xd then again , i 'd say an independent catalonia 's ceiling of development is probably somewhere between belgium and portugal, 
  the swizerland of the mediterranean in fact ( though with unillateral independence they 'd most likely be the north korea of the mediterranean instead ) : /, 
  damn , it has been seriously cut down :( half the connexions to spain have been severed ( the tracks are still there obviously , often with trains getting to the border , but never crossing it ) . 
  then again , the only train that runs the madrid-lisbon line is an overnight one ; / ( there was a project to create a high speed line , but it was killed by the portuguese side iirc . 
  the spanish side will continue to the border , but the project lost a lot of priority ), 
  to be fair , if no one lives between toronto and montreal , while demand will be lower , it will also be cheaper to build the new tracks . 
  for example , the spanish ave is cheaper than the average high speed line mostly because castille is pretty sparsely populated ( not say , northern canada levels , but it still has a low population density ), 
  damn :( i know distances in the us and canada are much larger than in europe , but should n't canada have some decent trains , if only on the east or connecting with major northern us cities ? 
  ( without knowing much about canada ) i can definitely see demand for lines such as vancouver-seattle ; detroit-toronto-ottawa-montreal-quebec city or montreal-new york, 
  the main problem with that is that most of the iberian gauge tracks date from the 19th century ( if you look at the maps i posted , there 's barely any difference between the then and now maps , not counting the new ave lines ) . 
  changing the gauge on those would solve nothing ; a train can definitely not run at 300 + km/h on 19th century rails . 
  ideally we should try to build a new international high speed network from scratch ; at least the most important lines ( personally i 'd complete the madrid-basque country line first and build a zaragoza-navarra-basque country line as well , but the government does n't seem to agree ), 
  oh well , at least you have a different one due to russia . 
  we did that just because we did n't want to change ( which has been the wrong decision in the long run ) we have a whopping 3 different gauges over here : * 1000mm track : not very used , other than some trains in the north ; mostly suburban ones in the cantabrian sea coastal cities ( santander , oviedo-gij\u00f3n-avil\u00e9s ) and the `` cantabrian corridor '' ( ferrol-gij\u00f3n-santander-bilbao ) . 
  this last line might as well not exist , as it takes an ungodly amount of time to go from one end to the other ( just ferrol-gij\u00f3n takes like 9h ) * iberian gauge : the standard gauge used in most lines . 
  it 's used in all non high speed lines . 
  * international gauge : used in the new high speed ave trains . 
  some lines use partially iberian and international , and thus have to change in the middle ( for example , the madrid-galicia line is high speed until le\u00f3n , then standard . 
  thus it takes longer to go le\u00f3n-galicia than le\u00f3n-madrid , even though le\u00f3n is much closer to galicia than to madrid ), 
  well , it * would * be baseload power from like 07:00 to 18:00 coal plants would only need to work at night ( hopefully with hydroeolic plants not even that , but apparently hydroelectric is very limited ), 
  well , ireland ( most of it at least ) did manage to secede from that union :p, 
  if you want to count high speed , spain 's network is growing as well ( albeit the convencional lines are closing instead , so it cancells out ), 
  wait , are we some of the few that kept most in place ? 
  ( not all , but still ) : [ 19th century ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/la_red_de_ferrocarriles.svg ) [ today ] ( http://www.trainlogistic.com/imagens/estrutura/rede/espanhamapa.jpg ) the `` today '' map is a bit outdated though . 
  the high speed ave reaches nowadays the french border ( through barcelona ) , valencia and some places in castille leon ( leon , valladolid , segovia and maybe a couple more ) granted , not all lines are open , but most are still intact . 
  also , fun fact about spanish railways : the first spanish railway was built not on mainland spain , but rather on havana , cuba ( then spanish territory ) , in the late 1830s . 
  mainland spain would not see a train track laid until 1848 iirc , when the line between barcelona and matar\u00f3 opened . 
  well , currently the university degree is dominated by women . 
  however , most old doctors are men , as women did n't study back then ; so the numbers cancel out . 
  well , both of my parents are teachers ( high school ones though , not pre school ) and they definitely do n't earn badly . 
  i might be slightly wrong about nurses fine . 
  change that into doctors if you want . 
  come to think of it , could that be because spain is the only southern country to have a right wing government as of now ? 
  ( caretaker anyways , but will probably be reelected ) . 
  portugal and italy have centre left governments ( comparable to the spanish psoe ) and greece has a `` far left '' one ( comparable to podemos ), 
  yeah , quotas for them too . 
  either you put quotas nowhere , or you put them everywhere , including low paid male dominated jobs ( ie construction , mining , etc ) ; and high paid female dominated ones ( like pre school teachers or nurses ), 
  i was referring more to using solar as a baseline rather than wind though ; as solar is much more predictable . 
  also , ca n't we use reversable hydroelectric dams to store energy ? 
  the technology is indeed there . 
  iirc the island of el hierro gets most of it 's energy from such a device . 
  yeah , here in spain we dub everything ( a very small amount of movies have subbed versions as well , but that 's only in big cities ; and most pick the dubbed version anyways ) . 
  apparently that is because franco mandated in the 1940s that everything had to be dubbed ( to make it easier to censor ) . 
  that regulation does n't exist today , but it 's influence can still be seen today . 
  another interesting thing about spanish dubs is that unlike english ones ( which always use the us version , even in the uk ) ; is that spain does a dub for themselves , with another being made in latin america , normally in mexico . 
  portuguese does this as well , but since portugal tends to sub most stuff , it 's not as noticable .
