  do people actually care for the independence debate and vote accordingly outside catalonia ? 
  to be fair , i did the math and if catalonia did n't exist , pp would have very narrowly won the 2008 election ( having like 2 mps more than psoe ) , and they would have lost the 2004 one ( 1 mp less than psoe ) . 
  fun fact : the catalan 2nd in command actually asked for this like 2 days ago !, 
  he said that everyone in favour of independence should pay like 2 $ to pay any fines from the spanish government , creating a `` resistance box '' to pay for `` defending democracy '' http://www.diariodeleon.es/noticias/espana/junqueras-propone-creacion-una-caja-resistencia-pagar-multas-9-n_1175978.html, 
   exactly . 
  competences of the catalan government without having the proper money to pay them , due to the incredibly amount of money every year catalonia sends to the spanish state . 
  citation needed . 
  `` espa\u00f1a ens roba '' y tal  this is what they did in 2012 , but it was impossible . 
  the spanish government never agreed to negotiate anything about the catalan fiscal deficit . 
  that 's why in 2012 the pro-independence movement increased substantially . 
  pp got an absolute majority in 2011 , so they could basically go tell mas no without a problem . 
  plus 2012 was a very dangerous time for spain , the worst of the crisis . 
  the time to negotiate is now ( 2016 and on ) . 
   i hope by 2018 we will already be independent and therefore this problem completely solved since independence probably wo n't happen , catalan politicians should think about it . 
   but you can enjoy not being what catalonia is right now : the region with the highest university fees in spain ( 3 times more than andalusia for instance ) or the region with the highest waiting list in hospitals in spain . 
  both of which are competences of the regional government , not the national one . 
  so you should blame mas and puigdemont for this , not rajoy . 
   you have to understand the problem is not `` richer regions contributing more than the poorer ones '' . 
  this happens everywhere and it 's logic . 
  what it 's not logic ( and does n't happen anywhere else in europe ) is this situation producing an actual imbalance , to the point of damaging richer regions economies and governments . 
  then catalan parties should campaign on a new redistribution deal for communities , not on independence . 
  in fact they had a chance very reciently with the budget , but they refused so canarian and basque parties seized the chance to get more money for their respective regions instead . 
  the 2018 budget will be passed soon , maybe pdecat should think about it ? 
  to be fair , catalonia was in serious debt a while back so they needed a bailout from the spanish government . 
  that 's the funds that would be cut , the bailout ones, 
  well , tusk * is * a pole after all, 
  nobody expects the ~ ~ spanish ~ ~ eu inquisition !, 
  yeah , maybe , but there 's a limit on years actually in jail . 
  so a 1000 year sentence is the same as a 30 year one in practice . 
  you wpuls have still left after 30 years at most . 
  ( of course if your sentence is thousands of years getting out on parole is much harder but the maximum 30 year limit on the old law still stands ) . 
  in fact things still work that way unless you are explicitly given permanent revisable prision , and i think there 's only one prisioner with that sencence ( the new law was passed in 2015 ), 
  never . 
  poland will block hungary 's article 7 and viceversa, 
  could they at least lose their majority ? 
  how common are majority governments in poland to begin with ? 
  not only that , but a ps2 . 
  seriously norway i thought torture was outlawed !, 
  no idea about portugal but here in spain it used to be no . 
  we had a maximum 30 year sentence , but after the 30 years you would be freed no matter what . 
  a recient reform moved us to the norway model though , with `` permanent revisable prision '' , where after you serve a certain number of years a court examins you and decides whether you are good to be released on parole or not , but could potentially stay in prision forever . 
  thanks ~ ~ obama ~ ~ rajoy !, 
  translation by google :  clavijo explained at a press conference held on thursday morning in which he said that the project ` esport talent canarias ' could be a `` referent '' and a great `` opportunity '' to help the canary islands government open in `` this new world '' . 
   in fact , he explained , regulating this sport and considering it `` as a sports discipline '' will give `` stability '' to the sector and will also enable its `` right to subsidies . '', 
   `` it opens its own federation , its rules , such as the federations of basketball or archery , karate or taekwondo . 
  it recognizes it , gives it officialdom , agrees to be on the circuit and the possibilities that it gives , '' he said . 
  argument . 
   finally , clavijo said that electronic sports are something `` new '' in the national panorama , positive for tourism , noting also that `` gran canaria is the first destination chosen by the digital nomads '' and that , therefore , this will have positive connotations . 
   `` the truth is that i believe that a new space is opening that is already consolidated and open . 
  it is a space where we can be a reference , where we can be different and where there are no barriers , '' he said . 
  maybe a one child policy like china would work ? 
  yeah , i 'm going to guess murcia is the closest thing to hell this time of the year, 
  for all what 's worth , here in spain `` letters '' refers to the high school path that has stuff like history , latin , economics , etc. 
  normally used compared to sciences , which instead have stuff like physics , chemistry , technology , etc. 
  for all what 's worth though in my experience both letters and sciences are mostly gender balanced . 
  however in the sciences path women flock to the biology subpath ( intended for studying medicine ) and men to the technology path ( for engineering ), 
  to be fair a non binding one would probably be constitutional as it 's just an elaborate opinion poll . 
  it 's just that the government would be unable to act on its result, 
  til wales is independent, 
  i guess tunisia since it seems the closest and most stable country to lybia . 
  imo deals with turkey ( eastern/balkan route ) , tunisia ( central route ) and morocco ( gibraltar route ) should be more than enough . 
  and all those 3 countries are very stable compared to their neighbours . 
  the only disadvantage is that it wo n't be cheap , but it 's more expensive to pay for those migrants ' welfare so we end up saving money in the end . 
  yeah , is n't the czech republic one of the least authoritarian of the area ? 
  reach an agreement with some country and put a camp there like australia . 
  bribe the adequate people and apply economic pressure if necessary . 
  there are still 59 other points, 
  fun fact : spain is the country with europe 's 2nd highest average elevation , only behind switzerland . 
  so , communism vs fascism it is ? 
  i guess there 's the lib dems , but they have what , 12 seats ? 
   merkel a conservative ? 
  this would mean dems are centrist then . 
  merkel is probably more conservative than the average democrat , but yeah , dems would probably be centrist to centre-left in germany ( and most of europe for that matter ) . 
   she was a leading member of communist germany back then . 
  she was n't a leading member of anything in communist germany . 
  she just joined some youth organization apparently . 
   plus , her whole stance on immigration and taxation is far from being conservative . 
  i can give you inmigration . 
  but she is definitely a fiscal conservative . 
  me neither xd i have n't heard it from an actual politician , it 's just a personal idea, 
  oh , sure , but what i meant is that is rare for mps to rebel against their own party right ? 
   like here in the us the media spins it . 
  back in the news last year a study showed a disprovel rating of merkel at around 80 % . 
  even nbc and cbc have run it . 
  citation needed . 
  [ here 's merkel 's actual approval rating for her most recient term ] ( https://www.welt.de/img/politik/mobile162719055/3811624087-ci23x11-w780/deutschlandtrend-politikerzufriedenheit-merkel-vs-schulz.jpg ) other than for a short while in 2016 , it never went under 50 % , so a disapproval rating of 80 % is basically impossible . 
   problem is though , if you as a voter according to my germa granny , do n't want to go alt-right your only option is merkels party all other political factions are even more left-leaning . 
  and the kicker and the nugget of irony is the people can not vote for the chancellor directly . 
  so as a centrist/con go full right wing or swallow the merkel pill whats it gon na be fritz ? 
  true . 
  merkel is a conservative in germany after all . 
  if you do n't like her , then your only option is indeed going full alt-right . 
  but what 's the problem with that ? 
  there simply is n't that much demand for a party to merkel 's right ( the afd is hovering around 8 % , and peaked at like 13 % ), 
   merkel ca n't do much without the backing of the parliament . 
  we do n't even elect the chancellor directly . 
  to be fair , how common is it for mps to openly challenge the party leadership ? 
  at least here that 's a very easy way to be expelled from the party , so mps almost always do what their boss ( so , for the cdu , merkel ) tells them unless they really know what they are doing . 
   to accurately known from where these people came from it 's in their best interest not to lie on this one . 
  but if they want to be deported somewhere where they do n't belong , that 's their problem  the text that forbid to send back to war zones so detention centres it is then ?
