  go tell that to bolivia :p https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bolivian_navy, 
  same here in spain . 
  far right gets 0.2 % , far left gets 21 %, 
  well , we 've had tons of similar deals to prop up minority governments in the past , like for example gonz\u00e1lez iv ( psoe-catalan nationalists ) , aznar i ( pp-catalan/basque/canarian nationalists ) or even rajoy ii ( basque and canarian nationalists ) . 
  i personally view them as ok . 
  it 's not like labour would n't do the same with the snp . 
  you mean aragonese colonies ? 
  not really , we lost cuba in 1898 , more than 50 years before fidel . 
  plus i do n't think we could have held cuba or the philippines to this day . 
  i do think we could have kept puerto rico and the pacific islands ( guam and the marianas ) though , with them being standard autonomous communities like the canary islands today . 
  also relevant : [ fernando alonso was singing despacito while racing the indy 500 ] ( http://www.elmundotoday.com/2017/05/fernando-alonso-escuchaba-despacito-mientras-corria-en-las-500-millas-de-indianapolis/ ), 
  ok , while spain is one of the few countries where the alt-right is barely active , with no parties represented or even with a chance of representation ( closest is vox , which got 0,5 % of the vote in madrid and needed 3 % to get a seat ) there are still some such sites . 
  i think www.casoaislado.com is such an example , and stormfront ( the neo-nazi site ) has a spanish section which i 'm not going to link . 
  as for more poupular ideologies , [ okdiario ] ( www.okdiario.com ) is probably the most popular right wing echo chamber . 
  it 's less of an echo chamber and more of just critizising the left ( especially podemos , which they hate with a passion ) , but they are n't super convinced by the right . 
  the left also has some echochambers , like for example [ p\u00fablico ] ( www.publico.es ) . 
  however , i 'd say even p\u00fablico and okdiario are a lot better than breitbart or infowars . 
   an antinature governament coalition built from rightwing to far left iirc greece 's government is a weird far left-far right coalition . 
  no , they apparently do n't get paid . 
  none that i know of but there 's a party called `` esca\u00f1os en blanco '' ( empty seats ) that pledges to not take their seats if elected ( kinda like sinn fein i guess ? 
  ) , running as a `` none of the above '' option . 
  they got 0.1 % of the vote in the last election and no seats ( although in the few councils where they have seats they indeed do not take them ), 
  i do agree with the inmigration stuff , but the uk can control inmigration from outside the eu while remaining in the single market , and inmigrants outside the eu are the ones causing problems . 
  of course , stay out and you can limit both kinds of inmigrants . 
  i 'm a leftist , but i am quite against illegal inmigration and agree in that with the `` far right '' . 
  illegal inmigrants should be all deported inmediately for the most part ( maybe add some exceptions for families with old kids but that 's it ) . 
  new inmigrants should be screened a lot , and inmigration from dangerous countries ( read middle east and north africa ) should be kept to a minimum . 
  fine but still not true . 
  pp won * only * 304 of galicia 's 314 municipalities : http://www.europapress.es/nacional/noticia-resultados-elecciones-gallegas-2016-quien-ganado-cada-municipio-20160926065937.html, 
  not true . 
  in the general election psoe won 12 galician municipalities and podemos won 2 . 
  granted those are extremely few but still , pp is absolutely dominant in galicia . 
  you can check yourself : http://www.elmundo.es/grafico/espana/2016/06/27/57709ec1e5fdea870f8b4618.html also , there were no provinces where all the municipalities were won by a single party . 
  closest thing was segovia , where psoe won one tiny municipality with 117 people and a second municipality with 234 people saw a tie . 
   an udi is only planned in case spain uses the force [ like this ? ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2we_b6hdry ), 
   compromising ? 
  on what ? 
  an state that considers you a subject ? 
  as i said , those parties were voted to defend the referendum , so voting sanchez without it would be a bertrayal , look at it however you want but it would be . 
  the state does n't consider catalonia a subject any more than andalucia , galicia or the balearic islands . 
  it 's one out of 17 communities . 
  and sure , the referendum was there . 
  but in a negotiation you do not get everything you want . 
  you get some of your demands , but not all . 
   because wanting to respect the 80 % of catalans wish ? 
  really ?!, 
  btw , if there 's someone unflexible are the unionist parties , who are n't only independentist ( absolutely legitimate option ) but do n't want the cititzens to vote in order to not risk losing . 
  and that 's leaving apart the negative to all changes : call it estatut , foro fiscal , pacto fiscal , officializing catalan , giving non-returned competencies ... 
  but yeah , we are the unflexible ... facepalm citation needed . 
  psc+pp+c s got roughly 40 % of the vote in the last election , so there 's at most 60 % of people in favour of independence ( and not quite really , podemos is split so it 's more like 50 % at best ) and sure , some of the unionists ( cs and especially pp ) are also very unflexible , let 's be honest . 
  but the pro independence side is not proposing viable solutions ( unilateral referendums do n't count ) . 
  only podemos ( legal referendum ) and psc ( federal state/constututional reform ) are proposing realistic solutions . 
   if you are comparing b country with catalonia you have no idea of catalan reality at all ... basque country ( led by ibarretxe 's pnv ) wanted independence in the mid 00s , got rejected . 
  now catalonia ( led by mas and now puigdemont ) wants independence and are getting rejected . 
  why not copy the pnv and reach a deal with the central government ? 
  it 's not betraying their voters , it 's compromising . 
  so you get some of your demands but not all . 
  the independentists are just too unflexible . 
  also , pnv did that in the mid 00s when they abandonded the ibarretxe plan . 
  now it 's catalonia 's turn . 
  oh , i thought bng was against independence , like the canarian parties . 
   the referendum is unilateral because one of the parts just does n't want to sit to negotiate anything , regardless of the many times ( around 20 ) it has been asked officially . 
  agree . 
  on the other hand had erc and pdecat not insisted on the referendum and just asked for more autonomy and pedro s\u00e1nchez would be pm right now , instead of rajoy . 
  ( psoe+p odemos + both catalan nationalists had a majority after the 2015 election ) through that compromise catalonia would have probably got many of their demands ( admittedly not all , like the referendum ) , but many grievances would have been solved through compromise ( psoe is usually more open to compromising )  from our point of view , the referendum will be validated by its results and participation , which are looking good according to all the polls . 
  there is no doubt we are headed to a collision between the catalan government supported by the civil society who wants to vote ( which is a majority , because many of those who support a unilateral referendum are not independentists themseles ) and the spanish government supported by you-know-who + some surprise guests . 
  assuming the referendum does take place , we will see the 2nd of october . 
  but i agree we are heading towards a collision . 
  i can also see it turning like the 2014 one ( ie yes wins in a landslide but turnout is incredibly low due to unionists not bothering ) . 
   the `` it 's not going to happen '' and `` it 's not legal '' arguments does not hold too much water in catalonia ; most people want a referendum and if we have to choose between a democratic mandate and the legality born from 1978 the result is clear . 
  not true . 
  it 's true that most do favour a referendum ( 75 % ) , but only 30 % of the population or so favour a unilateral one . 
  http://www.lavanguardia.com/politica/20170416/421751405001/encuesta-convocatoria-referendum-independencia-catalunya.html  and two little points . 
  the differences between `` regions and nationalities '' may appear very small to you , but it was the opportunity to avoid most of the current problems ; it is in fact a demonstration of the failure of the 78 regime . 
  all the reform from the center left ( podemos and psoe ) are built from this little spark of `` plurinational '' light in the constitution . 
  the situation in 1978 did n't allow for much more than what we got . 
  for 1978 the constitution was pretty good . 
  it is indeed dated , but if it 's outdated then it should be reformed , not leave the country . 
   and another question , which i always , always ask myself . 
  why do many spaniards accept perfectly the term `` euskadi '' and not the term `` catalunya '' with ny instead of \u00d1 ? 
  no idea . 
  i guess because euskadi is a completely different word while catalunya looks like some sort of spelling mistake xd, 
  i mean , normally when there are no signs or anything you have to yield to the cars to your right . 
  however if there is no one to anyone 's right and one want to turn left while the other wants to go straight then i have no idea what would be done . 
  i guess whoever enters first gets the right of way ? 
  sure !, 
  but neither cc nor nca ( the 2 main nationalist parties in the islands ) want independence , and the few pro independence parties get roughly 1 % support combined . 
   maybe a change of mentality would be a good place to start . 
  catalonia is not a region , it does not have a regional parliament . 
  in any case it is a nationality of spain , unlike murcia or madrid which are regions under the constitution . 
  to be fair , i tend to call it region in english for some reason . 
  if i was writing the post in spanish i 'd have probably said either `` parlament de catalu\u00f1a '' ( parliament of catalonia ) and comunidad aut\u00f3noma ( autonomous community ) . 
  also , the difference between regions and nationalities is very small , at least from a legal point of view . 
   anyway i think is way , way too late now and the only solution will come through the referendum in october i do n't think it 's too late . 
  it 's never too late to sit down and talk . 
  and the referendum in october will definitely not sole anything since it 's unilateral . 
  if it was a negotiated one like the scottish one then sure , but that 's not going to happen . 
  i think that 's illegal ? 
  if you have a yield sign you have to yield to incoming traffic .
