  i 'd rather have macedonia than turkey in the eu all things considered . 
  in fact , i 'd say the next eu expansions will probably be all of former yugoslavia and albania . 
  maybe scotland and catalonia if they ever become independent . 
  do n't expect any of them joining before the 2020s though . 
  true , tourism is at an all time high . 
  however there are only so many jobs as waiters and the like . 
  to be fair , spain 's terrain is actually favourable to guerrilla warfare . 
  see : independence war , or even the early stages of reconquista . 
  i can definitely see solar power being able to generate baseline power some time in the 2020s . 
  that would only be during the day though ( at night maybe wind could compensate , but it 's much more erratic ), 
  if it 's a bubble like ours , do n't worry , it will pop as soon as the next economic downturn happens . 
  if it 's a bubble caused by not enough houses being built , then there 's not much you can do . 
  in those cases the government should start making people build houses . 
  per autonomous community ( plus the african autonomous cities ) : - melilla : 33,84 % - andalusia : 29,07 % - canary islands : 27,33 % - extremadura : 27,01 % - ceuta : 26,28 % - castille-la mancha : 26,33 % - valencian community : 21,30 % ( spanish average : 20 % ) - asturias : 19,29 % - murcia : 18,70 % - galicia : 17,74 % - castille-leon : 16,25 % - madrid : 16,25 % - catalonia : 15,95 % - cantabria : 15,31 % - la rioja : 15,29 % - aragon : 15,27 % - navarre : 13,27 % - balearic islands : 13,02 % - basque country : 12,50 % unemployment decreased in all autonomous communities except navarre and ceuta, 
  well , they definitely do n't speak well xd they speak like an average 4 year old , except in 2 languages instead of one . 
  and to be fair , it 's mandated in the constitution that everyone must know spanish . 
  someone below posted an statistic that 97 % of catalonians could speak spanish perfectly , and 99.5 % or so with slight difficulties . 
  i doubt 3 old people in a village in the middle of nowhere in lleida who ca n't speak spanish are that important tbh . 
  to be fair , the basque country just did n't turn out to vote the constitution in order to keep fighting for independence ( turnout was rather low compared to the rest of the country . 
  this is actually completely false . 
  almost all catalonians can speak spanish ( hell , it 's mandated in the constitution  .  ) . 
  the closest i 've found to someone not being able to speak spanish is when my 4 year old cousins had slightly more difficulty speaking spanish than catalan , but even then , what kind of 4 year old speaks perfectly ? 
  to be fair , if catalonia left spainn and joined the eu , spain would be a net receiver again ( we are currently at neutral iirc ) ; even though catalonia would be a contributor . 
  again , getting a new constitution would require an almost impossible to achieve majority ( 2/3 of each chamber , elections , 2/3 of each chamber again and finally a binding referendum ) same majority to allow catalonia independence or become a republic . 
  well , you can always say : screw those options and say : vengan a ver esto ; using ustedes instead of vosotros ; as latin america and the canary islands do :p, 
  in spain ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  depends on whether parties can agree on a governmeny or not . 
  in catalonia ? 
  they were n't able to pass a budget , so 2015 's budget will be used for the third time in a row . 
  the government has a confidence vote in september iirc . 
  it all depends on whether the radical cup anti capitalists see enough will towards unilateral independence or not . 
  unelected brussels bureaucrats ( except junker is in the same eu party as the caretaker spanish government ) are fining us . 
  let 's take back control . 
  vote leave . 
  ( actually , either you fine everyone , including france and germany , or you fine no one ), 
  yeah , they ( we xd ) are nationalist , but fiercely spanish ( we 'd be poorer than morocco after all ; plus the independentists ' vote share , less than 1 % , says it all ) for example , around the same time catalonia did their fake referendum on independence , the canary islands tried doing one on petrol there . 
  it got shut down by judges and the regional government respected the decision , unlike catalonia though . 
  then again , not many in the balearic islands or valencia would support independence either . 
  i just picked the regions with nationalist mps in parliament , plus the `` catalan countries '' and the extended basque country . 
  the only way i could see a full on civil war happening is if : a : many military officiers support secession and b : lots of regions want to secede . 
  the war would be something like catalonia/valencia/balearic islands/basque country/navarra/canary islands vs the rest . 
  no chance that will ever happen though . 
  maybe he thinks the mossos would be enough to take control ? 
  would be a very one sided war though . 
  the spanish army might be small and not very well funded , but even then , catalonia would have no chance . 
  oh well , time to move to east timor apparently, 
  and to think latvian women are actually taller than i am : / ( 168 cm ) oh well , at least now i know where i 'll have an even harder time finding a date, 
  even though i am anti ttip ( fuck large corporations , they should get less power , not more ) ; i can see some parallels between the anti-ttip movement and the brexit movement . 
  i mean , the : `` unelected us multinationals are suing us and imposing american regulations on us . 
  let 's take back control . 
  vote leave '' argument is pretty close to the one brexiteers used . 
  even though i am anti ttip ( fuck large corporations , they should get less power , not more ) ; i can see some parallels between the anti-ttip movement and the brexit movement . 
  i mean , the : `` unelected us multinationals are suing us and imposing american regulations on us . 
  let 's take back control . 
  vote leave '' argument is pretty close to the one brexiteers used . 
  it still is here though : /, 
  i 'm going to guess this : http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/headlines/2013/02/mississippi-officially-abolishes-slavery-ratifies-13th-amendment/, 
  madrid says hi  they 've always denied a referendum and catalonia is n't independent as of now . 
  so does venezuela , and yet they are a shithole : /, 
  which new spanish government ? 
  did we get a government out of nowhere overnight ? 
  does n't the us have the electoral college to balance that though ? 
  ( as horribly as that works though . 
  the only failure in that though , is that not all people can vote for all parties . 
  for example , brits could not vote for junker , as the epp has no british parties . 
  that 's probably the reason he is called an `` unelected brussels bureaucrat '' . 
  direct elections would give him more legitimacy , but i 'm afraid turnout would be even more abysmal than it is today . 
  well , the original brexit , as some call it , happened that year :p, 
  i do n't smoke , but a friend of mine does and the \u00bf 20 ? 
  cigarrete pack of marlboro costs him 3 $ . 
  our tobacco tax is very low for the country though ( we are almost a tax heaven for that in fact xd ) . 
  on the mainland i guess it would cost like 4 or 5 . 
  to be fair , the recession did hit us very hard ( we have n't recovered , unemployment is still high as fuck and salaries are very low ) ; yet no far right movements have risen, 
  pretty much this . 
  iirc , they were originally expected to join alongside spain and portugal ( 1986 ), 
   using the language of nation who has essentially told the eu and centralisation to `` fuck off '' ? 
  well , ireland and malta are going nowhere :p, 
  out of memory : portugal , france , italy and greece . 
  ( probably more ) france and italy are more like centre left if anything though, 
  not exactly a `` bible belt '' , but castille is pretty conservative here , forming more of a `` bible circle '' , comprised of both castilles and debatably madrid , valencia and murcia . 
  they are n't religious , but they are definitely conservative . 
  yeah , pretty much this . 
  as one of my history teachers put it once : if we truly had 25 % unemployment instead of a lot of it being fake , we 'd probably be in another civil war right now . 
  yeah , pretty much this . 
  even in the best of circumpstances , spain has never had `` full employment '' ( ie under 5 % ) , unless you want to count franco 's times , when women were n't even registered as unemployed . 
  even there we only hit like 3 % in the late 60s iirc . 
  the record under democracy was late into zapatero 's first term iirc , when we had like 8,5 % . 
  that was at the peak of the housing bubble and the 00s boom though . 
  in fact , one of his reelection slogans was `` for full employment '' . 
  i think we all know how that one worked out in the end . 
  [ i think i nailed it ] ( http://imgur.com/a/x7rrf ), 
  to be fair , here you must be a paying member of the party to be able to choose the leader , and even then it 's not guaranteed you 'll get primaries ( i wish we were actually like the us in this regard , with primaries for everyone ) . 
  for example , out of the 4 main parties ( ordered most conservative to most left wing ) : pp has never ever made a primary to elect their leader . 
  their leaders are elected by the party leaders . 
  hell , iirc rajoy was directly appointed by his predecessor aznar in 2004 !, 
  ciudadanos did make a primary iirc , but there was only 1 candidate . 
  you still must join the party to vote though , paying at least 10 $ a month . 
  the psoe ran the most competitive primary last time , with their current leader ( pedro sanchez ) falling very short of a majority ( 49,7 % iirc ) . 
  they also ran a fairly open one , with the requirements to vote being one of these : - be a full party member ( 10 $ a month or so ) - be a party sympathiser ( register on their website , they 'll send you ads and stuff ) - be above 16 ( very odd considering 16 year olds ca n't vote ) , sign a paper saying you like the party and pay 2 $ .
