  they claim they would prefer a `` more social eu '' and that that 's why so many want to leave the eu , but they would never push for a `` spexit '' . 
  melenchon is a lot more anti eu for example, 
  for all what 's worth , one of those spain-skeptic parties is also anti eu ( \u00bf anarchist-communist-far left ? 
  cup ) they are the smallest one though , at 9/135 legislators i believe, 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  yeah , macron won every city in a landslide iirc , woth the exception of marseille i think , which was * only * 66-33 ( the national average ), 
  for the us i 've seen both 400 + ev and more than 10 points used as thresholds for a landslide . 
  tbh it 's not a * huge * loss imo . 
  other than maybe being a slippery slope it 's one of the few cuts i agree with . 
  the conservatives ? 
  except for the `` this website uses cookies '' pop-ups . 
  that 's fucking infuriating and has to be the worst idea the eu has ever had !!!, 
  japan is doing pretty well without inmigrants . 
  does n't sound too bad , especially the 2nd one . 
  ( the poverty rate * is * high ) . 
   it 's strategic . 
  macron 's program is generally terrible and it 's basically the continuity of what 's been done here for 30 years ( which basically does n't work ) . 
  why do you say france is n't working ? 
  unemployment is low , the country is growing ( slowly but better than recession ) and the welfare state works . 
  other than terrorism , i do n't see why france is supposedly doing so badly . 
  dear freedom fries :p, 
  oh , then i can understand why she is n't going . 
  normally here we have a debate with the leaders of the main parties ( normally 2 , but there were 4 in 2016 ) and a second debate with the leaders of some of the minor parties ( not all nationalists are invited , just the 2 catalan ones and a basque ; plus the far left when they contesteed the election separately ) . 
  to this second debate the major parties send a surrogate . 
  so for the uk that would mean a may-corbyn debate and a boris johnson ? - someone from labour-farron-sturgeon-greens-whoever leads the welsh nationalists debate, 
  did romney or mccain ever critizise obama ? 
  why not just have a regular 2 way debate ( may vs corbyn ) instead ? 
  ( add the lib dems of they are polling particularly high , which they are n't ) . 
  i 've sometimes seen podemos be described as `` alt-left '' so i guess yeah , they do exist, 
  just checked out 4chan 's / pol / , first message was literally an email of macron ( or someone in his campaign ) ordering 12 hawaiian pizzas and 4chan claiming `` see !, 
  that proves he is a paedophile '' . 
  i mean , he and his campaign might have terrible taste , but still . 
   if macron has a poor showing in that election it 'll really harm his presidency and his ability to get stuff done . 
  i think he can dissolve parliament and have a new election after 1 year though . 
  the most likelys scenario if he is delegitimized is probably : the republicans ( led by someone other than fillon ) unexpectedly are the largest party and macron is forced to put their candidate as pm . 
  in 1 or 2 years when the storm is over , he calls for a new election and wins . 
   now polls are forbidden in france so it 's hard to tell what are the consequences on french voters . 
  could a pollster do a poll regardless , and publish it with some fruit code ( so say , macron = banana le pen = eggplant ) in andorra as `` the mysterious fruit shop that predicts andorra 's co-prince ? '', 
  at least that 's what a pollster does here ( do a poll , publish it in andorra ) , with all newspapers reporting it like that . 
  here 's an article explaining it : http://www.importantcool.com/whats-that-got-to-do-with-the-price-of-fruit-in-andorra/ i guess france could do the same . 
  for all what 's worth , i do n't remember any influences from russia in our election . 
  maybe we are n't important enough :d ( though iran and venezuela did influence a bit , mostly by supporting podemos ), 
  because that means that the government is anti eu ? 
  though it depends on which country you are talking about . 
  i do n't think there are any eu countries with an anti eu government and an anti eu opposition ( i do n't count the uk , both labour and the conservatives are divided on the issue ), 
   we only spend money on football and women . 
  i think you meant `` invest '' there :p, 
  well , sure , that has to be fixed . 
  the eu need some advertising so people know what they vote for, 
  there 's s&d ( pvda ) and gue/ngl ( sp ) , but if you do n't like junker and verhofstadt , you probably wo n't like those either , especially the first . 
  there 's also wilders and pvv . 
  but that 's just how eu elections work . 
  most people want junker , verhofstadt and schulz ( before he left back to germany ) . 
  i guess something like the british tories ( ecr ) would be your ideal but they do n't run in most places . 
  they do run in the netherlands though , should vote cu in the next election . 
   eu 's brexit negotiator demands all talks are conducted in french for all what 's worth the peace deal between the us and spain in 1898 * was * written in english and french , but that war was basically a one sided war . 
  unless the us suddenly collapse that is n't going to happen . 
  should i remind you the language everyone uses here ? 
  yes fellow human !, 
  we should leave to a sub that does not allow bots though , like / r/totallynotrobots, 
  soft = eea or equivalent deal hard = ceta , equivalent or no deal, 
  maybe it 's a referendum on whether the constitution should be reformed or not ? 
  as in propose their reforms , make a non binding referendum , get a `` yes '' vote that forces all ther parties to pass the reform because `` the will of the people '' , 2nd referendum ? 
  well , there are tons of anti-federalist parties out there ( wilders ' pvv is the best known dutch one i think ), 
  why not make corporation tax progressive ( larger companies pay more ) . 
  also it does not increase costs , it only taxes profits . 
  if you are losing money you are not taxed . 
  also , remove all loopholes whatsoever , and if a company ( especially a large one ) is found using any loophole , it is forced to pay every cent they avoided . 
  we live in the dankest timeline after all , everything is possible :p, 
  is n't there a large statue of clinton in kosovo ? 
  i think he is a pretty important figure in former yugoslavia . 
  it 's an alt-right legend . 
  probably both, 
  may we borrow him ? 
  :p you can keep rajoy, 
  to be fair , i do n't think rajoy himself is corrupt , but certainly most of the pp leadership is . 
  then again it could have been worse . 
  imagine if rato had been aznar 's successor instead of rajoy xd, 
  i thought the leader was antonio costa ? 
  yeah , i think they call that a `` negative majority '' , when the extremist parties have an absolute majority . 
  in that situation i guess maybe the cdu makes a minority government tolerated by the afd and/or spd ? 
   she said that macron was basically responsible of all the problems of the country since like 40 years of government . 
  is n't macron actually younger than 40 years old ? 
  so according to le pen he was responsible for all problems france has had since before he was even born !, 
  spain has a proportional system and it used to be a 2 party system , with the 2 largest parties regularly getting over 90 % of the seats ( interestingly , absolute majorities were n't all that common so the large parties still had to compromise with regional parties ) . 
  that has stopped being true since 2015 though, 
  kind of similar here with pablo iglesias , although his brand of populism is obviously a lot different . 
  he is seen as a good debater . 
  ( interestingly , rajoy is seen as a terrible debater but he performed ok in the debate ), 
   that 's why they bank all in the presidential , and why their program include an urgency change of the constitutional rules of election can the president unilaterally reform the constitution in france ? 
  did you ever hear the story of darth le pen the wise ? 
  til podemos defended leaving the eu , the euro , closing borders , etc they do have more in common in the economy , except in the area of protectionism, 
  but that 's already surrendered to the germans !, 
  i think the treaty that gave gibraltar only gave the land ? 
  not including the waters ? 
  pretty sure spain is cheaper than any area in the us, 
  sad but true :( idk why you are being downvoted, 
  yeah , outside of touristy areas it should n't be an issue . 
  and even in touristy areas there is usually an area where people can semi-affordably live . 
  only ibiza has important problems with rent , because you can win more by renting your flat to foreigners for 3-4 months a year than to spaniards year round .
