  only countries that can claim that they were misled are : france , germany , italy , luxembourg , belgium , the netherlands ( joined at the start ) , uk ( who is leaving anyways ) , ireland , denmark ( joined 1973 ) , greece ( 1981 ) , portugal and spain ( 1986 ) . 
  the eu became a political union as well in 1992 , with the maastricht treaty . 
  so everyone who entered afterwards knew what they were signing up for ( including finland ) . 
  of the remaining countries , some * have * opposed the eu taking more powers in referendums , most notably france , the netherlands ( both 2005 ) and the uk ( brexit ) . 
  however others seem to be very happy about it , like spain ( 82 % in favour in 2005 ) or luxembourg ( 56 % in favour the same year ) . 
  also ireland even if a 2nd referendum was needed . 
  however that 2nd one did have a higher margin and higher turnout . 
  i do agree that the eu should be more democratic than it currently is though . 
  at the very least putting the parliament as the most important institution . 
   the party that will probably come second are communists , literally . 
  the assholes who robbed and brutalized our people for four fucking decades are back . 
  are those commies exactly the same guys as in the 80s ? 
  or have they reformed somehow ? 
  ( moving to something closer to say , melenchon or corbyn ), 
  to be fair i thought too low inflation was not a problem if you control the central bank ? 
  just print more money ? 
  if you know spanish , check yourself the largest board by far ( general ) : https://www.forocoches.com/foro/forumdisplay.php?f=2 if not , well , it 's basically the largest message board in spain . 
  it 's a standard message board , ie not an image board like 4chan or whatever reddit is ( ca n't create your own boards there ) . 
  in terms of style it 's a lot closer to 4chan than reddit though . 
  also , ca n't post without an account , which is invite only for some reason . 
  well , i like it quite a lot , that 's part of the charm xd but yeah , it 's more like 4chan in that regard . 
  people say the reddit equivalent is men\u00e9ame and while the website works almost the same , men\u00e9ame really only has news for the most part ( have n't used it much though , maybe it has more ) . 
  i guess it 's reddit if it only had / r/news and / r/worldnews, 
  yeah , only disadvantage is that it 's invite only . 
  spain can not into reddit :(, 
  we send the eu 350 million pounds a week . 
  let 's send them to northern ireland instead . 
  oh , really ? 
  then forget it . 
  it 's either cut taxes or spend on some social programs or something ( or both ) . 
  if there 's a surplus is n't precisely the time to either invest more ( left ) or cut taxes ? 
  ( right ) or maybe just save the money for whenever there 's an economic downturn and pay off germany 's debt ? 
  ( not like that 's a problem but still ), 
  from what i see , in terms of compromising and stuff the current ranking seems to be sk  cz  pl  hu slovakia is clearly cooperating , and the czech republic as well , if maybe slightly less . 
  poland is not cooperating but i think polls are predicting the current government to fall iirc ( or at least it will be close ) . 
  hungary is really the only one where it would be very tough , with orban getting 50 % of the vote and a party that makes him look very moderate getting another 15-20 . 
  if there 's a referendum , what are the chances of it passing ? 
  as far as i know all countries have adopted the euro without a referendum for some reason ( those who did one rejected it ), 
  i guess they can just look the other way ? 
  alternatively i think a non binding referendum would be legal ( of course if `` yes '' won then we would have a problem ), 
  independence day ftfy , 
  ok , here 's an interesting piece from the new york times talking about catalonia . 
  i 'm honestly surprised to find that it 's an editorial piece !, 
  here 's the text if you ca n't read it for some reason :  spain is determined to prevent a catalonian referendum on independence , even though its tough attitude toward catalan leaders has probably only increased enthusiasm for a measure with questionable support . 
   a new round in a long game of chicken began earlier this month , after catalonia 's president , carles puigdemont , announced an independence referendum on oct. 1 . 
  spain 's culture , sport and education minister , \u00cd\u00f1igo m\u00e9ndez de vigo , vowed : `` what i can say is what will not happen on oct. 1 -- an illegal referendum that goes against the constitution . ''  after catalonia 's government staged a nonbinding independence vote in 2014 , spain charged the autonomous region 's leader at the time , artur mas , with the crimes of disobedience and breach of trust . 
  in march , a court fined mr. mas the equivalent of $ 39,000 and banned him from holding public office for two years . 
  the trial only succeeded in galvanizing catalan separatists , as hundreds of thousands took to the streets in september to demand that their politicians push ahead on independence . 
   but while independence was approved in the 2014 ballot measure , less than half the electorate took part , and many catalans see clear advantages in remaining a part of spain , such as membership in the european union . 
   spain might suppress secessionist impulses more successfully by putting its own house in order . 
  political gridlock and two inconclusive elections left spain effectively without a national government for 10 months last year , and while the government , reeling from a corruption scandal , survived a no-confidence vote last week , the effort showed that political divisions continue to roil spain . 
   a more capable central government could head off independence fervor by giving the region a better economic return . 
  catalonia contributes nearly a fifth of spain 's gross domestic product , yet the region receives just 9.5 percent of spain 's national budget . 
  negotiating in good faith with catalan leaders to find a political solution , rather than relying on the judiciary 's restrictive interpretation of the constitution to punish catalan efforts for greater autonomy , would also help . 
   the best outcome for spain would be to permit the referendum , and for catalan voters to reject independence -- as voters in quebec and scotland have done . 
  otherwise , madrid 's intransigence will only inflame catalan frustrations . 
  to be fair the first did n't end well , did n't it ? 
  may as well try the 2nd . 
  disclaimer : that movement is basically a guy with a blog . 
  although i do like thinking that they want to join spain for some reason xd, 
  iirc podemos had in their manifesto a plan to remove the fences in ceuta and melilla . 
  that 's one of the worst ideas i 've ever heard . 
  or maybe it was just the barbed wire at the top ? 
  ( that would at least make some sense . 
  i 'm against it but i can at least see why ) edit : yeah , it was just the barbed wire at the top . 
  could n't find it in their 2016 manifesto , but it is indeed part of their 2015 one . 
  look at point 316 . https://lasonrisadeunpais.es/wp-content/plugins/programa/data/programa-es.pdf they basically wanted : * no more illegal deportations ( i think they mean those whenever someone jumps the fence illegally , they are sent back to morocco right after they are caught ) * removing the barbed wire at the top of the fences * new acting protocol ( not specified ) * revising the accords with morocco to respect the `` no returns '' protocol ( whatever that was ), 
  so what ? 
  there are also tons of terrorist attacks in the west . 
  london has had several in less than a month . 
  that does n't mean the country is unsafe . 
  in theory for all eu member states . 
  there was an exception made for cyprus as reunification seemed likely and northern cyprus is recognized by no one though , but kosovo has a lot more legitimacy than northern cyprus so i do n't think this applies here . 
  so , that means serbia and montenegro will join together ? 
  ( in say , 2025 , probably more like 2030 ), 
  first of all the government will take it to the constitutional court , which will declare it unconstitutional ( it 's blatantly unconstitutional ) . 
  after that , i can see 2 scenarios : * 1 : the government steps in , and forbids the referendum , taking control of catalonia directly and arresting the governor if necessary ( article 155 of the spanish constitution ) . 
  * 2 : the government lets it slip like with the [ 2014 `` participative process '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_self-determination_referendum,_2014 ) . 
  the referendum sees 90 % + yes votes , but abysmal turnout ( 40-50 % ) . 
  then either the governor of catalonia acts on the result regardless and declares independence ( thus triggering scenario 1 ) or calls a snap election . 
  imo scenario 2 is a lot likelier . 
  scenario 1 is a really hardline one , although for all what 's worth a former deputy prime minister did call for it reciently !, 
  ( a left wing one actually ! ), 
  for all what 's worth we got 2 completely new parties in the 2015 general election getting 110 seats combined . 
  not as good as macron 's party , but still really good for spanish standards ( up until now most new parties were lucky if they got seats at all , and even established third parties rarely got more than a dozen seats or so ) . 
  yeah , psoe at large is doing pretty bad . 
  22 % of the vote is better than the french ps or the dutch pvda , but still half of what it had only 9 years ago ( 2008 ) , probably because many of its voters went to the far left podemos . 
  also , those southern barons basically got wrecked on the leadership election , with their candidate losing by 10 points ( 50-40 , with a third candidate between the 2 getting 10 % ) , when she was supposed to win a landslide ( kinda like theresa may i guess ) . 
  for all what 's worth though , psoe did do pretty well in the 2015 regional elections , gaining places they had n't held in 20 years like the valencian community !, 
  then again at the time podemos and cs were barely developed . 
  does ' t soft brexit mean some exceptions for farming and fishing ? 
  i can totally see scottish fishermen and welsh farmers loving it, 
  i think that 's the website 's logo or something , or the first pic the site found xd for all what 's worth podemos is in favour of a referendum but divided on this one because it 's unilateral . 
  article translation : the catalan daily ara has in its sunday edition an exclusive survey commissioned to the opiniometre institute , with a sample of 1000 respondents , in which it asks about the referendum of independence of catalonia that unless prevented will be done the next october 1st . 
  as for participation , the sum of those who say that they will vote with total security and those who will surely go 64 % . 
  the data : ** do you want catalonia to become an independent state in the form of a republic ? 
  ** yes 42.3 % no : 38.9 % unsure 9.1 % blank : 5 % did n't answer : 3.7 % ** turnout ** would definitely vote : 54.9 % would probably vote : 9.3 % would not vote : 24.3 % unsure : 10.8 % the original article in catalan has a lot more data , including the split by party and the like : http://www.ara.cat/politica/referendum-independencia-enquesta-avantatge-si-intencio-vot_0_1816618387.html, 
  the only treaty change since slovakia entered was the lisbon treaty . 
  what is wrong with that one ? 
  and by the time slovakia entered the eu was already a political union,
