  and even then i though greece was only questioned on euro membership ? 
  ( eu membership being pretty safe ), 
  doe n't thay already exist ? 
  i thought the single european market was already a thing in the eu ( and eea ), 
  to be fair i checked the polling once and out of the countries without the euro and without an optout , sweden and another one ( czech republic i think ? ), 
  did have large majorities against joining . 
  however of the others poland had a roughly 50-50 split and everyone else was mostly in favour . 
  not like they should be forced of course . 
  all ( except denmark ) are forced to join eventually , but that eventually can come in a very long time . 
  i personally prefer the montenegro one . 
  minimum of 55 % yes . 
  not sure if it had minimum turnout . 
  alternatively just ask for say , 40 % of the total voting population ( and more yes than no , either by 50 % +1 or by 55 % ), 
  personally i feel like these kinds of referendums should come with a clause not allowing more on the same subject on the next 25 years or so ( maybe add an exception if there 's a supermajority in parliament like say , 2/3 or 4/5 ), 
  well , we have tons of people with that mindset about catalonia . 
  it 's basically a `` i want to stay but the voice of the people should be heard '' thing . 
  pff get on our level . 
  almost a year and we almost went to a 3rd round of elections :p and belgium is like the grand masters of long coalition talks . 
  currently 22c . 
  today has been a cloudy day tbh . 
  not exactly thr best weather to go to the beach ( although not too bad either i guess ) . 
  no rain though . 
  to be fair that also means that not all candidates run in all countries . 
  if i had wanted , say , nigel farage ( efdd ) as eu commision president for some bizarre reason , i could not vote for him as no efdd members exist in spain . 
  similar for a brit who wanted to vote for junker for example, 
  in ireland at large maybe , but probably not in northern ireland, 
  i personally feel like this kind of votes are `` once in a generation '' deals , and that scotland should n't have another referendum in at the very least 20 years ( when people born now would be able to vote ) . 
  fine , so now i can go wear a hat in class ? 
  afaik the only successful far leftist reciently is corbyn in the uk , and he is not prime minister anyways , he just overperformed a lot . 
  in fact the only eu government with an arguably far left leader is greece with tsipras , and i do n't think he is far left in inmigration anyways and has also moderated a lot i think . 
  melenchon lost , france elected a centrist . 
  the netherlands have quite a right wing parliament now . 
  pablo iglesias lost , spain elected a right wing pm . 
  either a small plot of land is occupied ( fairly easy on lybia , they have a lot of stuff to worry about ) , or they are bribed ( easy on tunisia/egypt/morocco , they have fairly stable governments ), 
  east germany entered the eu automatically when they fused with west germany . 
  why would it be different for ireland ? 
  yeah , same here . 
  at least here in spain ( idk about france ) a party getting an absolute majority means they have a blank check to do whatever they want for the next 4 years . 
  2 round elections . 
  macron 's party is not that great as a first choice , but because it 's a centrist party , the left will vote it to keep out the right and the right will vote it to keep out the left every time there 's a runoff . 
  i think the us use a similar system in some states ( louisiana and california iirc ) . 
  not sure if that makes louisianan and californian politicians more centrist though . 
  yeah , same here . 
  absolute lowest majority was in 1989 , when 40 % of votes gave exactly 175 mps ( half of parliament ) . 
  for the most part in spain if you are at 40 % + you 'll probably get an absolute majority unless the opposition is also very unified ( like in 2008 , when one party won 45 % but did n't get a majority because the opposition got 43 % or so ), 
  well , rajoy might be very corrupt , but at least he is not crazy so i guess us ? . 
   i hope when we leave , you start reforming spain and you can finally get a federal state . 
  actually the opposite is more likely . 
  if catalonia ( and the basque country ) leave , spain will probably become more centralized not less . 
  :( who will stand up for a federal state ? 
  only the canary islands and valencia have regionalists represented in parliament , and only 1 from the canary islands contested the election alone ( cc ; nc went inside psoe and compromis inside up ) . 
  hopefully i 'm wrong and we at least keep status quo powered by the remaining communities with nationalist sentiments ( valencia , balearic islands , canary islands and galicia ) but centralism will probably become more powerful . 
  for all what 's worth i did the math and if catalonia did n't exist pp would have won 2008 by 2 mps , but lost 2004 ( 1 mp less than psoe ) . 
   but i do n't want to take part on this reform . 
  i 'm already too tired of spain ... such a complex and difficult country . 
  so many problems that should have been solved decades ago , and still persist ; like the fascism that still resists . 
  i do not agree in this . 
  being a complex and difficult country is what makes spain good imo :d also , the fascism is almost nonexistant . 
  franco died over 40 years ago . 
  falange still exists sure , but they get what , 0.05 % ? 
  they do n't even have councillors in any townhall !, 
  ( and we have quite a lot of them ), 
  yeah , i am not really that in favour of one but i agree . 
  illegal ? 
  sure . 
  legitimate ? 
  seeing how rajoy will do absolutely nothing , probably . 
  i do wish there was more dialog and an agreement on some midle point ( federal state ? ), 
  was reached :(, 
  spain is not a soviet oppressive dictatorship . 
  maybe in the 60s you would be right but not now . 
  probably more like 1 lithuanian guy . 
  or is the lithuanian pm somehow in favour ? 
  if i were a civil servant in catalonia i would actually be extremely worried . 
  who would i obey ? 
  the regional government asking me to do something illegal but is my employer or the national law ? 
  i do n't get that . 
  why vote for sf , which will do nothing to help you in westminster ? 
  would n't the sdlp be a better choice for northern irish nationalists ? 
   the tories , the conservative party ... managed to form a coalition where they are arguably the least scum in the coalition . 
  i mean , maybe the dup will implode in the next election like the lib dems in 2010 ? 
  that would be a silver lining i guess . 
  imo it 's quite a dumb question . 
  the republic part could have been omited . 
  did anyone think for a second an independent catalonia would remain a monarchy ? 
  a better question could have been `` do you want catalonia to become an independent country ? '', 
  for all what 's worth , erc+pdec at + up do n't have 2/3 of catalonia 's seats in congress either , so you could argue that there 's not enough of a mandate to reform the constutition but it 's a filmsy argument, 
  sure , but the process is the same . 
  2/3 in both the congress and senate , snap elections , 2/3 again and a referendum in all of spain . 
  if we are going to go through all that hassle we might as well redo the constitution so it fits everyone , and several other changes that might be discussed ( monarchy/republic , electoral system , powers of the autonomous communities , senate reform , etc ), 
  tbh the process to give catalonia independence is the same as to rewrite the constitution from scratch . 
  imo if we are going to do that we might as well rewrite the constitution and start over creating a country no one would want to leave . 
  there has n't been that much polling ( about 1 poll every month or 2 ) , but averaging the last few polls i 'd say it 's roughly tied ( average pointed towards yes winning by a point ), 
  if not then who else ? 
  psoe is probably the most likely of the 3 ( which is not saying much ) psoe seems like the easiest path , i think the party voters are divided on the referendum issue . 
  ( voters . 
  most leaders are opposed to it . 
  i do n't think s\u00e1nchez will be any different ), 
  iirc a recient poll said that something like 75 % of spaniards disapprove of rajoy 's handling of the catalonia issue . 
  hell even 56 % of pp voters disapprove iirc !,
