  * if you are going to a large city ( madrid/barcelona mostly , but other large spanish cities like seville as well ) , you are better off flying with another airline as iberia is also the most expensive airline . 
  it 's ok if you have to take another flight afterwards ( say , if you are going from here to the us you 'll connect at madrid so you might as well take all flights with the same airline to avoid trouble ) . 
  compared to other flag carriers they are good enough i guess . 
  never flown with a flag carrier other than iberia . 
   are there any routes you like and are there any you think should be added ? 
  not really . 
  their routes from here seem good enough to me . 
  adding destinations outside spain would face very harsh competition from airlines like easyjet or ryanair ( or even stuff like airberlin ) so it 's too late for that . 
  destinations inside the islands are covered by small regional airlines ( binter and canaryfly ) . 
  more destinations in the peninsula would be ok i guess , though i ca n't think of any particular route . 
   do they get any special treatment from the government ? 
  not that i know of . 
   how is the government involved in their day-to-day operations ( if at all ) ? 
  do you like this arrangement , or would you prefer a different level of involvement ? 
  iirc the spanish government actually used to own the airline , but it got privatized some time in the 80s or 90s . 
  i wish it had n't so it could give the govenment extra income but i guess it 's too late for that . 
  ca n't the world invade saudi arabia a la irak ? 
  they seem no better than north korea imo, 
  spanish constitution does not allow a binding vote or secession . 
  a non binding vote could happen i guess but it 's almost impossible and would make no one happy . 
  unfortunately no but i do wish they do . 
  susana has literally every important psoe member ever with her . 
  for some reason the 2017 psoe primary reminds me of the us 2016 democratic primary . 
  replace clinton with diaz and sanchez with sanders . 
  they could have and they might have even tried but s\u00e1nchez was deposed by his own party because of wanting that . 
  if he does win the primary ( unlikely but i hope he does ) and he can get enough votes ( i think pnv would be the kingmaker ) i would not rule out a vote of no confidence on rajoy . 
  alternatively rajoy dissolves parliament and calls for new elections in about a year and a half or so . 
  probably not but it 's not like there 's anyone or anything else to prevail instead . 
  though i 'd argue climate change is a better argument for that . 
  i mean , as a man i can only think of one reason for women not to be drafted , which is that one man can put several women pregnant while the reverse is not true . 
  of course if you have to worry about that it 's basically ww3 or worse so it would n't matter in the end because nukes . 
  hope he does n't do that ath the eu level though : /, 
  well , here are some maps summing them up nicely https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/56/0c/37/560c37f7e03fcd235059969ff22266e8.jpg https://i.redd.it/dmbb5hvoi1by.jpg, 
  many national subs work as de facto asking subs . 
  i guess just replace the link to / r/unitedkingom to / r/askuk and same with large subs . 
  for small ones ( like say , / r/spain ) just use the standard sub, 
  erc in catalonia ? 
  snp in scotland ? 
  for all what 's worth at least here legalization of drugs is not partisan at all . 
  yesterday , cantabria 's regional parliament referred a law to the national congress asking for legalization of medical marijuana . 
  and while it was pushed by the pp ( right wing ) , since one of their legislators has cancer and published an article defending legal medical marijuana ; it was passed on that regional parliament by unanimous vote , and i guess if it goes to the national congress it will also pass unanimously or mostly unanimously . 
  i guess try something like / r/changemyview if you want to be challenged ? 
  actually , while reddit has a left wing bias for american standards , that puts it as centrist for europe , oddly enough . 
  the sanders guys would probably be the centre-left and the more conservative people would be the centre right . 
  the the_donald people and the like would be the voters of far right parties in europe ( fn , afd , pvv , etc ) . 
  though the issues vary a lot tbh . 
  foreign policy is less important in europe , other than maybe the relation with the eu . 
  guns are also not an issue , and neither is healthcare for the most part . 
  the last election in the us for example had these issues apparently : health care costs , economic inequality , terrorism , foreign policy ( russia , iran , syria , brexit ) , gun control , treatment of minorities , immigration policy , shifting media landscape of those , only economic inequality was a big issue on the last spanish election ( 2015/2016 ) . 
  healthcare was also an issue , but usually bundled with education and other stuff under `` government spending and social services '' ( then again healthcare is handled by the states here , it 's usually a topic for regional elections ) . 
  however , everything else was barely handled , if at all . 
  after the defeat of eta in 2011 terrorism has n't been that big of an issue in spain thankfully ( maybe if we get attacks it will be back on the spotlight , but lets hope it does n't ) . 
  same thing goes for treatment of minorities and inmigration policy . 
  they were popular issues back in the 00s , when inmigration to spain was high , but not now when we have more people leaving than coming in . 
  and guns and the media have never been an issue here , except maybe whether the public broadcaster tve is working fine or not , but it 'd be very minor in any case . 
  i think our last election was basically centered on the economy and everything related . 
  i 'd probably say 4 : the parents and 2 children . 
  some families have more children , some have only 1 , but i 'd say the average is 4 . 
  nah , that would have been latvia :p, 
   the mossos will obey the new legislation till the hague says something at the respect not really . 
  i think they have said they will support the central government but whatever , i 'll give you those if it makes you happy . 
   and so will guardia civil members . 
  they take orders directly from madrid , not from catalonia 's regional government . 
  same goes for policia nacional and the army . 
  hope nothing happens but if there 's a clash between the mossos and the gc , it wo n't be pretty ( it 's basically 1934 's coup/revolution all over again )  you do n't seem to get what the ste in of international community and the hague as the only court that will have real power means as far as i know literally no eu country supports catalonia 's position . 
  i guess maybe russia might , but they are definitely not getting involved , they have more important things to do . 
  lithuania , where it is on a map of europe and that the capital is vilnus . 
  that 's about it . 
  from reddit i did learn a couple things more , like that it belonged to the ussr or that it was once part of poland , but that 's about it . 
  well , i did not make [ this map ] ( http://www.gifex.com/images/0x0/2009-12-08-11364/mapa-de-las-comunidades-autonomas-de-espana.png ) idk why la rioja is its own community , but it is , and should be as respected as catalonia , madrid or the other 15 + ceuta + melilla, 
  ok , since it 's a * de facto * udi , the mossos or the guardia civil just arrest puigdemont and the rest under charges of rebellion i guess . 
   it would not be ilegal , transition laws would create a new legislation that would force international community to enter the conflict . 
  so , article 155 it is then ? 
   can you name then what nations compose spain ? 
  galicia , asturias , cantabria , pa\u00eds vasco , navarra , la rioja , castilla y le\u00f3n , arag\u00f3n , catalu\u00f1a , madrid , castilla-la mancha , valencia , baleares , murcia , andaluc\u00eda , extremadura , canarias and the 2 city states of ceuta and melilla, 
  article 167  1 . 
  bills on constitutional amendments must be approved by a majority of three-fifths of members of each house . 
  if there is no agreement between the houses , an effort to reach it shall be made by setting up a joint committee of an equal number of members of congress and senators which shall submit a text to be voted on by the congress and the senate . 
  if approval is not obtained by means of the procedure outlined in the foregoing subsection , and provided that the text has been passed by the overall majority of the members of the senate , the congress may pass the amendment by a two-thirds vote in favour . 
  once the amendment has been passed by the cortes generales , it shall be submitted to ratification by referendum , if so requested by one tenth of the members of either house within fifteen days after its passage . 
  ** at the time , psoe+pp controlled more than 90 % of both the congress and the senate , so they could force the ammendment without a referendum . 
  sure , but even if podemos keeps rising , they 'll never get the 2/3 majority required to unilaterally reform the constitution . 
  the largest landslide ever in spanish history happened in 1982 , when the psoe got 48 % of the vote . 
  even then they were still shy of the 3/5 majority for simple changes to the constitution ( 202/350 seats , needed 210 ) , let alone the 2/3 majority for an new constitution . 
  no way 70 % of people participate . 
  last regional election saw a very high 75 % turnout , but you have to consider that : * even if it were a legal referendum and all , some people would stay at home regardless . 
  scotland saw 85 % turnout for example * all pp and cs voters , most psoe voters and i guess even some podemos and pro independence voters would stay home if the referendum is worthless like 2014 . 
  that one saw only 40 % turnout , only slightly more than the amount of jxsi + cup voters in 2015 * in an illegal referendum like 2014 , only 60 % for independence would be an absolute failure . 
  2014 saw 80 % for independence . 
  ( though it would depend on turnout . 
  the higher the turnout the more legitimate it will be ), 
  for all what 's worth , the pp 2016 manifesto did mention gibraltar for some reason xd, 
  as you can see , this board ( and / r/europe ) are extremely pro-eu . 
  anyways , in my case i 'd like to stay , thank you very much . 
  i 'd say nba is kinda popular , but everything else might as well not exist, 
  well , i live in the canary islands , so not green at all unless it rains ( and even then it 's green only for 1 month or 3 weeks ) . 
  the mountains are a lot greener though , but still not quite to say , northern spain levels , not even close . 
  for all what 's worth several european westerns were recorded in that region of spain . 
  it does not offend at all , that 's exactly what the meseta is , with the exception of madrid and some larger cities . 
  sure , i meant up until 2009 or so .
