  tl ; dr : the king only has daughters . 
  if he were to have a son now , that would create a lot of unrelated problems . 
  still , probably no ( as far as i understand , royal inmunity means that the king still ca n't do the illegal stuff , but wo n't be punished if he does something illegal ) actually , that 'd be a pretty mindblowing situation , as since the king as of now only has daughters , that would mean that the crown would now go to the newly born son . 
  a constitutional reform would be needed to make the crown go to the eldest daughter , but if we are going to go that route , there are tons of other things we could tackle ( ranging from catalonia 's independence to abolishing the monarchy entirely ), 
  all other parties have pledged to remove it though , so hopefully it will end up being removed, 
  the infamous sun tax !, 
  :( to be fair , electric companies are probably one of the largest lobbies in the country . 
  2 out of 3 still living former prime ministers got a job at one after they retired !, 
  ( zapatero being the exception , oddly enough ), 
  nope , that 's not allowed either ( in fact , they yake your baby to an orphan 's home if you ca n't give him any shelter , even if it 's at a relative 's house ; if i 'm not mistaken ), 
  ok , here are some weird random laws ( unsure if any of them are true though ) : in seville it 's illegal to search in the thrash ( 700 euro fine ) in tenerife politicians attempted to make it illegal to make sandcastles in madrid it 's illegal to beg for money with a dog ( but totally legal to beg without one ) in bilbao it 's illegal to sleep in your car . 
  in madrid ( and maybe barcelona too ? ), 
  street musicians have to pass a test in the entire country the king can do whatever he wants , and he wo n't go to jail ( he could start shooting people and nothing would happen to him ) in granada it 's illegal to have sex on your car in many cities , it 's illegal to walk without a t-shirt in some cities ( madrid , valencia , for example ) it 's illegal to sing at the street in the entire country , it 's illegal to name your son lenin also , only partially unrelated , it used to be legal to kill basques in iceland . 
  that law was apparently repeaked this year xd, 
  is n't technically the leader of the congress of deputies the responsible for whatever the king does ? 
  so , would n't he go to jail instead of felipe ? 
  to be fair , i think most national currencies are prettier than the euro . 
  however , i do n't really think that about our pre-euro currency . 
  http://www.worldbanknotescoins.com/2012/02/spain-currency-5000-pesetas-banknote-of.html?m=1 pesetas were quite ugly tbh, 
  meh , some people are already calling for a huge overhaul ( if not a completely new one ) , if only because of republicanism and catalan/basque independence . 
  then again , it 's not like any of spain 's constitutions has been long lasting ( this is the second longest lasting one actually , only surpassed by the 1876 one , and not for long ) . 
  we tend to just make another constitution from scratch at the first time we have . 
  to be fair , the gibraltarese pm said in case of brexit they 'd have to reconsider that ( which probably means another vote ) then again , he said that they are n't ready for that . 
  actually , probably the closest to a `` european civil war '' was likely ww1 , not 2 . 
  does any spanish politician actually have a positive approval rating ? 
  i mean , up until a couple months garz\u00f3n and rivera used to , but even they have started to get below a 5/10, 
  to be fair , does n't india have a ton of languages and cultures too ? 
  not like i 'd want the eu to become the next india really : /, 
   even more worrying is that practically all of the above , which is in our constitution , is not practiced . 
  it is therefore legitimate in denmark to not practice what the constitution says . 
  to be fair , which constitution does n't have articles which are n't respected even by the government ? 
  i mean , ours has lots of similar articles too ( though not respected probably for the opposite reason ) i mean , there 's one prohibiting speculation with housing . 
  i think we all know how that turned out . 
  well , the us constitution still sees more ammendments than ours ( we see approximately 1 ammendment every 19 years , and really i 'm not sure the 90s one should count ) . 
  plus , is n't it really very short , covering very little ? 
  to be fair , the us constitution was very forward thinking for it 's time ( probably slightly outdated now , but it probably was very liberal for xviii century standards ), 
  oh , so i see , it has been reformed ( thankfully ; doubt any constitution from the xix century can last without reform ) , but is still the same largely . 
  is it like the first danish constitution ever ? 
  or is it still being used ? 
  actually , according to some mathematical theory , from a point on , the sample size taken influences very little the fiabilty of the results ( iirc , that point was 3000 people ) . 
  however , the sample has to be representative , which / r/europe clearly is n't, 
  to be fair , when peopke think of `` bad eastern european inmigration '' they usually think of romania and bulgaria ( the 2007 expansion ) . 
  very few have issues with poles , hungarians , latvians , etc ( the 2004 expansion ) or even croatians ( the 2013 expansion ) i guess that 's because of their large gypsy populations . 
  none ; minoritarian as in with very low votes ( less than 1 % on the last elections iirc ), 
  damn . 
  is birmingham sort of like the uk 's detroit ? 
  i guess hitler and mussolini . 
  if you do n't want to count them since the cold war had n't started , franco definitely killed a lot of people bacause of the civil war . 
  in fact , there are still some monuments to him , but not many . 
  mostly some random villages and streets named after him , and a couple of statues, 
  for those that do n't know about it , forocoches is pretty much the spanish 4chan , sort of, 
  wo n't the eu also move some regions from takers to givers ? 
  i believe the costs will be distrubuted . 
  considering that going budapest-london by train costs around 240 $ and takes 24 hours , definitely take a plane . 
  here 's info on the train ride if you want it though : http://www.seat61.com/hungary.htm#.v1gx258unqa, 
  22/28 some questions were hard . 
  others easy . 
  not even that , iirc even russia has left wing parties in parliament ( a communist one and a social democratic one i believe ) not like russia elections are the most reliabke though, 
  does that mean they 'll be better off , worse , or the same ? 
  we were there during the 00s sweden . 
  when the bubble bursts , the situation wo n't be pretty :(, 
  ca n't denmark remove the peg though ? 
  what 's the point of having your own currency if not ? 
  you might as well use the euro if the exchange rate is tied to it, 
  probably same for spain . 
  i always thought it was illegal only under franco ( and maybe the 2nd republic/primo de rivera too ? ), 
  holy shit , number 4 in hdi ???? 
  where do i have to sign ? 
  xd and they said the country and europe were going to shit, 
  to be fair , gibraltar being part of portugal would yield that exact same result . 
  even giving it to malta would give them access to the single market and free movement, 
  well , look at andorra xd ( or san marino or liechtenstein or monaco ) . 
  it would n't be impossible for gibraltar to be an independent country . 
  in the highly unlikely case gibraltar would become a full territory of spain ( has been rejected twice already . 
  iirc one of the times the referendum got only like 2 votes in favour of that ) , most likely it would be given some sort of special status ( maybe it 'd be an autonomous city , like ceuta and melilla ? ), 
   hell , most people do n't even want any european constitution before you even start to mention the contents . 
  look at when a european constitution was proposed to the french and the dutch in a referendum - the ` non ' and ` nee ' camps , respectively , won by a landslide . 
  to be fair , this varies a lot depending on which country you are talking of . 
  spain actually ratified the eu consitution by a landslide referendum ( albeit with low turnout , especially in certain regions ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_european_constitution_referendum,_2005, 
  if the uk is n't going to be part of that , english would actually be a pretty neutral language to use ( ok , there 's ireland and malta , but they 'd be very few people at an advantage ), 
  there was a project about that , but it got turned down by some referendums in france and the netherlands . 
  then again , it was later slightly reworked and approved as the lisbon treaty soo ... 
  yeah , he is probably the guy you 'd love as president of another country but hate if he were your president ( i get more or less the same feelings with trump ), 
  we need a king ( or queen ) for that unfortunately . 
  well , he has also claimed he would easily win the elections here xd on the other hand , he 'd make for a very funny prime minister . 
  shame he 'll make the country a shithole :(, 
  to be fair , he is indeed right in that we are getting constantly bombarded with news about venezuela :(, 
  once , i went to a store in playa del ingl\u00e9s , and the attendant there could n't even speak spanish xd it was very weird really . 
  to be fair , that 's sort of revenge for the uk putting us navy ships in gibraltar xd . 
  then again , they are n't part of nato anyways , * in theory * even north korean boats could be put there . 
  also quite reciently , an incident involving these ships happened : http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/02842/01_04215229_86426b_2842422a.jpg, 
  to be fair , depending on where you live , you might not even require heating or air conditioning, 
  i do n't really think those are popular in spain : / there are pretty much none that i 've seen . 
  similarly , no shared washing machines at the bottom of the building ( like you 'd see on the big bang theory ) . 
  everyone has to get their own washing machine . 
  unemployment benefits only last for 2 years though . 
  after that you do n't get anything ( unless your region has some kind of special program . 
  iirc the basque country has one , for example ) the only exception is if you have a family to support and no one has a job . 
  then you get about 400 $ a month ( definitely not enough to support a family , but better than nothing i guess ), 
  iirc , was n't bartolom\u00e9 de las casas one of the first to push for an slavery outlaw ?
