  however , they ended up having a son so the crown would go to him in the end ( alfonso xiii ) in the mean time the queen ( future king alfonso xiii 's mother ) would act as regent . 
  in fact that was n't the only regency during the xixth century , as king fernando vii also died with very young children ( iirc the next queen , isabel ii was 4 years old or so ) . 
  that regency was a bit more convoluted due to a civil war though . 
   also what would happen in general if the monarch died without an heir ? 
  presumably a new republic would be born in its place ? 
  in theory no . 
  if the king dies without a heir , the crown is passed to his oldest brother ( if they exist ) . 
  if none exist , it goes to the eldest sister . 
  if he is an only child , i do n't know , but it 'd probably go to some uncle or cousin . 
  if everyone closely related to the king dies , then parliament decides on his successor ( though hopefully they just reform the constitution and switch to a republic )  do all of our monarchs have the same inheritance laws ? 
  do we all have primogeniture ? 
  pretty sure all european monarchies have primogeniture . 
  the main difference seems to be whether men are favoured over women . 
  here they are , though in a real life situation where an older sister gets screwed we 'd most likely reform the constitution anyways . 
  that was briefly a matter of debate while the current queen ( then princess ) was pregnant with her second child , but since she had 2 daughters , the debate was quickly shut down . 
  specifically , our constitution says this about inheritance : ** article 57 **  1 . 
  the crown of spain shall be inherited by the successors of h. m. juan carlos i de borb\u00f3n , the legitimate heir of the historic dynasty . 
  succession to the throne shall follow the regular order of primogeniture and representation , the first line always having preference over subsequent lines ; within the same line , the closer grade over the more remote ; within the same grade , the male over the female , and in the same sex , the elder over the younger . 
  the crown prince , from his birth or from the time he acquires the claim , shall hold the title of prince of asturias and the other titles traditionally held by the heir to the crown of spain . 
  should all the lines designated by law become extinct , the cortes generales shall provide for succession to the crown in the manner most suitable to the interests of spain . 
  those persons with a right of succession to the throne who marry against the express prohibition of the king and the cortes generales , shall be excluded from succession to the crown , as shall their descendants . 
  abdications and renunciations and any doubt in fact or in law that may arise in connection with the succession to the crown shall be settled by an organic act . 
  here in spain i really have no idea . 
  the most common newspapers are el mundo and el pa\u00eds , so i 'd say those . 
  maybe tve as well ( though they 've decreased in quality drastically since 2011 ) . 
  surprisingly , telecinco has great news reports as well , but outside the usual 15:00 and 21:00 reports , they do n't have anything else . 
  ( it 's the tv thrash channel , owned by mediaset ), 
  canary islands here , we have the same minimum wage as the rest of the country ( roughly 10k $ a year ) , but a lower vat ( 7 % as opposed to 21 % in the mainland ) on the flip side though , we have to pay tariffs whenever we bring something from literally anywhere else in the world . 
  yeah , but there are also tons of parliamentary systems working just fine , like germany . 
  though i personally prefer presidential systems , because of their better separation of powers, 
  we also increased minimum wage from 650 to 710 $ a month or something like that, 
   since vox is a fucking joke . 
  to be fair , they came close to getting seats in the eu parliament election in 2014 ( they got 1 % of the vote then , as opposed to the 0.1 % they have now ) . 
  had they managed to get a seat i guess they might have been more popular , not unlike podemos ( ok , maybe not quite that popular , but i guess a result for the last election would have been pp 25 % psoe 22 % podemos 20 % cs 13 % vox 5 % or something like that ), 
  yes there are , but they are not very common . 
  i guess the more time passes the more coins with felipe vi there will be . 
  for all what 's worth , they look like this : http://ep00.epimg.net/economia/imagenes/2015/02/02/actualidad/1422901384_870205_1422960645_noticia_normal.jpg, 
  first of all , keep in mind i might be biased as i 'm from the canary islands , where the only reasonable way out is by plane ( there 's a weekly ferry crossing to cadiz , but it takes 2 days or so and is n't much cheaper than flying ) . 
  think of hawaii for example . 
  anyways , flights here are more or less popular . 
  they are n't the main way of transportation though unless you are flying most of the country or are flying to some of the archipielagos ( canary/balearic islands ) . 
  they have also decreased in popularity reciently because of the rise of the high speed ave trains . 
  as for the route you requested , here would be your options for a barcelona seville route in 2 months ( first of march ) * flight ( ryanair ) : 33 $ ( plus all the extras to rip you off , it 's ryanair after all ) . 
  1h 45 min * high speed train ( ave ) : 70 $ , 5h 30 min . 
  * standard train : 38 $ 11h 30 min !, 
  * driving : 118 $ ( includes gas ; estimated consumption 6.2 l/100km ; estimated price 1.3 $ / l ) . 
  10h * driving ( avoiding toll roads ) : 86 $ 12h * bus ( alsa ) : 88 $ , 15h as you can see flying is the superior option if you can get your tickets for cheap . 
  if you fly with a mainstream company ( like say , iberia ) , tickets cost twice as much . 
  yeah , but i think the `` puente aereo '' has become a lot less popular reciently because of the ave train ( it used to be one of the most flown routes in the world actually ! ), 
  iirc they actually did a referendum which was rejected 99-1 or something like that . 
  same thing in gibraltar . 
  2 referendums ( one in the 60s and one in 02 ) both rejected joining spain by like 99-1 and 98-2 or something like that, 
  yeah , it seems way too high for me as well . 
  i 'd say a more realistic one is probably 1800 $ a month or so i guess . 
  then again i do n't know anyone who is an aerospace engineer . 
  all the others seem accurate though . 
  it varies a lot depending on your degree , but anyways , according to [ this website ] ( http://blog.jobandtalent.com/sueldos-de-recien-licenciados-espanoles/ ) it 's : * for architects it 's around 1400 $ a month * aerospace engineer : 2500-3000 $ a month * doctor in practices ( ie medicine ) : 900 $ a month , increases during the first 5 years up to 1550 $ a month * economics : 1500-1800 $ a month * law : 1200-1400 $ a month * journalism : nothing ( unpaid internships ) -200 $ ( paid internships ) - 800 $ a month ( actual jobs ) * teacher ( public school , civil servant ) : 2000 $ a month * teacher ( private school ) : 800-1000 $ a month, 
  there 's already a right wing government in the eu though . 
  the president of the european commision ( junker ) belongs to the epp ( whose polish parties are apparently platforma obywatelska and polskie stronnictwo ludowe ), 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1357/ ), 
   do you know what are the only two countries that do n't have any xenophobic party at their national parliaments and at their regional parliaments in all the e.u. ? 
  spain and portugal . 
  to be fair , we are not the only ones ( i think luxenbourg and malta do n't have those either , alongside some of the baltics ) . 
  we are just the largest by far :p, 
  basically never . 
  i have played online at chess24 sometimes , but i always played with a friend , never alone against a random person . 
  i also am terrible at chess :p, 
  i 'm a student , but whatever . 
  las palmas de gran canaria , spain . 
  my university is 10 min by car , 45 min by foot or 30 min by bus ( i take 2 , it depends on how well i can coordinate them ) . 
  as for leisurely activites , we normally just hang out in the city centre , but you can also go to the beach , watch movies , etc. 
  there 's a good variety of activities you can do here . 
  there are barely any refugees in spain . 
  i 'd be very surprised if they even reach 500 . 
  so , other than appearing in the news , not much . 
  we 've got a lot more to worry about than that . 
  ok , here are ours ( i think i went too much into detail lol , but it 's fine for the sake of completeness ) : * major parties with national representation in both houses * * pp ( people 's party ; 137/350 seats in congress , 146/266 senators ) : classic right wing conservative party . 
  one of the 2 only main parties before the 2015 election ( we had essencially a 2 party system before that ) they have been in government since 2011 . 
  pm mariano rajoy is their leader . 
  their last government was pretty unpopular , but not unpopular enough for them to lose the election . 
  also , the way we elect our senators vastly benefits them , as they easily win small provinces . 
  however since our senate is useless , that 's not a huge deal ( they had a majority in the senate back in 04 but psoe leader zapatero was pm . 
  only effect was laws having a 2 month delay or so ) * psoe ( spanish socialist workers ' party ; 85/350 seats in congress , 62/266 senators ) : classic centre-left party . 
  last time in government was 2004-2011 . 
  they currently have no leader , as their last leader , pedro sanchez , was ousted by party leaders in a coup . 
  currently in free fall as their last government was a disaster and they have a lot of internal infighting . 
  against catalan independence , but of the 3 parties against it they seem the one with the most flexible position , and the most open to reforms . 
  * unidos podemos ( united , we can ; 71 congressmen , 21 senators ) : new anti establishment left wing party . 
  only major party in favour of a referendum in catalonia . 
  current leader is pablo iglesias , but they also have a lot of internal fighting currently , but it will be resolved in the party congress in february iirc * ciudadanos ( citizens ; 32 congressmen ; 3 senators , none directly elected ) : centrist liberal party ( liberal in the european sense ) . 
  halfway between pp and psoe . 
  against catalan independence . 
  current leader is albert rivera * minor regionalist parties with representation in both houses * * erc ( republican left of catalonia , 9 congressmen , 12 senators ) : left wing party , more comparable to podemos than to the psoe . 
  greatly in favour of catalonia 's independence . 
  * cdc ( democratic convergence of catalonia , 8 congressmen , 4 senators ) : right wing party ( comparable to the pp ) in favour of catalonia 's independence . 
  they reciently changed their name to something else , but everyone calls them by their old name anyways . 
  * pnv ( basque nationalist party ; 5 congressmen , 6 senators ) : right wing party ( between the pp and ciudadanos ) , from the basque country . 
  used to be in favour of independence , but they have moderated their position to just keeping their priviledges . 
  * eh bildu ( 2 congressmen , 1 senator ) : left wing party ( comparable to podemos ) , greatly in favour of basque independence , they had trouble being legalized due to possible ties with the terrorist organization eta . 
  they are to the basque country what erc is to catalonia * cc ( canarian coalition .
