to be fair , i would n't fly the eu flag in my house ( or even the spanish flag , that 's actually badly seen here ) , but it look very nice alongside the spanish flag and the regional flag  i like the design a lot . 
  simple and effective . 
  i actually live in one of the overseas territories ( canary islands ) . 
  it 's pretty much considered an integral part of spain by everyone , and there are no relevant independence movements . 
  there is a nationalist party , which rules the region , and has 1 seat in the congress , but they are not independentists . 
  in fact , if you want to get technical , 6 out of the 7 canary islands were conquered before granada was conquered , and the muslims finally expelled ( 1492 ) , so yeah , not exactly a colony there . 
  there 's only so many jobs tourism can provide , even with all time high tourist arrivals . 
  in fact other than tourism ( and mostly low end jobs there ) , there are very few other jobs . 
  actually i quite like the taxi service in my city ( las palmas de gran canaria ) . 
  i do n't use it unless i do n't have another choice ( i much prefer riding the bus for 30 min +30 min walk , paying 1,4 $ ; to getting there in 15 min but paying 8 $ ) , but whenever i 've used it , the service is great , and very cheap :d an 8 km ride costs around 9 $ . 
  though actually our taxi fares are the lowest in the entire country , so yeah : /, 
  actually i quite like the taxi service in my city ( las palmas de gran canaria ) . 
  i do n't use it unless i do n't have another choice ( i much prefer riding the bus for 30 min +30 min walk , paying 1,4 $ ; to getting there in 15 min but paying 8 $ ) , but whenever i 've used it , the service is great , and very cheap :d an 8 km ride costs around 9 $ . 
  though actually our taxi fares are the lowest in the entire country , so yeah : /, 
  if that 's a normal estonian cartoon , i ca n't imagine how the weird ones are . 
  anyways , a normal spanish ( half british ) cartoon looks probably like this ( from our 24/7 public tv channel , i 'd say this is the most famous spanish cartoon . 
  english dub available ) : http://www.rtve.es/infantil/serie/pocoyo/video/regalo/1568859/, 
  yeah , i know . 
  i added them because they belong to the eea or something like that though, 
  really , though several eu countries could federalize themselves , the entire eu definitely ca n't . 
  some unions i could see happening though ( even if it 's incredibly unlikely for that to happen ) are : - netherlands + dutch speaking part of belgium - france + french speaking part of belgium + luxenbourg ? 
  - spain + portugal - uk+i reland - germany + austria + lichtenstein - sweden + finland + denmark + norway + iceland ? 
  of course , all of this unions have their share of problems , but they are probably easier than the entire eu federalizing . 
  when did the us go to war with us on 1939 ? 
  that definitely did n't happen . 
  ( though seeing the end result was franco 's dictatorship , i wish they had ) as for 1898 , it was definitely not for fixing our '' '' '' `` democracy '' '' '' '' at the time . 
  it was to get a friendly cuba ( and philippines and puerto rico while they were at it ) . 
  iirc they first offered a buying option , like with florida , but in the end that was rejected and they went to war ( a short war though . 
  this image sums it up perfectly . 
  the us went to war with modern steel ships . 
  spain with wood ships ), 
  that 's probably a better way of deciding our president probably : /, 
  i 'm from spain . 
  we did a referendum to see if we stayed or not ( probably because we never made one to enter in the first place i guess ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_nato_membership_referendum,_1986 also , 4 regions voted for leave ( canary islands , catalonia , basque country and navarre ) , but the overall result was remain . 
  and also , i 'm sort of surprised that the eu would n't do something . 
  then again , i doubt ireland or austria will be attacked any time soon . 
  actually , i 'd like my country to leave nato : / ( though increase military spending slightly to compensate ) . 
  we actually had a referendum in the 80s about the matter , resolved like 57-43 or so for remain ( oddly enough , only one party campaigned for remain , but apparently it was absolutely huge then ) . 
  actually , does the eu work as sort of a nato-ish thing ? 
  i mean , if say , austria or ireland ( 2 eu but non nato countries ) were attacked , would the eu defend them ? 
  considering cuba used to be spanish until right before the xxth century , it would n't surprise me at all . 
  though i also live in the canary islands . 
  things might be different in the mainland . 
  here in spain from what i 've seen the number 1 strong ( not counting beer/wine ) alcoholic beberage is rum , not vodka . 
  vodka is probably a close second though . 
  apparently they have 1 seat in the uk parliament . 
  had they gotten none , the uk would be yellow . 
  i pretty much went to wikipedia and searched for parties labeled as far-right populist or similar descriptions : / not the most accurate method by any means , but better than nothing i guess, 
  i suck at reddit xd i thought i could put it below the photo as text . 
  then uploaded and realized i could n't edit the submission . 
  as a desperate measure i 've uploaded it as a comment, 
  if it 's not clear : green = no far right parties with representation in their national parliament yellow = no far right parties with representation in their national parliament , but they have parties with representation in regional parliaments or the eu parliament red = they have far right parties with representation in their national parliament white = not in the eu, 
  i doubt that happens here in spain though unless you attend private schools . 
  public ones usually use french . 
  actually i went ( and still go lol . 
  i finish this year with the pau ) to a private school and we were required to bring uniforms only the days we had sport . 
  the private school i attended from years infantil 2 a\u00f1os ( kindergarten 2 years ) to 1\u00ba eso ( year 7 ) did require us to take uniforms at all times . 
  2 sets in fact . 
  a better looking but more uncomfortable one for days we did n't have pe and a more comfortable one for days we had pe . 
  actually the 81 ' coup resembled more the 23 ' primo de rivera coup than the 36 ' civil war one . 
  the only unknown thing was whether the king would support it or not . 
  had the king supported it , then it would have succeeded , and no war would have broken out ( that was what they expected ) . 
  since the king did n't support it , most of the army did n't too , so it failed . 
  rocinante is probably just as neutral though, 
  a spanish community named forocoches tried to call it blas de lezo , but they banned the name . 
  i 'm guessing it 's self made trolling , since they follow on twitter the guy who uploaded the name, 
  trafalgar or nelson would be more fitting though, 
  well , he was indeed a great sailor and made great contributions to the british undersea research :p, 
  rocinante is definitely not a gunship though . 
  it 's don quixote 's horse . 
  that was the last attempt , but people were tired already , so it never succeeded :(, 
  what about rocinante though ? 
  what they do n't mention is that it was overtaken by other names twice . 
  once by blas de lezo , another by rocinante ( it might have been overtaken , or almost , by donald trump , i lost track after that ) both names were disqualified for trolling , yet boaty mcboatface was n't ?? 
  why are we allies with saudi arabia anyways ? 
  they are a fucking terrible country that exports terrorism and treats their citizens horribly . 
  i know they have oil and stuff , but ca n't we buy that from someone else ? 
  venezuela is a better country ( never thoughy i 'd say that ) and they have more oil reserves for example . 
   north america is a melting pot because it is constantly changing it 's national identity preferably for the better . 
  til mexicans and other latin americans do n't follow the us ' ( and canada 's ) laws and do terrorist attacks there . 
  then we should kick put non citizens and put those who somehow got citizenship in jail . 
  well , before they are illegal here are some rajoy memes [ i have more friends in jail than snoop dogg and 50 cent combined ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-cc0we23bwqs/vg6yeftfvpi/aaaaaaaac0g/x0zbuqgd_w8/s1600/memes%2brajoy%2b1.jpg ) [ intelligence is following me , but i 'm faster ] ( http://www.elcorreo.com/multimedia/201512/06/media/memes-rajoy/meme6.jpg ) [ rajoy starring as cover for mafia iii ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-qyph7xmyrf8/vg6yfn7cezi/aaaaaaaac0o/lojeedgdgum/s1600/memes%2brajoy%2b2.jpg ) [ the curtains open , rajoy appears , the curtains are cut down ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-kvop50uuzvg/vg6ynuat3ti/aaaaaaaac1y/6_dwdbsrjjo/s1600/memes%2brajoy%2b8.jpg ) in reference to his government cuts, 
  also former leader of the current prime minister 's party xd, 
  realistically , an eu army would be for defense only, 
  yes , but it would require a huge amount of luck from one of the parties . 
  the closest we 've come was this year , when podemos was scheduled by polls to be pretty safely ahead of the psoe in the popular vote in the 2016 election , but in amount of seats they were roughly tied . 
  of course in the end the polls were terribly wrong and the psoe ended up ahead of podemos in both the popular vote and seats, 
  iirc the polls us national actually predicted the result ok ( like 1 or 2 points off ) clinton did win the popular vote after all, 
  oh , sure , we might need to wait for like 2019 or so , but an eu army now is a matter of when , not if, 
  if le pen loses in france in 2017 an eu army is now likely . 
  if trump withdraws the us from nato as well , an eu army is basically a certainty, 
  yeah !, 
  make eu elections great again !, 
  to be fair , this last season has been ridiculous the writers must be running out of ideas, 
  rip in peace : united states of america ( 1776-2016 ) maybe they should have found better candidates, 
  well , we lacked a government for a year and the country did n't implode ( the economy actually inproved ! ), 
  seeing how some us politicians love small government , trying no-government should n't hurt xd, 
  ca n't the spd run the same candidate multiple times ? 
  all but one ( zapatero , and he got very lucky ) of our pms has lost at least 2 elections for example . 
  suarez lost in 1982 , 1986 and 1989 ( he was n't really trying to win though ) , gonzalez on 1977 and 1979 ( and 1996 , when he was ousted ) , aznar on 1989 and 1993 , and rajoy in 2004 and 2008,
