  well , here 's a flat in madrid for 500 $ , probably affordable with a 1000 $ salary https://www.idealista.com/inmueble/36765852/ then again i 'm pretty sure that 's a terrible flat ( i 'm pretty sure vallecas is n't exactly one of the best areas there , and 40 m ^ 2 is a really small flat ), 
  i guess he meant the american minimum wage ? 
   most people gets a job from time to time , like 3 months contract , 1 year , and this goes on a on . 
  and we have rent prices going up agains so you tell me how is people going to pay . 
  in two years i went from paying 500 $ to almos 600 $ and this increase does not match any average increase of salaries . 
   this country is nonsense . 
  new bubble ? 
  did n't we learn anything from the last one ? 
  i think the logic is `` president le pen is inevitable , we might as well do it now '', 
  ca n't the vote against s&d and epp respectively ? 
  it 's the national parties who have the power after all . 
  tbh , sanctions are such a controversial measure that unanimity is n't that bad of an idea . 
  though maybe just an extremely high threshold would work : say , 85 % of countries comprising 85 % of the eu 's population ( unless the sanctioned country has more than 15 % of the population in which case make it unanimous ), 
  i mean , i guess protectionism works until you open up, 
  i know it 's a false churchill quote , but `` the fascists of the future will call themselves anti fascists '' seems more and more true each day . 
  i think it started in germany and spread to the rest of europe , then the us, 
  incumbency advantage probably ? 
  i still wonder why he , as a left wing leader , invaded irak . 
  if you look at the infamous [ photo of the azores ] ( http://www.lavanguardia.com/r/godo/lv/p3/website/imagenes/2015/10/26/lv_20151026_lv_fotos_d_54437457392-992x558@lavanguardia-web.jpg ) , you can see that he is the only left wing leader . 
  barrosso , aznar and bush were all conservative . 
  not necesarily ; i can also see someone like melenchon winning in 2022 , or even someone like dupont-aignan, 
   25 years ago hamon would have been considered a run of the mill social democrat , nothing out of the ordinary . 
  today he is so scary to the corporate ps apparatchiks that they would rather sink their own party than get on board with a relatively moderate platform . 
  reminds me quite a bit of pedro s\u00e1nchez over here . 
  a candidate that wanted a deal with the left and got backstabbed by his own party . 
  if the people are n't ready for democracy , you ca n't have it . 
  spain had huge illiteracy rates in the 19th century , and it was a democracy on paper . 
  on practice it was an oiligarchy , with the country being run by a bunch of rich people and with elections being routinely rigged . 
  who , spain ? 
  :p now seriously i have n't seen urkullu supporting that . 
  also have n't seen barkos ( navarra ) , clavijo ( canary islands ) , and revilla ( cantabria ) , the other 3 nationalist governors ( although the last 2 are a bit of a stretch ) supporting catalonia either . 
  only governor i 've seen coming out in favour os the balearic islands one i think, 
  the government ca n't give a binding referendum though . 
  ( at least not without seriously reforming the constitution , something requiring huge majorities ) . 
  meanwhile parties that oppose giving a referendum got 46 % or 67 % of the national vote last election ( depending on what you think psoe would do ), 
  really ? 
  even worse than pp ? 
  to be fair , the largest pro independence party in polls is erc by far, 
  to be fair , those 4 combined make what , half the uk 's population ? 
  does n't seem too bad . 
  plus i guess there 's also the threat of le pen in france ( in 2022 , no way she wins now ) . 
  i though 2ch was in japanese ? 
  i remember when wikipedia closed some editions for a day . 
  it was chaos and in that case there were alternatives !, 
  ( simple english wikipedia for example ) sorry turkish students :(, 
  not any more ridiculous than islam , christianism , judaism or pastafarism . 
  and this is coming from someone who is not an atheist ( my personal position is a mix of pascal 's wager and `` who the fuck cares ? ), 
  ok , what if now nazis came out and said `` nazism is actually a religion , with hitler as our prophet '' . 
  would they be protected now ? 
  a beer prism then ? 
  damn , that 'd better be one great beer !, 
  here the no label one by the supermarket costs like 50 cents or so . 
  a more well known one might cost 1 $ . 
  finland is very expensive apparently, 
  sure , scotland * would * be a problem ( unless for some reason it joins ireland as well ) . 
  but that 's not what we are talking about , we were talking about ni . 
  tbh , cdu+a fd would also not get a majority , and no one else would join that coalition . 
  seems like schulz got the german equivalent of an american `` convention bump '' and is now regressing to the mean, 
   f they ca n't london takes over through direct rule . 
  wait , why ? 
  ca n't northern ireland just hold another election like us ? 
  and keep holding them until there 's a government ? 
  i mean , it 's not unexpected at all . 
  east germany inmediately became an eu member after reunification . 
  ca n't see why ireland would be different . 
   communism , however despicable , had worked towards secularizing these aspects of the respective societies , and achieved mild but sizable changes . 
  i 'm starting to think that the middle east and most of north africa actually * need * communism ( or something like that ) . 
  not because of the economy ( everyone knows it 's terrible ) , but because of the `` mandatory state atheism '' thing . 
  communism there for like say , 50 years should work . 
  i think estonia ( or latvia or lithuania , one of the 3 ) are the least religious european countries . 
  also , the oppression ca n't be much worse than a religious dictatorship . 
  of course it can backfire . 
  i think the orthodox church is making a comeback in russia . 
  is n't that what the senate is for ? 
  not to mention that just making ev 's proportional at the state levek would be a huge improvement ( turns the election into clinton 265-trump 268-johnson 3-stein 1-mcmullin 1 iirc ), 
  not to mention the possibility of the loser winning . 
  in fact it would have actually happened in france 2017 at a small scale , with melenchon getting like 10 votes compared to fillon 's 3 , even though fillon got more votes than melenchon, 
  to be fair , i do n't see why that would be an issue . 
  while they are n't actual ethnic groups we do have several regional parties and our system mostly works, 
  government ) worth keeping in mind that this level changes a lot depending on the region . 
  in most of spain it is not directly elected and works just like you say , but there are other models . 
  in the basque country it is directly elected but otherwise works just like normal . 
  in the canary/balearic islands it is abolished . 
  instead each island gets a `` cabildo/concell '' which is directly elected and has more devolved powers than a regular diputaci\u00f3n i think . 
  otherwise works the same . 
  finally in places with only 1 province it is abolished for obvious reasons , with the ccaa taking its powers  summarizing , unidos podemos have been raised this no confidence vote that everybody knows will go nowhere , because neither psoe nor ciudadanos will ever agree with them . 
  but if you want my opinion , what 's happening in spain with this pp is ( again ) crazy as fuck . 
  and someone has to do anything . 
  who are you gon na call ? 
  ghostbusters ? 
  and yeah , the main problem now is that while we have a government we do n't have an opposition . 
  cs ca n't be the opposition for obvious reasons . 
  podemos does not know how to do institutional politics . 
  and psoe ca n't be the opposition without a leader , not to mention them still supporting the government sometimes ( very soft opposition ) if you keep going down , you find the nationalists which again , ca n't be leaders of the opposition . 
  maybe we can fix that and they will stop coming ? 
  jaja !, 
  take that portugal !, 
  yeah , it 's just a measure for podemos to be in the spotlight and to try and influence the psoe primaries, 
  in theory psoe+p odemos + erc+pdec at + pnv have enough votes , but of course for that lots of negotiations would be needed . 
  not to mention having to wait until psoe gets a new leader ( and hoping that leader is not susana d\u00edaz ),
