  was n't that bolivar 's dream ? 
  ( a united latin america free from the spanish ) for all maduro and chavez love to praise hom they couls have tried to fulfill his dream 200 years later, 
  really ? 
  here it is a convenient excuse ( most early elections are caused by no budget being passed ) but is not necessary . 
  if there 's no budget last year 's budget is recycled, 
  how long till the brexit bill is passed by overriding the lords ? 
  better yet , from all swing states . 
  yup . 
  i personally think the eu policy should be `` pray for the best , prepare for the worst '' or something like that, 
  yeah , i agree with you . 
  while the `` if it was n't for the us you 'd all be speaking german '' thing is a meme , the us have indeed done a lot of good stuff . 
  keep in mind gibraltar was basically isolated during franco 's time and even during early democracy !, 
  ( basically until we joined the eu ) . 
  we could go back to that situation . 
  actually , probably not . 
  the canary islands still have significantly cheaper tobacco , even if it 's not viable to smuggle it back to the peninsula . 
  assuming gibraltar gets an offer equal or greater than us , there will still be smugglers, 
  actually , was n't there a significant amount of people against the us back in the late 1700s , just like there 's a lot of people against the eu today ? 
  really ? 
  is it that bad ? 
  even the uk who has never quite liked the eu ever since they joined was only 52-48 for leave . 
  i ca n't see the czech republic being more anti eu than the uk . 
  well , none . 
  i think only the lib dems are 100 % against brexit ? 
  ( and they have less than 10 seats out of 650 or so , so basically impossible ), 
  more like / r/altright ( or better yet / r/alt-reich, 
  yup . 
  cue `` jewish-masonic marxist international conspiracy '' with franco 's voice xd, 
  * summary of the candidates * pedro sanchez : former leader of the party ( 2014-2016 ) . 
  ousted in a party coup when he refused to support rajoy even if that meant a third round of elections . 
  the most leftist candidate in the race . 
  patxi lopez : former governor of the basque country ( 2009-2012 ) and mp for vizcaya . 
  running in a `` third way alternative '' platform between lopez and diaz . 
  only one who is currently an mp and could confront rajoy in parliament susana diaz : incumbent governor of andalucia ( 2013-present ) . 
  running in a conservative ( for the psoe ) platform . 
  the most open to supporting the pp government . 
  only one who has won an election outright ( lopez came in second in 09 but became governor thanks to a deal with , out of all parties , the pp ! ), 
  ** keep in mind this is among general voters . 
  the psoe leader is chosen by psoe due-paying members ( roughly 120k ) , not by all spaniards who want to vote in primaries ( like the us or france ) **, 
  [ this image has all the polls they 've done , by party voted in 2016 and by age ] ( http://www.sigmados.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/sigma-dos-psoe.jpg ) it also has approval ratings for all 3 candidates ( none passes ; getting between 4.2 / 10 and 4.5 / 10 ), 
  translation via google https://translate.google.es/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=es&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.sigmados.com%2fpedro-sanchez-arrasa-a-susana-diaz-en-la-carrera-por-liderar-el-psoe%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url, 
  heh , we were so used to 1 party coalitions that we did n't even get a formal coalition this time , just a minority government, 
  what happens if there 's no government ? 
  repeated elections like us ? 
  or just 2 years withouy government like belgium ? 
  or something different ? 
  same here . 
  did we `` win '' or `` lose '' ? 
  ( not really all that much into russian history ), 
  on the other hand if fillon recovers and ends up in the 2nd round he might lose against le pen, 
  wow , that 's basically the definition of projection xd, 
  they barely changed the message , just adding question marks  . , 
  well , i can see a referendum happening just like scotland . 
  and just like scotland it will fail 45-55 or something like that . 
  this is speaking without any idea though xd, 
  actually , that guy is pretty clever . 
  it 's just that his ideas are not liked by almost anyone , but the few who do vote always , so he was able to get a seat thanks to depressed turnout, 
  if that was what mattered we 'd currently have pedro sanchez ( psoe ) as prime minister , albert rivera ( cs ) as deputy prime minister , the pp on very low numbers and podemos would have never taken off . 
  yup , the `` nightmare '' scenario is fillon making a comeback and making it to round 2 , then le pen winning round 2 narrowly with parts of the left ( especially the `` old left '' ) voting for her, 
   its cataunya written in catalan , english , french and italian : * what does it have to do with it ? 
  i was in mobile , ca n't read the flair xd  are they ? 
  i guess vox is ? 
  ok , all spanish parties with representation then  anyways , my deal is n't about who is european and who is not , the deal is at what price ? 
  as i said , an exclusive rightwing , such as the party from the polish mp that this week said women are `` weaker , smaller and less smart '' or th one that gives homenages to fascists ( whichever of them ) will create a different eu than the eu that leftwing , welcoming parties would . 
  sure , that 's why there are both left wing pro eu parties and right wing pro eu parties ; just like there are anti eu left wing parties ( not many but they exist ) and right wing anti eu parties . 
  civilized country on the right , is n't it ? 
  though to be fair we call that a `` bocata '' , a sandwich would be the square ones . 
  except there is no solution to the problem . 
  i can only think of 2 solutions , maybe 3 , none of which satisfy both sides : * a non binding referendum , just in catalonia . 
  it does fix the problem if the answer is no , but if the result is yes , we are back to square 1 but with angrier people * a constitutional reform . 
  this has no chance of passing unless people open to independence somehow get 2/3 of both chambers . 
  but even if it magically passed , it still has a referendum in all of spain , which nationalists do n't like . 
  * a binding referendum , but in all of spain ( ie catalonia needs to vote yes and the rest of spain needs to authorise it ) . 
  this requires some serious mental gymnastics to be constitutional , but it does at least have a shot at it . 
  iirc this is the option pablo iglesias defended very reciently . 
  of course , nationalists do n't like this option . 
  sure , they 'll be replaced with someone else but still . 
  and it benefits neither , that 's why the spanish goverment does not want a referendum . 
  in a worst case scenario , all erc , pdecat and cup legislators . 
  most likely just puigdemont and those who cooperated on doing the illegal referendum, 
  yes , yes they could . 
  of course in less than 24h the governor and regional government will be arrested ( the catalonian police force has already said they wo n't support anything illegal ), 
  yeah , he got elected just like that spanish woman ( iirc she is from the psoe . 
  no idea who the polish man represents ), 
  actually , i 'm pretty sure the ep gets an incredibly low amount of reporting compared to national parliaments, 
  spanish politics in a nutshell xd, 
  yeah , pretty much spot on . 
  iirc their official platform is `` we oppose the current neoliberal eu but want a more social eu '' or something like that . 
  for all what 's worth iu ( currently sort of absorbed by podemos ) did oppose the eu constitution back in 05 . 
  interesting to see that all our parties are rated as pro eu , even podemos !, 
  ( which has often been critical of it , even if they are far from arguing for leaving ), 
  iirc there is some sort of eu representation in lots of un stuff . 
  there 's also a `` us ambassador to the eu '' ( famous for trump 's pick being anti eu ) . 
  i guess there 's also the reverse . 
  maybe not for north america , but i can definitely see that happening in south america . 
  hell , bolivar 's dream was a united latin america independent from spain . 
  he failed , but for all venezuela and the like love to praise him , maybe latin america could develop some sort of `` eu '', 
  for all what 's worth india will still have the largest elected parliament by number of people represented, 
  looking at the part of your flair i can read ( catalunya - ... ) , in our case it does n't matter . 
  all spanish parties are pro eu .
