  however , things might change in the future ; but it 's still unlikely for a pm supporting independence to be elected . 
  looking at our government , we have 13 ministeries . 
  i guess we could make it so that commisioners can only serve 2,5 years , and that no country can have 2 commisioners in any eu parliament term ? 
  yeah . 
  i mean , sure , pp+c s + cdc would have a majority , but good luck getting a deal with cdc without giving an independence referendum ( i personally think a non-binding one done in the entire country , but extracting partial catalonian results like in a regular election would be an ideal middle term , but the pp and cs are afraid of anything even remotely close to a referendum ) however , the pnv seems a bit more reasonable on their demands , so i would n't rule out them getting an agreement with the pp ( after all , aznar managed one in 1996 ) . 
  cc has already said they will support rajoy . 
  nc has said they wo n't , but i can see the psoe pressuring them to get an abstention . 
  to be fair , i do n't really think scotland would have that much trouble accepting the euro . 
  after all , was n't that one of the currency options thought about during scotland 's independence referendum ? 
  if spain does n't go to a third round of elections , he has a very high chance of becoming pm . 
  there 's also the pp+c s + pnv+cc route that only gives him 175 seats ( one short of a majority ) , but all eyes are on pedro quevedo from nc to abstain and allow rajoy to become prime minister in that case . 
  at least the next 6 months or so ( as a lame duck pm ) . 
  if he can get voted by parliament as pm ( which is likely as many do n't want a third round of elections ) ; then he 'll be prime minister for the next 4 years at most ( highly unlikely he serves a full term as he only has 137/350 seats in parliament . 
  most likely he 'll have to eventually call early elections or in a less likely scenario he 'll lose a motion of no confidence ) . 
  maybe scotland can get a similar deal ? 
  then enter the eu ? 
  to be fair , us politics do have their advantages as well , mostly that members of the parties do n't have to completely follow party lines , but have some degrees of freedom . 
  for example , a us congressman can vote against a measure of his party , without that big of an impact . 
  in europe however , he 'd be expelled from the party , and would have a very hard time getting reelected . 
  to be fair , does n't the eu average something like a treaty every decade ( or maybe even less ) ? 
  we should expect a new treaty by 2019 at the latest . 
  i guess you mean the head of the governmen or something like that . 
  i definitely not want the king to start picking commisioners, 
  is n't the commision slightly less democratic than the eu parliament though ? 
  ( in the sense that it is not directly elected by citizens , but rather the commision is elected by the national governments , which in turn might be elected by national parliaments ; adding some extra layers of bureaucracy that probably fuel the `` eu is ruled by unelected bureaucrats '' argument ), 
  as a spanish speaker , you are totally right . 
  i hate doubling the letters for no reason . 
  guess the brits have some good reasons to leave after all : /, 
  uk yuo are of genius, 
  bruselas ens roba !, 
  in inda indapandansia !, 
  considering gibraltar voted 98 % against unification the last time a vote happened ; i do n't see them becoming spanish . 
  most likely , if brexit happens in a worst case scenario spain would just completely shut the fence ( which would kill gibraltar 's and nearby places ' economy ) . 
  gibraltar will still be british though ; there 's already a precedent of spain shutting the fence completely ( ie nothing goes in or out ) . 
  can you even call european parliament snap election ? 
  i thought it 's terms were fixed, 
  guess you are a bit older than me then , as the ones you mentioned are the first i remember watching xd ( i 'm 18 ), 
  does that mean the top 5 is now germany france italy spain poland ? 
  to be fair , is n't english the number 2 or number 3 language ? 
  ( depending on the source ) i thought the ranking was chinese  english = spanish, 
  maybe by the time andorra joins we 'll have catalan as an eu language ? 
  i 've always wondered why ireland never used a languahe policy similar to that of the basque country , galicia or catalonia here . 
  here all young people from those regions can speak catalan , galician or basque pretty well ( older generations is slightly more hit and miss due to the dictatorship though ) . 
  in fact , iirc the number of basque and catalan speakers has been increasing over the years !, 
  for some reason that reminds me of ed edd & eddy xd ( yes , the cartoon show ), 
  to be fair , there 's no way in hell the eu will start requesting visas towards uk tourists . 
  in fact , that would kill my region 's economy ( and my country 's to a lesser extent ) . 
  after all , does n't the uk not participate in schengen ? 
  that means travel requirements will stay the same ( ie british tourists please come here . 
  we need you :(, 
  well , if the uk government bought that bank 's shares , now it should be controlled by the uk government . 
  if they did n't want that then they should have allowed thr bank to go bankrupt . 
  so , if pp+c s + pnv+cc is impossible , then the only option is the psoe abstaining ? 
  ( or cdc abstaining/voting in favour , but doubt that will happen . 
  maybe in exchange for some priviledges to catalonia ? ), 
  maybe they 'll do it in exchange for some more priviledges and funding for the basque country ? 
  it 's hard to think , but not totally unconceivable . 
  the main problem would n't be as much the pp as it is cs though . 
  doubt many people outside catalonia and the basque country want independence . 
  mallorca is already unofficially german though :p, 
  gib money pls xd, 
  slightly less tied than last time though . 
  if the pp gets the pnv , cs and cc to vote for them ( quite hard , but not unconceivable ) , they 'll tie 175 to 175 . 
  then anything can break the tie . 
  an option could be an abstention from nueva canarias ' sole congressman ( went in coalition with the psoe , but he is pretty much independent ) . 
  another is someone from the psoe `` accidentally '' being ill that day . 
  also there 's always the option of cdc 's support or abstention ( pretty much impossible , but the option is there ) . 
  finally , maybe eh bildu will say they are n't spanish and not go to congress , like batasuna used to do back on the day ? 
  not even that , madrid has been safe for the pp for a very long time . 
  andalusia and southern extremadura are the only non independentist left wing areas of the country ; and even then , they are conservatively left wing ( ie psoe instead of podemos ), 
  like in the brexit referendum , remember 67 % of the country votes something else :(, 
  hey !, 
  brexit fueled scottish independentism . 
  maybe this will fuel catalan independentism ? 
  so , i guess we should divide spain into spain and the catalan/valencian/balearic / basque/navarre/canarian republic ? 
  and give tenerife independence ? 
  actually , from what i see turnout was n't actually that different from last election . 
  in fact it was a tiny bit higher !, 
  ( at least if i 'm reading the data right ) http://resultados2016.infoelecciones.es/99co/dco99999to.htm?lang=es i 'm guessing it was mostly because of the `` voto \u00fatil '' towards pp in detriment of cs . 
  probably xd zapatero 's plan e ( e for enga\u00f1o xd ) is probably one of the worst economic policy decisions in our entire history ( it actually does n't sound bad on paper , but it 's execution was beyond terrible ), 
  could be worse . 
  you could be in castille-leon :p the pp got twice the amount of seats as the runner-up ( the psoe ), 
  it 's pretty much the german spd . 
  i do n't know why you assume them to be lunatics, 
  assuming you are from las palmas ( like me :d ) we actually did n't change anything this election ( psoe-nc overtook podemos in popular vote , but seats remained the same ) if you are from tenerife though i can see why you are disappointed . 
  also , i thought gran canaria was the right leaning province and tenerife the left leaning one ? 
  yet the results are opposite, 
  pretty much . 
  cs has already said they are open to supporting the pp , but not as long as rajoy stays . 
  however , even if they somehow get a deal , psoe+p odemos + catalan nationalists have a majority they can use to block such a government , so i 'm not sure if they 'll make a deal . 
  considering the great success in the pp , soraya wo n't be president , or leader of her party . 
  susana becoming leader of the psoe is more likely , but that would mean their self destruction outside of andalusia . 
  do n't know , maybe ? 
  if they got seats , most definitely . 
  well , already step 1 is wrong xd, 
  i guess podemos is very mildly eurosceptic , but that 's kind of a stretch . 
  basically they are pro-eu but critizise it 's austerity measures . 
  forgot cc and nc ( the latter goes with psoe in this elections ) , the canary islands nationalist parties to sum them up i could say nc is kind of the erc or eh-bildu of the canary islands , minus the independentism , and a bit less leftist ( still solidly left ) . 
  strong in gran canaria , weak in tenerife cc is mostly centrist , and nationalist ( like cdc or pnv , but in centrist instead of right wing ) . 
  again , not independentist .
