  / r/yo _ elvr ( en la vida real ), 
  actually our `` presidente '' is basically a pm , and is called pm in english . 
  to be fair iirc it depended quite a lot on when the republic won the war to know if spain would turn communist , anarcho-syndicalist ( remember the cnt had a lot of influence ) , or stayed democratic . 
  from what i 've heard there are many scenarios : * the anarcho-syndicalist `` counter coup '' succeeds ( think of 1936 catalonia ) and franco is defeated easily somehow . 
  then spain turns into an anarcho syndicalist country , probably the first ever . 
  * the anarcho-syndicalists fail but franco is also defeated more or less easily , if slightly later ( say , early 1937 ) . 
  then the republic probably stays more or less the same as before * the republic wins but very late , when the pce was the most influencial force . 
  then spain becomes a standard communist state like the ussr of course , hitler could have invaded during ww2 , creating a 4th scenario : * spain is liberated by the allies some time in 1944 or 1945 , becoming a standard democratic monarchy like post 1975 but 20 years earlier . 
  to be fair i 'm not sure if the us would have allowed a communist spain right in the middle of western europe . 
  alternatively , maybe hitler invades and conquers spain after doing the same with france . 
  to be fair , both sides did that during the 2nd spanish republic . 
  when the right wing ceda won the [ 1933 election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_general_election,_1933 ) the left did a coup/revolution in 1934 to get rid of them : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolution_of_1934 and the right did the same after the 1931 election ( won by the left ) , with a right wing coup led by general sanjurjo : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sanjurjada `` democracy is good only when our people win '' was basically the official motto of both sides before the war . 
  that 's actually an example of a good presidential system, 
  what 's with ceuta and melilla ? 
  ok , so , who should be germany 's next chancellor in your opinion then ? 
  the only real alternative is schulz , which is even more to the left :p ( in fact merkel is a conservative even if t_d trolls do n't know that ), 
  well , they can both end terribly . 
  for bad presidential systems just look at latin america ( the latest example being venezuela ) . 
  however parliamentary systems are not immune to falling into dictatorships either ( a good example being the weimar republic , which fell into nazi germany ) . 
  hey it 's me ur terrorist sympathizer, 
  wait , how would that outside chance look like ? 
  i thought it was almost certain that the spd would end up behind the cdu ( ie no chance of a `` reverse grand coalition '' ) . 
  alternatively there could be some deal with the spd and other parties but still , that would mean her party would n't be in government . 
  is there really the chance of an internal party coup when merkel is so popular ? 
  i mean one allowed by the government . 
  not a unilateral one ( which i still should be legal since it 's nothing more than an elaborate opinion poll but apparently the constitutional court does not agree ), 
  because in the uk just 50 % +1 of the house of commons can do whatever it wants with almost no limitations while spain has a constitution which requires a supermajority to ammend to allow independence ( 2/3 in both houses ) also the largest party in spain is frontally opposed to it and would never pass the required reform . 
  in theory a non binding referendum * might * be legal but if yes won madrid could still not grant independence . 
  to be fair the eu kinda has a clause like that in that if a part of a member state leaves the country , it also leaves the eu . 
  granted , it 's not much and it 's not even a written clause but that 's the limit of what the eu can do . 
  the member states are still superior to the eu unlike us states . 
  incredibly unlikely . 
  there simply are n't enough pro-independence people to get 50 % of the voting population, 
  was the referendum rigged ? 
  did n't know , thanks for pointing it out . 
  still , 55 % yes and 50 % turnout seems fine for a non rigged referendum to me, 
  except barcelona county is one of the most pro-unionist places . 
  http://www.municipisindependencia.cat/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/27-s_vot-independentista_catalunya.jpg only the aran valley had a lower support for independence, 
  iirc they were willing to give the aran valley self determination ( or at least more autonomy ) but not anyone else, 
  not really . 
  not 50 % +1 either though . 
  i personally like using montenegro as a benchmark : -55 % yes votes required -50 % minimum turnout, 
  russia maybe i guess ? 
  venezuela might also do so . 
  but yeah , most likely scenario is if they turn into some sort of kosovo , transnitria or something like that . 
  to be fair spain is weird in that we can get a lot of dubs . 
  some series have up to 5 !, 
  : galician , basque , 2 catalan dubs ( one for valencia and one for catalonia ) and spanish, 
  yeah , funny how it 's official in catalonia , where only a tiny region in the pyrinees speaks it ( aran valley ) and not in france where it 's much more important . 
  we have the best loopholes do n't we folks ? 
  no , just from both castilles and extremadura https://amillan.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/759px-nuts_es7.png, 
  actually , on the standard nuts 1 map it 's even worse , with madrid being independent , leaving the rest as a donut shaped region . 
  yeah , the only ones that really make sense are `` east '' ( ie the catalan-speaking communities ) , and the 2 that stayed in one piece : madrid and canary islands, 
  to be fair while pp is small in catalonia is n't cs the main opposition party and the biggest unionist party ? 
  yeah , i 'd rather live today in the gdr than in say , the congo, 
  fun fact : in the 00s they were called `` bin laden '' notes here in spain , because no one had seen them , just like with bin laden . 
  depends . 
  there are usually 2 models : worthless rubberstamp like our senate , with barely any power powerful on par with the lower house and that can veto laws , like the us senate, 
  why not both ? 
  yeah , with the exception of madrid , the interior of the iberian peninsula is very lightly populated . 
  also the canary islands which i think are on the african plate as well, 
  wait why ? 
  here we also have freedom of associaton but that does not include association with terrorists . 
  there 's a `` belonging to an armed band '' crime after all . 
  to be fair every regional tv station has a huge bias towards the regional government . 
  so telemadrid has a pp bias , canal sur has a psoe bias , tv canaria has a cc ( nationalist ) bias , etc tv3 is n't different . 
  what is different is how they are making it so overt now , denying subsidies to competing companies . 
  to be fair , twitter posts are far from an indication of that . 
  if they were , trump would be the best us president technologically speaking . 
  i mean , it could be better ( my personal ideal model is the usa ) but it 's better than say , france, 
  to be fair did n't one french presidential candidate run on a platform of colonizing mars ? 
  we 've got the best water do n't we folks ? 
  to be fair he went to murcia . 
  that should be considered torture / s, 
  yeah , 2014 was the mep elections . 
  for the first time most euro parties declared candidates , kinda like a uk general election . 
  so verhofstadt was the alde candidate , represented in the uk by the lib dems . 
  then again the snp is also quite good tbh . 
  probably better than labour and definitely better than the conservatives . 
  / r/absolutelynotme _ irl, 
  to be fair , if you support verhofstadt you should have voted lib dem back in 2014 . 
  for scottish elections post brexit the snp is good though . 
  i guess vote snp to holyrood so they can take an independent scotland into the eu and lib dem to westminster so they can take a united uk back into the eu ? 
  i guess they also use soros as a scapegoat . 
  t_d also does that . 
  afd ? 
  tbh i only use google flights to know which airlines i can take , then i just go to the official website . 
  except it can be transferred back . 
  see : uk, 
  to be fair , the time when morocco did n't allow us to use american weapons was in the 60s right ? 
  with the spanish army having to use leftover stuff from the civil war . 
  or are you talking about the perejil island stuff ? 
  i think it would actually be the other way around , with a small-ish eu army and large national ones . 
   and first and foremost let 's have an eu constitution , afterwards have the monetary/financial system fully implemented , a unified army , a cotton candy eu dispenser on every corner and everything else . 
  i totally agree . 
  however an eu constitution was rejected in 2005 by france and the netherlands . 
  and the eu has become less popular , not more . 
  i ca n't see an eu constitution passing unless it has some clause where once approved by say , 66 % of countries , most clauses will apply to those countries . 
  remaining countries may join at a later date . 
  to be fair , the eu was not sold as just an economic union to any country joining after 1992 .
