  ( ugh ) not at all . 
  the pm did have some denialist statements in 08 when he was leader of the opposition , but has since accepted climate change  how do you feel about climate change ? 
  very worried . 
  things will change for the worse unfortunately but we can still do a lot to mitigate ( or even avoid ) the damage  what do you personally do ( if anything ) to be environmentally friendly ? 
  i 'm afraid to say not much :( other than recycling and taking the bus ( though that 's because i do n't have a license ) i do n't do that much . 
   i dare you to find the two regions with an indpendentist movement !, 
  :p but really , that reminds me of [ rufi\u00e1n using the electoral map ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/idd32azpuzu/hqdefault.jpg ) as `` proof that catalonia needs independence '' . 
  my answer to that is that sure , but only if catalonia is split into 2 ( barcelona/tarragona on one side , girona/lleida on the other ) and if we give huelva , sevilla and ja\u00e9n independence as well :p, 
  reducing debt works pretty well here . 
  no noe wants to campaign on an austerity platform . 
  another one could be banning abortions . 
  the conservative pp government tried that in 2013 with an overall majority ( basically gives the winning party the ability to do whatever it wants for the next 4 years ) , and the end result was that the justice minister ( the one who pushed the reform ) had to resign . 
   no one knows right now as campaigns have been suspended since friday midnight until the closing of the voting booths ( this is the law in france ) . 
  it means that candidates and their teams no longer have the right to speak publicly ( they do n't even have the right to update their website ) and polls can not be published . 
  someone should get around and start publishing polls for `` co-prince of andorra election '' in andorra :p use fruit if necessary . 
  included them in the eu . 
  but if they are n't , then i guess drop andorra and place the uk instead, 
  yeah , imo there are 2 kinds of nationalism : '' `` non racist '' '' nationalism : normally regional and focuses on ideas of devolution , federalism , indepencence , etc. 
  basque , catalan , scottish nationalists fall here '' `` racist '' '' nationalism : normally national and focuses on ideas of ethnicity , borders , etc. 
  best example the french fn you can be anti-eu and not nationalist in theory . 
  i would n't consider the conservatives nationalists for example . 
   it 's now used as a description for the opposition to european federalisation , so i do n't know what the term means anymore . 
  depending on where you live it can mean something different . 
  here in spain they are people who do n't want independence for their region , but who want more devolved powers and investment there . 
  examples are cc ( canary islands ) and pnv ( basque country ), 
   destructive nationalism is based on hatred , xenophobia and an idea of cultural or even racial superiority : `` my country/nation and those who live in it are superior and better than those others '' . 
  that 's a bad nationalism . 
  for all what 's worth basque nationalists in the 19th century ( think sabino arana ) were like that . 
  obviously reformed since then though . 
  nowadays they are very reasonable nationalists . 
  not really , other than some references . 
  putin : no one cares in spain . 
  he is disliked by all parties more or less equally . 
  maduro is more divisive because podemos has ties to him with everyone repudiating him strongly but podemos being a lot softer on him soros : other than forocoches ( spanish 4chan ) hating him a lot , no one cares about him obama : everyone agrees that he was a good us president . 
  democrat presidents are treated equally by the left and the right here . 
  trump : the only real left-right issue . 
  republican presidents are usually hated by the left and liked by the right ( not just trump ; w bush was hated by the left and zapatero had a terrible relation to him , while aznar was friends with bush and invaded irak together ) . 
  trump is divisive in that way , with the left asking the conservative government to `` repudiate trump , he is dangerous for the world '' , while the right says that we should keep good relations with the us, 
  see : government formation in 2016 , which basically broke the psoe . 
  first we federalize the eu to save 28 in one go . 
  ( not a federalist , but why save 10 when you can save 37 ? ), 
  after that : norway , iceland , switzerland , san marino , vatican city , liechtenstein , montenegro , ukraine and andorra sorry serbia , bosnia , russia and belarus : /, 
  iirc if they got independence bar\u00e7a wanted to remain on the spanish league . 
  most likely a new `` catalan '' league would form . 
   pedro i 'm not a football fan , but i think he is from the canary islands . 
  i guess it 's right compared to reddit as a whole , and specially so compared to something like / r/politics, 
   is it single payer ? 
  yup , and single provider as well . 
  almost all hospitals and doctors are owned and employed by the government . 
  i think the us does this with something called the va ? 
   how much does it cost you per month ? 
  paid with general taxes . 
   what do you like and dislike about it ? 
  like : its cheap , available to anyone and of good quality dislike : waiting lists can get pretty long . 
   do you have a doctor shortage ? 
  i think yes ? 
  not sure though  does it have enough government funding or too much ( unsustainable ) ? 
  a bit on the `` too little funding '' side , but not too much . 
  keep in mind this system is ran by each region so your mileage will vary . 
  it is actually legal , but only in minor roads , not in highways . 
  yeah , i remember when the eu passed those guidelines for net neutrality everyone viewed it as an upgrade except the dutch , where it was actually a downgrade !, 
  yeah , i do n't think we have a hitchhiking culture here . 
  i would definitely never stop , and i would also never hitchhike except as a last resort measure . 
  actually , slightly less than mainland spain as vat is only 7 % !, 
  ( compared to 21 % in the mainland ) internet + landline ( ca n't buy only internet ) costs 35 $ with my company ( 50 mbps ) . 
  that plus a mobile phone is around 50 $, 
  if you consider the canary islands to be africa , then i actually do n't live in europe which i guess counts for something . 
  other than that i was once in turkey 's asian part but again , i do n't know if that counts as asia . 
  in that case then i do n't live in europe :p, 
  same here , except we read an adapted version , not the original . 
  i think the oldest original we read was el lazarillo de tormes , from like 1650 or so, 
  sure , but i 'm not convinced that the base will rebel against their leaders . 
  hope they do though , but most will vote what the leaders say . 
  remember only like 130k psoe members can vote . 
  why not send refugee applicants to those external camps as well ? 
  if they are allowed refugee status , they are sent to the country which granted that . 
  if they are rejected , they are deported . 
  in the mean time they stay in the camps, 
  mexicans do n't go around throwing terrorist attacks and stuff ( they do have the cartels and gangs though ) . 
  they also speak our language though obviously that exact advantage only applies to spain ( and portugal if you include brazil ), 
  i think that 's actually a very bad idea : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi, 
  in english : kind of like `` meem '' or something like that in spanish : meh meh, 
  the most famous far-right group here seems to be hogar social madrid . 
  and yeah , they basically only hold rallies , though they also give food to poor spaniards ( white spaniards , they claim a passport does not make you a spaniard ) . 
  their main model and reference seems to be the italian casa pound other than that they do n't do much . 
  for all what 's worth the only airline i 've found that consistently gives out something to eat are small regional airlines in the canary islands , who usually give you a snack before landing ( either a bag of peanuts or a chocolate bar depending on the airline ) . 
  they get bonus points since those flighs are very short ( i think the longest takes about 1h or so ) in fact other than on those airlines i 've only ever been given something to eat for free twice . 
  once in a trip to madrid or barcelona with ( now defunct ) spanair around 2006 or so and when i went to germany like 3 years ago with tuifly . 
  that 's it, 
  ok , so our flag carrier airline is [ iberia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iberia_ ( airline ) ) . 
  so :  do you enjoy flying with them ? 
  sure !, 
  they are probably one of the best airlines i 've flown with . 
  never had an issue with them . 
   do you think they compare favorably to other airlines , esp . 
  other flag carriers ? 
  ok , so i live in the canary islands . 
  iberia 's main advantage seems to be that they have a very good range of destinations from here inside spain and that the quality is very good . 
  however their main disadvantages are 2 : * since the islands are very touristy , if you want to go somewhere other than spain , it 's best to take another airline . 
  i do n't think iberia runs international flights from here .
