  off-brand discount stuff costs around half of that, 
  to be fair , ni and gibraltar can still reunify with their neighbours . 
  not like they 'd like to , but the option is there ( i guess gibraltar could also become independent ) scotland is a bit iffier though , but independence and rejoining the eu is there as well . 
  to be fair , my country did pass the eu constitution via referendum , but under abysmal turnout ( 42 % ) and with very few political parties opposed . 
  however , there 's no way we ( or any other eu country ) would support the eu becoming a country . 
  they might be more pro eu , but definitely no federalists . 
  currently , the big split in the psoe on whether or not to support a rajoy government . 
  it does n't matter anyways , by the time it ends we 'll be going to a third election on the 25th of december . 
  on a larger scale , our inability to form a government . 
  considering i live in the canary islands , my options are very limited : i 'll take a bus or be driven by my parents ( ca n't drive myself yet ) if i 'm staying in the island . 
  if i 'm leaving the island and going to another island , i 'll normally take a ship . 
  planes are much faster , but also more expensive . 
  for a gran canaria-tenerife or gran canaria-fuerteventura trip they are not really worth it , but they are a very nice option for any other islands , as 2 ships end up taking the entire day . 
  if i 'm leaving the islands , planes 100 % of the time . 
  there 's a weekly ship to cadiz/huelva , but good luck staying 2 nights in a boat . 
  unless you absolutely need your car and are going to southern spain/portugal , just take a plane . 
  well , i 've never even heard of them : $, 
  yeah , i am actually very proud and surprised with the philae mission . 
  up until now , all milestones had been achieved by either the ussr or the usa . 
  to be honest , ever since the space shuttle stopped operating nasa has no way of sending astronauts to the iss , other than paying russia to do so . 
  ( i do n't think the esa sends people to the iss ) they were going to pay anyways , they might as well invest on a company that could provide a cheaper alternative . 
  pretty popular as well , but not as much as the other 2 in my experience . 
  what about the french basque country ? 
  or the area north of catalonia ? 
  ( perpignan iirc ) do n't they want to join an independent basque country/catalonia ? 
  definitely andalusia . 
  like , it 's not even a contest there . 
  flamenco , tapas , bullfighting , siesta ? 
  all started or is most associated with andalusia . 
  definitely either rum + coke or vodka + fanta lemon flavour for shots i have no idea . 
  i was told in school that we did n't get the marshall plan for being a fascist dictatorship ; then we got us help anyways in the mid 50s for fighting communism and allowing them to put military bases in spain : /, 
  probably trump , since congress is controlled by republicans , so he can pass his agenda easily . 
  if congress were controlled by democrats he would be much less terrifying . 
  what about something pacific like occupy wall street ? 
  the 15m movement here was very similar and it gave birth to podemos , which now holds important mayors ( madrid and barcelona ) and 71/350 seats in parliament . 
  why ca n't us left wingers do the same ? 
  ( i guess sanders ' campaing was their attempt , but still after that wo n't the movement vanish ? ), 
  i 'm not french , but for some reason it reminds me a lot of the us election . 
  assuming it ends up as sarkozy-le pen , it probably wo n't be that different from a gender swapped clinton-trump, 
  well , yeah , but it 's mostly centered on catalonia wanting to secede ( the valencian community and the balearic islands also speak catalan and they are n't seen as rivals or anything ) in fact , if catalonia did n't want to secede , we 'd probably have a government already . 
  yeah , we 've had bad relations with the us before ( zapatero-bush comes to mind ) . 
  we wo n't be much worse than then . 
  we would definitely need a government first , which we do n't :p then again , even on the worst case scenario , i ca n't see our relations being much worse than the ones when zapatero and bush jr were presidents ( 2004-2008 ) . 
  bush and zapatero were n't exactly friends . 
  ( unlike his predecessor aznar ), 
  to be honest , was n't bolivar 's dream an independent united latin america after getting independence from spain ? 
  with all the praise he gets from certain latin american countries ( looking at venezuela especially ) , it 's weird that latin america does n't have at least something like the eu , especially seeing how they are more homogenous ( there are only 2 languages for example ) . 
  i guess mercosur is south america 's eu . 
  only when dubbing differences are mentioned . 
  if you understand spanish , watching any comment section from a video trailer or something is hilarious . 
  here 's an example : https://youtu.be/l26ohccsl7q, 
  except a hypothetical `` castille '' community would be incredibly unbalanced , not to mentiom having half it 's population in madrid, 
  probably one of the largest semi-recient ones would be not giving cuba independence earlier ( and i guess the philippines and puerto rico as well ) . 
  we ended up in a war against the us which we could not win . 
  as one admiral said : `` i 'd rather have honor fighting the war and lose our navy , than keep our navy but lose our honor '' . 
  come to think about it , 1890s cuba probably was n't that different from 2016 catalonia ( habana was definitely as spanish as barcelona at the time . 
  hell , the first spanish railway was built in cuba !, 
  well , yeah , that 's the only worry really . 
  our army is still ridiculous though , i 'm not sure if we could defend ourselves from morocco without help . 
  on defense of franco 's first half ( not like that was really a good time for spain ) he did give us lots of public businesses !, 
  ( renfe , telefonica , seat and a couple more ) . 
  which we subsequently sold in the 80s and 90s :( very weird for a right wing dictator who fought a war against a left wing regime since they were taking back the land of rich people . 
   giving autonomy to regions that did n't need it to be fair , i actually think this was a good idea . 
  what would you propose , giving autonomy to only certain regions but not others ? 
  here we are , hoping we can break your record without language debates :p, 
  i studied in the canary islands ( at a private school , granted , but no one i know of can write in passive anyways ) . 
  i finished primary school only 6 years ago though ; i doubt things have changed that much in so little time . 
  wait , what ? 
  i just exited high school and i was never told how to write in cursive  . , 
  actually , while i never watched it on tv ( way too old for my age ) ; it was our teachers ' go-to cartoon when they wanted to show us something in an interesting way . 
  hell , i even have 2 episodes on dvd of the human body one !, 
   other people do n't support that spain is in the nato - a very significant minority - . 
  to add to this , we should also mention that we actually did a [ referendum to leave nato in 1986 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_nato_membership_referendum,_1986 ) , with remain winning 56-43 . 
  however , 4 autonomous communities voted for leaving . 
  those were catalonia , the canary islands , the basque country and navarra . 
  interestingly , the first 3 are the only regions in the entire country that still have nationalist parties represented in the spanish congress in madrid ; and all 4 of them currently have nationalist governors . 
  also , the nato referendum was incredibly mismanaged from the beginning . 
  then-president felipe gonzalez campaigned for leaving nato in 1982 when he was first elected , but when the referendum came he campaigned for remaining !, 
  even worse , the main pro-nato party at the time ; ap ( predecessor to the current pp ) campaigned for abstaning and voting blank !, 
  here 's a pic showing the psoe 's change : http://pictures2.todocoleccion.net/tc/2009/11/27/16114640.jpg also , we got some concessions in order to persuada us to remain in nato . 
  all of them have been since broken . 
  * 1 euro : 3 x germany ; 1 x spain ; 1 x portugal * 50 cent : 1 x spain * 20 cent : 2 x germany ; 1 x spain * 10 cent : 1 x spain * 5 cent : 1 x spain * 2 cent : 2 x spain * 1 cent : 1 x spain ** total : ** * 5 x germany * 8 x spain * 1 x portugal i probably have so many german coins since i live in a touristy area of my country . 
  it seems to have a very slight latin american `` accent '' to it , but i did n't want to translate it myself , so here 's the version i found in a popular argentinian message board named taringa :  \u00bf qu\u00e9 carajos acabas de decir sobre m\u00ed , maldito bastardo ? 
  estoy contactando mi red secreta de esp\u00edas a lo largo de usa . 
  probably . 
  i mean , we get tons of british and german tourists that can barely speak spanish , if you have learned a bit of spanish from mexicans , you should totally be fine . 
  actually , most stuff in touristy zones ( the ones near the beach ) is easier to find in english or german than in spanish ( i once met a shopkeeper that could n't even speak spanish !, 
  according to precise data , 99.87 % of bad experiences with so-called rude french people in shops and such is because of this . 
  [ relevant simpsons clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j2duy_xzea ), 
  i guess that 's because everywhere else cycling paths may as well not be painted . 
  most people do n't respect them . 
  well , here 's a map of the most popular beer on a region per region basis : http://i67.tinypic.com/314cls9.jpg cruzcampo ( the one from the south ) is the most popular overall , but it 's considered to be one of the bad ones . 
  i do n't really know which ones are the best or worst though , i do n't drink that much , and when i do , i do n't really care about the brand . 
  iirc someone wanted to build a tunnel , kind of like the one between france and the uk . 
  i 'd be opposed to it though , for obvious reasons ( * cough illegal immigrants cough * ), 
  well , i live in las palmas ; but i took the prices for a single student or worker living by himself or something . 
  if you split it 3 ways it 's obviously much cheaper :p, 
  well , i also live in an island and prices are quite low tbh, 
  a nice appartment ( 80 m ^ 2 ) for more people . 
  the absolute cheapest i 've seen ( in terrible places , 40 m ^ 2 ; etc ) is like 40k or 300 $ / month,
