  it 's mandatory and you have no choices here whatsoever , except maybe a choice between religion and `` alternative to religion '' ( so useless they could n't even think a name for it . 
  basically doing nothing ) . 
  on year 7 you start what is called eso , which stands for `` compulsory secondary education '' . 
  as the name suggests , it 's mandatory for everyone as well ( you ca n't drop out of school until you are 16 , but you * can * drop off without this if you repeat ) . 
  that lasts until year 10 , and up until year 9 you still get no choices whatsoever . 
  however on year 10 you get your first choice . 
  there you choose whether you want to go through a `` sciences '' path ( math , chemistry , etc ) or through a `` letters '' path ( latin and the like ) finally , when you end the eso . 
  you get your first real choice in terms of path . 
  you have 3 options : * stop studying and start working : not recommended at all since no one will hire you with just the eso , but it can be done * doing bachillerato ( years 11-12 ) * doing an intermediate vocational training program ( lasts for 2 years ) . 
  not many go through this route , as bachillerato give you the same chances at further education , and just an intermediate vocational training program is n't that great of a cv ( though way better than nothing ) i 'd say the split is something like 2-75-23 or so . 
  whenever you end your intermediate vocational traning program , you have 2 options basically : * start working * do a superior vocational traning program ( this actually opens a lot of jobs , and if you do n't want to go to university , it 's the best option , other than maybe joining the army or something ) if you do bachillerato , your options are : * start working ( actually slightly worse than if you had an intermediate vocational training program , though it opens a wider range of jobs , but of lesser quality ) * go to university . 
  university in spain is not free , but it 's heavily subsidized . 
  if you never fail any subjects ( easier said than done , especially in degrees like engineering or math ) , you are looking at around 1200 $ per year or so . 
  slightly more if you start failing , but almost never more than say , 3500 $ . 
  * do a superior vocational traning program . 
  though to be fair , there was a highly controversial education reform on my country starting with people who are one year younger than i am , so a couple of things are different now . 
  i do n't know much about that reform ( even though my brother is taking it xd ) so what i said only applies to people up to the class of 2016 . 
  it seems that the main diference is public transport . 
  does any place in the us other than ny have public transport equivalent to what a european city if that size would hace actually ? 
  well , in my region ( canary islands ) we get almost permanent weather of 20-30c . 
  though in the rest of spain either you 'll get really nice winters , but overly hot summers ( the mediterranean mostly , andalusia , murcia , valencia , catalonia ) or mild summers but very cold winters ( the cantabric coast mostly , the basque country , cantabria , asturias , galicia ) . 
  and then there 's the centre , which has both terrible summers and winters ( madrid , both castilles , aragon , extremadura ), 
  mostly the flamenco stuff . 
  i 've never met anyone who listens to that ( maybe andalusia is different ? ), 
  siesta is n't all that popular either . 
  most people do n't do it . 
  in my family for example , only my parents do . 
  normally british english . 
  then again that only matters when you are writing ( colour instead of color , just like it should be xd ) , as whenever you speak you will speak with an spanish accent . 
  i 'd say most people 's spoken accent is closer to american than british , mostly due to the influence of american movies and such . 
  oddly enough i had a couple of american teachers , and they still taught us british english for the most part . 
  haahajahaha yeah : / whenever you go out to party , you 'd better like reggaeton , as that 's 95 % of the music they 'll play . 
  probably [ canis ] ( http://statics.cuantarazon.com/crs/2010/10/cr_21950_canis_thumb_fb.jpg?cb=25139 ) . 
  ( called collos or matados in my region ) . 
  basically people who listen to reggaeton , drop out of school and the like . 
  basically , in europe there are barely any us style libertarian parties ( the ones that really advocate for small government and rights ) . 
  the closest you can get are liberal parties ( in europe , that 's classic liberal , not a synonym for progressive ) . 
  they are more centrist than libertarian , but they are still for the most part socially left and economically right . 
  now , speaking for my own country ( spain ) , we 've had 4 liberal parties with seats in parliament in our democratic history : - ucd ( union of the democratic centre ) : after the first elections , this was the party of the incumbent ( but not elected , rather appointed by the king ) prime minister , and they won the first 2 elections under a platform mostly centred on `` the safe way towards democracy '' . 
  internal disputes made them collapse by the 1982 elections . 
  - cds ( democratic and social centre ) : after ucd 's collapse , this was the largest split , led by then only former prime minister adolfo suarez . 
  it never won any elections though , peaking in 1986 when they got 19 mps iirc , and became the third largest party in parliament . 
  they collapsed in 1993 due to internal struggles when they got 0 mps . 
  some of their branches fared better though . 
  for example , their canary islands branch became nationalistic and along other parties formed cc ( canarian coalition ) , a canary islands nationalist centrist ( tiny bit to the right ) party . 
  in fact , they 've ruled the canary islands regional government since the 90s . 
  - upyd ( union , progress and democracy ) : an split in the psoe over their terrorist policy created this party , led by former socialist mp rosa diez . 
  they got 1 seat in 2008 and like 10 in 2011 , but rosa diez 's leadership was very dictatorial and inflexible and led many to jump to the newly arising liberal party , leading to upyd 's collapse in 2015 and 2016 , when they got 0,5 % of the popular vote . 
  they still exist though , but they are quite fringe . 
  - ciudadanos ( citizens ) : the newest liberal party ; it was originally a regionalist catalonian party that did n't contest national elections , and campaigned on a platform opposed to catalonian independence . 
  when the mainstream parties lost support during 2014 and 2015 , they seized the opportunity to jump to the national scene , and in the 2015 elections they got 40 mps ; the most a centrist party had ever since ucd 's times . 
  declined slightly in 2016 , but on the other hand , they are the official opposition in the catalonian regional parliament and they are the junior member of many governing coalitions on regional parliaments ; most notably madrid . 
  in europe ? 
  either german or french . 
  maybe dutch or russian as well . 
  if you want to count places outside europe though ? 
  spanish ( opens latin america as well as spain ) or french ( opens up africa as well as france and part of belgium ), 
  late here , but whatever . 
  native : spanish fluent : english , german ( c1 level in both ) used to know a bit , but forgot : french and that 's it . 
  i guess i * could * understand written galician or catalan , maybe even portuguese , french or italian , but i 'm not really sure ( those are mostly because they are romance languages ) i feel weird with all the polyglots here xd, 
  i 'd tell you to move here , but it will be hard to get a job ( 21 % unemployment ) . 
  if you can get a job here though , the weather is really awesome !, 
  the canary islands have pretty much 24/7/365 nice weather ( 25c , with very few , but still some rain . 
  not too hot or too cold either ) . 
  other regions have great weather as well , like galicia ( slighly colder and rainier , closer to britain in that regard ) or catalonia . 
  also , food is pretty good as well . 
  which language should you learn ? 
  the one from the country you will move to :p i 'd say english , but being a brit that is pretty much out of the question . 
  i guess in that case probably either spanish ( opens doors in latin america & spain ) or french ( opens doors in africa , france and belgium ) . 
  maybe german or even dutch if you reallly want to stay in europe . 
  would anyone even accept such a concept ? 
  even the concept of a homogenous spain is rejected by most people . 
  unlike in some countries , i think foreigners can join the spanish army . 
  however , that offer is limited only to people from latin america and equatorial guinea ( basically , the places that once belonged to the spanish empire ) . 
  if you are from puerto rico you * might * have a slim chance , but i would n't bet on it ( puerto ricans do have easier access to spanish nationality , but not sure about the army ) . 
  if not , forget about it . 
  nope . 
  guess their government learned the lesson about referendums . 
  they did hold another round of elections shortly after they accepted though . 
  yup . 
  rejected the bailout in referendum , a corralito happened and insead of just saying fuck you to the eu and dropping the euro they accepted a bailout with worse conditions that they were offered . 
  nope . 
  that was right after that . 
  they had a corralito fairly reciently actually , like early 2000s argentina, 
  neither the ussr commies or the neo nazis have won there yet . 
  right now , the `` soft '' commies are in charge ( syriza , which is more or less like podemos . 
  to get an idea , they are to the left of sanders by a decent margin , but still not ussr communists ), 
  to be fair , if either the communists or nazis win in greece , they are screwed . 
  for some reason current greece reminds me a lot of 1920s germany . 
  iirc only greece has a full blown ussr communist party with representation in their parliament, 
  nope . 
  mostly because we were n't involved in either world war . 
  well , here in spain we basically have an nhs rip-off . 
  it 's handled at a regional level though , not nationally , so problems are different depending on where you live . 
  apparently in catalonia they have trouble paying medication stores . 
  in madrid they are outsourcing to private enterprises all auxiliary services , such as cleaning ( so , they are partially privatizing it , which is awful ) where i live ( canary islands ) the main problem are the waiting lists . 
  if you need an operation that is n't life threatening ( but merely important ) ; you are basically looking at a one year wait . 
  similarly , to get an appointment with an especialized doctor , you often have to book like weeks in advance , sometimes months . 
  however , the actual care quality is almost 10/10 level . 
  you can get extra private healthcare if you so wish , which means you 'll barely have to wait , but the health quality , especially for awful stuff is n't as great ( not bad , but the public service is better ) .
