  i live in the canary islands and no one would consider himself african , even if morocco is 10 times closer than the spanish mainland, 
  no you are n't . 
  it 's not rare to see stuff like `` x serial child murderer rapist '' sentenced to 700 years . 
  however , he wo n't spend his entire life in prison neither under the old or the new system under the old system he 'd be released after 30 years iirc , no questions asked . 
  he could also be released earlier on parole . 
  under the current system ( 2013 on iirc ) ; he will serve 30 years . 
  then he can get indefinite extensions of time . 
  he can also be released on parole . 
  good , but technically incorrect for spain . 
  we also have a maximum sentence that can be prolonged indefinitely like norway, 
  spain has been behind the rest of the eu basically since it joined though . 
  even when eastern europe joined in 2004 , we were still poor enough to be net receivers . 
  i think that will change very soon though . 
  iirc the 2016 ( or was it 2017 ? ), 
  budget had us as net contributors for the first time even before the uk left we are now a net contributor , but that 's very recient . 
  as for the others , i do n't know about italy or especially france , but i guess german reunification made germany a net benefitiary ( or at least contribute less ) for a while . 
  for all what 's worth zapatero here put a similar measure and imploded the budget and was still reelected in 2008 ( though the crisis was n't fully obvious in early 08 , he began to lose in polls starting in late 2008 ) his party faced a blowout in the next election though ( 2011 ), 
  so , should a / r, 
  watching the shitshow that the authoritarian right is right now makes me glad we do n't have any such parties at the moment , 
  well , we 've got decent rum i guess : /, 
  yeah , i think he confused it with poland 's current ruling party , `` law and justice '' ( prawo i sprawiedliwo\u015b\u0107 ), 
  for all what 's worth , unionists here call a hypothetical independent catalonia narnia as well , because according to them it is as real as narnia [ relevant meme ] ( http://img.imgur.com/x8ads.jpg ), 
   it 's not so bad here in spain , but back in the uk its crazy . 
  really ? 
  i always thought we did n't care about terrorism that much because we already fought the basque terrorist group eta back in the day , but did n't the uk fight the ira in a similar way ? 
  i thought the uk was used to terrorism as well ( i guess it 's just northern ireland though ), 
  does n't that mean that if fillon can win the first round , he will get a landslide in the second ? 
  libya basically has no functioning state at the time . 
  pretty sure tgey can be easily bribed . 
  alternatively just take a small piece of coastal uninhabited land , like guantanamo bay for the us . 
  / r/fullcommunism relevant subreddit, 
  spain can into ussr apparently ? 
  interestingly , we still build houses like that over here ( and were n't ever communist , i 'd say it 's more like dictatorships in general ) apparently this is a new housing block in madrid http://www.economiadigital.es/es/img2/2016/05/inmobiliario-venta-pisos-marzo-2016-pisos-en-construccion-71927.jpg, 
  fine , what are the territorial waters of libya ? 
  12 nautical miles from shore ? 
  give them a small raft and have them row to land . 
  alternatively smuggle them back into libya illegally . 
  18 years here and counting ( ie all my life ) :(, 
  you are now a moderator of / r/pyongyang, 
  i thought paris ' population was usually calculated as the population of the region it 's in ? 
  ( ile de france iirc ) , just like london 's population usually is the one from greater london region or madrid province for madrid ? 
  to be fair , i really only hear it in the radio . 
  it 's not all that common on tv , mostly because tvs usually have a clock . 
  the inquisition was not a war though , but fine , i 'll give you that . 
  then we are looking at peace between catholics and protestants since 1834, 
  no they have n't . 
  the last catholics v protestants war was in the late 1600s ( 30 years war ) . 
  i ca n't even recall a catholics v orthodoxy war ( i guess the 4th crusade which invaded constantinople could count ? ), 
  the canary islands will probably switch to gmt-1 in that case though . 
  there 's simply too much free publicity everytime a news reporter says `` it 's 8 o'clock , 7 o'clock in the canary islands '', 
  yeah , you know which country has exactly the system you describe ? 
  the usa . 
  granted , their system has lots of positives , but also lots of negatives . 
  it 's not inherently superior ( or inferior ) to what europe uses . 
  yeah , but even for ad hoc coalitions you 'll either see these coalitions , an even more wacky coalition , or a great coalition ( maybe without alde , but that 's it ) . 
  so , if my math does n't fail me , the only remotely logical coalitions without a great coalition are : a right wing alde+epp+ecr+efdd . 
  try to imagine alde ( the most pro eu party ) working with farage xd . 
  same would go if you replace efdd with enf ( ie le pen and the front national ) . 
  picture a lib dems + conservatives + ukip coalition a weird alde+epp+ecr+g reens alliance . 
  probably the most plausible ( iirc germany has experiences with similar coalitions at the local level ) , but still with tons of problems . 
  this is comparable to a greens + snp+l ib dems + conservatives coalition a super weird ( and that 's an understatement ) ngl+g reens + s&d+alde+enf coalition . 
  i guess they can make a coalition to de fend the welfare state ? 
  maybe ? 
  thrn again , no one will want to work with le pen & co anyways ( especially not alde or the far left ) . 
  the uk equivalent is probably labour + ukip+g reens + lib dems xd, 
  so , if my math does n't fail me , the only remotely logical coalitions without a great coalition are : * a right wing alde+epp+ecr+efdd . 
  try to imagine alde ( the most pro eu party ) working with farage xd . 
  same would go if you replace efdd with enf ( ie le pen and the front national ) * a weird alde+epp+ecr+g reens alliance . 
  probably the most plausible ( iirc germany has experiences with similar coalitions at the local level ) , but still with tons of problems ( for the spaniards here , try to imagine a rajoy-rufi\u00e1n coalition xd ; ie pp+erc ) * a ** super ** weird ( and that 's an understatement ) ngl+g reens + s&d+alde+enf coalition . 
  i guess they can make a coalition to de fend the welfare state ? 
  maybe ? 
  thrn again , no one will want to work with le pen & co anyways ( especially not alde or the far left ), 
  pretty sure our regional government would move our timezone as well . 
  the `` one hour less in the canary islands '' thing is basically free advertising, 
  could n't they get around with a goofy random referendum , on i do n't know , `` should wearing mismatched socks be a punishable offense with a fine of at most 0,01 $ ? 
  '' , and the government explicitly saying that 's to get around that , and that if `` yes , wearing mismatched socks should be illegal '' wins , they 'll pull out of the euro ? 
  to be fair , if they kill romania 's economy wo n't they lose the next election in 4 years ? 
  same here , they apparently make our psoe look clean, 
  yeah . 
  i thought our election results were bad enough and in retrospect we were the only ones that did n't fuck up xd, 
  so , basically like us , electing the corrupt party ? 
  ( not the populist one though , here thankfully they are n't the same ), 
  seeing all the corruption complaints , i guess romania did the same thing we did ? 
  ( elect the corrupt party instead of any of the alternatives ) some 2016s are more shocking than others : /, 
  no , but the uk and france ( and the us , probably the largest deterrent ) are all part of nato . 
  does germany have the codes though ? 
  or would they still need approval from the us president ? 
  yeah , in my family i received presents in both dates , but the ones for papa noel were smaller and less important . 
  could n't the rest of europe counterattack with convencional forces though ? 
  oh , i had n't thought of that aspect . 
  then yeah , getting some sort of nuclear deterrent could be an acceptable idea if we ca n't depend on the us , but it should be the minimum required one . 
  again , even if we do n't have enough nukes to penetrate russia 's defenses , what does russia win with making europe an apocalyptic wasteland ? 
  second , even if we ca n't defend ourselves , the amount of nukes russia would have to fire to destroy europe would probably cause nuclear winter regardless , so it 's not an option for them either . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
   of these 17 countries 7 would reap major reward ( not having to pay out huge cash to the rest which depresses their economies big league ) . 
  for example the basque 's have a gdp per capita 35 % higher than the rest of spain , madrid has one which is 29 % higher , navarre is 27 % higher . 
  you can find the whole list online . 
  sure , but you conveniently forgot that 10 would be worse off . 
  madrid has almost twice as high gdp per capita as extremadura or andaluc\u00eda ( most populated region ) . 
   but you pretty much dodged the question and i would like you to respond to it and not weasel around it `` the usa is a terrible frightening example because it has pretty much a mono culture now .
