  we 've had a `` class leader '' every year since like year 4 . 
  however , other than talking to teachers to set dates for exams , the class delegate has 0 power . 
  i actually was class delegate twice ( year 7 and half of year 10 ; ended up being fired the second time xd ) and i hated the job . 
  * i think the no prom thing is changing ? 
  we did have one party when we ended all our exams . 
  no dumb dating stuff though , thank god  just a regular party you might see for a totally unrelated reason . 
  have you actually been to a us high school ? 
  ( i have n't , but i know movies = / = reality ), 
  to be fair , i saw the statistics and spain and the us are roughly in the same spot in terms of quality . 
  vastly different issues making each wrong probably though . 
  also , i love the `` esto no es forocoches '' remark xd, 
  well , in my opinion that question has 2 parts : do i consider myself european alongside my countries nationality ? 
  sure , of course . 
  do i consider myself european as well as spanish ? 
  no ; not really . 
  basically , in my opinion i feel an spaniard first , then canary islander ( these 2 close to each other , depending on whether i speak with someone from my country or not ) ; and in a distant third european . 
   in both cities , rents are so expensive and dining out so expensive ( with the tipping !, 
  ) , that paris almost feels like a bargain in comparison . 
  to be fair , is n't that caused because the us are `` richer '' than most countries in europe ( ie higher salaries but higher prices as well ) ? 
  iirc the poorest us states have a gdp per capita comparable to something like italy . 
  probably not . 
  i do n't think there 's even one of those necklaces with a cross , which is the more common religious symbol . 
  older people do sometimes have jesus in a cross though , and often have such necklaces . 
  lol what ? 
  how is catalonia oppressed ? 
  oh sure , but people in catalonia think seceding will win . 
  ( though they do have kind of a point ; iirc independence is like 2 points ahead ) and even if they do n't , they still accuse the goverbnment of being a bunch of cowards . 
   if you want to find countries similar to us , spain and cuba - especially the first 20th century half - were the spite of each other that 's probably because cuba was part of spain until 1898 though, 
  other than a couple novelas not really, 
  except in catalonia of course . 
  there they try to compare the 2 and complain that scotland got a referendum and they did n't . 
  to be fair , while franco was still terrible and set us back like 30 years or so , he still is n't the worst we 've had , and actually did some good stuff !, 
  ( social security and public healthcare . 
  extremely weird for an ultraconservative dictator xd ) ferdinand vii was much worse and he was a dictator as well ( technically an absolute monarch ) so no excuses there either, 
  oh , sure , but that 's not president of an independent country . 
  a more appropiate term could be governor or first minister ; as opposed to president or prime minister . 
  also worth mentioning : remember that `` name our ship '' contest which gave birth to boaty mcboatface ? 
  well , there was an attempt by an spanish message board named forocoches to derail that and get the ship named blas de lezo instead , with the description :  he was a great sailor and helped develop britain 's underwater research however it was seen as offensive and removed for some reason . 
  still a better name than boaty mcboatface though . 
   companys is the only incumbent democratically elected president in european history to have been executed he was never president though , unless you want to count that short period when catalonia declared independence in 1934 . 
  to be fair , it 's not rare for flats to have a shared basement though , but that 's almost always used exclusively for parking cars . 
  i personally find it pretty cute . 
  extra cuteness points if they actually speak using heavy latin american expressions and accents xd, 
   ( since our nation state is younger than germany , italy , etc. 
  ) , actually , the us themselves are older than many eu countries as they stand now . 
  germany or italy definitely did n't exist back in the late 1700s the `` 100 years in the us is a long time ; 100 mi in europe is a long distance '' point still stands though . 
  while i do n't agree , how abortion should be handled is definitely something that each individual country should handle , not the eu . 
  dependining on how you define `` last '' , there are various contenders ( in order from last to first ) :  final disposition : this constitution shall enter into force the same day it 's official text is published on the official state bulletin . 
  it shall also be published in the other languages of spain . 
  pretty boring and standard article , were it not for that last part that mandates that it should be published in catalan , basque and galician as well . 
  last thing that actually does something :  third repealing disposition : all other laws opposing this constitution shall be repealed even more boring . 
  last actual article :  article 169 : no consitutional reforms shall be started on times of war , or while one of the states forseen in article 116 is active ( states of alarm , exception and siege ) now , this one is a bit interesting , though we 've only been on such a state once since the constitution was passed , during an illegal air controllers strike on 2010 . 
  twice if you count the 23-02-1981 coup ( where an illegal exception state was passed in valencia by the people who supported the coup ), 
  wait , should n't the reunification of germany mean that germany should make a new constitution now ? 
  apparently yes , i misremembered the price . 
   here we know more or less its to engage in `` psychological pricing '' for example `` 4.99 '' in our brains might seem more appealing than `` 5.00 '' . 
  to be fair , that 's also extremely common in europe as well ( though sometimes x. 95 $ is used instead , as no one likes 1 cent coins ) they do include tax though, 
  absolute cheapest is iirc mercadona 's knebep vodka . 
  7 $ for 1 l, 
  las palmas ( my home town :d ) barcelona ( very beautiful city with lots of stuff to do ) seville ( pretty much the same as barcelona ), 
  to be fair , that was only until 2011 . 
  now we either have 1 or 3 , depending on how optimistic you are, 
  hey !, 
  we actually have many parties . 
  it 's just that they are the same, 
  meanwhile in spanish lana means wool . 
  i wonder how far we can get xd, 
  meanwhile over here when you mention bimbo it 's 99 % of the time the bread brand xd, 
  i thought the bible was the best selling book ever ? 
  i thought valencia or lleida was the region with the hard to get catalan ? 
  anyways , for spanish it 's probably rural andalusia, 
  definitely andalusia . 
  that accent can end up being almost unintelligible at times xd, 
   we have that attitude that we love to badmouth our country but if anyone else says it , we 'll get pissed at them . 
  yeah , we are exactly like that as well xd and yes , things did get a bit weird during the euro 2008 and 2012 and the 2010 world cup as well , but thankfully ( or unfortunately if you like football ) that era has passed, 
  definitely over here in spain . 
  there 's not nationalism on the rise over here at all ( unless you want to count catalan nationalism , but that 's more like secessionism ; and it 's definitely not far right nationalism ) i think portugal has even less nationalism than us though . 
  well , where i live ( canary islands ) there are obviously no rail lines connecting us with the mainland , so i do n't really use it that often . 
  if i need to go somewhere , i 'll just take the plane there ( sometimes with a stopover in madrid ) . 
  it 's not really worth it to leave the airport , go to the train station and finally go to my destination . 
  i will say though that it comes pretty handy for one day trips in some situations . 
  if you are staying in madrid ( for example ) , a one day trip to toledo with the ave is definitely a great option . 
  in 30 minutes you are there . 
  if you plan on staying and doing most of your stuff in europe , most likely german . 
  most spoken language in europe . 
  if you plan on leaving europe , the best option is probably spanish , which opens all of latin america ( as well as spain ) . 
  french is also a good option , opening most of africa ( as well as quebec in canada , france and half of belgium ) really , it 's picking one between spanish/german/french . 
  german is more useful inside europe ; spanish is more useful outside europe and french is kind of the middle point . 
  well , the uk votes along the other 27 countries in eu parliament elections . 
  granted , most people treat them as though they were for national parliaments ( which they are n't ) and turnout is very low , but it 's still a way to influence the eu . 
  i guess you could also collect signatures and present a law , but at least here that never goes anywhere . 
  actually , our minimum wage assumes you 'll be paid 14 times a year ( you get double pay on june and december ) . 
  if you are paid only 12 times a year , it 's more like 750 $ iirc . 
  to be fair , if luxenbourg and malta can be eu members , so can gibraltar ( unless spain vetos it or they would benefit more from being outside the eu like norway ) . 
  it 'd be smaller than any other european country except for vatican city , sure , but it would n't be that big of an issue . 
  worst case scenario , they join the efta alonside the uk . 
  yeah , i know that ( was n't the last referendum like 98-2 in favour of not becoming spanish ? ) . 
  our politicians should know that as well xd however , if gibraltar is independent , why ca n't they ( re ) join the eu when the uk leaves ? 
  to be fair , when the uk actually leaves , if they rejoin , wo n't that opt-out not be valid anymore ? 
  yeah , an average lays large pack of chips ( 120g ) costs like 1.20 $ or so over here .
