  ( though that is probably equatorians returning to their home country due to the bad situation in spain ), 
   guanche in the canary islands wait , what ? 
  that has n't existed since literally the 17th century xd other than a few ( very few ) loan words that somehow made it into the dialect there , the language is deader than dead . 
  well , first of all , there 's spanish , recognized as the official language in all of spain . 
  then there are the major regional languages : catalan , basque and galician . 
  they are all recognized officially in their autonomy statutes ( sort of like autonomous community constitutions ) and are widely used in government and school ( iirc schools are bilingual there and regional government information is available in both languages ) . 
  catalan is recognized in catalonia , the balearic islands and the valencian community ( though iirc the valencian community claims valencian is a totally different language when it 's not ) . 
  galician is officially recognized in galicia and basque is recognized officially in the basque country and partially in navarra ( only in the northern basque speaking part iirc ) finally there are the minor regional languages , of which i do n't know much about . 
  the most famous is aranese , spoken in a tiny region of catalonia in the pyrinees . 
  i think the catalan government protects it in that tiny region . 
  other than that i think aragon and asturias have such languages as well , but i do n't know their status . 
  they are barely used though , and much closer to say , welsh in the uk than to , say , galician . 
  ok , i 'm not that much into spanish movies myself , but i 'll give you one : the [ torrente ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torrente,_el_brazo_tonto_de_la_ley ) saga ( though a lot can be lost if you are n't familiar with spain ) . 
  it 's still hilarious though , and lots of celebrities make cameos in the later ones ( which are n't that great ) . 
  the first ones are pretty good though . 
  maybe it 's simply that you get 2 but you actually pay for more ? 
  for example , up until reciently the infrastructure in my area only allowed for 2.5 mbps , but we paid the same amount of money as if we had 30 mbps :(, 
  ok , here 's my internet connexion : 300 mbps ( in theory . 
  in practice it 's between 20 and 100 ) 60 $ / month no quota for wifi at home ; 3 gb cap on cellphones included in the deal fiber +4 g for phones included in the deal the deal includes internet + landline phone + one mobile phone + paid tv ( ie satellite/cable tv ) provider is movistar , which iirc operates in many countries around the world ( though not so much in europe as in latin america ) . 
  o2 is affiliated with them though . 
   thankfully the kind of sjw you have in america can not prosper in spain ( the one like calling us racists because there is not enough black people in the streets ) because bullshit like that is mocked from everyone of every political color . 
  if you show any of our comical movies to your sjw they will die of triggering in minute one should i remind you of zapatero 's [ law against gender violence ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/ley_org%c3%a1nica_de_medidas_de_protecci%c3%b3n_integral_contra_la_violencia_de_g%c3%a9nero ) , which actually takes out innocence assumption in some cases , and his [ ministry of equality ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/ministerio_de_igualdad ) ? 
  well , we were n't exactly co-beligerents , but we did support nazi germany , so anyways . 
  we are basically taught that in exchange for hitler 's help to franco during the civil war , he returned the favour by giving support to germany , allowing their ships to refuel in spain among other things and sending an special voluntary division to the soviet union frontline , the blue division . 
  we are also taught that germany wanted us to enter the war , but that clever negotiations on franco 's part ( including unreasonable demands to hitler ) kept us out of war . 
  thanks to that guy we probably ended up behind the rest of europe for the next 150 , catching up only pretty much now . 
  i completely forgot about him . 
  1776 , the original brexit :p, 
  well , i do n't really think we 've had a full on traitor in an insanely long time ( more like hugely incompetent people , but still not full traitors ) . 
  the only one i can think of is whoever was trying king in 711 ( iirc there were disputes at the time ) , which allowed muslims to enter the country so his side could become king . 
  instead , the muslims conquered the entire country ( except for asturias , which never fell ) with very little resistance . 
  then again , we never saw spanish medieval history in depth in class , so i might be wrong . 
  at least in terms of cartoons yes . 
  my mother actually grew up with many series which were some weird mix between japanese and european cartoons ( marco , heidi , maya the bee , etc ) . 
  i remember watching those sometimes as a kid . 
  the weather . 
  it may sound as a joke , but i really feel proud about our weather . 
  we have both very nice summers and very nice winters . 
  especially in my region , where temperatures are 99 % of the time between 20 and 30 \u00bac . 
  after looking up it apparently refers to the fact that when obama last visited spain this july iirc , some people decided to greet him with protests apparently ( i had never heard of such protests , but wharever ) here 's the link i found : http://www.telesurtv.net/news/obama-sera-recibido-en-espana-bajo-la-consigna-obama-go-home-20160707-0057.html apparently telesur is n't exactly unbiased ( maybe it 's the latin american russia today ? ), 
  i find the shield more interesting to be honest . 
  it has the flags of all 4 former `` spanish '' kingdoms ( aragon , castille , navarra and leon ) in the middle , in the centre the emblem of the borbon monarchy , in the bottom the flower that represents the former muslim kingdom of granada . 
  at the sides the 2 pillars from hercules representing the strait of gibraltar and at the top a crown for well , you know , the king . 
  one thing i 've always found lame about the catalan ( or more like aragonian ) flag is how all 4 of catalonia , valencia , the balearic islands and aragon use the same flag , with few differences : /, 
  in fact , here are some examples [ cuban ] ( https://youtu.be/joa2vzcbvwo ) [ canary islands ] ( https://youtu.be/d7lsshfyxp8 ) [ standard spain accent ] ( https://youtu.be/5lf7bfze_we ), 
  i speak canary islands ' spanish , which is actually closer to cuba 's spanish ( and to a lesser extent , to the rest of latin america 's accents ) than to the mainland 's dialect ( except for maybe the andalusian one ) basically imagine a cuban speaking , but slightly closer to a spanish accent . 
  yeah , incredibly new . 
  so new it dates back to either the late 1400s ( marriage of the catholic kings ) or 1714 ( `` new floor decrees '' ) . 
  to be fair , it 's just that a referendum would either be pointless , illegal or almost impossible to pull off . 
  first , a binding referendum is illegal ; as the spanish constitution explicitly rules out the possibility of independence on article 2 ( and it would break many others regardless ) so , what about a non-binding one ? 
  well , one can be done ; but there 's really no point in one . 
  imagine the result is yes , what do we do next , tell catalonia that they still ca n't secede because the rest of the country does n't want them to ? 
  so , what about reform of the constitution then . 
  well , article 2 is on the `` specially protected zone '' , alongside the monarchy and fundamental rights like freedom of speech , so that requires a 2/3 majority in both houses ; then new elections ; 2/3 of both houses again and finally a binding referendum in the entire country . 
  let alone the fact that only 1 of the 4 main parties support that . 
  hell , if we were going to do that , we might as well do a new constitution and fix everything else wrong with this one !, 
  to be fair , most teenagers here do n't work at all until they are done with university , at age 22 or so . 
  that 's not a teenager ; not sure why employment rates would be that inportant, 
  well , i did have fish and chips once and it was indeed pretty good , and so are british breakfasts , but i do n't know anything else : /, 
  yup , pretty much . 
  they * might * be a chance of getting latin as a sciences student technically , but to my knowledge few or no schools offer that combination the average humanities student on year 11 ( with latin ) will have something like world history/latin greek or economics/latin/greek ( or many more combinations , as maths for social sciences are also an option . 
  basically pick 3/5 ) while the average year 11 sciences student also picks 3 , but between maths , biology , physics + chemistry ( they are considered a single subject in year 11 ) , industrial technologies or technical drawing, 
   yeah sure , libya and syria were not important issues spaniard here ; we 've had 2 election campaigns in the last year , and syria and libya have barely been mentioned at all during the campaign . 
  i 'm assuming the other language is english . 
  still , forget spain . 
  insanely high unemployment rates ( 21 % ; second highest in the eu , only behind greece ) and pretty low pay ( minimum wage is at 700 $ a month , though a doctor would definitely earn much more ) . 
  plus , doctors here are civil servants , and i 'm not sure how foreigners can apply to such jobs ( they definitely can though ; we have a sizable number of cuban doctors ) if you want to improve your spanish , i 'd say mexico is probably a better place to get a job ( probably not to live in though ), 
  well , here in spain they are optional depending o which path you take in years 10 and 11 . 
  sciences paths do n't allow latin or greek at all , while in humanities paths they are an option for those that do n't want to take any maths at all . 
  fluent in : spanish , english , german ( bit less confident in this one , but still mostly fluent , with a c1 ) used to have a basic level but forgot everything : french i went to a private school though . 
  at a public one you normally learn broken english and like 3 words of french :(, 
  spaniard ( from the canary islands ) here . 
  anyways , from largest to smallest border portugal : our brothers :d nice people and great food . 
  france : great as well . 
  fantastic art and architecture . 
  andorra : i guess they are a self governing ski station ? 
  the best kind of ski station  morocco : great furniture and clothes , but annoying and underdeveloped . 
  i 'd love to see them becoming a good nation , but as of now they are probably a liability more than anything else . 
  uk : drunk brits in our beaches are n't exactly a sight to behold , but it 's mostly thanks to them and germans that we even have an economy in many regions , including mine so thanks . 
  terrible food and weather , but everything else about the country is great :d, 
  not to mention andorra , morocco and the uk ( gibraltar ), 
  i do n't know to be honest . 
  ( though that 's more of a friendly rivalry tbh ) maybe mexico ? 
  ( though they are understandably more friends with the us , though a trump election could probably change that ) portugal is also a good candidate , but they have a long relation with the uk , with which spain has definitely not been a friend of historically . 
  screw it , i 'm picking andorra :p, 
  actually , catalonians making those claims would n't even be the first to do so !, 
  the pnv with sabino arana defended the `` basque race '' and rejected marriages with spaniards back in the xixth century . 
  in fact , xixth century basque nationalism reminded us of nazism back when we saw that in class, 
  oddly enough there are a sizable number of portuguese there from what i 've heard , so i 'm guessing that applies to them as well . 
  not to mentio eta and the ira, 
  well , someone like gary johnson would probably be too radical for european liberals . 
  i definitely ca n't see him in our liberal party . 
  well , meanwhile a 15 $ an hour minimum wage would be more than triple ours : /, 
  someone like sanders in europe would definitely be considered left of centre ; but still no radical like he is seen as in the us if i understand correctly . 
  most likely he 'd be either in the classic social democratic parties , or * maybe * he 'd be one of the more conservative members of the new far left anti establishment parties ( podemos , syriza and the like ) in fact , come to think of it , he is to podemos , pablo iglesias , bloco , tsipras , syriza and the like ; what trump is to le pen , farage and the new far right . 
  well , most people here do n't either :p in fact , i 'd say most countries tend to prefer us over america for the country, 
  to be fair , many people , especially latin americans do n't agree with america = the us . 
  tl ; dr : for the most part , we do n't . 
  in spain you start with pre-school . 
  then , when you are 6 years old ( or 5 but have a september-december birthday ; we use a december-january cutoff ) you enter primary school , which lasts from year 1 to year 6 .
