  the fence in gibraltar was completely closed from franco 's time until we entered the eu ( actually , opening it was one of the requirements to enter ), 
  to be fair , that 's exactly what 's happening here at the national level, 
  yeah , an independent scotland is n't that unresonable in europe to be fair . 
  ireland is n't that far off from scotland in terms of population and size . 
  not really , that 's the amount of turnout an average national election ( like the one we are having in 2 days ) gets here . 
  then again , voting on thursdays definitely hurts turnout . 
  hopefully if things go to shit we 'll parallel the 1910s here , staying neutral and the like ( though considering everything that came afterwards , that might not be a great idea ), 
  which is more than lots of eu countries though ( malta and luxenbourg come to mind ), 
  pretty much the same i said . 
  the wall just got 10 feet higher . 
  to be fair , there is quite a bit of nationalism in galicia . 
  the bng is still a thing after all . 
  iirc podemos has captured quite a bit of that nationalistic movement though ( just like in catalonia and the basque country , at least in national elections ) . 
  i 'd put galicia 's nationalism in sort of a `` second tier '' nationalism . 
  not as strong as catalonia or the basque country , but more on par with the likes of navarra or the canary islands . 
  supposedly the pp in galicia is very good at defending the galician identity and culture , unlike in catalonia or the basque country . 
  i guess there 's also the fact that 2 out of the 3 leaders the pp has had come from there ( fraga and rajoy ), 
  pretty much xd, 
  actually , the best of that was not almost everyone declaring independence ; but cartagena trying to become a part of the us : $ i wonder what would have happened had that actually happened, 
  i 'm guessing francoism never left spain would be a more accurate afirmation ? 
  i actually love imagining what would happen if madrid wanted to declare independence xd, 
  to be fair , most of russia 's insurrections are not because siberia and the far east feel neglected by moscow ( they are mostly uninhabited to begin with ) , but because of putin 's dictatorial style . 
  but still , lots of countries larger than the eu manage themselves just fine , like canada for example , or even the us . 
  to be fair , russia is waaaay bigger than the eu :p ( i guess you meant culturally and economically ), 
  not to mention most people vote as if it were a regular election , so they vote on national issues , instead of eu ones, 
  actually , did n't junker stand for election in a constituency too ? 
  ( most likely luxenbourg ) hell , i 'd say he has * almost * as much credibility as mariano rajoy has as our prime minister . 
  here prime minister candidates do n't even go to elections on their constituency , they follow the tradition of running as the number 1 candidates for madrid ( instead of pontevedra in rajoy 's case ), 
  to be fair , allowing scotland a referendum on independence , but being against regional assemblies sounds quite dumb to me . 
  hell , the `` autonomies will break the uk '' argument sounds an awful lot like those that argued the same during the second republic here . 
  yet now we have regional parliaments and the country is still intact ( for now at least ) . 
  for an even better example , germany 's regions also have large degrees of autonomy and regional parliaments , and germany is still in place , with no independence movements on sight , something the uk ca n't brag about ( neither can my country to be honest ), 
  when was that last time actually ? 
  i can only remember 2 : - independence war , we side with napoleon against the brits , napoleon betrays us and takes control of the entire country ( save for cadiz , defended by the uk ) , eventually we reconquer the entire country , at the cost of losing most of the american colonies ( only cuba , puerto rico and the philippines remained spanish ) - succession war : half the country ( castille ) goes with france , the other half with the uk and germany ( aragon ) . 
  eventually the french alliance wins , but in the process the brits get minorca ( reconquered like 50 years later ) and gibraltar ( still british ), 
  meh , both of them are worthless . 
  i guess ciudad real 's is a bit worse in that regard . 
  so apparently we are n't the only ones to build airports with no flights ? 
  soo , basically the italian version of podemos , except a bit less willing to compromise ? 
  iirc , we used to not allow anything or anyone through , under franco 's dictatorship . 
  even during the first years of democracy , gibraltar access was very restricted . 
  in fact , if i 'm not mistaken , one of our requirements to enter the eu was to fully open the gibraltar border, 
  b but it 's the number 4 party in forocoches : / ( the spanish 4chan , pretty much ), 
  actually , i find most stuff maduro says ( especially stuff about spain ) to be hilarious xd he has even claimed to be more popular than rivera ( partially true , but not in a good sense ) , and claimed he could have a shot at our elections in fact , he would make for a good comedian in my opinion . 
  iirc i said something like that to a venezuelan guy and they understandably do n't think that way , but from an outside view , he is hilarious . 
  oh my bad , so swizerland was indeed invaded by napoleon : / still , was n't that the last time ? 
  oh my bad , so swizerland was indeed invaded by napoleon : / still , was n't that the last time ? 
  most people are tired already , mostly because it 's always the same stuff being repeated over and over again . 
  most of the time it 's just politicians calling podemos bolivarian socialists and radical communists ; that 's it . 
  venezuela is being used as a weapon , and people are tired of that . 
  not many really . 
  when was the last time the swiss were attacked ? 
  they did n't do anything on either world war , and they were n't invaded by napoleon either if my memory is correct . 
  venezuela is everywhere on the news here . 
  hell , all our politicians are constantly talking about venezuela , and comparing podemos to them ( a comparison not fully unreasonable , but still pretty annoying after it 's been repeated so many times ) hell , even our former prime minister zapatero goes very often there , to try to fix the country . 
  still better than our other 2 still alive former prime ministers , which just went into a business they had benefited while in power . 
  as bad as zapatero was , he is the best former prime minister we 've ever had ( he sort of reminds me of jimmy carter , if i understood him correctly ), 
  / r/polandball, 
  * if looking for sun , beaches , etc * visit : the lesser known places for that : the costa brava ( northeastern catalonia ) , menorca , lanzarote , fuerteventura , etc avoid : the popular binge drinking coastal places along most of the mediterranean coast * if looking for nature * visit : pretty much all of the north ( galicia , asturias , cantabria and probably the basque country too ) . 
  avoid : most of castille ( very boring landscapes in my opinion , even though some places have their charm ) , especially castille-la mancha . 
  also probably andalusia , murcia and extremadura . 
  in general , if you are going to the canary islands , try going to the 5 smaller ones instead of just tenerife or gran canaria . 
  the nature there is amazing , and the beaches in lanzarote and fuerteventura too . 
  they are a quite boring to live on , but great for like 5 night vacations . 
  gran canaria and tenerife are n't bad though . 
  iirc , did n't rajoy or some other spanish or eu official say they would n't veto scotland 's entrance as long as it was n't unilaterally independent ? 
  what about a new currency pegged on the pound , the euro or both ? 
  the spanish civil war , the us civil war and lots of other civil wars say hi . 
  both of them were fought when the previous government was a democratic republic . 
  probably the english flag with a dragon in it . 
  that 'd actually look pretty awesome :d, 
  to be fair , he does make some good points , but equating the eu with the ussr seems kind of far fetched to me : / maybe some people from the 3 baltic states which were in both the eu and the ussr can correct me ? 
  but malta is an island and it is in schengen : /, 
  i believe it means they can make coins ( so yes , supposedly there are euro coins with the pope 's face ), 
  actually , trumps campaign slogan ( make america great again ) sort of reminds me of franco 's state motto : one , great and free ( una , grande y libre ) it 's even worse translated into spanish , which one minoritarian right wing party recycled for this june elections, 
  actually , to put that into perspective , you have a higher chance of winning a 3 +0 ticket on the euromillions lottery ( a price of between 7 and 17 $ ) than of being transgender, 
  supposedly yes , but i still have n't seen any . 
  at the moment i have 6 spanish coins and 2 german ones on my wallet . 
  one thing i 've noticed is that while it 's very easy to find foreign high value coins ( 10 cents and up ) , it 's very hard to find foreign copper coins . 
  also , i 've noticed that other than spanish coins , which are the most common here obviously , the next are german , french ( only 1 and 2 $ coins for some reason ) and italian ( only 1 $ coins ) ; with some irish and portuguese coins scattered ( guess this is because i live in a touristy area ) . 
  finally , 2 extra things : - if you ever need something that could pass for a euro coin , but is n't one , use a venezuelan bolivar coin . 
  very similar ( in fact , at a supermarket my father got one by accident xd ) and probably worthless seeing how venezuela is at the moment . 
  here 's a comparison with a euro coin : http://www.abc.es/media/201212/24/bolivar-euro--644x362.jpg -2 : the weirdest coin i have is a conmemorative 2 euro german coin , which looks like this : https://eurocoinland.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/2e282accc-comc3ban-2015.jpg absolutely love it . 
  mostly because there 's nowhere to go :p i live in gran canaria and there are barely any rides available ( like 2 people posting their job conmutes . 
  that 's it ) . 
  they are still cheaper than tye bus though . 
  wait , since when does castille of all people want independence ??? 
  ( though that 'd actually be pretty funny ), 
  do we actually oppose the eu ? 
  weird considering none of the parties currently represented in congress , or even close to being represented opposes it . 
  not even podemos ( which while not exactly blindly supportive , definitely does n't want us out of it ), 
  i can definitely say franco did n't start to open the economy a bit at least until 1959 . 
  we had free market indeed , but only inside the country . 
  we attempted to not import or export anything . 
  did n't really work . 
  even when we opened the economy we were still behind the rest of europe, 
  damn , not even sweden ? 
  most likely the pantoja ( which reciently been released out of jail for tax evading btw ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isabel_pantoja, 
  damn english prepositions :( but yeah , singing while you walk * on * the street, 
  actually , 700 $ is pretty much what the minumum monthly wage is : /,
