  anyways , with so low unemployment should n't salaries increase ? 
  if you offer a higher salary , you 'll get more workers . 
  well , they have an absolute majority : / if people wanted a tory government with its hands tied so it ca n't do what they want britain should have elected a minority tory government/hung parliament just like in 2010 . 
  then again , that 's a lot tougher to do in the uk than say , here . 
  why not hire greeks or spaniards ? 
  ( no visa required ) or is czech required for those jobs ? 
  ( probably i guess ), 
  yeah . 
  what we do here is that mps can only be prosecuted by the supreme court , no one else . 
  only the king is immune from prosecution , because reasons . 
  maybe the pm as well , not sure about him . 
  so , who is in third and why is n't he calling wilders and rutte cowards or something like that ? 
  bigger fan of [ this one ] ( https://i.imgur.com/5xkmpml.jpg ) tbh, 
   i think the positive aspect of brexit is that the uk were clearly the major eurosceptic party . 
  there are lots of other countries with sizable anti eu movements , including france , the netherlands , poland and hungary . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure only 1/4 or so of all countries are 100 % pro eu with no movements to leave ( hell , even in extremely pro eu countries like here in spain you still have a sizable amount of people who wants to renegotiate or make the eu weaker , even if it 's not outright killing it ), 
  yeah . 
  then again we did pass the eu constitution 82-18 back in 2005 ( albeit under abysmal turnout ) , so i would say that most people here are pro-eu after all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_european_constitution_referendum,_2005 the only anti eu party that is even close to relevant is the anarchist far left catalan independentist cup . 
  outside of that , the largest 100 % anti eu ( ie not just renegotiate , but actually leave ) party is the communist pcpe , with a whopping 0.11 % of the vote in 2016, 
  yeah . 
  just 12 years ago the european constitution was rejected in france and the netherlands and the entire world was in an economic boom . 
  who knows where people will be in 10 or 20 years ? 
  would n't countries in the 2nd tier be allowed to join at a later date if they so choose ? 
  here 's a map with the winner in each country : http://i.imgur.com/wuk4e2j.png interestingly , if europe used the us system ( winner takes all at the constituency level ) , the results would be ( 376 needed for a majority ) : 232 epp 134 s&d 64 alde 92 enf 11 g-efa 20 efdd 124 ecr 61 tie, 
  well , looking at the country by country results i can say spain 's result is n't all that good . 
  we should have a couple seats for g-efa due to nationalists ( ercand bildu at least ) , but they get 0 . 
  everything else seems ok to me though, 
  does this include the uk 's meps ? 
  also , where 's the data coming from ? 
  pretty sure there are no eu wide polls . 
  hell , we have n't seen eu election polling here anyways ( as expected as we are still 2 years away from the election ) . 
  not like i 'd expect it to be different , other than some nationalist coalitions happening . 
  also , looking at the poll numbers , there will be another `` grand coalition '' :( ( epp+s&d ), 
  would n't they join alde though ? 
  here podemos and ciudadanos were initially non inscrits since they were new , but they ended up joining gue-ngl and alde respectively , just as expected . 
  actually , i 'd say serbia is the 2nd likeliest country to eventually join the eu , after montenegro . 
  i can totally see serbia and montenegro joining together in like 2030 or so . 
  so , assuming it 's a proportional system an ano kdu top09 coalition is the most likely outcome ? 
  so , why is n't the pp conservative ? 
  yup , pp+psoe fell below 50 % of the popular vote for the first time since 1979 ( when the pp , then ap was a fringey party led by fraga ), 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/people%27s_party_ ( spain ) ideology : conservativism , europeism , liberal conservatism , christian democracy , economic liberalism if that 's not a conservative party , i do n't know what is . 
  because our current conservative government has totally `` made spain great again '' oh ... wait . 
  assiming the psoe picks susana d\u00edaz i could see them picking some extra voters from the psoe , but not that many ( errejon was the better candidate for that ) . 
  if the psoe picks sanchez or even lopez , they definitely are n't picking any extre voters from their right , and also probably not from their left , so they are stuck . 
  damn , and i thought german was bad enough already and it has a low number of cases xd reminder that i should never learn hungarian, 
  well , 3 % , pujol and all their corruption cases mostly . 
  i do n't have a problem with them being pro independence tbh ( iirc the pnv was like that in the 00s with ibarrexe and they are well considered ), 
  well , ciu as someone said is definitely not respectable . 
  neither is cc ( i live in the canary islands , they are terrible . 
  also they are to the left of the pp ; closer to cs ; at least in theory ) . 
  i guess upn is good though . 
  well , the far left ( podemos ) did get a sizable chunk of the vote last time ( 21 % , but they still only came in third ) . 
  they also do n't hold any governors whatsoever , although they do have several important mayors , like madrid , barcelona or zaragoza, 
  wait , which are the respectable right wing parties ? 
  xd i can only think of cs ( which centre-right or even centrist ) and the pnv ( which is a nationalist party anyways ) . 
  then again it 's not like our left is much better . 
  sure , but as you said , not populist like the ones rising right now ( and not particularly anti inmigration or anti eu either . 
  in fact the pp is very pro eu ) think of it as the uk conservatives instead of ukip ; the german cdu instead of the afd , etc, 
  how bad is northern ireland compared to ireland ireland ? 
  germany reunified ok ( with some difficulty ) and the gdr was much worse off than west germany . 
  i ca n't imagine northern ireland being worse than east germany was in 1991 . 
  and san marino iirc . 
  lyricless anthems ftw !, 
  yeah . 
  i do n't agree with people who want to leave the eu , but asking for your own country to be punished is n't really all that clever, 
  it 's going to be eu first !, 
  eu first !, 
  til latvians are real life [ potato-ists ] ( https://youtu.be/kajcmuzd1h0 ), 
  spain can not into food ? 
  so , never then ? 
  but soros created the eu ^ ^ / s, 
  kinda like how charles v was v only in germany but carlos i in spain ( though he is often referred to as carlos v for some reason ), 
  united kingdom of england , scotland and wales ? 
  ( and gibraltar , the falkland islands , jersey , guernsey and a lot of other islands ), 
  well , the gdr automatically joined the eu when it reunified . 
  ca n't see why it 'd be different for ni, 
  kinda reminds me of when we won the `` euroscola '' contest and we got to go ther for free :d we ended up spending a week between strasbourg ( only part included ) and brussels ( paid out of pocket because `` since we are here , why not ? '' ), 
  i found it boring when i first went ( year 9 , we were the smallest iirc ) , but now i wish i had payed more attention . 
  then again we got to feel like meps for a day . 
  y does n't count as a vowel though : /, 
  was n't moscow between both though ? 
  how did that one work out in the end ? 
  same happened for madrid , but no 2020 olympics : / i personally feel madrid should have kept applying every 4 years xd, 
  yeah , though i can actually see montenegro and serbia joining together , sort of like spain and portugal in 1986 or romania and bulgaria in 2007 . 
  then again i do n't see them joining until like the late 2030s or so and a lot can happen till then . 
  kind of reminds me of the 2 guys with the puppets in madrid , where people were commenting that they should n't go to jail because of `` praising terrorism '' , but that they should go to jail because their show was terrible xd, 
  to cut a long story short , because of francisco franco :(, 
  did n't germany and italy reunify before they had a german/italian identity ? 
  hell , here in spain a lot of people identify as catalonian/basque/galician / whatever first and spaniard second ; 5/17 regions have a nationalist government ( cantabria , canary islands , catalonia , basque country , navarra ) ; there are 5 nationalist parties in our congress with direct representation ( 2 catalan , 2 basque and 1 canarian ) plus like 5 more with deals with larger parties and we are still a country that is a lot more centralized than the eu will ever be ( we are a unitary country  .  ) not having a hugely strong identity is not that big of an issue, 
  yeah , the eu naming sucks . 
  i 'd personally just go simple and rename the eu commision `` eu government '' and the european council the `` eu senate '' . 
  the parliament can keep its name . 
  sudenly putin remembers there 's a huge russian minority in belarus and invades like ukraine 3 years ago, 
  assuming you are american , i guess the closest equivalents would be ( with a huge grain of salt , europe is more leftist than the us ) le pen : french donald trump fillon : french ted cruz macron : french hillary clinton ? / marco rubio ? 
  basically a centrist hamon : french bernie sanders melenchon : no us equivalent , but even more to the left than hamon ( he is supported by the french communist party iirc ), 
  yeah , i think only gran canaria and fuerteventura are inactive . 
  all others have had an eruption in the last 500 years or so iirc edit : also la gomera . 
  el hierro did have that underwater eruption , but the only land based one was in the late 1700s , and has n't been confirmed, 
  not sure about germany , but at least our far left is indeed neutral on russia .
