  rajoy was n't much better though , at 4.4 / 10, 
   over 50 percent of the voters prefer a great coalition over the so called red-red-green coalition . 
  is that voters in general or spd voters ? 
  because i could see the party leadership wanting a great coalition and the base wanting a leftist front, 
  so , basically like here ( or greece ) , except without the internal struggles ? 
  ok , let 's go down the list of eu prime ministers based on population : * merkel * hollande : he is literally in single digit approval ratings  .  * may : she is trying to leave the eu , so she ca n't be the leader of the eu * renzi : he is probably one of the very few good ones * rajoy : same as hollande , except he has slightly better approval ratings , but much worse corruption * andrej duda/beata sydlo ( poland ) : iirc poland is n't exactly the most eu frendly country at the moment . 
  plus , you really do n't hear about them as much , especially when compared to the first 3 or 4 ( though that might be related to where i live ? ), 
  yeah , out of the larger countries in the eu , merkel is probably the better pm . 
  the uk is trying to leave , so they are out of the question . 
  hollande and rajoy are both terrible and hated by the french/spanish . 
  i do n't know much about eastern europe , but iirc poland 's leadership is n't really friendly with the eu either . 
  maybe romania has an ok leader ? 
  renzi is really the only other good politician from a large eu country . 
  for all what 's worth , even though podemos is not pro-russian , they are pro-venezuela and pro-iran . 
  the second one is relevant as it 's one of russia 's allies in the region . 
  we do n't have any important genuinely pro-russian parties though, 
  well , apparently turkey has an age of consent of 18 . 
  would n't people under that be covered under paedophilia laws ? 
  yeah , but only for 2 months at most ( and even that can be overriden by an absolute majority ) they only have an absolute veto in constitutional reforms and in ** very ** specific territorial stuff ( i think it 's only to temporarily suspend a community 's home rule , never used to this date but discussed for catalonia right now because of their secession movement and the canary islands in the late 80s for not wanting to comply with eu rules iirc ), 
  there 's always canada i guess , if you can put up with the weather . 
  iirc they are very inmigrant friendly, 
  do n't you need another country 's citizenship for that ? 
  yeah , like someone in / r/politics said : pray so that there 's no 9/11 events under trump . 
  he 'll make bush look like a coward : /, 
  yeah . 
  even our failed 1981 coup managed to kidnap all mps ( including the prime minister ), 
  yeah , more like single digit iq, 
  not really , the spanish senate is useless and mostly elected ( 209/269 are elected ) and it is n't really seen like that, 
  yeah . 
  i made a poll for the eu parliament elections ( only europe-wide election ) . 
  the results were surprisingly pleasing , with almost a 7-way tie between all parties, 
  did you forget an / s ? 
  yeah , because those terrorist attacks are being done by romanians and slovaks : /, 
  yeah , because those terrorist attacks are being done by romanians and slovaks : /, 
  why did n't she try a minority government like ours though ? 
  damn , that actually makes a fourth merkel term sound like a good idea xd only other minimally enticing proposition is probably something like spd+g reens or spd+f ar left for the left , and both have their problems ( or a triple coalition ) on the right , seeing how a great coalition is a bad idea , could a cdu+g reens coalition succeed ? 
  yeah , because having 20 % unemployment like us and still shitty wages is much better : /, 
  do n't worry , if he wins his primary we might see a gender swapped version of the us election in 2017 d :, 
  what about other parties ? 
  ( like the spd , probably the only other ones with a chance ), 
  looking at gibraltar 's [ english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pffc9la_poc ) , it 's actually pretty weird xd, 
  wait , what does the house of lords have to do with this ? 
  would n't their vote only delay brexit for a year at most ? 
  greece wtf ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not how coalitions work, 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1274/ ), 
  tbh , the only us governors i know of are schwarzenegger ( for obvious reasons ) and pence ( for being trump 's vp ) i would not expect people to know the names of our regional presidents though ( hell , i only know like half of them or so . 
  pretty sure most spaniards ca n't name the president of say , la rioja ), 
  what about barcelona or hospitalet leaving catalonia and rejoining spain ? 
  well , they used to have spanair but it went bankrupt like 5 years ago or so, 
  for all what 's worth there are some in the canary islands ( a poor community ) who want independence regardless . 
  very few though , independence peaked at like 3 % of the vote in the late 70s ( though they somehow won the mayor of the largest city there , las palmas ), 
  tbh i often feel like spain is repeating the same mistakes than with 1890s cuba . 
  not like war is a realistic proposition . 
  about the last paragraph , galicia was n't trying to become independent in the mid 90s because the rest of the country kept electing gonz\u00e1lez . 
  why should catalonia become independent because it lost 2 elections ( really more like 1 considering in 2011 ciu would have supported rajoy and that 2015 does n't count ), 
  yeah , how countries rate their leaders also counts . 
  here a net -10 approval would mean an amazing pm while in the us it probably means a mediocre one at least . 
  for all what 's worth the largest spain-centric subreddit i 've seen is / r/podemos apparently they used reddit early on as a party tool and it stuck, 
  what about italy or spain who do use the euro ? 
  ( or all the other eurozone members ), 
  actually , spain 's highest point is the [ teide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/teide ) at 3718m . 
  it is located on the canary islands though . 
  3478m is indeed the tallest in the mainland ,, 
  you are now a moderator of / r/pyongyang, 
  fun fact : one of spain 's `` states '' ( balearic islands ) actually passed a law forcing that last week !, 
  apparently now you ca n't hurt the bull there . 
  not so fun fact : the central government has brought it against the constitutional court as it might be unconstitutional . 
  a full ban in catalonia was already overturned last year . 
  to be fair the catalan ban has been overturned and the government has brought a case against the balearic islands . 
  as for the canary islands there are some who believe it 's not banned since the law does n't explicitly mention bullfights . 
  that 's a minority opinion though , but supported by some . 
  also , no one has brought a case against it but i guess it might not stand if it went to court . 
  so no , it 's not really handled at the state-level even though i wish it was . 
  i do think individual municipalities can ban bullfights though . 
  well , 3 regions have attempted to ban bullfights in the past but the results have been far from promising : * the canary islands banned bullfighting in 1991 , but bullfighting never really took off there , being just an attraction for tourists . 
  the last happened in 1983 . 
  also the law does not explicitly ban bullfights so according to some ( like the former governor who signed the law ) they are still legal , but according to others ( the regional mp who wrote the law or the current ruling party in the islands ) they are illegal * catalonia banned bullfights in 2010 and unlike the canary islands this was an explicit ban . 
  however the ban got overturned last year . 
  no bullfights have happened , but it 's theoretically legal * the balearic islands banned any bullfights hurting the bulls ( ie you ca n't stab it now ) last week . 
  the government has already brought a case to the constitutional court , so it 's unclear if it will stand . 
  so it seems like the only way is a national ban but as long as conservatives are in charge it will probably not happen . 
   in north of france , we still have cock fighting ( not the porn thing !, 
  ) , because of tradition to be fair 2 spanish regions have this as well ( andaluc\u00eda in the south and the canary islands , which oddly enough have banned bullfights but not cock fights ), 
  well , one by one . 
  the afd is a disaster i agree . 
  they 'll be lucky if they get double digits . 
  as for germany 's neighbours i also mostly agree , with some caveats . 
  the czech republic has a centre-left government and while it will probably move to the right it will probably elect a moderate conservative not an alt right guy . 
  austria 's fpo has gone down in the polling reciently , they might come in third . 
  france has moved to the right but le pen underperformed . 
  if macron fails i could see her winning but it will depend on the specifics of the campaign . 
  2022 is very far anyways . 
  belgium is definitely not having a significant alt right party and neither is luxembourg . 
  and wilders also underperformed in the netherlands coming behind his 2010 result . 
  i 'll also give you sweden . 
  well , they have the word socialist on their name you know ? 
  jos\u00e9 mota is starting to become the spanish version of `` relevant xkcd '', 
   the prime minister of spain on wednesday testified as a witness at the country 's national court in an ongoing corruption trial over his party 's funding and denied any wrongdoing . 
   mariano rajoy said he had never received any secret bonuses nor had any knowledge of a slush fund that was allegedly used to finance the electoral campaigns of the ruling right-wing popular party , as well as to pay cash-in-hand bonuses and bribes and to renovate the party 's madrid headquarters .
