  thanks obama : /, 
  i though it was to cover the 2004/2007 expansions as well ? 
  do n't forget the blackjack and hookers, 
  on the flip side , had franco entered the war we would have become a democracy by the late 1940s as opposed to the late 1970s, 
  to be fair , most parties are federalist , they just do n't make it a huge part of their platform . 
  for example , here the only eurosceptic major party is podemos , and even they would never campaign to leave the eu , they just think it 's too capitalist , elitist and stuff and want to change it to a more social europe . 
  the only party openly opposed to the eu with some kind of meaningful representation is the very far left catalan independentist anti capitalist cup , which has like 12/135 seats in catalonia 's regional assembly and supports the regional government on confidence votes , important issues and the like to find a truly anti eu national party ( the cup does not contest national elections ) you have to go all the way down to the communist party of the people of spain , which got a whopping 26 500 votes ( 0,11 % ), 
  wait , why ca n't we just keep the instrumental ( ie no lyrics ) ? 
  that would be neutral enough would n't it ? 
  plus , the eu would be unique and join the special club of lyric-less anthems , alongside kosovo , bosnia and herzegovina , san marino and us ( spain ) :d, 
  damn , there 's always a relevant xkcd for everything xd, 
  it 's 3 minutes to ~ ~ midnight ~ ~ turkey becoming a dictatorship, 
  damn , even north korea bothers having multiple parties even if they are essencially the same  .  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_korean_parliamentary_election,_2014, 
  is it able to carry people as well ? 
  or is it cargo only ? 
  for all what 's worth , franco 's education law ( the one with the egb ) is considered to be one of the best , with the logse beginning the dumbing down of students . 
  most people who studied the egb and bup say that they were much better than what came afterwards and that kids today are dumber , and having studied with bup books from my parents when i was in the eso i agree . 
  yeah , for an example of this , just look at my brother . 
  he started ( like i did ) with the logse . 
  then , by the timehe was in like year 3 he switched to the loe , and finally now he has to do the lomce  .  3 different educations systems in 16 years !, 
  tbh , using japanese commercials is pretty much cheating xd, 
  nope , it 's 100 % official, 
  should have been blas de lezo ( a spanish forum tried naming it like that , jokingly saying he was a great sailor and made great contributions to the british undersea researc xd ) , but they banned that name for finding it offensive  .  still better than boaty mcboatface, 
  does n't that mean the house of lords can stall any bill permanently just by adding nonsensical ammendments though ? 
  dep psoe ( 1879-2016 ) siempre se absten\u00eda :( time to rebrand themselves as the partido del sur-oeste espa\u00f1ol ( party of the spanish southwest, 
  wait , half of our former prime minsters went to work at electric companies and helped them when they were in office and we are only ~ ~ 6th ~ ~ 7th ? 
  ( apperently i do n't know how to count xd ) wtf !? 
  come on gonzalez and aznar !, 
  it 's like you are n't even trying !, 
  well , rd congo has democratic in it 's name . 
  maybe they 'll help ^ / s, 
  wait , who else is pro legalization ? 
  i think cs is , but i thought that 's it ? 
  i am personally in favour of legalization ( and the subsequent taxation ) though . 
  it will probably help a bit with our finances , reduce crime rates and stuff . 
  damn , that makes me kind of proud that like half of our `` most wanted '' are former eta members xd http://www.guardiacivil.es/es/colaboracion/buscados/index.html even most of the non spanish vary wildly in nationality ( there are italians , russians and moroccans ), 
  actually , referendums are literally the closest we get to a true democracy . 
  of course , people are n't always informed enough to make the roght decision , but there are still tons of places where referendums are very common and they are fine , like switzerland and like half of all us states, 
  so , just like us ? 
  ( or the uk for that matter ) king/queen/eu leaders elect candidate . 
  candidate is confirmed by house of commons/congress of deputies/eu parliament . 
  then the candidate elects his ministers/commisioners . 
  wait , if it 's a mixed agreement is n't it only necessary for it to be ratified by only 60 % of the states representing 60 % of the population or something like that instead of unanimity ? 
  well , anyways , reading your comment more closely , the closest thing i can find is oddly enough the psoe or ciudadanos . 
  they both oppose catalan independence ( ciudadanos much more strongly though ) and the psoe is centre-left ( though the more centrist faction has won their recient leadership struggle ) and cs is centre-right . 
  actually , we 've already had tons of minority governments ( albeit much closer to a majority and with the support of nationalists ) adolfo suarez/calvo sotelo ( 1977-1982 ) and zapatero ( 2004-2011 ) for example never got an absolute majority . 
  similarly , both felipe gonzalez and aznar both had one term with a minority government ( 1993-1996 and 1996-2000 respectively ), 
  for all what 's worth suarez almost lost one back in 1980, 
   for some reason recently some tv shows for toddlers ( mainly cartoons ) are not dubbed in spain , they are in english . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  maybe a political thing , they want children to learn english wait , really ? 
  i 've never seen something like that ( i 'll admit i have n't watched toddler stuff since i was one myself , but even when i 'm quickly passing channels i 've never seen stuff in english + subs , though the option is always there if you want it ), 
   who should one support in spain if you oppose refugees and russia ? 
  no one . 
  no major party is agsinst refugees , and i do n't know of any party with ties to russia xd ( closest thing is podemos and their ties to venezuela ), 
   i 'm starting to think you 're gabriel rufi\u00e1n . 
  nah , he would post in forocoches instead xd, 
  i think [ el jueves ] ( http://thumbnails1.pressdisplay.com/pressdisplay/docserver/getimage.aspx?regionguid=c319210b-1b11-4714-9fc0-ec46d24e5ed0&amp;file=37432016100500000000001001&amp;regionkey=x0qqylyj1j4unaejzw1sfq%3d%3d ) summed it up perfectly xd, 
  well , there 's always the option of a non confidence vote , but that 's even more unlikely . 
  only possibility i see is something like this : 1 : a leftist candidate wins the psoe primaries . 
  2 : after 1 or 2 more years of the same cuts and bad laws , psoe and podemos reach a deal 3 : on a date close to some election in catalonia , the psoe and podemos put a no confidence vote , and pressure erc into supporting it , calling them hypocrites if they do n't support it and saying that they prefer a right wing government and stuff ( which will cause them to lose votes ) 4 : a psoe+p odemos coalition government is put in place all steps here are unlikely though . 
  an alternative is for rajoy 's government to be an absolute disaster ( even more than the last ) and new elections being called ( either by an everyone against the pp no confidence vote or rajoy surrendering ), 
  tbh , even a psoe+p odemos coalition would have fallen short as well . 
  they also needed the support of catalan independentists , which the psoe did n't want, 
  tbh , i feel like we should habe some sort of runoff between the 2 parties with the most votes to decide who becomes president ( kind of like france ) that would have meant a sanchez/rajoy duel in early july or early january , which sanchez would have probably won narrowly . 
  of course his ability to govern would have been severely impaired but at least we would have had a government easily . 
  no , normally when a series or movie is already in spanish ( albeit from the other side of the pond ) it 's not redubbed . 
  then again , we barely have any latin american movies or series over here , mostly novelas are the ones that come here ( so a reason as for why we have difficulties taking the latin american dubs seriously is because we feel they put too much emotion to it , and it feels line a novela . 
  conversely latin americans think we put too little emotion and that we dub like robots xd ), 
  well , most spanish people think the same but in reverse xd we just ca n't take the heavy latin american accent seriously . 
  also , oddly enough you complained about the `` better '' spain dubs ( the simpsons is usually considered to be great ) . 
  the dragon ball one is the one that is considered abysmal , to the point where no one ( not even the spanish ) really likes it . 
  wait , why ca n't we just ally with the us , with which we add up to roughly the same population ( or not even that , the eu alone has a larger economy than china ) and pay back with the same coin ? 
  no investments from china in europe until europe can invest in the same conditions in china . 
  why would that be a bad idea ? 
   what beats me is why a racist and nationalist wants to live among foreigners he is probably there because of the weather , not unlike the brits who go live in the mediterranean xd, 
  well , here are 2 fun facts about spanish dubs : 1 : latin america and spain actually use a different set of dubs , since they ( we ) dislike each others dubbing a lot !, 
  here are some comparisons for example for [ the simpsons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7syeudzwim ) , or [ dragon ball z ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-nbsjqjq0c ) or [ deadpool ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d0skiyrais ) . 
  this leads to annoying or hilarious discussions in youtube 's comment sections , basically saying your dub is worse than ours !, 
  2 : we do n't just get dubs in spanish , but actually there are often dubs in catalan , basque and galician !, 
  ( the better known ones are for kids ' stuff , but they also happen for movies and tv shows ) . 
  here 's for example [ star wars episode vii 's trailer in catalan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncmz3ivj1xc ) i think we are the place where dubbing is the most used xd, 
  so , it 's technically possible for hollande have a negative amount of supporters ? 
  well , that 's what the us do . 
  of course , that means that there 's a higher possibility of something like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election,_2000 ) happening , but good luck telling luxenbourg that they 'll only have 0.1 % of all votes in elections instead of their current 1 % hell , my own country gives more representation per capita to sparsely populated provinces like soria or teruel than to madrid or barcelona !, 
  well , you could weigh the results according to eu parliament representation , where germany has 96/751 seats, 
  most likely national parties would endorse a candidate anyways . 
  so , either keep the current system ( eu commision is chosen by the elected parliament ) or voting for a eu president directly ? 
  yeah , i personally would love to vote for one . 
  i think presidential systems are better than parliamentary ones in most situations . 
  plus , it would remove the eu = unelected bureaucrats stigma, 
  well , spain has had gay marriage since 2005 , but i 'm not sure if those marriages would have been recognized by gibraltar or if they would have had to move to spain for the marriage to have legal meaning, 
  ca n't talk for europe , but at least here it 's because franco pushed for appartments over detatched houses back when population grew in the 60s iirc we have the highest rate of elevators per capita, 
  yeah , and it actually gives a ton of free publicity from people saying : `` it 's 6 o'clock ; 5 o'clock in the canary islands '' in fact our regional government is opposed to any changes that would make us have the same schedule as the peninsula, 
  well , the balearic islands have passed a petition to ditch daylight savint time ... partially . 
  basically they want us to be in daylight saving time all year long , meaning that for 6 months a coru\u00f1a , spain , would have the same time as athens , greece xd, 
  yeah , here the regular lunch and dinner times are insanely late for european standards xd ( 14-15 and 21 respectively ), 
  meanwhile , here in spain the balearic islands want to get the hour 1 hour further ** ahead ** , to use greece 's timezone to have more sun during the evening  . , 
  tbh , could n't they already get married in nearby spain ?
