  plus , justice is ridiculously slow . 
  they are still judging corruption cases from several years ago, 
  yeah , i remember when we talked about him in history class and he basically came off as a nazi-like figure . 
  here in spain it would probably be like that as well , were it not for the fact that the guy who succeeded napoleon 's invasion ( fernando vii ) was a lot worse . 
  napoleon was actually more advanced than the spanish at the time !, 
  although the cortes of cadiz were also really good , it 's just that when he came he basically turned spain into an absolute monarchy again and lost almost all american colonies, 
  best liked : latin americans . 
  most disliked : do gypsies count ? 
  if not i guess either moroccans or black africans . 
   on the other hand , moroccan , romanian , or black african immigrants are well regarded . 
  wait , really ? 
  i get romanians more or less ( excluding the gypsies ) , but i 'm pretty sure moroccans or africans are n't * that * well regarded . 
  i 'd say the best regarded are latin americans . 
  well , why not just go full presidential like the us and get rid of the pm ? 
  or the reverse , just give the president 's powers to the pm ? 
   so really , why have a monarch when one can have an elected head of state ? 
  to be fair , many european presidents ( including germany 's ) are unelected . 
  to be honest i would n't expect the king to speak basque ( or galician or catalan ) . 
  just making the effort was enough i guess , though i guess he sounded like [ ana botella in english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crobfg3i-q4 ) but with basque . 
  also , [ here 's aznar talking in catalan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m95bzokdps ) , which he claims to speak but only in private xd, 
  head of state ? 
  [ he speaks really good english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dro5ikp5gck ) pm ? 
  not so much, 
  great , and we should use more . 
  unfortunately our plants are old because of a moratorium on new plants that went into effect in the early 80s , which has still not been repealed . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's too late to make the switch to nuclear already or if it 's still a worthwhile investment, 
  what about `` pavos '' ? 
  i hear that a lot, 
  well , we normally call them `` pavos '' ( turkeys ) over here when using slang . 
  no idea why though, 
  no , my region of spain has an almost negligible gypsy population for some reason ( like 10 000 in a place with 2 million people ) . 
  but i do n't think they are like that lol, 
  basically the southern half of the country , particularly andaluc\u00eda and extremadura . 
   and `` great spain '' [ relevant ] ( http://e04-elmundo.uecdn.es/assets/multimedia/imagenes/2016/06/02/14648666935865.jpg ) . 
  for all what 's worth there are some regional greater x movements , like the greater basque country ( basque country + navarra + french basque country ) or greater catalonia ( catalonia + valencia + balearic islands + french catalonia ) . 
  the largest social issue seems to be catalonia 's independence challenge . 
  then there 's also unemployment , which is thankfully going down , but new jobs have very low salaries and bad working conditions . 
  i mean , ideally , you 'd have both a `` house '' ( where 1 person = 1 vote ) and a `` senate '' ( where 1 country = x senators ) , both with equal powers , just like the us . 
  the current eu parliament is an ok compromise , where it 's proportional , but only partially ( so small countries are overrepresented but large ones still have more meps ) . 
  however if the eu wants to get more powers it should be made more democratic and reformed . 
  to be fair , considering the migrant crisis , 2014-2016 were probably not a good time for romania or bulgaria to enter schengen , and i 'm not sure if they could have entered before ( 2011 feels too early , i do n't think freedom of movement applied there just yet ) . 
  i would be in favour of both entering now ( or at least by the end of 2017 ) though . 
  no , but each country usually has its own real state app . 
  here in spain it 's www.idealista.com, 
  madrid definitely has the smug stereotype at a european level it has to be france, 
  even if parents are qualified to teach i 'd still outlaw it because of the socialization issue . 
  also , even if parents are qualified to teach they normally are n't qualified to teach all subjects unless they are primary school teachers, 
  not really . 
  i do n't completely approve of the government not taking a harder stance on erdogan , but i can see why . 
  turkey is quite far from spain and there is n't really a big turkish community here so the best choice is to just forget about it . 
  as for trump , well , as of now we are led by probably the most `` pro-america '' party we have . 
  they even invaded irak , siding with bush over the eu . 
  i do approve of their stance here though ; the us are still a valuable ally even if they are led by a moron . 
  in 4 or 8 years the problem will probably be solved . 
  for all what 's worth though the opposition * is * taking a harder line on trump , but not by much . 
  it 's not very popular in spain as a whole ( does n't make the top 100 ) , but it * is * somewhat popular in my region ( in the top 25 ), 
  more or less the same here . 
  my surname is somewhat common in my region ( appearing in the top 25 ) , but not very popular elsewhere ( not even in the top 100 ) . 
  did n't spain have a heroin epidemic in the 80s ? 
  no , but for all what 's worth spain did see a heroin epidemic ( which i think is an opioid ) in the 80s . 
  no and no respectively . 
  most spanish emigrants traditionally went to latin america , not the us or canada . 
  so it 's rare to have an american family member , but not uncommon to have family in say , argentina or any other latin american country . 
  for all what 's worth the canary islands do use exclusively `` ustedes '' just like latin america . 
  but the canarian accent is probably one of the most distinct alongside the andalusian one . 
  it also has some heavy latin american influences so that probably explains it . 
   nor do spanish parties apart from podemos what about psoe ? 
  they also defend a federal country and a plurinational state . 
  i 've also heard some people in pdecat are n't happy with the independentist move , but probably a minority in the party and considering how uni\u00f3 failed last time i do n't think they 'd do any better . 
  and why do independentists reject a federal spain ? 
  does n't scotland already have devolution ? 
  sure !, 
  i 'm actually in favour of the plurinational stuff and defend a federal state where all states are equal . 
  well , i do n't know about the `` destroyer of culture '' argument . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i 'll give you inmigration but on their defense i 'll say they are far more moderate than say , le pen in france ( in fact pp might as well be a far left party compared to the anti-inmigration movements in the rest of europe ) . 
  not a great defense i 'll admit , but there * are * people opposed to inmigration in spain . 
  i have n't seen rajoy very opposed to lgbt people . 
  gay marriage was passed in 2005 , it 's a non-issue now . 
  as for womens rights , the controversial `` gender violence law '' was passed unanimously . 
  yeah , i get along very well with my friends even if their political opinions are different . 
  politics does divide us a bit but not too much in my opinion ; we normally laugh it off later . 
  it does help that i 'm more of a moderate though . 
  so i have friends who are both to my left and to my right . 
  in more general terms i guess in places like catalonia it can get rougher with the independence debate and all , but here it 's more or less ok . 
  but why ? 
  not all pp voters are `` spanish nationalists '' ( whatever that means ) . 
  in fact most are normal people . 
  same with cs ( although i get why they are hated in the basque country but still ) . 
  they are just unionist parties , what do you expect ? 
   but it is infuriating there is still people in prison because they were `` communist '' citation needed . 
  iirc one of the first things su\u00e1rez did was granting amnesty for all political prisioners , and later legalized the pce . 
  well , then why do n't those things apply to spain as well ? 
  to be fair if this sub had state flairs half of them would look the same ( ie shield over blue background ), 
  then again we 've never had any important politician who was not either catholic or non-religious . 
  iirc psoe had a black guy who might have become minister had they won the election , but even that does n't prove anything ( he might have been christian or non religious ) . 
  yes it is legal , with the minor exception that if the quad ca n't go over 60 km/h , you ca n't drive it on highways . 
  as for how it 's viewed , most do n't care . 
  maybe slightly annoying as they are slower than a regular car , but not by much . 
   do n't need a navy .
