  they 've been trying to destroy themselves for centuries and they still have n't succeeded . 
  the day they stop they will become a world power again . 
  recep tayip erdogan ( i think that 's how you spell it ), 
  that reminds me a lot of our fight between the cnt ( national confederation of work / confederaci\u00f3n nacional del trabajo ) and the ugt ( general workers union / union general de trabajadores ) , during the first third or so of the 20th century . 
  the cnt was the anarchist union , and never really entered politics ( except for a short while during the civil war ) and was more radical . 
  the ugt was the socialist union , and they did make politics a way to push for their ideals . 
  the ugt and cnt did n't work together that much ( the one general strike they coordinated , in 1917 , was actually a pretty important one ) . 
  by the time the civil war ended and after franco 's rule though , the cnt had become pretty minoritary ( i think they currently have like 7 % of unionized workers ) . 
  currently the 2 mainn ones are the ugt , which is n't linked to the psoe anymore , and ccoo ( workers commisions / comisiones obreras ) , also formerly linked to the communist party . 
  the cnt still has the anarchist vibe though , and they refuse to accept any kind of government grants . 
   our surname system . 
  a woman 's surname always gives out her marital status because the ending is different when one is married vs. not married . 
  so if she does n't change the surname after marriage , it 's not like a stranger could say it 's 50:50 whether she 's married or not , a stranger would more likely guess unmarried because the ending of the surname gives it out . 
  oh and the shaming for not changing the surname is real too , and sexism disadvantaging both genders in general is at every corner from the moment you 're born reading about surname systems all around the world makes me proud of ours ( and latin america 's i guess ) somehow xd . 
  apparently we have a barely sexist system . 
  first of all , women never change their surnames when they get married . 
  the only real change is that you call them se\u00f1ora instead of se\u00f1orita ( kind of like mrs and ms in english , or if i remember the few french i know correctly , madame and madmoiselle ) . 
  then , here everyone gets 2 surnames . 
  the first is your father 's first surname , the second is your mother 's first surname . 
  so both parents ' surnames are transmitted to their children . 
  the only trace of sexism is that only the first surname is transmitted , so the mother 's surname wo n't be transmitted to her grandchildren . 
  obviously now you can swap the surnames order , but not many do that . 
  it 's not uncommon for single mothers ( or fathers ) adopting children though . 
  well , for us it 's probably a mix of self hate , but defending ourselves from foreign criticism a quote usually attributed to otto von bismarck is :  spain is the strongest country in the world . 
  they have tried to destroy themselves for centuries and they still have not suceeded . 
  the day they stop they will become a world power again on the flip side , here 's a dialog between a german general the spanish general in charge of the blue division during ww2 :  german general : how many degrees of coldness can a spaniard endure ? 
   spanish general : all of them, 
  iirc the netherlands and spain are usually considered among the most gay friendly european countries . 
  they were the first and third to legalize gay marriage respectively after all . 
  so i guess , if you want to learn a foreign language and are semi-confident in your spanish , spain . 
  if you are n't really confident in your spanish ( or do n't know it at all ) , the netherlands . 
  they probably have more english language courses than spain . 
  well , we 've got the p-lib ( libertarian party ) . 
  they are very fringe though , and they only got 3000 votes on the last election ( 0.01 % ) . 
  to get to a libertarian-ish party that is not fringe , i guess ciudadanos * can * sort of fit ( 13 % of the vote ) , but they are n't really libertarian . 
  more like centrist , with very very subtle hints of libertarianism . 
  our turnout is lower for other elections though . 
  the last regional elections ( 2015 ) had a turnout of 65 % , and the last for the european parliament had 44 % turnout, 
  very similar to the us , except much colder and actually done right . 
  also , quebec speaks french and they want to secede like catalonia, 
  general elections : 70-75 % regional elections : around 60 % european parliament elections : around 45 %, 
   sugar appears in the bbc tv series the apprentice , which has been broadcast annually since 2005 and is based upon the popular us television show of the same name , featuring the american businessman and president elect donald trump please , not another business man tv presenter as political leader xd, 
  to be fair , while our next election is in 2019 ( at the latest , there 's always the possibility of a snap election ) , 2 out of the 4 main parties are going to run primaries for the head of their parties . 
  one is n't all that competitive ( podemos will likely reelect its leader , but not without some dissent ) while the other ( in the psoe ) is very competitive . 
  no public voting though , only party members ( i guess to an extent podemos has open primaries , but that 's because being a member only requires you to register on their website ), 
  pretty nice as a parody of / r/the _ donald it almost makes me wish we had an / r/the _ rajoy , / r/the _ sanchez ( #voteforpedro xd ) or / r/the _ iglesias xd ( though for the last one there 's r/podemos , but that one is serious , unlike t_d or t_s ), 
  holland instead of the netherlands : very common , more common than the netherlands even ( there is no equivalent of `` dutch '' in spanish for example ; we refer to them as `` holandeses '' ) england instead of uk : not all that common , but still not fully rare yankees instead of americans : somewhat common , but it has a fairly strong negative connotation , not unlike gringos ( which is also used here , but rarely ) . 
  `` americanos '' is quite common but `` estadounidenses '' is really the best term . 
  currently a centrist country with an slight right wing lean . 
  we currently have a wery weak pp ( right wing ) minority government , with 137/350 seats, 
  gets partitioned like poland back on the day, 
  we 'd pick france ( sorry portugal ) . 
  no idea , but it would n't surprise me at all . 
  nope , canary islands , but yeah , barcelona probably has the nicest weather in the spanish mainland ( either that or valencia ), 
  for those who do n't know , alonso 's wax figure in madrid basically became a meme because of how bad it is . 
  here are some examples : * rambo : http://diestroysiniestro.lacalidad.es/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/alon2.jpg * ecce homo : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/a2ln7occqaapis_.jpg * the burger king mascot : http://i45.tinypic.com/iv9yxk.jpg * the pope : http://oi50.tinypic.com/oayjbs.jpg, 
  to be fair , i 'd say it 's likelier for belarus to become part of russia than it is for it to enter the eu . 
  other than that , yeah , the green part is a reasonable maximum eu size . 
  i 'd also add fernando vii 's reign as well . 
  thanks to that guy we have been playing catch-up with the rest of europe for the last 200 years , and even today we have n't caught up completely !, 
  not really , at least here in spain . 
  the righ wing ( ciudadanos and pp ) is seen as less politically correct than the left ( psoe and podemos ) , but they are all mostly politically correct . 
  there 's no trump-ish anti-sjw movement here, 
  no way . 
  i personally feel like we have one of the best climates , and i personally live in the city with the best climate in the world according to many !, 
  i would probably think differently if i lived in say , the basque country or something like that ( i hate the cold weather , but i appreciate how it makes the landscape much greener instead of the usual brown except inmediately after it rains over here ) . 
  oh , for bars xd then we rarely bother sneaking something , we just buy stuff there ( or do botellon outside , then enter ), 
  do n't forget about * se\u00f1o !, 
  normally with their first name . 
  it would sound very weird to use se\u00f1or / se\u00f1ora / se\u00f1orita x for example . 
  maybe you can use usted , but even that can sound weird sometimes, 
  maybe , but we are also broke college friends and we rarely drink that xd the average drink seems to be rum ( arehucas ) + cocacola . 
  if we feel like poisoning ourselves but save money , we 'll switch to the cheapest vodka we can find + off brand lemon soft drink, 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.abc.es/economia/abci-ciudad-espanola-mas-barato-alquiler-piso-201603211648_noticia.html ) article , apparently alicante province , on southeastern spain . 
  you can apparently get a 100 m ^ 2 house for less than 200 euros/month . 
  here 's for example a 80 m ^ 2 flat with 3 bedrooms for 250 $ in alcoy ( rural alicante , located 60km away from alicante proper , benidorm and gand\u00eda ) : https://www.idealista.com/inmueble/2004706/ in general , the cheapest houses are located in the more shady suburbs of a city . 
  i also think that rural spain is generally cheaper than the larger cities ( madrid and barcelona are pretty expensive ) , but i 'm not sure how true that is . 
  to be fair , i 'd say that 's rare ( i 've only ever drank it once ) . 
  it normally seems to be rum + coke ; with vodka + soft drink ( normally lemon fanta ) as the runner up . 
  for shots i 'd say tequila is the most common one, 
  come on , not even a fringe one with like 0,01 % of the vote ? 
  i was able to find one , but it was obviously ultra fringe . 
  ok , getting out that points 1 and 2 kind of contradict themselves , that no one would touch point 3 , that point 4 is a nice idea but too vague , the closest thing i can find is the ultra fringe sain party : they basically advocate for a party of helping inmigrants , ending hunger and the like , while also being very catholic and defending the church a lot ( too much almost ) , which i guess is the closest thing you can get to conciliating points 1 and 2 . 
  they also adress point 4 nicely . 
  they also got 3000 votes on the last election ( 0,01 % ) . 
  here 's their website : www.partidosain.es as for point 3 , closest thing is the classic communist party of the people of spain . 
  they still do n't want to declare war on the us , but still hate them , calling them imperialists and the like ( classic far left rethoric ) www.pcpe.es they are also a bit more sucessful , at 0.11 % of the vote ( 26.5 k votes ), 
  better yet , switch to 1 venezuelan bol\u00edvar coins : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/69/1_bolivar_2007_bsf.jpg they are worth between 10 cents and 0,000225 $ depending on the exchange rate , but they can double as a fake 1 $ coin, 
  hopefully we 'll have better relations with trump than we had during 2004-2008 with george w bush : / hell , the situation was apparently so bad that it was a campaign issue when obama was first elected !, 
  5 ' 11 '' ( 180 cm ) is over the average height for males in almost all countries ( maybe the netherlands are taller ? ), 
  the average height here is 1.61 m ( 5 ' 3 '' ) for women and 1.76 m ( 5 ' 9 '' ) for men i am personally in the middle , at 168 cm ( 5 ' 6 '' ) , so i 'm basically on the short side for men . 
  i do n't really care though , i 've never felt overly short tbh . 
  plain short ? 
  sure , but i 'm fine with my height . 
  only disadvantage is that my younger brother is taller than i am : /, 
  i guess teachers , but that 's pretty much it . 
  they also get lots of vacations , but on the flip side their job can be stressing and have to do lots of stuff at home . 
  yeah . 
  is n't eastern europe roughly on par with portugal nowadays ? 
  should have answered yes tbh,
