  yeah , i think here in spain it varies from community to community and even from town to town . 
  sure . 
  but the government should overlook what preachers do . 
  have a government official ( or just a policeman ) go revise mosques incognito . 
  if they are radical , close them . 
  the solution might be easy actually !, 
  make imams and preachers civil servants , who must be educated by the state ( give them some leeway , but forbid any preachers who have not studied in the country with a curriculum approved by the state ) kind of orwellian , but if you do n't like it just do n't do religious stuff ( not necesarily become atheist , just do it at home ), 
  often , the truth just lies in the middle of the 2 exteme claims, 
  i think calvo sotelo did speak several languages ? 
  alternatively i think gonz\u00e1lez spoke french, 
  to be fair ibiza 's problem is that it is an island so you have to live in ibiza . 
  ( you ca n't live in mallorca and work in ibiza ) then again none of the 7 canary islands or mallorca or minorca have that problem : /, 
  damn , that makes that huffington post model that gave trump a 2 % chance seem conservative !, 
  same , got rutte . 
  i 'm left wing though : /, 
  20 years ago we had a right wing pm , what are you talking about ? 
  well , epp has orban . 
  not sure if that would be better . 
  yeah , as i said in another comment , local parties can be hit or miss . 
  there 's still alde ; epp and greens for pro eu parties, 
  well , that 's weird considering spain legalized abortions in 2010 !, 
  ( though since 1985 the law had some big loopholes ), 
  to be fair other than maybe the north ( galicia ) and the south ( huelva ) the border is also empty on the spanish side with the only exception of badajoz ( semi-large town right in the border ), 
  he is basically a mainstream republican . 
  just the us kind of republican . 
  to be fair depending on your local party the european one is very hit and miss . 
  our eul/ngl representative is podemos which i guess is better than that but still bad in other ways . 
  similarly , merkel and orban are radically different and yet they belong to the same eu party ( epp ), 
  to be fair you could get foreign politicians if slovak parties wanted to include them . 
  i could stand as a candidate in slovakia ( or you in spain ) if local parties wanted . 
  imo we should just start voting for the pan-european parties instead of the national ones ( so in our case s&d instead of psoe or alde instead of cs . 
  no idea about slovak parties but same idea ) . 
  not a huge fix but a needed step in the right direction, 
   usually the larger cities have a significantly higher shate of well educated young liberals that tend to vote against nationalist and conservative directions in 2016 madrid ( largest city in spain ) and valencia ( 3rd largest city ) voted for the conservative pp . 
  in fact they 've been pp strongholds since the early 90s . 
  barcelona * is * left wing but that 's about it . 
  seville also voted for pp but rural and suburban areas around it voted for the centre-left psoe !, 
  zaragoza also voted for pp iirc interestingly they all have left wing mayors but prior to 2015 they all had conservative ones . 
  ca n't parliament go ahead with the no confidence vote , firing the government and not passing the law , then put the same government in charge as long as they refuse to reintroduce the law ? 
  ( keep firing them and reappointing them if necessary ) . 
  i 'm used to it . 
  would wish we appeared but even when we do the data is kinda hard to see . 
  but i get why we do n't appear . 
  you have to go out of your way for us to appeat, 
  i guess the welsh nationalists are too radical as you say . 
  nationalists here ( canary islands , but applicable everywhere outside of catalonia and the basque country ) are pretty sane , not wanting independence at all , just more money and investment in the region . 
  maybe if the welsh votes in droves for nationalists like scotland does they would get more money ? 
  on the last spanish budget for example the canary islands were the only region which saw increased funding since canary islands nationalists were crucial in passing the budget . 
  was n't kosovo supported by nato ? 
  ( hence why serbia was unable to stop it ) if nato supported catalonia then yeah , it 'd be kosovo 2.0, 
  any even remote chance of erdogan losing the next election ? 
  ( assuming it is fair which it probably wo n't ), 
  did n't most young people vote to remain in the eu ? 
  ( i know it 's not explicitly left wing but still ), 
  oh , yeah , forgot about nato !, 
  ( i guess they could give them money , but that 's about it ), 
   mind you , hard to see how spain could block schools , town halls etc from becoming polling stations , given that catalonia has its own devolved police . 
  it does n't need to . 
  it can just allow the referendum to happen , tell unionists to boycott it , then ignore its results as `` it was illegal and not legitimate '', 
   all of europe wait , we ( and slovakia , and romania , and greece ) are not part of europe anymore ? 
  well , there 's the roussillon i guess . 
   in france , french is the only official language afaik . 
  it used to be forced to everyone as it was the only way to make people from all over france to have a feeling to belong to the same country . 
  it 's very much an historical trait of france . 
  it does n't means that others languages are forgotten nowadays tho , lots of languages have been taught again lately , all around france . 
  yeah , kind of the same here except those minority languages are a lot more extended , but everyone speaks spanish , and 95 % of those in catalonia or the like speak it flawlessly ( the remaining 5 % being mostly old people in rural villages which also speak it , but closer to something like a foreign language ), 
  yup , killing culture and diversity in france was the solution . 
  on the other hand it did erase a lot of culture and diversity from the region . 
  maybe russia if they want to spite the eu but that 's very , very unlikely . 
   international community who ? 
  france is not going to do nothing . 
  neither is andorra . 
  i doubt the us or china would move a finger . 
  the eu would probably back spain . 
  only one who might do something is russia i guess , but putin has bigger things to do . 
  ok , a dui then . 
  that article is activated , the mossos or guardia civil arrest puigdemont and the rest of his cabinet . 
  dui finished . 
  if for some reason there 's resistance those get arrested too . 
  if the resistance is too large then it 's exception/siege state , meaning `` tanks in diagonal avenue '' i guess but that wo n't happen ( who would go out and actually fight that `` war '' ? 
  where would they get their weapons from ? ), 
  the latter . 
  the uk is exiting the eu and scotland wants to rejoin , hence the support to scotland . 
  spain is going nowhere hence why / r/europe is divided on the issue . 
   spain provides a clear path for it , for the record . 
  they claim that a potential secession would affect the whole country and as a result any hypothetical referendum should allow the votes of all spaniards , not just the catalonians . 
  well , we would have to reform the constitution first . 
  there 's your referendum in all of spain . 
   actually spain could legally remove all the powers of the catalan government and catalonia would be fully ruled from madrid . 
  to be fair that would only be temporarily . 
  most likely it would only be until the situation got under control and the responsibles ( puigdemont , junqueras and the like ) got indicted . 
  then madrid dissolves catalonia 's regional assembly and calls for new elections probably . 
   spanish politicians treat the constitution as though it is a godsend holy manuscrit so as to avoid taking political responsibility for opposing a referendum , deliberately ignoring that the constitution can only be changed by them . 
  well , there 's this party called pp who explicitly ran to forbid any referendum . 
  they were also very successful unfortunately , but we have to respect the law . 
  more likely : constitutional court rejects the udi as illegal , either catalonia backtracks ; goes ahead with an illegal referendum and puigdemont and junqeras are barred from holding public office for 2-3 years like mas and if catalonia outright refuse to follow spanish laws ( not collecting taxes and the like ) article 155 is activated . 
   would any other countries give it diplomatic recognition ? 
  i guess those unrecognized countries around russia could give recognition , plus some other ones no one cares about . 
  maybe russia if they feel that will destabilize the eu and nato ? 
  linke ?
