  same , except i do it always . 
  no reasonable policeman will say anything . 
  i 'll admit i have n't thought much about children , but their example should be their parents , not unknown people . 
  well , seeing how i live in the canary islands , we do n't have any borders here , so i guess i lose ? 
  if you want to count the sea though , i live like 8km away from the coast and morocco is like 150km away from the island . 
   do you cross the border regularly ? 
  i cross international land borders very , very rarely for obvious reasons . 
  most of the time i 'll just take a flight directly to my destination . 
  first , keep in mind i 've never been to the us , so i 'll say this from what i 've heard from redditors yeah , as you said , the closest equivalent to spain is probably something like florida . 
  however , i 'll try to do this for some of my country 's divisions : basque country : definitely a colder texas . 
  both have movements to secede and they are both known for doing stuff larger canary islands : probably similar to hawai . 
  both far from the rest of the country archipielagos known for tourism and beaches and overall great weather castille-leon : probably some of the flat plains states that look like rectangles . 
  south dakota ? 
  castille la mancha : same as castille-leon , except with a hotter climate . 
  kansas ? 
  madrid : probably something like maryland if dc belonged to it . 
  both have the capital and have lots of gubernamental buildings . 
  not really , for obvious reasons . 
  the civil war on the other hand is incredibly divisive . 
  one of the most famous conspiracy theories is the `` eta did 11m '' one . 
  it 's basically to the spanish 11m bombings what `` jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams '' and all other 9/11 conspiracy theories are to americans . 
  a butchered investigation and inital reaction by the government and happening right before an election so it altered the results by 9 points in favour of the psoe definitely did n't help, 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  in my experience the few latin american subreddits i have lurked into are more active for some reason . 
  for all what 's worth , the previous king juan carlos i did use his military powers in a non ceremonial way , in order to end the 1981 coup . 
  he is also famous for shooting elephants in africa : /, 
  to be fair , the same thing in reverse applies . 
  you ca n't stay more than like 90 days in the us as a tourist, 
  probably [ el intermedio ] ( http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plvua6tigm-qmvbqoh-kqwbkcr0ckur4wr ) ( here 's a playlist with small parts of each episode , which in total each episode lasts 45 min without ads ) it does have a very noticable left wing bias though, 
  why not go there by bus then ? 
  and it 's not that far , it 's only a 2h 30min drive from barcelona, 
  not at all . 
  i 'm the only one i know of that posts regularly in message boards , let alone reddit, 
   i think that russia wants to annex it 's bordering countries , especially the baltic states . 
  to be fair , there 's no way russia would ever invade estonia/latvia/lithuania . 
  that would basically mean ww3 . 
  even in a best case scenario for russia , i can only see them getting all of the former ussr states minus those 3 . 
  sure , they might want them , but pretty sure they 'll never get them , just like spain and gibraltar or argentina and the falklands, 
  university ? 
  no , it costs between 800-1200 $ per year as long as you do n't fail anything in here ( canary islands ) . 
  you get deductions and scolarships if your family is poor or something like that . 
  for example , a friend of mine with lots of siblings only paid 5 $ , which is basically free !, 
  however , vocational training programs ( like those germany has a lot of ) are free though, 
  what about , you know , spain ? 
  ( or if you insist in catalonia , all 4 provinces ? ), 
  considering how terrible the situation in venezuela is , it would n't be that surprising if they went to war with the netherlands over those islands , kind of like argentina and the falklands, 
  going by autonomous communities , i still need to go to extremadura , murcia and the balearic islands ( plus ceuta and melilla if you want to count them . 
  so , basically 14/17 or 14/19 there are 2 i have very few or no memories of visiting though , mostly because i visited them when i was too little ( basically asturias and cantabria ) i have visited all 7 canary islands though , so that 's something , ending up in either el hierro ( i was 12 ) or la palma ( 14 years old ) , which i did n't remember then as i was too little, 
  not a picture , but a 45s video . 
  it 's also from our navy , but anyways : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fouqmrt_i24, 
  yeah , definitely . 
  just look at how people vote . 
  young people vote mostly for podemos ( left wing ) , with everyone else more or less tied ( maybe c 's comes in second ) meanwhile , old people vote mostly for the pp ( more conservative than c 's ) , and even then the psoe comes in second , which is more conservative than podemos . 
  oddly enough , the `` cities vote left , rural areas vote conservative '' thing is n't really valid in spain . 
  there are lots of leftist rural areas like rural andalusia and extremadura and lots of right wing cities like madrid ( though they do have a podemos mayor ) and valencia . 
  sure , he was pretty good at least until the time the constitution was passed and democracy firmly established . 
  however late in his term his party basically collapsed , plus the economy under him was n't all that great , mostly because we put the issue of transition to democracy first . 
  also , for all what 's worth he is the only prime minister ever to resign . 
  yeah , looking at our list of former prime ministers ( suarez ; calvo sotelo , who barely counts ; gonzalez ; aznar ; zapatero and rajoy if you want to count him ) only suarez can even be considered ok . not surprising you went with a regional governor xd ( though i could n't choose one from here either ) everyone else was either incompetent , corrupt or both . 
  who was who depends on your political leanings xd, 
  ok , here they are ( might have changed by the time you read this though ) [ el pa\u00eds ] ( http://kiosko.net/es/np/elpais.html ) : used to be a centre-left newspaper ( basically the psoe 's newspaper ) , but it has become slightly more conservative over time . 
  still probably the most leftist physical newspaper though . 
  the cover has sonething about the andalusian branch of the psoe party finally allowing a government and an editorial about some policemen who were beaten up by basque country/navarra independentists iirc . 
  [ el mundo ] ( http://kiosko.net/es/np/elmundo.html ) : centre-right newspaper . 
  the main news story is the same story about the psoe as el pa\u00eds , but instead of an editorial we have news about the advance of the iraqui army to mosul against isis [ abc ] ( http://kiosko.net/es/np/abc.html ) : a quite conservative newspaper . 
  it was traditionally the newspaper that defended the monarch back in the 1930s and before . 
  also , it 's probably the oldest . 
  it opens up with another editorial about the policemen being beaten up . 
  also , since it 's an artistic project , it 's worth mentioning that abc has a very distinct cover style . 
  it always has a full picture as it 's cover ; with fewer news in headline only form on the top ( today they only really have that one ) , instead of a smaller one with more space for news . 
  and here 's a regional newspaper from my region ( canary islands ) : http://kiosko.net/es/np/canarias7.html has a news about some business launching here and an editorial about tensions in the regional coalition, 
  never went to the us , but from what i 've heard 2 things : * the amount : 15-20 % is fucking ridiculous for what should be an extra price . 
  here we normally tip around 50 cents-1 $ . 
  * the fact that it 's almost mandatory . 
  it should be an extra gift from the consumer , a final thank you ; not a subsidy for artificially low salaries . 
  barcelona is at sea level though . 
  no way it will ever snow there . 
  i guess you could rent a car and go to the pyrinees though , but you can do the same with granada/sierra nevada and madrid/sistema central, 
  if you want snow , stay away from spain tbh . 
  it will probably not snow on any of the cities you posted . 
  if you still want to come here though , madrid , barcelona and granada are your only 3 options , as they all have nearby mountain ranges . 
  i guess i 'd recommend madrid . 
  very nice city with lots of stuff ot visit , and the mountains are slightly more accessible without a car than barcelona 's ( they are closer ), 
  none in real life . 
  i rarely need to speak in english or german ( other languages i know ) . 
  spanish is used pretty much for everything i guess english is the one i use the most though , thanks to reddit xd, 
  well , i was born in 1998 , so i 'm not sure about what to say . 
  i guess we are more tolerant of homosexuals and stuff ? 
  ( gay marriage was legalized in 2005 ; when we were 7 years old after all ) i guess we are also kind of pessimistic about the future , since we grew up during a huge economic crisis that saw unemployment rise to 25 % ? 
  as for politically , i 'm totally sure that the largest change is that young people vote for podemos/c 's instead of for pp/psoe ( i actually voted for psoe ; but i 'm the only one who did . 
  i also only know 2 who voted for pp . 
  everyone else was in team c 's or team podemos xd ) also definitely not religious at all . 
  ok , i ended high school ( admittedly at a more expensive private one , not a half private / `` concertada '' one , but still many things apply ) in spain last year , and i think you are very wrong in many things . 
  * no , everyone is not a clone . 
  everyone is different . 
  sure , you have some stereotypes ( think of the canis that end up dropping out as soon as they can ) , but you ca n't generalize . 
  i think this is more because of movies that you think like that . 
  * the no clubs thing is probably mostly true ( i think you are expected to find them outside the school ) . 
  my school did have some sporting clubs though ( football , basketball and athletics ) , but that 's probably because it 's a private school . 
  * wait , what ?
