  that and sending food and water there ( the infrastructure is meant for 1000 people at most ), 
  for all what 's worth this happens in every spanish city . 
  admittedly madrid is the largest by far , but a terrorist attack could also easisly happen in say , barcelona instead . 
  we simply ca n't ban all trucks from spain during all those days . 
  then again , nothing happened in 2016 , so hopefully our police forces are ready and doing a good job this year as well , 
  actually , yes we do !, 
  the island of la graciosa in the canary islands is slightly larger than nauru ( that 's where australia sends it 's inmigrants ) and it only has a population of 720 ( compared to 10 000 for nauru ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/graciosa,_canary_islands it 's on a nature reserve though . 
  it 's also very close to the island of lanzarote ( population 150k ) , so close you can probably swim between the 2 , so some policing will need to be done as well . 
  alternatively the island of alegranza is much further out and completely uninhabited , with a surface of 10 km ^ 2 ( 1/3 of la graciosa ) the only issue is that the canary islands are quite out of the way for the middle east , but on the other side africa is 100 km away . 
  actually , it probably is . 
  we voted the eu constitution 82-18 back in 2005 ( although turnout was abysmal ) . 
  i 'm not sure how much more unpopular or popular the eu has become here though ( 99 % of people do n't care ) , so 80-20 seems ok to me . 
  yeah , i 'd gladly change tomorrow the mexican inmigrants in the us for the muslim and middle eastern inmigrants in europe . 
  if they had been successful , they could have become something akin to podemos . 
  to be fair , it took a long time for podemos to be created . 
  the 15m protests happened in 2011 . 
  the first election constested by podemos was the 2014 eu parliament one . 
  admittedly there were n't many elections in between ( just regional ones in catalonia , galicia and the basque country in 2012 i think ) , but the party itself was still founded in 2014 . 
  assuming ** nuit debout ** follows podemos and becomes a party , i 'd expect them to start in the 2019 eu parliament elections , which are normally the easiest to get representation in ( though maybe in france it 's different ? ), 
  yeah 20 % leave is totally possible ( it 's hard to get much lower ) . 
  the - eu constitution referendum passed 82-18 back in 2005 after all ( with abysmal turnout though ) then again on that referendum the most leftist mainstream party ( iu ) plus half of the nationalist parties ( basically all leftist nationalist parties ) did campaign for no ( though they only had like 10 % -15 % support combined in the 04 election ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_european_constitution_referendum,_2005, 
  to be fair , that did n't happen here after the 04 madrid bombings though . 
  the pp ( incumbents ) expected a 4 point win but ended up losing by 5 points in the elections 3 days after the attack . 
  that might be because of how they handled the investigation though . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_madrid_train_bombings https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_general_election,_2004, 
  to be fair i am wondering where the 20 % that want to leave the eu here are xd the largest party that explicitly wanted us to leave was the communist party of the people of spain , and they got like 0.1 % of the vote . 
  there 's also the catalan independentist cup i guess , but they do n't contest national elections and even in regional ones they only get like 8 % of the vote . 
  we do have a lot of parties that do n't want to leave , but are n't exactly friends with the eu though ( podemos comes to mind ) , so i guess it 's those , but even they do n't want to leave !, 
  ( they actually were the only ones that sent someone to campaign in the uk ), 
  how likely is it that germany either goes to another round of elections or has a minority government like us ? 
  it seems to me that unless they want another great coalition ( probably tiring ) , the best option would probably be a minority merkel government or something . 
  so , 2016 venezuela except with lamer architecture ? 
  to be fair , when i went to germany ( munich ) in summer i was surpriesd to find it slightly hot ( around 30c ) . 
  that said winters are much colder there , so we are still the hotter place . 
  for all what 's worth , the basque regional broadcaster will also not broadcast it . 
  they only did broadcast it 2009-2012 though , when the socialist party instead of the nationalist/partially independentist pnv was in power . 
  crony capitalism is one hell of a drug, 
   it would be way more expensive and an incredible mess , while causing panic . 
  monte dei paschi di sienna has about $ 169 billions of assets on its balance sheet . 
  see how this bank is already an incredible mess for the italian government . 
   also , you ca n't set a precedent . 
  think about bigger banks in europe . 
  deutsche bank has about $ 1.6 trillions of assets , santander has about $ 1.3 trillions , bnp has about $ 2 trillions , hsbc has $ 2.4 trillions . 
  how many of those are on the hands of italians though ? 
  italy would only give the money back to italians . 
  alternatively , you can give only some of the money back ( make it so that the amount of money you get back is inversely proportional to your income , so poor people with savings keep their money but rich people who can get it back do n't ), 
  there does n't seem to be a strong correlation though . 
  just compare extremadura and castille-leon . 
  looking at these maps makes me think we should make some sort of / r/mapswithoutnz but with the canary islands instead xd, 
  for all what 's worth the latin american colonies ended up marginally better than the african ones . 
  nero is that you ? 
  seriously though , we are exactly the same . 
  we just bailed out some toll roads , nationalizing losses and privatizing profits, 
  ca n't the government let them declare bankrupcy , but give each citizen whatever they had directly without intermediaries ? 
  alternatively , if a bank gets bailed out , should n't it be automatically nationalized ? 
  if not you are privatizing benefits and nationalizing losses, 
  to be fair , over here 16c * is * cold weather , but we 're the exception , not the norm ( then again , we * are * almost in the tropics :p ), 
  idk much about cold temperatures ( i think the temperature record in the island where i live is like -5 c ) , but could n't you put on the -35 gear , plus one or 2 extra layers ? 
  ( a thick jacket should be enough to bridge the gap i think ), 
  canary islander , can confirm i feel terribly cold at like 15c :p similarly something like 33c is pretty hot . 
  i think it 's only voting sanctions though ? 
  ( ie poland ca n't vote in anything eu related ), 
  well , send them back and forth xd we can probably afford it more than them . 
  alternatively reach a deal or something, 
  so , like antena 3 ( right wing ) and la sexta ( left ) here on tv ? 
  owned by the same company , but very different, 
  fuck , they are almost unironically like hitler !, 
  / r/polandman ? 
  well , have them stuck in the airport then , like on that tom hanks movie xd once they are in tunisia or wherever they came from it 's not our problem, 
  no , you did n't , the video did xd, 
  well , madrid is larger and is pretty conservative at all levels :p ( though the current mayor is carmena , but before that they had like 20 or 25 years of unbroken pp governments ), 
  catalonia and the basque country are weird in that they are right wing at the local level ( pnv/ciu ) but left wing nationally . 
  hell , barcelona used to be as strongly socialist as seville as late as 2011 !, 
  had it not been for independentism , the psoe would probably still be pretty strong in catalonia ( maybe not the basque country though ) in fact here 's the 2011 election map : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/elecciones_generales_espa%c3%b1olas_de_2011_-_distribuci%c3%b3n_del_voto.svg notice how the only 2 provinces that voted for rubalcaba instead of rajoy back then were seville and barcelona . 
  to be fair , the answer here is technically the king , but he has only acted as such non-ceremonially exactly once ( during the 1981 coup to stop it , asking the army not to rebel , as most of the army was following him . 
  he could have supported the coup and become a dictator/absolute monarch ) in reality though , it 's really in a weird position between the prime minister , the minister of defense and someone else . 
  hell , i 'm not even sure the `` countries can leave the eu , so it 's not a country '' argument is that good either . 
  serbia used to include montenegro , but now it does n't . 
  serbia is still a country . 
  the ussr apparently had a clause allowing its countries to secede ( we all know how that really worked , but still ) . 
  it was still a country . 
  hell , if we started to allow regions to secede if they so chose ( think of catalonia ) , would spain stop being a country ? 
  yeah , basically all of spain says that ( chocolatina ) . 
  ambros\u00eda is also used quite often though . 
  for all what 's worth , those are basically the 2 poorest regions with the most unemployment and lowest education level :p, 
  the canary islands can into irrelevancy !, 
  though somehow all categories fit , was it intentional ? 
  only exception is the flat/mountains one . 
  lanzarote and fuerteventura should be flat , everything else does have a ton of mountains though . 
  yeah , the smallest absolute majority we 've ever had was in 1989 , when the socialist party got 39 % of the vote and got exactly half the seats in parliament ( 175/350 ) . 
  i guess the weimar republic 's voting process probably delayed the nazis ' rise , not accelerate it . 
  why is hawaii american ? 
  or greenland danish ? 
  did n't you hear he is a secret kenyan muslim ? 
  except french guyana is an integral part of france . 
  would you not consider a hawaiian or alaskan american ? 
  or a canary islander spanish ? 
  or a madeiran portuguese ? 
  to be fair , it would n't surprise me at all if they consider themselves european instead of latin american though .
