  well , we did the same as turkey in the basque country and it worked fine . 
  to be fair , that seems pretty harsh even if they genuinely supported terrorism ( unless they actually did take part in attacks ) . 
  something like say , 7 years plus another extra 7 without being able to hold public office seems a lot fairer imo . 
  not sure about germany , but at least here in spain all national printed newspapers have a right wing bias . 
  the most leftist newspaper is el pa\u00eds , which supports the most conservative elements of the psoe, 
  iirc it still does n't kick them out , just does n't allow them to vote . 
  for all what 's worth while here you will definitely get an overall majority with 45 % of the vote , you definitely wo n't get 2/3 ( or even 3/5 , the required for constitutional reforms ) pp got 44.6 % of the vote in 2011 and they only got 186/350 seats for example ( an overall majority , but far from 3/5 ie 210 seats ; let alone 2/3 ), 
  my little pony ? 
  seems like a good candidate :p ^ ^ / s, 
  did n't housing prices plumlet during the crisis after the bubble exploded ? 
  for all what 's worth most of our nationalists are pro eu , as is the snp in scotland . 
  different nationalism though . 
  ok , what about spain then ? 
  we had a unitary state a la france for a long time , did n't work . 
  a federal state light is working slightly better but still not great . 
  why should we move towards centralization in madrid ? 
  to be fair every large sub will eventually turn into an echo chamber . 
  for a large sub , / r/europe is not * too * bad , but still far from unbiased, 
  til catalonia and the basque country are independent countries with their own militaries . 
  to be fair that 's because the uk has no constitution and 50 % +1 of the parliament can basically do whatever it wants . 
  ( at least in theory ) . 
  for spain it requires a 2/3 supermajority plus a referendum in all of spain , and the pp is completely opposed to it . 
  more likely : those 3 laws are passed , then repealed by the constitutional court . 
  nothing changes . 
  if the referendum is done anyways , it 's boycotted by unionists , and the results are worthless . 
  some years later , puigdemont and his cabinet are banned for a while from politics like mas . 
  if they still do n't obey and declare unilateral independence article 155 is there . 
  the year catalonia goes independent will probably be the year of the linux desktop as well xd, 
  to be fair , fillon would have also been a good bet . 
  \u00a1 breaking news !, 
  irish minister finds out that water is wet . 
  he also said that fire is hot and that brexit was a bad decision . 
  spain is also in nato so i do n't think it would have to respond ( or respond in both sides ), 
  to be fair it 'd be more like california can have spain instead ( lower population , but greater economy ), 
  el any ~ ~ 2013 ~ ~ ~ ~ 2014 ~ ~ ~ ~ 2015 ~ ~ ~ ~ 2016 ~ ~ 2017 ( you are here ) 2018\u00a02019\u00a02020\u00a02021 ... ser\u00e1 el any de la indapandencia !, 
  have n't some countries neutered that ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_1994 also , the us congress got a turnout in the mid 30s in 2014 . 
  the european parliament got higher turnout . 
  yeah , iirc zapatero never got the senate ( it had a slim pp plurality ) . 
  did n't matter though , it just meant that laws took 2 more months to pass . 
  sure , and that 's why i personally prefer something like stv or irv . 
  ( fptp like the us/uk is a last resort option ) that 's also a good idea . 
  oh , if that 's the head of state i guess it can stay as a ceremonial thing ( kind of like kings and queens in modern day europe ), 
  mostly the name . 
  even keeping the current structure would be ok if they just changed the name ( `` council '' is used for too many things already ) . 
  it should be a senate , a `` house/assembly '' and a government imo . 
  i do prefer elected officials over appointed ones for the most part though , at least for the legislative . 
  splitting them 50-50 between appointed and elected would be a nice compromise ( here for example only 209 of the 269 senators are elected ) . 
  i was thinking of using the same system for the parliament and the senate , so that both are proportional . 
  i definitely would n't want spain 's senate at the eu level xd . 
  i think i am one of the very few who split their vote . 
  even fptp like the us would be better , and fptp is terrible !, 
  ( we 'd need fewer senators , like 3 per country at most ), 
  i thought in both cases it was within the margin of error ? 
  10 point errors are almost unheard of . 
  why is nominating `` senators '' by national parliaments or directly electing them instead of having the heads of government as such warmongering and imperialistic ? 
  i do get your comment as a response 2nd argument even if it 's worded in a bit of a sensacionalistic way . 
  also it 's not like having 2 people ( head of state and head of government ) is that good , but fine , i get your worries . 
  an alternative could be what austria does ; directly elected but powerless head of state and powerful head of government appointed by parliament . 
  personally i 'm kind of a fan of a more us-like model . 
  make the parliament more proportional ( still not fully so to keep proportionality at the national level , give each country at least 3 meps or something like that and make the maximum cap something like 150 meps ) . 
  then get rid of the council ( or rename it ) and make it a proper senate where 1 country = x senators ( i personally think 10-12 is fine ) . 
  make them directly elected , or at least half directly elected and half appointed by each country 's government . 
  that 's probably not what i call simple , but it 's not like you can explain the eu in a much simpler manner . 
  i do think it need some serious simplification . 
  personally i 'd get rid of the council of ministers , replacing it with an actual `` eu senate '' , whose members are nominated by each national parliament . 
  also get rid of all the `` head of state '' concept . 
  it 's ok if you want a king/queen , but otherwise it 's redundant . 
  just make junker ( or the `` eu prime minister '' ) the head of state and the head of government . 
  at the very least get rid of the confusing names . 
  there 's a council of europe and a european council for example . 
  to be fair it 's probably because the eu is often shown as `` those guys in brussels we sometimes vote for but the vote is almost meaningless who tell us to pay denbts '' . 
  i did n't know anything about the eu until i found this sub . 
  yes , yes and no respectively . 
  probably future proofing for when bulgaria joins the euro, 
  ceuta/melilla do have a lower vat ( i think 10 % compared to 21 % on the mainland or 7 % in the canary islands ) . 
  also , at least in the canary islands it 's offset by the fact that there are taxes on imports  . , 
  why the hand signaling 2 ? 
  [ relevant polandball comic ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/d/d6/wyq4igl.png/revision/latest?cb=20150302135012 ), 
  yeah , part of a larger case which actually involves several politicians , not just him . 
  he is just the latest and highest profile politician indicted . 
  and we are already known for being fairly corrupt , one case more probably wo n't help , but it wo n't hurt either . 
  sorry for bad formatting and wall of text pedro antonio s\u00e1nchez has resigned on tuesday as president of the region of murcia after the pp has decided to withdraw support after the request of the national court to be charged for fraud , bribery and disclosure of secrets for his involvement in the punic case . 
  s\u00e1nchez will remain in charge of the pp murcia and maintains his act as deputy and , therefore , the privilege of the levy . 
  in this way , the cases that have open will continue to be investigated in the high court of justice of murcia . 
  pedro antonio s\u00e1nchez resigns as president of murcia cornered by accusations of corruption judge velasco attributes to the president of murcia the alleged crimes of fraud and bribery pedro antonio s\u00e1nchez resigns as president of murcia cornered by accusations of corruption all indications of crime that judge velasco attributes to the president of murcia s\u00e1nchez had hitherto endured the pressure even after his imputation for prevarication , fraud and embezzlement in the auditorio case and despite the threat of a censure motion . 
  however , the decision of the pp to demand his departure not to lose the regional presidency has been crucial for s\u00e1nchez has opted for the only way out : to resign . 
  in this way , the popular can present an alternative candidate who will be supported by citizens . 
  `` everything that has been achieved can not be put at risk , '' said sanchez , who is convinced that the agreement between the tripartite ( psoe , citizens and we ) was already closed to remove him from the presidency . 
  `` i have to do everything possible to avoid the tripartite and its dire consequences , '' he said . 
  `` it takes my sleep '' to think of a tripartite government , he has assured , and has trusted that his resignation `` serves to save '' the autonomous community of that situation . 
  `` i will continue to work , which is the only thing that is done and what i am willing to continue doing with passion and responsibility , '' he concluded , without admitting questions from journalists and accompanied by all members of his government team . 
  the pp has decided to give in to political and judicial pressure for the persistence of pedro antonio sanchez to continue in the presidency of the region of murcia and has finally opted , almost in extremis , to demand that he leave the post after the audiencia nacional has requesting their imputation for alleged crimes of fraud , bribery and disclosure of secrets for their involvement in the punic case , according to sources of the party 's national leadership . 
  mariano rajoy has eluded this morning in segovia the matter and has left his final solution in the hands of his number three , fernando mart\u00ednez maillo , who has traveled this morning to murcia and will give a speech to the regional board of the pp . 
  sanchez has called his governing council to say goodbye and now justify his departure in a `` responsibility to avoid '' exercise a tripartite executive between citizens , psoe and we . 
  the general coordinator of the pp , fernando mart\u00ednez-maillo , traveled this morning of urgency to murcia , where the president of the region , pedro antonio s\u00e1nchez ( pp ) , has called in the headquarters of the party to the direction of his formation to a meeting `` inexcusable '' at 12.45 . 
  the meeting of the party comes a day after the judge of the national court , eloy velasco , who instructs the cause of corruption on the punic plot , raise a reasoned exposure to the high court of justice of murcia to impute to sanchez for the crimes of fraud , bribery and the crime of disclosure of confidential information . 
  s\u00e1nchez 's call came last midnight after the regional committee of the psoe unanimously approved the government program that will raise in the motion of censure against the regional president , pedro antonio s\u00e1nchez , this week in the regional assembly . 
  the socialist document has also received the approval of the consejo ciudadano de podemos murcia . 
  citizens ' status to support this measure remains the subsequent call for elections within six months .
