  to be fair , i ca n't really name that many spanish laws myself . 
  it 's also incredibly cheap tho, 
  yeah , a 35 min journey over here ( las palmas-south of the island ) will cost you like 6 $ each way over here as well ( though to be fair , that 's a single ticket . 
  you can easily get discounts if you use that route often ) it 's also a monopoly , from a company that 's pretty behind the times imo ( though their fleet is pretty new ) . 
  it 's owned by the island 's government though . 
  deport them on the first plane to their home country if they are illegals . 
  send them to jail if they are n't . 
  should i remember you that you vote every 5 years for the eu parliament ? 
  no idea really . 
  the thing that looks the closest to going to the eu as of now is defense and border policy ( not sure if a full blown eu army , but definitely a lot more cooperation ) . 
  i guess a fixing the euro is also a good priority , but it would require a lot more expenses by member states so i 'm not sure if it will happen any time soon . 
  yeah ; is there a mainstream political party that actually supports leaving the eu ? 
  i know podemos is opposed to the current eu , which they think is neoliberal and stuff , but they are definitely not campaigning for leaving it . 
  the only one i can think of are the cup anti capitalist independentists in catalonia xd, 
  with blackjack and hookers !, 
  true , but by the time some sort of european confederation or something like that is actually operational i 'm pretty sure that wo n't be true ( unless china simply collapses or something ), 
  to be honest , the one time i made an eu parliament election poll here in / r/europe the results were incredibly balanced , much more than i expected !, 
  could n't it be passed by a left wing majority though , seeing how merkel and the cdu do n't have an absolute majority ? 
   directly fund catalan separatist parties . 
  this is actually illegal under spanish law . 
  in fact , it was thought by some that podemos was funded by iran and venezuela , and people filed lawsuits that ended in nothing . 
  to be fair , spain is a nato member as well , but i have no idea how a war among 2 nato members would play out, 
  worst of all , he is probably the best minister in rajoy 's cabinet , other than maybe soraya saenz ( and she barely qualifies as a minister , as the presidency minister is pretty low profile . 
  she is thought of more as vice president ), 
   probably the most serious thing that spain could do in the current climate is build a wall without a door actually , there 's already precedent on that !, 
  franco built a ~ ~ wall ~ ~ fence on the gibraltar border in thr 1960s and did n't allow anything in or out , as though it were an island . 
  ( or maybe not that extreme , but you get the idea ) he did n't make mexico or the uk pay for it though . 
  also , the removal if those restrictions was one of the conditions spain had to meet to join the eu . 
  theoretically when the uk leaves we could go back to the situation when franco was still alive . 
  seeing how the refugee crisis went , i wonder why this did n't come earlier . 
  wait , where did i say i support bullfighting ? 
   .  here bullfighting has been banned since before i was born , and i 'll probably never go to one . 
  yeah , that 's because the constitutional court is incredibly partisan towards the party in the government ( remember that for example the 2005 law against gender violence was ruled constitutional when it clearly was n't ) we should really make it neutral . 
  to be fair , that 's because madrid is the capital city of spain . 
  it 's not unusual to refer to the us government as washington either for example . 
  if the capital city of spain was soria , you 'd see independentists complaining about soria ( soria ens roba ) instead of madrid ens roba . 
  expecting a 1 trillion $ tax on bullfighting xd, 
  the canary islands banned bullfighting in 1991 . 
  no one seemed to care then , why now ? 
  yup ; the canary islands banned bullfighting in 1991 ; with pp support out of all people !, 
  well , the canary islands also banned bullfighting and the constitutional court did n't say anything . 
  why would they undo the bans now ? 
  keep in mind this is a probably political decision , not a constitutional one . 
  the canary islands ' ban on bullfighting is still active probably ; which makes no sense . 
  not like bullfighting will ever return to the islands : /, 
  ok , what about a boat ? 
  oh , so it was just lone wolves/regular criminals instead ? 
  ( not like it makes it any better ), 
  yeah , though it 's worth mentioning he still lost to zapatero . 
  twice . 
  hell , the pp could have nominated a rubber duck in 2011 and they would have still won by a blowout . 
  i thought striza was the far left populist party ? 
  after all , this video is still used to critizise podemos : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdvhhqw36ou, 
  the psoe was against nato at one point as well : / http://cloud10.todocoleccion.online/folletos-turismo/tc/2014/09/09/17/45152304_21652028.jpg, 
  wait , is n't the pasok already dead there ? 
  to be fair , an spanish girl was reciently kidnapped and killed by cartels in mexico city : / http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2016/09/20/actualidad/1474400121_021455.html is that an unfortunate exception or the norm ? 
   borrell would be well liked by everyone , but he lacks a bit of charisma . 
  did n't he already try something in 2000 and failed though ? 
  ( i was 2 years old at the time , obviously ca n't remember anything ), 
  sure if you are talking about the popular vote , but iirc some polls were predicting a tie in seats , but a podemos advantage in votes . 
  yeah , the question now is not podemos ' sorpasso ( that 's almost a given now ) . 
  the questions for me are : * will the psoe ever win a constituency ( province ) again ? 
  ( 2011 they won barcelona and seville ; june 2016 they won seville , huelva and jaen ) * will ciudadanos do a sorpasso to the psoe as well ? 
  oh well , it was fun while it lasted . 
   really do n't know , maybe someone who make this change can talk about this not mexican , but i do know mexicans living legally in spain ( and really any country that once belonged to the spanish empire + portugal + andorra ) can get the spanish nationality much easier than other people . 
  they also do n't have to renounce their citizenship , unlike people from other countries ( though iirc this rule is n't really that enforced ), 
   we are humans with feelings too  no . 
  our prime minister [ told us ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=junb4gipfsm ) it 's the other way around, 
  then libya should return them to the country they entered libya from , keeping the ball rolling until they get home . 
  either that or they get flown to their home country from italy on the first flight there is . 
  wait , what ? 
  here we use a regular 1 handle shower as well . 
  no free college here , it still gets cold depending on where you live :p, 
  i actually live there :d best part of living here is the weather , no doubt about that . 
  18-30 c guaranteed 99 % of the time . 
  i thought cuba was the first green country ? 
  relatively high hdi and low co2 emissions . 
  yeah . 
  actually , did n't the psc defend a referendum once , but was quickly shut down by the national branch ? 
  yeah , i agree with you as well . 
  wathing your situation though , i think there are still 2 voting choices if you want to vote ( i also think you must vote no matter what ) : * ciudadanos , and pray that they can purge the pp 's corruption as much as they can ( which means not much , but better than nothing ) * a random minor party . 
  esca\u00f1os en blanco is intended for people who do n't have a viable option if they are available in your province . 
  upyd ( if they still exist ) are also viable i guess , and i think they were a bit less tolerant of corruption than cs . 
  if not just vote for a random fringe party you agree with the most . 
  never interrupt your enemies when they are making a mistake xd, 
  oh , sure ; and he should have told gonzalez the truth , but to be honest lying to gonzalez is definitely not a reason to fire him . 
  yeah ; though oddly enough when he was in the primaries back in 2014 i believe , he was actually a centrist , supported by those who now plot against him !, 
  the `` corbyn '' of the time got 15 % ; his establishment centrist opponent 36 % . 
  he got 49 % . 
  however , now that he is about to lose power he is looking for support on the left , but that 's probably because he ca n't move to the right if the challenge comes from there . 
  yeah i totally agree . 
  i actually voted for the psoe back in june !, 
  ( incredibly odd for an 18 year old . 
  everyone i know voted for podemos or cs , except 1 or 2 pp voters ) . 
  if susana ( or any of her allies ) becomes secretary general , i 'll vote for podemos though . 
  ( if we even vote in december ) . 
  if i wanted a pp government and stopping all elections i 'd vote for cs ( which i admittedly considered for december 2016 if it happened ), 
  yeah , if he wanted to govern with podemos , his chance was in february , not now . 
  ( they refused to speak with catalan nationalists at the time , and they should n't have attempted to reconcile podemos and ciudadanos ) i still voted for them in june even though i did n't like him then , but that was more because i thought a psoe+p odemos + cs deal was the best for spain ( if impossible ) and they had deals with canary islands nationalists . 
  actually , after this i actually like him more !,
