  samw gender and you probably either high 5 ( informal ) , or shake hands ( formal ), 
  whenever an american mentions an stereotype of minessota i always think they are a part of canada that somehow ended up in the us xd, 
  well , greeting with hola , que tal ? 
  ( hello !, 
  how are you ? ), 
  ( what 's going on ? ), 
  like in the us is not that rate here . 
  you sometimes answer with bien y tu ? 
  ( fine and you ? ), 
  and then continue the conversation normally . 
  others you just tell what you are doing like in europe , but almost always a short answer, 
  pretty sure we would never reach a 2 last people in the country scenario . 
  at one point the state will collapse and birthrates would go up automatically ( i 'm thinking of a mad max-esque scenario , sans the destruction and the awesome cars ), 
  why is having low fertility rates = population death ? 
  sure , the population will shrink , but very slowly over time and approaching 0 in infinity ( ie never ) a fertility rate of 1 would mean the population would be divided by half after each generation , but by the time it reaches critically low numbers it will probably be like the year 2500 or so , at which point we 'll probably have a solution, 
  yeah , though to be fair when i think of that kind of places , cantabria is definitely the first place that comes to mind, 
  / r/exmuslim relevant subreddit for that, 
  yeah , inmigrants from `` western minded '' countries ( usa , australia , etc ) and most asian countries ( thinking mostly on china here , but also japan , worst korea , etc ) have little to no difficulty integrating . 
  latin americans also have almost no difficulty integrating as well ( i might be biased here for obvious reasons , but still ) . 
  eastern europeans also integrate mostly well . 
  african and middle eastern migrants should look at a mirror and ask why they are the only ones that do n't integrate . 
  maybe they should adapt to the customs of the new place they are in ? 
  did they never learn `` when in rome do as romans do '' ? 
  would n't it be a better idea to vote strategically in the 1st round for macron ( or melenchon or hollande maybe ) to get a leftist or centrist you like better in the 2nd round instead of voting someone who does not have a chance ? 
  would it be a good idea for the ps to include a `` not put a candidate '' option in the primary and if that succeeds endorse macron ( or melenchon if they are willing to go fat left i guess ) in order not to split the left further ( as their candidates are polling terribly ) and get a leftist on the 2nd round ? 
  i think what you describe are capped countries like you and us . 
  i can still use the internet with my phone after my data cap is gone ( in my case 1 gb :( ) . 
  it 's just that the speed is so slow that loading any website is an exercise in frustration . 
  it 's basically only usable for whatsapp after the cap is reached . 
  i wonder how a melenchon vs le pen would look like xd far left vs far right . 
  the battle of the extremes, 
  yeah , spanish urban planning tends to prefer large appartment buildings instead of ( semi ) detatched houses . 
  not in vain spain has the largest percentage of people in the eu living in flats [ according to eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/7/74/distribution_of_population_by_dwelling_type%2c_2014_%28%25_of_population%29_yb16.png ) . 
  coincidentally we also have the largest amount of elevators per capita . 
  the article is actually very good and explains why we live mostly in flats as opposed to houses : http://qz.com/273214/how-spains-bloody-history-gave-it-the-worlds-highest-concentration-of-elevators/ barcelona 's case is even more extreme , as it 's surrounded by mountains , so big urban sprawl is out of the question . 
  here 's for example a random street in the outskirts of madrid : https://www.google.es/maps/@40.370732,-3.7490174,3a,75y,245.98h,90t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1smgex2bio0fni0nt9vxmima!2e0!7i13312!8i6656, 
  to be fair , spain at least has 2 big cities , not just 1 ( madrid and barcelona have roughly the same importance economically , with madrid having an edge due to being the capital ), 
  yeah , maybe sweden . 
  portugal if i understand correctly has a right wing president but a left wing prime minister . 
  i think the prime minister is the one with the most power though . 
  yeah , forgot about them ( i actually talked about greece in another reply ) i was not sure whether sweden had a left wing or a right wing government , that 's why i did not include them, 
  oh , sure , i just thought it was smaller . 
  til valencia has more than 2 million people . 
  i thought they would n't even get to 1.5 million . 
  do n't the individual states have the most control over people 's lives though ? 
  well , yeah , in that case there 's no left wing prime minister/president in europe right now . 
  i guess tsipras in greece was one for like 4 months before finally surrendering to the troika, 
  which countries even have left wing governments right now anyways ? 
  i can only think of italy and france , and there 's a 0 % chance of hollande winning reelection . 
  the infamous in the opinion of the alt-right merkel is a right wing politician . 
  to be fair , hungary does n't seem that bad . 
  a bit stagnated , but at least they are on the positive side of things . 
  ( unlike , say , greece , currently at 90s levels ), 
  according to / r/the _ donald 's bot , it 's going to be built all the way up to space a tunnel is probably a better idea :p, 
  til dublin has a subway system or is it a tram ? 
  yeah . 
  i mean , sure , losing denmark + sweden would n't hurt as much as losing , say , france or germany ( or hell , the uk ! ), 
  but they are still net contributors after all . 
  much more `` sane '' pricing imo, 
  damn , why is hatton cross so cheap when compared to the rest of the city ? 
  i guess it must look like a warzone or something ( plus , being near a busy airport must hurt a lot ) also , with our pricing standards , the only sane areas seem to be elm park and redbridge . 
  i guess those are the infamous `` no-go '' zones ? 
  xd ( granted , crime there is probably overestimated , but i guess they are pretty bad to live in ) here paying 4 digits is very rare . 
  only if it takes place on a car and you are not on the drover 's seat :p, 
  fernando vii was not a liberal at all . 
  he did have like 3 liberal years , but called france to invade and liberate us to get an absolute monarchy . 
  he even killed the cadiz constitution of 1812 !, 
  apparently reddit itself has gone to shit . 
  just look at / r/all right now, 
  tradition . 
  franco put in place the 14 payments system , one for christmas , and another to conmemorate the `` glorious national uprising '' ( ie his coup ) . 
  when democracy came , we kept the extra payments , and just changed the conmemoration of the second to the king 's birthday . 
  i think now it just celebrates the middle of summer . 
  ok , those are the syrians . 
  everyone else ( afghans , pakistanis , etc ) is deported to their home country . 
  it 's not that hard, 
  why ca n't we learn something from the us in this issue ? 
  their states have powers which are respected by washington . 
  we should do the same here . 
  so , only for 2 years and not even the entire country ? 
  for all what 's worth we sold a couple useless islands to germany in 1899 , but they lost them after ww1, 
  not even that , iirc was n't it like 2010 or 2011 for legal abortion ? 
  spain is wrong in that map . 
  we did legalize abortion in cases of rape , incest , danger to the mother and the like in the 1980s , but abortion on demand was legalized in 2011  . , 
  what happened to juppe ? 
  i thought he was the favourite ? 
  actually , fun fact : you may have noticed that here instead of having a pp-cs coalition like the uk had , we have instead a minority pp government . 
  one of the main reasons is the collapse of the british lib dems after the coalition . 
  cs leader albert rivera is personal friends with nick clegg , and learned from his mistake . 
  ( the other main reason is that here minority governments are quite common , though they usually have many more mps ), 
  for all what 's worth the last polls i saw had a hypothetical hollande-le pen 2nd round as a virtual tie , with le pen slightly ahead !, 
  of course that requires hollande to somehow get to the 2nd round, 
  also a fitting acronym xd, 
  yeah ; suarez also served for only 2 terms ( though he did run several times after that ) . 
  i 'd also expect rajoy not to run for a third term if this government lasts for the full 4 years ( unlikely ) . 
  gonzalez is really the only person who got more than 2 terms . 
  not really , he had mediocre approval ratings . 
  in [ late 2003 ] ( http://www.cis.es/cis/export/sites/default/-archivos/marginales/2540_2559/2541/e254100.html ) for example , he had a 4.56 . 
  for reference zapatero had a 4.47 / 10 and rajoy a 4.63 / 10 at the time . 
  zapatero was indeed incredibly unpopular in [ 2011 ] ( http://datos.cis.es/pdf/es2915mar_a.pdf ) though , as he had a 3/10 .
