  at the very least , that would kill the `` unelected commision '' arguments . 
  does n't germany have the fdp though ? 
  do n't know really : / i guess the eurosceptic ones ? 
  most likely the ecr ? 
  ( uk conservatives for example ), 
  well , i have many doubts about them actually . 
  1 : can they even get ballot access in many countries ? 
  remember that in eu parl elections you still have to vote for the national parties after all . 
  2 : can they even get enough support to get seats ? 
  since they have very little support probably , i can only see them winning in places where it 's easy to get seats ; places without a minimum percentage to enter , not divided into regional constituencies and with lots of seats . 
  that probably means their best chances should be in germany and spain , yet they are absent in both countries . 
  well , most domestic parties are inside a larger eu group . 
  for example , pis is in the ecr group , alongside the uk conservatives . 
  erc voter ( and as such , catalan independentist ) i suppose ? 
  actually , i 'm surprised at the large amount of support they get here , considering most lf their members are n't really popular with young people ( ie most of reddit 's userbase ) . 
  for example , in the poll that inspired me , the national party representing them got like 1 % of the vote , under many utra fringe parties . 
  yeah , most countries do n't have the entire choice of the 7 groups i posted . 
  for example , here in spain you have no eurosceptic option . 
  the closest you can get is podemos , which is still supportive , but critical , and very leftist anyways . 
  ok , thanks for the advice  what would be a better description for alde then ? 
  should have included australia while they were at it though :(, 
  yeah , the spanish `` emergency state '' is pretty similar ( technically not called emergency state , and in 3 very similar flavours . 
  from most leanient to most strict : alarm , exception and siege ) . 
  not sure if it can be done regionally , but it was once enacted ghat way , so i 'm pretty sure yes . 
  it has only been used twice though : - during the 1981 coup , the coup supporters enacted the exception state in valencia ( the east ) as part of the coup . 
  - during 2010 the government enacted the alarm state as a measure to force air traffic controllers doing an illegal strike to return to their jobs the alarm state can be mandated by lnly the goverment ( up to 15 days . 
  more require parliamentary approval ) . 
  the other 2 require parliamentary approval from day 1 . 
  damn , great for her !, 
  meanwhile , spanish prime ministers : rajoy : http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7efoz6otxik zapatero : http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gwmibzx73p4 only calvo sotelo knew english , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  felipe gonz\u00e1lez did know french though , even if he could n't speak english . 
  oh well , then it 's not like they ca n't dissolve parliament ( doing that would be using a very dirty loophole , but still perfectly legal : / ), 
  i guess technically `` respect for democracy '' ? 
  ( even then that 's a stretch ), 
  ca n't they just change the rule back to how it was before , then dissolve parliament ? 
  they seem a lot more comparable to syriza , the bloco or podemos imo . 
  damn , that 's insane levels of hot : / then again , since the us are huge , i 'm pretty sure you can find much colder places ( alaska probably ? ), 
   nato having an obligation to uphold democracy portugal was actually a fascist dictatorship when they joined nato : / allowing dictatorships in would n't be without precedents after all . 
  well , many places in europe definitely do n't need cheap and exploitable foreign labour when they have tons of unemployed people in their countries ( * couch * greece * cough * spain ) hell , only 2 eu countries actually have full employment ( under 5 % unemployment ) iirc . 
  actually , on a people murdered/year basis , eta was much `` better '' than these current islamists . 
  eta averaged something like 23 people murdered per year . 
  islamist attacks are at like 125 per year or so :(, 
  actually , in my case it was mostly the opposite xd here 's what i learned : - primary school ( years 1-6 ) : only time i saw all history , except , you know , at a small kids level -1 o eso ( year 7 ) : prehistory-romans -2 o eso ( year 8 ) : fucking nothing :d our school decided to say : fuck the middle ages and spanish empire , even though supposedly they were mandatory -3 o eso ( year 9 ) : again , nothing , except this time you were n't supposed to learn history -4 o eso ( year 10 ) : our school decided to try to recover the lost time a bit , so we saw from the discovery of america-ww1 -1 o bach ( year 11 ) nothing -2 o bach ( year 12 ) : finally after all these years we see the official curriculum :d shame it 's only 1808-1990s so , in the end i ended up knowing nothing about the middle ages :p, 
  mostly the same in the canary islands as well ( starting to think it 's mandatory everywhere ) you can only take one to pau though . 
  not sure about the lomce , but under the loe ( i actually did the last pau ever , this 2016 one ) you had to have in class both philosophy and history . 
  however you can only take one of them in the pau ( history in my case . 
  i picked the 2nd republic as the theme and the second half of franco 's regime as the commentary ), 
  i actually did the pau this year and we definitely saw the civil war in class ( it was n't even one of the last units !, 
  like unit 8/12 or so ) in fact , we end here with felipe gonzalez and entering nato and the eu . 
  we do start in 1876 though : /, 
  maybe the 1974 portuguese `` coup '' ( probably not a coup , but still ) is an example of that ? 
  of course zimbabwe would be there !, 
  they are [ rich ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/zimbabwe_$100_trillion_2009_obverse.jpg ) after all !, 
  maybe allowing each country to design one of the faces of euro notes ( like with coins ) would have been a better idea ? 
  to be fair , i 'm betting on hitler invading spain after conquering france had the republic won the war . 
  after the war , most likely a democracy would have been founded ( either a monarchy or a third republic . 
  betting on the first as the second would have a higher risk of falling into communism , something the us would n't like ), 
  why did th portuguese drop the old names ? 
  they are actually the more standard ones . 
  actually , telef\u00f3nica was never broken down ( or if it ever was , it has reunited ) . 
  the government did make it so other companies had an easier chance competing against them , especially in the mobile market . 
  trying to draw as many parallels to our 1981 coup and other coups we 've had , the onew i 'm most familiar with ( the 1981 one was much different , though still amateurish , with absolutely 0 violence in fact ) :  how do you dare to attempt a coup with only a minority of the army ? 
  do you just assume that the others will join once what they see what you are doing ? 
  can you not see that a failed coup attempt will only boost the popularity of erdogan even more ? 
  same could be said about ours ( actually , that one was n't even started by the military , but by a semi-military branch of the police ) . 
  normally you do assume the unsure parts of the military will support you if you make the coup look sucessful early . 
  and similarly , while a failed coup will make erdogan look good , i guess the plotters thought their plan was failproof ? 
  that 's without bringing the tinfoil hats of course . 
   what kind of a coup makes a public statement saying army has taken over the control without detaining any of the politicians ? 
  totally agree . 
  first thing our coup did was secure all the congressmen , the prime minister and the ( at the time lame duck ) government . 
  it was easier since congress was in session , but even then the first thing they should have done is kidnapping erdogan and as many politicians as they could . 
   what is with only taking over the state broadcasting channel ? 
  does n't a proper coup will stop the broadcasting of all channels ? 
  yes , a proper coup does try to stop all broadcasting ( that is tough though , especially today ) . 
   do n't you want to stop politicians from making statements and calling people to streets ? 
  ( of course you should have detained them first ) yes you totally do . 
  you should have arrested them first . 
   why start a coup on friday night when everyone is out and awake ? 
  should n't you do this early morning when everyone is in their beds and detain people right out of their sleeps ? 
  actually , most coups we 've had have been on workdays !, 
  the 1981 coup happened on a monday evening ( 18:25 ) , though there were actual reasons to pick this date ( congress had to do a vote that day , making it easy to kidnap politicians ) . 
  for an example of a successful coup , the 1923 coup was on a thursday . 
  this one did take place late though ( midnight )  how does erdogan look so much more calm and relaxed against tanks and jets than compared to gezi protesters ? 
  actually , during coups it seems it 's policitians who are calm !, 
  when people started to shoot at the ceiling of congress , only the prime minister and the leader of the communist party refused to sit down . 
   what kind of a man calls civilians to streets to fight against armed man ? 
  where is the rest of the army that does not support the coup ? 
  normally the rest of the army is hidden . 
  picking the wrong side during a coup is an easy way to die after all . 
   how can a coup be successful if the military is only in 2 cities blocking/attacking/surrounding few locations ? 
  again , that 's usually enough . 
  the 1981 coup only took madrid and balencia here . 
  the successful 1923 one took even less ground , only barcelona !, 
  i guess he could resign just a few months after he was crowned , like some british king did in the 1930s ? 
  ( ca n't remember the name ), 
  actually , the last time we had a `` leave '' something referendum ( [ leaving nato in 1986 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_nato_membership_referendum,_1986 ) ) , the results were the opposite xd the places with strong `` nationalist '' movements ( not necesarily pro-independence though ) , opted for leave ( canary islands , catalonia , basque country , navarra ) , while the rest of the country opted for staying : https://www.electoralgeography.com/new/en/wp-content/gallery/spain1986r/1986-spain-referendum-nato.gif, 
  actually , if scotland breaks off illegally , spain has said they will block their entry in the eu no matter what . 
  they wo n't block an independent scotland that has gone through the regular process ( probably a 10 year long process ) and that has the blessing of the uk for their independence though . 
  if you asked any spaniard what iberia is , they 'd most likely answer the airline .
