  most galicians and portuguese have little trouble speaking . 
  i 'm not that sure about catalan and french though . 
  then there 's basque , which no one understands xd, 
  what about the census ? 
  well , it depends on how you count it . 
  i started german on year 3 or 4 ; but up until year 7 we basically learnt nothing other than : hallo !, 
  ich heisse x. and the number from 1-12 ( we could n't even conjugate the present simple xd ) . 
  our school taught us french ( where we learned more and faster , probably because it was more similar to spanish ) and german ( and english ; but that one was mandatory and we started it at year 1 , and we had a much bigger level of english than either of the other 2 ) at year 8 you had to pick either french or german though . 
  however , i changed schools to another school and they only offered german ( at a much higer level than i had ) , so i had to catch up . 
  eventually i did and i am fluent in german and english . 
  so , depending on whether you count the initial years or not , either 9 or 5 years . 
  you can probably become fluent in slighly less from scratch though , if you put in some effort ( i guess 4 years ? ), 
  keep in mind i attended a private school . 
  pretty much everyone that attends a public one learns a minimal level of english and if they are lucky , couple words in french ( it 's not compoulsory from year 11 onward ), 
  i speak spanish , english and german fluently . 
  i guess i 'd like to learn french , but that 's it, 
  i never understood why people have to register to vote anyways . 
  should n't it be an automatical process anyways ? 
  ( unless you are abroad or want to vote by mail ), 
  is this for all british ? 
  or just those abroad ? 
  ( not like i 'll vote anyways , just curious ), 
  not to mention ireland and malta will stay in the eu anyways, 
  especially if it 's done the old way xd ( with each country giving the 1-7 points individually , not as a block ), 
  definitely . 
  at least it would be much more recognizable . 
  also , ca n't you send a video and add text on the same post ????? 
  ok , my top 5 are : munich seoul stuttgart vienna berlin 3/5 in germany lol . 
  i would n't mind moving to those cities really ; they seem pretty nice places to live in . 
  30 points , and just picked like : yeah , this guy is definitely ( insert nationality ), 
  for some reason i have a fondness for german 1 and 2 euro coins . 
  as for my own country , probably none seeing that the possibilities are : - some cathedral ( why did we put this ?? ), 
  for 1 2 and 5 cent coins - an small cervantes figure for 10 , 20 and 50 cent coins - the king for 1 and 2 euro coins . 
  were i forced to choose , i guess i 'd probably go with the king really . 
  edit : just looked at some designs . 
  the greek coins are absolutely awesome in my opinion :d probably the best design by far . 
  also , shame on those that put the same pic on all coins, 
  sounds an awful lot like the spanish popular party ( rajoy ) , which in fact has never run primaries iirc ( their leaders were appointed by their predecessors ) oddly enough , our spd equivalent ( the socialit psoe ) is probably the party that runs the fairest and closest primaries . 
  not like their leader does n't silence the opposition , but at least the opposition seems louder to me, 
  i 'm actually from there too :d i actually remember that when catalonia forbid bullfighting people i knew were saying : damn catalans . 
  they just do it for independence/nationalism . 
  we did that in the 80s and no one cared , but now that catalonia does it everyone cares xd, 
  to be fair , many people say that in spain about franco too , especially old people . 
  though he probably was a million times better than hitler, 
  iirc , those were the first eu referendums prior to getting in ? 
  i think the uk did one in the 70s , but iirc they were already in and the question was not `` entering/not entering '' , but `` reamain/leave '' ( like now xd ) as for my country , other than the 2004-ish european constitution referendum ( which passed , but got abysmal turnout , and was useless in the end anyways ) , i do n't think we 've ever had any referendums about the eu at all . 
  we did have one on nato in the 80s though ( we had already entered , so the question was remain/leave ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_nato_membership_referendum,_1986 oddly enough , while the country overall voted remain , the most nationalistic regions ( canary islands , catalonia , basque country , navarre ) , voted leave . 
  ( plus the 2 african cities , but they are n't in nato technically anyways ) . 
  that was sort of like a reverse uk i guess ( iirc is n't scotland pro-remain and england pro-leave ? ), 
  nah , that happens often in the us ( for different reasons ) and nothing happens, 
  maybe they refer to the us meaning ? 
  ( where liberals are leftists ), 
  ceda vs popular front because that turned out so well the first time : /, 
  the anwer was 288 . 
  ( spaniards will understand why ), 
  i guess guerrilla warfare a la farc/cuban revolution/vietnam , but that probably would n't work for isis . 
  to be fair , the numbers i posted only refer to madrid/barcelona/whatever municipalities . 
  if you take madrid the province instead ( which includes almost all the suburbs and even quite a bit of countryside ) it jumps to something like 13 % of spain 's population ( roughly 1 in 8 ), 
  so , for a whopping 3 years chechnyans were free ? 
  for all what 's worth , at least here madrid is only 2x larger than barcelona , 4x larger than valencia , 4.5 x larger than seville or 4.8 x larger than zaragoza . 
  i 'd say the uk 's population is quite concentrated in london . 
  i remember seeing that in class way back on the day . 
  for rural areas you can either have concentrated settlements ( large village with fields around it ) , dispersed settlements ( each field has a house , houses are far apart from each other and the town itself is very small ) or a mix ( medium town with fields around and some houses but not as many as fields ), 
   note : in eu law one separates between funding treaties and amending treaties . 
  the treaty of lisbon was an amending treaty . 
  the sources you want to look into are actually the teu and tfeu as modified by the treaty of lisbon . 
  i thought the lisbon treaty was going to end that ? 
  or was that the failed european constitution ? 
  oh , sure , selling it is the hard part . 
  either they say they 'll fake the forms ( which means the eu might veto ) , or they say they 'll join the euro . 
  i guess something like `` we 'll join the euro when it works , but it clearly does n't now , just look at greece '' might be good enough wording ? 
  not to mention that the green party is the party of european regionalists like the snp , catalonia 's erc , the basque country 's bildu , etc, 
   would scotland need to promise to join the euro ? 
  yes , but they could pull the `` sweden solution '' and just never fulfill the requirements  would they need to show they have stable institutions after leaving the uk ? 
  if so , for how long ? 
  probably , but not for too long . 
  spain became a democracy in 1977 and joined in 1986 , only 9 years later . 
  scotland has had devolved powers for what , 18 years ? 
  as long as they demonstrate that the holyrood parliament is democratic and stable , it should n't be an issue  would they avoid ever leaving the single market in the first place ? 
  probably not , though it 'd depend on the specifics and when they leave the uk . 
  if they leave after brexit is effective , then yes , they 'll leave the single market . 
  if they leave the uk before that , they might be able to reach a separate deal with the eu ( say , scotland remains in the eea while the uk leaves completely ) , but spain might veto that  would they need to join schengen ? 
  probably , thought the eu might give them an opt out due to their relation with the uk plus the fact that they do n't have any land borders with the rest of the eu or something . 
  not likely though . 
  alternatively they might be able to do something similar to the euro . 
  cyprus , romania and bulgaria are not in schengen for a variety of reasons . 
  same thing might happen to scotland . 
  yeah , any country that fulfills all the requirements would be welcomed . 
  http://www.elplural.com/2014/10/21/la-proclama-de-pablo-iglesias-no-ser-de-derechas-ni-de-izquierdas-tiene-antecedentes-muy-variados but to be fair it was only very early on . 
  after that everyone knew they were left wing . 
  could n't germany just have a minority cdu government , that searches for support on either the greens or the spd depending on the issue ? 
  ( like we use to do ), 
  to be fair , podemos is defintely not an established party , at least not in 2015 and 2016 ( maybe more so now ) . 
  they did have a very clear and long running `` predecessor '' though with which they actually fused , the united left ( desdendant of the spanish communist party ), 
  tbh so did podemos early on , but they eventually settled down on just being far left . 
  i had expected m5s to do the same and become `` italian podemos '' but apparently not . 
  would n't that be le pen ? 
  i guess fillon ( and hamon but he is not getting elected ) could also work with parliament . 
  i mean the `` not give them a country '' part .
