  kind of makes me glad our anthem is lyricless  less chances for confusion , even if it still happens a lot, 
  alternatively just remove the lyrics like we did, 
  kind of reminds me of when people either play the francoist version of our anthem ( same as current , but with lyrics ) or the one from the 2nd republic ( completely different ), 
  i usually eat at 2-3 here in the canary islands . 
  coincidentally , that 's when news start here as well xd, 
  to be fair , saying someone 's mum makes the best gambas is not * that * weird . 
  gambas are the spanish name for shrimps , so it can pass depending on circumstances, 
  kind of reminds me of this gif for us https://laifr.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/imperio.gif, 
  well , they are not * more * dangerous than similar plants in europe . 
  it 's just that they are incredibly old ( all of them were built in the 80s ) , which is what makes them pretty dangerous . 
  if they were modern they 'd be much better , but no party seems to propose to build new nuclear plants to replace the old ones . 
  we spaniards live mostly in appartment blocks so our cities are a lot more compact than everywhere else . 
  yeah . 
  just look at madrid for example . 
  deep red where the city is , but right as you get outside population density drops off a cliff as the city abruptly ends . 
  maybe not as drastic as that , but yeah , spaniards mostly live in appartment blocks instead of houses . 
  iirc only some post soviet countries compare . 
  i guess german , swedish or another germanic language would be a good enough comparison ? 
  then again , the relations are much weaker there than with romance languages , which are at least partially intelligible among them . 
  source ? 
  looking at the primaries from 2014 , i 'm still baffled zapatero was considered a serious candidate  . , 
  everyone knows georgia is just a us state :p ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  nah , more like lower poland :p, 
  so , if we are old mexico , then standard mexico is new mexico ; what would new mexico be ? 
  new new mexico ? 
  newer mexico ? 
  yeah . 
  even going by the most strict definitions of europe , there 's still a part of turkey in europe ( istanbul and anything to the west of that ) russia ( the urals ) and turkey ( maybe istanbul , but most likely the full country depending on definition ) are the limits of europe imo . 
  would you not have visited northern ireland in the 90s ? 
  or better yet , the basque country before 2011 ? 
  well , we hav ofte had such a party , if a bit small or irrelevant except early on . 
  we technically had that third wheel centrist party ruling in spain early on our democracy . 
  the union of the democratic centre led by suarez was in control between 1977 and 1982 , when it collapsed as there was n't that much uniting the different factions . 
  even then centrist parties have had quite a bit of success here at the regional level . 
  after ucd collapsed former pm suarez created the democratic and social centre , which is thus far the only third party alonside podemos to ever win a province in a general election ( narrowly winning suarez 's home province of \u00c1vila in 1986 ) . 
  they also got one governor in the canary islands , where a nationalist spiritual successor ( cc ) has held the governorship there ever since . 
  the national party collapsed in the early 90s though . 
  after that there was a period without centrism ( barring the canary island nationalists from cc or jesus gil , our own populist trump ) between the early 90s and 2008 , until a small centrist party , upyd led by a former psoe mp ( rosa diez ) got seats in parliament . 
  they did n't do anything of importance though . 
  finally , nowadays there 's ciudadanos , which while it has had less outright wins than the cds back on the day ( no important mayors , governors or constituency wins ) , they are the 2nd largest force in catalonia 's regional assembly . 
  but yeah , all of them collapsed eventually since it is very hard to differentiate yourself from the larger centre left and centre right parties . 
  / r/floridaman coming soon to lithuania xd, 
  spain can into irrelevance ( not like we are relevant in the eu anyways , even though we are the soon to be 4th largest country ), 
  not really . 
  from democracy to eu membership it 's probably 10-12 years at least , using us and portugal as reference . 
  likely more as the eec in the mid 80s was much less powerful than today 's eu, 
  it 's not . 
  closest thing i guess is something like us , and for us it only lasted like 2-3 years, 
  21.1 gigawatts is plenty to go back in time though :p, 
  interestingly , the largest spain subreddit is not / r/es or / r/spain but / r/podemos , from the political party  .  it 's actually that party 's official subreddit so most users there do n't use the english parts of reddit . 
  they use reddit for party communication and the like . 
  yeah . 
  maybe tied to the british pound or euro at first ( or both ), 
  spain here , and : yes , though the 2 parties ( plus 2 or 3 nationalist ones ) being roughly the same size is something new . 
  normally you 'd have the psoe with somewhere around 130-180 seats and iu ( formerly the communist party ) with somewhere between 2 and 20 seats . 
  nationally , not really . 
  more like confidence agreements ( ie will support in important votes , but that 's it ) . 
  at the regional and local levels psoe-podemos coalitions are very common though ( madrid 's town hall comes to mind ) no , at least not here . 
  we do n't have a `` green party '' to begin with , as it seems most of their policies have been absorved by podemos . 
  i guess there 's pacma ( animalist party against the mistreatment of animals ) , which is the largest party without representation , at 1.2 % of the vote ; but they are mostly a joke . 
  this is just the twitter guy though ( he is incredibly hilarious , to the point where tge spanish policia nacional is the number 1 police force in twitter ) . 
  everyone else is your standard policeman . 
   legality is n't the question here . 
  many laws can be changed if there is a will for it ( for example , that time pp and psoe changed the consititution all by themselves without asking the spanish people ) . 
  ok , here 's the relevant part of the constitution : ** article 167 ** 1 . 
  bills on constitutional amendment must be approved by a majority of three-fifths of the members of each house . 
  if there is no agreement between the houses , an effort to reach it shall be made by setting up a joint commission of deputies and senators which shall submit a text to be voted on by the congress and the senate . 
  if approval is not obtained by means of the procedure outlined in the foregoing clause , and provided that the text has been passed by an absolute majority of the members of the senate , congress may pass the amendment by a two-thirds vote in favour . 
  once the amendment has been passed by the cortes generales , it shall be submitted to ratification by referendum , if so requested by one tenth of the members of either house within fifteen days after its passage . 
  notice point 3 . 
  at the time ( august 2011 ) , pp+psoe controlled 323/350 congressmen and ( counting the psc 's part of the `` entesa catalana '' ) 239/264 senators . 
  that 's more than 90 % of both chambers so a referendum was not necessary ( though it was apparently really close in the senate out of all places xd )  if if the spanish parties wanted to solve this problem democratically , they could as they did before . 
  the question here is , why are they holding against a referendum that would solve once and for all this question ? 
  except they ca n't do that legally . 
  there are 2 options in my opinion : * reforming ( or outright rewritting from scratch ) the constitution via the elaborate reform process , somehow convincing pp and cs to vote in favour of adding some process to allow autonomies to become independent . 
  * a non binding referendum that would n't solve much other than adding pressure for the first option if the result was yes . 
  getting around the spanish constitution is the point ( in theory a psoe+p odemos + erc+pdec at could force one even without taking down rajoy ; just by passing a law ) . 
  of course a yes vote would leave us in a worse position , but it 'd likely force pp and cs to `` follow the will of the people '' the alternative is convincing pp , cs and psoe to do a huge reform of the constitution authorizing for communities ( most likely states in the us sense after the reform ) to leave if they so choose . 
  that reform would be voted upon by all of spain btw , not just catalonia . 
  at that point we might as well rewrite the constitution from scratch like in 1978 . 
  what about voting fdp ? 
  we already have that for all spanish communities . 
  the uk equivalent would have been all the devolution referendums succeeding ; not just in scotland/wales/ni , but also england 's regions, 
  precisely because spain is a democracy . 
  a non binding referendum would be fine , and so would a constitutional reform voted upon by all of spain , but what catalonia 's government is asking for ca n't be provided, 
  would spd+a fd work ? 
  to be fair , it pales in comparison to what the us get . 
  here for example the closest thing to gerrymandering is `` provinces '' being used as constituencies instead of autonomous communities ( basically our `` states '' ) . 
  also sparsely populated provinces get more seats than say , madrid or barcelona . 
  i think it 'd look less like actual civil war and more like the ira or eta times 10000 . 
  probably more comparable to the colombian farc or the mexican cartels , though most of the `` no go radical islamic zones '' are in cities , not in the colombian jungle , so guerrilla warfare is much harder . 
  an actual isis ( or something like that ) holding actual territory in europe with frontlines and all seems impossible to me . 
  most european countries have small militaries , but they should be more than enough to stop a bunch of terrorists with ak 47s and suicide bomb vests if civilian casualties are n't that big of an issue as in actual wars . 
  you have been banned from / r/pyongyang, 
  tbh , even merkel would be a better choice than the afd, 
  any chance she wins the parliamentary election ? 
  ( and possibly becomes prime minister instead of president ), 
  alternatively , spain can veto it as well ( though it 'd look terrible in the eyes of spaniards if it we realized it , but 90 % of people think of the eu as `` those guys in brussels who sometimes ask us to pay the debt back '' so i 'm not too sure about that ) . 
  our party in government is pretty corrupt . 
  ( not quite romanian levels thankfully , but still ),
