   if britain had just given us our fair share of seats in westminister & agreed to a federal arrangement for autonomy , than the british empire would probably still be around right now . 
  to be fair , if britain had done that , you 'd have seen a `` british war of independence '' instead . 
  the us outmatched britain in population in what , the 1830s ? 
  on the other hand , had everyone stuck , a hypothetical canadian-american-british empire would be an inmensely powerful country . 
  time to do so was 2014 , next chance is 2019 . 
  though i 'm not sure who his rival will be , and the current `` eu governing coalition '' ( centre-right + centre-left + liberals ) will probably be the same , though maybe with the centre-left on top instead . 
  for 2014 that 'd have meant schulz instead of juncker . 
  hell , if we can terraform mars , should n't we `` terraform '' earth first ? 
  ( ie get rid of excess co2 , returning it to the pre-industrial 280ppm ) do n't run before you can walk and that ? 
  how much do inmigrants skew that statistic ? 
  [ friendship ended with europe . 
  now russia is my best friend ] ( http://imgur.com/itjocbo ), 
  could the tories have broken their pledge ? 
  it 's not like politicians are known precisely for keeping their promises . 
  does the eu have to unanimously agree on the deal ? 
  or is a qualified majority enough ? 
  not really . 
  iirc i saw an article talking about that and the fastest a country could join in would probably be 5 years assuming everything goes flawlessly ( iceland , scotland , norway are the only ones that could join that fast though ) . 
  plus you need to add a period for scotland to split from the uk . 
  if that all happens i 'd say the timeline would be : -2019 : brexit ends -2020 : uk general election -2021 : 2nd indy ref -2022 : scotland is finally independent . 
  -2023 : eu approves scotland 's bid -2028 : scotland enters the eu . 
  just in time for montenegro ( and possibly serbia as well , idk ) to join alongside scotland !, 
   it seems that left wing purists are a side effect of far right populism . 
  not at all . 
  here in spain we have 0 far right populist ( closest thing was vox , which came within 20 000 votes of getting a seat in the 2014 eu parliament election , but has fallen to 0.2 % of the popular vote since ) . 
  however , we do have a large amount of left wing purists . 
  most of them are in podemos , but some are still in the psoe , led by former secretary general ( 2014-2016 ) pedro sanchez . 
  have n't there been elections to the european parliament since the late 70s though ? 
  [ do n't forget , you 're here forever ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/b7bf4d1d2e1c2124711c69c6c4d9a3b9.png ) ^ ^ mostly ^ ^ / s, 
  while the wording is n't great i do agree mostly . 
  i think the time for a 2nd eu referendum should be after brexit is 100 % done , ie in 2020 ( probably not that year as i think the uk has a general election , so more like 2021 ), 
  what if may and the house of commons do n't allow a referendum ? 
  can sturgeon pull a unilateral but non binding referendum ? 
  ( basically an elaborate poll i guess ), 
  could n't the welsh just massively vote for their nationalist party just like scots do for the snp ? 
   this makes me ask , what is europe to the united kingdom ? 
  what was in it for us ? 
  the answer is just a single market . 
  then why not join the eea ( like norway or iceland ) instead of going `` hard brexit '' ? 
  maybe ni can keep the same degree of autonomy it has , just inside ireland instead of the uk ? 
  so that 's where the `` finnish people going to estonia for alcohol '' meme comes from ? 
  well , catalonia is a lot more integrated into spain than the uk was in the eu and they still want to leave with all its consecuences . 
  yeah . 
  most people here feel equally from their region as from spain ( in general , some places feel only spanish and others only catalan/basque/whatever ) . 
  ca n't see why the same would not apply to europe, 
  to be fair i guess it 's an issue of bad timing . 
  romania & bulgaria joined in 07 . 
  7 years after that was 2014 . 
  shortly after that the refugee crisis happened , so they were definitely not joining while that was happening . 
  i 'd say romania and bulgaria should be accepted by the end of this year though . 
  why are most of them german cities ? 
  i think only strasbourg , luxenbourg city , vienna and copenhagen were not german, 
  thought linke would be purple instead ? 
  kind of reminds me of how pp won votes between december 2015 and june 2016 precisely to avoid a left wing psoe+p odemos coalition . 
  guess same thing will happen in germany, 
  technically france as i think the french empire was still going ( i think algeria was part of the eec briefly ) . 
  huge technicality though . 
   the countries where they come from barely have a functioning government , so it 's unclear what we could threaten them with . 
  considering those countries have no government ca n't migrants simply be smuggled back ? 
  it 's not like there 's any government that can retaliate, 
  yeah . 
  then again i thought tusk 's role was mostly ceremonial ? 
  ( kind of like kings and queens all over europe ), 
   52 % in the highest turnout for any democratic process in british history is quite something . 
  did n't the scottish referendum have higher turnout ? 
  not a us invasion obviously xd a russian one would be likelier but still probably not happening . 
  i mean confront as in lithuania ( or other small countries ) not becoming american/chinese/whatever puppets that have to do what their masters say for the most part . 
   most popular erasmus destination  highest droput rate almost seems like a contradiction xd, 
  why is blair not praised ? 
  did n't he win 2 landslides ? 
  is it because of irak ? 
  ( while bush also is n't praised for that there * is * a lot of people that praise aznar here , even if they all recognize that the war was a mistake ), 
   the eu is going to be responsible for the dissolution of millennia old countries via open border migration except i thought outside borders were a resposability of each country ? 
  i mean , if the argument were `` poles/hungarians/romanians / etc are invading our country !!! 1 !! '', 
  it would be valid , but for muslims it does not apply, 
  yeah , i do agree that was stupid . 
  however , most eu countries * would * become subject to larger global powers . 
  how could say , luxenbourg , lithuania , malta or hell , even larger countries like denmark or sweden confront the us or china ? 
   however there 's no guarantee the european nations will do so . 
  other than maybe , * maybe * belgium splitting and maybe , * maybe * spain falling into a yugoslavia/czecoslovakia style split , and maybe , * maybe * the uk being reduced to england + wales what other european nations would collapse ? 
  last time i checked , the absolute rock bottom for the eu was its membership being reduced by half . 
  the countries i ca n't see ever leaving the eu even if it was ran by literally hitler are : * spain * romania * belgium * portugal * croatia * lithuania * slovenia * latvia * estonia * cyprus * luxenbourg * malta interestingly , it 's the small eu states that like the eu the most !, 
  i will admit an eu reduced to just these countries would inmediately collapse though , but it 's still a sizable amount of countries ( albeit not as much of population since the only large eu country is spain ) . 
  yeah , i think only gibraltar voted on the referendum because of that reason ? 
  fuerteventura can not into wine apparently . 
  5.0 4.9 according to some is a fail :p, 
   a controversial campaign organized by spain 's ultraconservative catholic group hazte o\u00edr ( make yourself heard ) has now been taken to the streets of new york where it is testing the tolerance of what is arguably the most liberal city in the united states . 
   `` here we are , chelsea clinton , '' said campaign organizers after the daughter of bill and hillary clinton tweeted : `` please do n't bring these buses to the u.s. ( or anywhere ) . ''  the original message spelled out on a bright orange bus in madrid in early march read : `` boys have penises . 
  girls have vulvas . 
  do n't let them fool you . 
  if you were born a man , you 're a man . 
  if you 're a woman , you will continue to be one . ''  hazte o\u00edr is portraying its campaign as a freedom of speech issue . 
  but it has been widely viewed as a response to an earlier awareness drive by a support group for transgender children . 
  this group had run advertisements in bus shelters and metro stations in northern spain with the slogan `` there are girls with penises and boys with vulvas . '' an anonymous new york donor funded that campaign . 
   the hazte o\u00edr bus was immediately impounded by authorities in madrid . 
  the group returned with a motor home and a slightly altered message : `` do boys have penises ? 
  do girls have vulvas ? '' after a madrid judge said that the bus would not be allowed on the city 's streets as long as it continued to bear the original wording , which might constitute hate speech . 
   later still , another bus was commissioned to tour other spanish cities . 
  in pamplona , on march 21 , protesters hurled stones and eggs at the passing vehicle . 
  one of the demonstrators was reportedly injured as she attempted to stop the bus .
