  yeah , i do n't get that . 
  i get an argument as for why illegal inmigrants might be denied schooling ( though if you are going to deny them that , you 'd better deport them ) , but why should legal inmigrants be denied public schooling ? 
  that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  if i were to go to work on france with my children , why should i pay for their education on a public school even though i pay french taxes ? 
  maybe the french left will prefer racism over cuts ? 
  ( unlikely , but still ), 
  well , there are eu parties in opposition as well . 
  they are fringier as you said though . 
  but the thing is that there 's no viable alternative to a `` great coalition '' in the eu parliament . 
  ( i 'll admit the liberals are redundant though ) here 's it 's current composition : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament you need 376 meps for a majority . 
  * a left wing coalition ( liberals + centre-left socialists + greens + far left ) only gets you to 360 . 
  * a right wing one ( epp+ecr+alde ) gives you 358 . 
  now what ? 
  even these coalitions are already pushing it . 
  you 'd need either almost all non inscrits ( most of which are against the eu anyways ) , or the support of another group , but the only ones left are enf ( aka le pen & co ) or efdd ( aka farage & co ) . 
  can you imagine farage as part of the eu commission ? 
  that 's just the result of the election in 2014 . 
  there was a very hung parliament . 
  ( not unlike say , us 6 months ago ), 
   when you have the conservatives and labour working together in parliament to support all the initiatives by the prime minister , that seems to me a free ride for the executive as opposed to having just the conservatives supporting all initiatives of the prime minister ? 
  the eu parliament , and most national ones work not unlike the uk one did between 2010 and 2015 ( ie a coalition ) . 
  best thing you do tbh, 
  who should a centre-left german vote for in your opinion then ? 
  worst of all , my region ( canary islands ) did the worst nationally . 
  double :( top 3 were castille-leon , madrid and navarra bottom 3 were extremadura , andaluc\u00eda and the canary islands, 
  i think the deport all inmigrants one is more like deport all illegal inmigrants . 
  spaniard here , can confirm, 
  jordi pujol does not approve of this ( for those who do n't know , he is the former governor of catalonia ( 1980-2003 ) and he used andorra as a tax heaven . 
  he is currently being judged for that and corruption ), 
  fine , but are n't there countries culturally and physically closer to somalia you ( or your family i guess ) could have gone to ? 
  i have nothing against inmigrants who integrate well , but those who do n't maybe should rethink if they want to stay if they do n't want to change their mind . 
  the uk should n't change for them . 
  do n't worry . 
  we all fellow humans can talk at a robot free environment in / r/totallynotrobots there we can discuss human matter in a robot free space . 
  i 'm spanish xd i 'm pretty sure van der bellen was n't corrupt . 
  well , at least austria survived : / we also did n't do so bad . 
  we went with the corrupt politician we already knew instead of the populist we had n't tried yet . 
  oh , so m5s has the same attitude towards the eu as podemos has here towards catalonia ? 
  ( ie we want a referendum , but we want to remain ), 
  yeah , for establishment centre-left the largest is the czech republic , closely followed by portugal . 
  meh , i have a reminder set for 2316 . 
  i wo n't even be there in 300 years xd, 
  yeah , i remember when a map showed trump would win if only men voted ( yes , he won regardless ; but that was not known at the time ) and a hashtag asking to remove women 's right to vote was trending topic . 
  yeah , at the moment the largest eu country with a left wing government is greece ( with alexis tsipras ) . 
  here 's a list of the eu council ( ie mostly heads of government ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_council#members, 
  well , we held an election last december and the end result was that we had to vote again in june : /, 
  i mean the totalitarian , oppressive kind that is plaguing the uk , spanish conservatives are pretty ok . sure , but barely . 
  did you already forget 2011-2015 ? 
  yeah , that 's what they are , but pp+c s still is n't a majority . 
  they need either regionalist parties or the centre-left psoe to pass laws . 
  even worse , if renzi resigns and m5s gets into power , all big eu countries will be controlled by right wing or centrist governments . 
  merkel in germany , may in the uk ( until they leave ) , m5s in italy , fillon/le pen in france ( whoever wins ) ; rajoy in spain and pis in poland . 
  if we keep going down , romania is ruled by an independent , the netherlands by centre-right liberals and belgium by liberals . 
  you 'd have to go all the way down to greece ( country number 10/28 ) to find a left wing government . 
  most operators already work in an international basis . 
  vodafone and orange are present almost everywhere . 
  same goes for o2 and movistar , which are the same company . 
  minor operators are usually affiliated with one of the larger ones . 
  they only need to offer a single eu wide offer . 
  [ relevant song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgaqie-9lb4 ), 
  time to post it somewhere else then xd, 
  [ relevant song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgaqie-9lb4 ), 
  yeah , that and that hollywood is the largest movie making industry by a large margin as well ( iirc bollwywood in india is technically larger , but the movies never leave india . 
  american movies do leave the us ), 
  we did that back in 2007 iirc . 
  it was a money sink that barely improved our birth rates . 
  in fact , it was one of the earliest social programs to be cut when the crisis hit us . 
  the best way to encourage babymaking is probably having young people to have a stable job and house from an early age . 
  to be fair , it 's an opinion piece by guy verhofstadt ( former pm of belgium and leader of the liberal alde in the eu parliament ) . 
  it 's not factual news . 
   the hufflepuff post yeah , i 'm a bigger fan of the gryffindor times :|, 
  on the flip side , there 's a large avenue named `` avenue of kansas city '' in sevilla . 
  here it is : https://www.google.es/maps/@37.3910009,-5.9733965,3a,75y,291.48h,91.47t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sj_vhfvp_aey_gcvxqiczrq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 apparently both cities are sister cities . 
  there are both left wing and right wing fake news sites . 
  here in spain there 's www.publico.es for the left and www.okdiario.es for the right, 
  well , up until 2010 we had a channel named cnn + over here , but it does n't exist anymore . 
  it was pretty good though . 
  nowadays we only get cnn in english and only in cable/satellite , not free ota tv, 
  did n't india and pakistan go to war in the 90s iirc ? 
   the us , on the other hand , with their own sovereign currencies , can always meet any usd denominated expenditure at any time as long as the congress votes for it . 
  sure , they 'd just end like current day venezuela or 1920s germany if they decide to pay their debts by printing money . 
  yeah , back in the 00s we had lots of crappy rafts trying to reach spain through the gibraltar strech or the canary islands . 
  when unemployment rose we stopped receiving them , but i think we are seeing a small increase again : /, 
  so , for an itexit you 'd need 2 referendums ? 
  one to change the constitution and another to actually leave ? 
  300 years, 
  i got my data from wikipedia ( shameful , i know , but it seems to be a good source . 
  i double checked with some news agencies for some communities to be sure , but not all ) and made the map with ms paint xd most of the results can be seen here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_regional_elections,_2015 and there 's actually a nicer looking map there , but it gives less information ( does n't show the investiture votes ) and it does n't blend all nationalist parties like i did . 
  also keep in mind that the nationalist parties in the canary islands and cantabria are way more moderate than all others , almost bordering on centrists . 
  ( the prc has nothing to do with say , bildu and it 's more like the party of revilla , and cc 's origins can be traced down to the cds , a centrist party in the 80s led by former pm adolfo suarez ), 
  technically , would n't british fishermen and the like benefit the most from soft brexit ? 
  ( iirc farming and fishing are some of the few exceptions for the efta ; see iceland ), 
  to be fair , if global warming goes that way we wo n't have to worry about fertility rates either xd then again , global warming is a problem that will happen much later . 
  let 's worry about that one first . 
  hell , fertility rates actually have a very easy ( albeit very dictatorial and awful ) solution . 
  just forbid the sale , import and manufacture of anticonceptives ( pills , condoms , etc ) , ban vasectomies and the like and forbid all abortions in all cases ( except maybe danger to the physical health of the mother i guess ) and encourage unsafe sex . 
  that would make birthrates skyrocket , but it 's a terrible idea . 
  wait , is n't ciao for saying goodbye ? 
  at least that 's how it 's used here ( pronounced `` chao '' ), 
  that 's only for people of the opposite gender though .
