  yeah . 
  not only that , but i 've actually seen some ( very very few though ; and all anime from what i 've found , but still ) shows with 3 different catalan dubs !, 
  one for catalonia , one for the valencian community and one for the balearic islands !, 
  here 's an example ( just the opening though ; could n't find entire episodes and even then i doubt i would be allowed to post them ) : [ balearic islands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaulfj109s8 ) [ catalonia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixszl-jnc_s ) [ valencian community ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nw1f7dkmqe ) and of course that 's without mentioning that the basque country and galicia get their own dubs as well xd come to think about it , spain can get a bit ridiculous at times in terms of dubbing . 
  well , we do dub everything as well :p i think france does that too . 
  not only that but , there are a whopping 2 dubs of everything in spanish !, 
  one for spain and one for latin america !, 
   that we have a `` lisp '' for speaking the correct way : s ! = z to be fair , that 's mostly caused by literally every other spanish accent not having that . 
  also related to that , we get a dub for ourselves , while everyone else gets the latin american dub ( normally made in mexico ) xd, 
  for spanish , you can basically understand written italian , portuguese , catalan and galician , and maybe partially french as well . 
  supposedly romanian is also intelligible , but i do n't understand it when i see it : / you can even talk with someone that speaks italian , catalan or galician . 
  portuguese as well , but you 'll have trouble understanding the answer in portuguese . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://what-if.xkcd.com/53/ ), 
  most likely catalonia becoming independent ( or maybe the basque country , though iirc independentism is decreasing there ) . 
  other than that i ca n't see our border changing . 
  gibraltar 's people do n't want to become spanish and ceuta and melilla 's people do n't want to become moroccan ; and the borders with france , portugal and andorra are pretty much fixed right now . 
  iirc we are at the top , or near it in organ donations . 
  i guess more countries should copy us on that regard ? 
  yeah , only 2/17 autonomous communities in spain have forbidden bullfighting , the other being the canary islands in 1990 or so . 
  ( they had nothing to lose though . 
  bullfighting never caught on there and the last fight happened like 5 years before the law was made ), 
  assuming you are a spaniard , i personally think it should be decided in a region by region basis . 
  the canary islands ( in 1990 iirc ) and catalonia ( in 2010 ) have already forbidden bullfighting . 
  it should be decided by the remaining regions whether they want to follow them or not . 
  spain is hereby established as a social and democratic state , subject to the rule of law , which advocates freedom , justice , equality and political pluralism as highest values of its legal system . 
  national sovereignty belongs to the spanish people , from whom all state powers emanate . 
  the political form of the spanish state is the parliamentary monarchy since this is one of the most entrenched articles ( alongside others like fundamental rights or prohibition of secession ) it basically means we are stuck with the monarchy :( ( it can be changed , but the process is incredibly convoluted ) as for the preface , here it is : we , don juan carlos i , king of spain , announce to all those who may have knowledge of this : that the cortes have passed and the spanish people have ratified the following constitution : preamble the spanish nation , desiring to establish justice , liberty , and security , and to promote the wellbeing of all its members , in the exercise of its sovereignty , proclaims its will to : guarantee democratic coexistence within the constitution and the laws , in accordance with a fair economic and social order . 
  consolidate a state of law which ensures the rule of law as the expression of the popular will . 
  protect all spaniards and peoples of spain in the exercise of human rights , of their culture and traditions , languages and institutions . 
  promote the progress of culture and of the economy to ensure a dignified quality of life for all . 
  establish an advanced democratic society , and cooperate in the strengthening of peaceful relations and effective cooperation among all the peoples of the earth . 
  therefore , the cortes pass and the spanish people ratifies the following spanish constitution, 
  pretty much nonexistent . 
  most spanish students just stay with their parents and conmute daily to their local university . 
  the closest you 'll get are `` student residences '' which are often near universities and are basically where students live and sometimes hold parties and stuff . 
  they love pranking new students , but that 's the only tradition . 
  they are also intended for students from other towns . 
  plus , i think most students only stay there for one or 2 years , before switching to a shared room , but on an actual appartment . 
  as dumb as trump 's inmigration policy sounds , he is totally right that it inmigration is way , waaay too high . 
  i 'm guessing they are normal :p ( though that 's probably because i 'm used to it ) salaries are very , very low though . 
  iirc the median wage was like 1200 $ per month ; and the minimum wage is around 700 $ a month ( slightly less than 5 $ a day for a 40 hour workweek ) . 
  insanely high unemployment ( very reciently we went back to under 20 % again ) means employers can afford paying their employees way too little . 
  rent is under average as well , but not as much as the salaries ( the housing bubble lowered prices a lot , but still not enough ) . 
  an small appartment in barcelona or madrid costs like 650 $ a month . 
  an average house in my town ( las palmas , with 400k people ) costs 100k to buy . 
  utilities are for the most part average , but electricity bills are off the charts , mostly due to a lot of corruption between politicians and businesses . 
  me about america ? 
  probably that they were the first to have a democracy ( ancient greece not withstanding ) and iirc they invented the concept of a modern constitution as well ? . 
  that was a huge leap forward to today to be honest . 
  nice things about my country ? 
  no idea really . 
  : / not like we do n't have nice things ( we certainly do ) . 
  it 's just that i thingk it \u00a1 s better to not say overly ignorant stuff instead ( unless it 's honest ignorance , in which case just learn it and go inmediately afterwards to / r/todayilearned :p ), 
  i 'm guessing it 's because they are the heads of state , and as such they are already busy enough with their national matters ; they should n't worry as well about eu laws . 
  though it 's also weird for only the commission ( the closest to an `` eu government '' ) to have that power . 
  that 'd be as if only , say , obama could present bills to the us congress . 
  ideally the eu parliament should be the one with that power . 
  i did n't get to live that era , but from what i hear it was pretty much like crossing , say , the us-canada border . 
  you get out , show your passport , maybe get inspected and leave . 
  though if you want you can still get that experience at the spain-morocco border in ceuta and melilla . 
  maybe in gibraltar as well . 
  and then we switched again to the standard international gauge for the ave high speed trains xd though the different width was n't that big of a deal . 
  i remember taking a barcelona-paris sleeper train when i was a kid and we did n't have to exit the train in the middle of the night . 
  i 'm not sure that was a huge deal . 
  well , first of all , ideally you should n't bring along your dog or cat with you , but rather put it temporally on some sort of shelter , or if you have a friend or something , give it to them temporally . 
  also , you should really try to cut down your luggage to about 30 kg . 
  that way , you 'll be able to ( barely ) fit everything inside a plane and get a cheap flight . 
  a lufthansa flight between lisbon and brno ( with a stopover at munich , de ) will cost you around 270 $ ; and allows you to bring 31 kg ( 8 as carry on and 21 kg in the plane 's storage ) . 
  as another redditor said , driving is quite expensive , at around 350 $ each way . 
  however , if you absolutely must bring that much luggage and your animals it 's pretty much your only choice . 
  actually , that is a terrible idea in my opinion . 
  tastes horribly : /, 
  i 'm going to guess asking for `` french fries '' would be worse xd, 
  ok , go to / pol / in 4chan instead :p, 
  not really . 
  iirc we did see a bit of bartom\u00e9 de las casas and what he did ( we actually saw a movie on the matter ) , but oddly enough that was for a civics class in year 9 , not for history . 
  andorra is probably a ski resort with an independent government , with some tax heavent in order to have some resources on summer xd, 
  to be fair , i 'd rather have swap . 
  gibraltar for both ceuta and melilla . 
  2 tiny cities for the price of one !, 
  the deal of a lifetime !, 
  ( also , i think it 'd be extra hilarious if morocco had one of those islands near britain , like say , jersey or the isle of man ; or maybe a tiny bit of cornwall ), 
  morocco definitely . 
  definitely the most annoying . 
  gibraltar ( just gibraltar , not the uk ) can be annoying at times though , being a tax heaven that hurts the province of c\u00e1diz and their fishermen are very annoying . 
  the average range seems to be from somewhere on the late 90s to today . 
  to be fair , they are all very similar ( all except the croatian one are red ) . 
  though if i had to choose i guess i 'd choose either the portuguese or the swedish one . 
  not really . 
  i can only remember 3 moments where we were taught american history , and they all have to do with the former spanish empire : * on primary school we were taught about the spanish colonization of the americas . 
  columbus , cort\u00e9s , pizarro , the aztecs , mayans , incans and all that stuff . 
  * on year 12 we were taught ( not in much detail though ) how the american colonies got independence from spain . 
  this was not part of the final examination though . 
  * again on year 12 we were taught cuba 's struggle for independence , culminating on the spanish-american war . 
  it also gave a very detailed outlook of the consecuences , both in cuba ( becoming a puppet of the us until fidel castro ) and spain ( huge morale downfall ) this was actually part of the final examination , but most people chose other options since this one was the hardest and most boring . 
  i think we were also taught very slightly the american declaration of independence ( just the declaration , not the war against the uk ) on year 10 ; as part of the struggle for democracy , alongside the french revolution . 
  well , speaking german is recommended to go there ( though the uk was also a popular destination ) to get a sense of scale , since 2011 , 365k ( mostly young ) spaniards have left the country . 
  in fact , traditionally spain has always had more people leaving than coming in . 
  it was n't until the late 90s early 00s that the trend was reversed , but it has gone back to normal now . 
  edit : actually , here 's a ranking of countries for 2014 and 2015 : http://cadenaser.com/ser/2016/06/30/sociedad/1467291925_921527.html oddly enough , the us are in fourth and ecuador of all countries in fifth !,
