  a laptop with similar specs to yours seems to cost around 450 $ , just like yours without the sales . 
  here 's one for 430 $ : https://tiendas.mediamarkt.es/p/portatil-lenovo-ideapad-110-15isk-i3-6100u-1347606 it has an slightly older cpu , a lower res screen ( 768p as opposed to 1080p ) and no ssd ( a 1tb hdd instead ) , but it does have more ram and a dvd drive . 
  finland 's prices seem pretty good to me ; even slightly better than ours actually, 
  you mean standard right or far right ? 
  if it 's the former , then they are very powerful . 
  the pp has the largest amount of seats in parliament and is currently in government . 
  at the regional level they are slightly weaker as they did n't do well in 2015 's regional elections , but they still hold quite a bit of governors ( the most notable ones being madrid and galicia . 
  also murcia , currently under investigation for corruption ) . 
  the far right though ? 
  the most powerful far right party is probably vox , which got 0.2 % of the vote in the last elections , with 22 town councillors ( out of more than 67k ) they were relatively powerful in the last european election , coming very close to getting a seat , but ultimately failing and becoming obscure shortly after . 
  yeah , no place in the country has free college . 
  the tuition costs are a regional matter iirc , so they go ( for a 1st year architecture student just starting ) from catalonia 's 2400 $ to andalucia 's 750 $, 
  data from 2015 and for newborns name ( men ) : hugo name ( women ) : lucia the most common surname is by far garc\u00eda . 
  so , i guess the john smith here is hugo garc\u00eda or luc\u00eda garc\u00eda ? 
  ( they do n't sound right at all though ), 
  here no ( it usually costs around 1500 $ per year ) . 
  however other countries do have free college so you could technically go there if you know the language . 
  yeah , completely agree , though to be fair that town has only 4000 people in it ; though it 's only 11 km away from logro\u00f1o so it could work as some sort of `` suburb '' of that town ? 
  that 's kinda common here . 
  my own home town of las palmas has the neighbouring town of telde for example ( among others ) working as `` suburbs '' , as opposed to the standard endless rows of houses . 
  speaking of which , logro\u00f1o and vitoria ( close to the town you mention ) are probably nice examples as well , with decently high populations ( 152k and 242k respectively ), 
  pretty much it . 
  technically the spanish government could allow for a non binding referendum , but that does n't solve anything ( if anything a yes vote might make things even worse ) . 
  the alternatives is to reform the constitution drastically ( requires huge majorities ; 2/3 of both chambers , new elections , 2/3 of both chambers again and a referendum in all of spain ; plus probably a final extra referendum in catalonia ) . 
  if we were going to do that we might as well rewrite the constitution from scratch . 
  not sure about germany or norway , but assuming you study a 4 year degree , there is kind of a very convoluted loophole for americans to get spanish nationality ( not 100 % sure so you 'd have to ask your local spanish consulate ) : 1 : go to live in puerto rico for a while . 
  apparently it has to be at least [ 1 year ] ( http://estado.pr.gov/en/certification-of-documents-and-filing-regulations/ ) , but it 's best if you ask pr 's government first . 
  2 : get a [ puerto rican citizenship certificate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puerto_rican_citizenship ) this allows you to get spanish citizenship under the conditions latin americans face as opposed to other foreigners , which are more lenient ( no need to revoke your american nationality when you get the spanish one and wait times are vastly reduced ) 3 : go to spain to study at university . 
  you 'll need to speak spanish pretty well for this ( living in pr will help but you still need to practice and stuff ) 4 : live and study in spain for at least 2 years under a study visa 5 : get your spanish nationality . 
  you 'll have to pass a test , demonstrate that you are integrated , etc. 
  the usul 6 : now that you are a spanish citizen , and thus a citizen of the eu , you can go live permanently in germany or norway ( i know it 's not eu but same rule applies ) under the same conditions as spaniards ( basically no visas required to live there and work , but some assistance programs might be limited ) this will take you roughly 4 years in total . 
  also , you should ask all governments involved just in case , i 'm not a lawyer xd, 
  yeah , i agree , no idea as for why you are being downvoted . 
  if you want to pull the eu = us comparison , the uk would probably be comparable to canada in that case , and there 's nothing wrong with that ; canada is a pretty influential country in itself ( actually , the uk would probably have more say than canada but it works for a start ), 
  a lot of those points sound exactly like the system the us has . 
  a senate , a directly-elected president , proportional representation . 
  well , while i 'll gladly take a proper eu senate over whatever the eu council is , a directly elected president would be incredibly controversial , not to mention not the norm in europe . 
   if you look at the uk in google maps , you 'll see enormous suburbs just like in america . 
  the uk 's `` housing crisis '' is simply a situation in which there are too many suburbs and not enough londons . 
  all the major brexit strongholds were suburban cities , while walkable cities like london and bath voted remain . 
  this is no coincidence . 
  marine le pen 's support comes from `` a ring north and east of paris '' - look in google maps : suburbs . 
  damn , looking at it that way kind of makes it obvious as for why we have escaped the wave of populism xd ( spanish cities are incredibly compact ; spain is the number 1 country for people living in flats as opposed to detatched houses ) . 
  we do have suburbs , but even those are pretty compact ( american style detatched houses with a garden and the like are rare , and only really exist in expensive neighbourhoods and the countryside ), 
  well , people here struggle with just english soo ... : /, 
  tbh , other than the uk ( which is leaving regardless ) and ireland , all other eu countries use the same legal system : civil law . 
  that other map has probably the different subtypes ( though i 'm not a lawyer so take this with caution ) https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/map_of_the_legal_systems_of_the_world_%28en%29.png, 
  tbh is n't asturian dead nowadays ? 
  ( definitely not alive like galician , basque or catalan are ), 
  i 'm actually incredibly unhappy , but not for that reason . 
  our laws are mostly fine . 
  the main problem with the spanish legal system is that judges take forever to judge people . 
  seriously , a corruption case that started when i was a kid ( the gurtel case , discovered in 2007 , when i was 9 years old ) is still being judged to this day  .  granted , that was a pretty large corruption case with a ton of people involved , but even smaller cases still take forever , to the point where the accused can die before being judged :(, 
  knowing spain , probably fight a civil war before , then be neutral in the actual world war . 
  very few left , mostly concentrated on asturias and leon in the northwest . 
  they used to vote for leftist parties like iu ( former communists ) and psoe ( social democrats ) . 
  not sure how much they 've moved towards podemos though ( they seem be close to the national average nowadays ), 
  what about just banning the construction of new religious buildings ? 
  ( which would fall under standard zoning and construction laws ), 
  then there 's / r/es which is a glorified news aggregator . 
  also / r/epana which as its name suggests , is portugal 's and the netherlands ' / r/murica ( not to be confused with / r/murcia ), 
  yeah , for fake news you have to go to fringier newspapers , like say , okdiario for the right or p\u00fablico for the left . 
  even those are incredibly mild when compared to something like breitbart or infowars the mainstream media are still mostly accepted , even if everyone knows they are partisan , especially newspapers ( tve and telecinco are still mostly neutral , if a bit sensacionalistic on telecinco 's case ), 
  yeah , except kosovo was actually pretty well supported while catalonia has no allies whatsoever . 
  if they declared independence unilaterally , article 155 would be activated , allowing the central government to take control of the regional government , and maybe arrest the governor and state legislators . 
  if they offer resistance , or the regional police does n't allow the national one to do that , then it 's basically `` tanks in barcelona '' . 
  hopefully not though . 
  yeah , it is political suicide no matter what . 
  the regional government has thrown itself into a corner . 
  either they betray their voters and lose the next elections , or they do go for independence and get arrested for contempt of court and sedition . 
  it will most likely be just a footnote in the news, 
  that 's assuming independentists keep their majority in 2018 or whenever . 
  most polls i 've seen put erc+pdec at + cup below a majority , and a pp+psoe+c iudadanos ( likely leaders ) + podemos unionist government does n't seem reasonable to me . 
  in that case i guess catalonia gets repeated elections like we got nationally last year . 
  first , not all schools have flagpoles . 
  among those which do , most but not all have it , flown alongside the national and regional one . 
  yup and it actually got reinstated !, 
  the absolute madmen !, 
  yeah !, 
  let 's make florida spain again !, 
  autonomy statutes are more comparable to say , state constitutions in the us than the national one . 
  also , all of them are more or less from that time ( late 70s-early 80s ), 
  we did have quite a lot of them before . 
  there was : * the 1931 constitution ( 2nd republic ) ; progressive * the 1876 constitution ( restauraci\u00f3n ) ; conservative * the 1869 constitution ( democratic 6 year term ) ; progressive * 1845 constituion ( isabel ii 's reign ; 2nd constitution ) ; conservative * 1837 constituion ( isabel ii 's reign ; 1st constituion ) ; progressive * 1808 constitution ( cadiz 's cortes ) ; progressive there 's also the 1978 one as you said , which was probably progressive at the time though with the years it has become more and more conservative, 
  not sure how much culture it is ; but their primary systems seems great to me . 
  much better than having party leaders mandate who gets in the lists and who does n't . 
  i would n't copy their general election though . 
  in a more cultural sense , i guess not having to take driving lessons , but instead just having a `` learners permit '' that allows you to drive with your parents , is pretty cool , though it might also lead to higher accident rates ? 
  yeah . 
  we eat them quite a bit here in the canary islands , but i 've never seen them anywhere else : /, 
  maybe the rousillon ( northern catalonia ) did have some significance in signifying spain 's decay after the 30 year war but portugal was spanish for only 50 years or so ; not a huge amount of time compared to the other territories . 
  i 'd put the loss of all other american colonies above those . 
  maybe western sahara as well ( though we definitely were n't keeping it for much longer than 1975 , but the retreat was pretty bad ), 
  the war of 1898 ( or spanish-american war ) shaped the history of spain during most of the early 20th century . 
  probably anything related to the spanish civil war . 
  though that 's barely before ww2, 
  well , i 'm spanish so you got us covered xd for all what 's worth , my region ( canary islands ) technically has an [ anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwmxspxjvn8 ) but it 's not all that common ( i think i 've heard it once or twice , but it was never seen as an anthem ) and pretty bad tbh, 
  ok , i 've only ever voted in 1 election ( june 2016 , was n't eligible to vote before ) , so i 'll speak about the parties i normally consider : * psoe : they have the widespread symptom of compromising too much with the right and basically governing like centrists every time they get power . 
  they are also very corrupt ( almost to pp levels ) . 
  also , all their talk about feminism and inmigration is terrible , but it 's not like the pp or cs are much better in this regard anyways .
