  ~ ~ spain ~ ~ russia is different, 
  probably the best place to be a girl is the best place to be a boy as well : /, 
  so , canada is right now where spain was in like 2000 ? 
  if so , canadians should definitely learn from us and pop their bubbles asap . 
  deflation is insanely easy to fix though . 
  just ask the ecb to print more $ notes . 
  boom , there is your inflation again . 
  should n't americans near the quebec border learn french instead ? 
  that 's kind of weird : /, 
  borell is way to old and has been out of the national political scene for way too long . 
  imo a competent sanchez-like guy with charisma and who can get both the centrists and the leftists would be the ideal choice . 
  i do n't know who that would be though . 
  the psoe does n't really have many charismatic leaders tbh . 
  the president of the `` gestora '' ( fernandez ) would actually be an ok choice if he went more to the left . 
  oh , sure , we just need to make it official and give a bit more power to the autonomous communities . 
   good luck with basque country/navarra giving up his unacceptable privilege in the tax system would n't moving to a fully federal system basically extend their priviledge to the entire country ? 
  it would show them as a bunch of hypocrites if they did n't want to extend their marvelous system to everyone else . 
   or catalonia nationalists accepting that his region is at the same level than castilla la mancha or canarias . 
  same here . 
  they would be huge hypocrites if they want more autonomy for themselves , but not for other regions, 
  espein g\u00fcins at samcing egen * arreglado para t\u00ed ( o apt en resumen ), 
  yes espein !, 
   3rd elections and potential pp victory by landslide key word : ** potential ** . 
  imo the psoe of they did ' t want a deal with podemos they should have pushed for third elections , hoped for a pp+c s absolute majority ( but not a pp alone one ) and prayed that podemos did n't do a * sorpasso * after 4 years cs implodes and they play the `` we were the opposition '' card and win in 2020 . 
   a compromised left coalition would have started talks about turning spain into a federal state . 
  to be fair , is that a bad thing really ? 
  i would actually support fully turning spain into something like `` the united states of spain '', 
  why ? 
  because at least rivera seems competent ? 
  because c 's is at least slightly to the left of the pp ? 
  actually , one of the reasons i voted for the psoe back on the day is because i thought a c 's + psoe+p odemos government was definitely the best option for spain ( if hard to manage ), 
  well , i have no idea about sources in english . 
  el pa\u00eds has an small english section , but they are centrists and for this particular issue they are terrible as they support an abstention . 
  for stuff in spanish i guess you could look at publico.es ( basically a podemos pamphlet ) or eldiario.es ( decent leftist newspaper ), 
  actually , keeping the trueleft ^ tm was the best option for the psoe to survive ( albeit a risky one ) . 
  we go to third elections , if they are lucky , there will still be no sorpasso and pp+c s will get an absolute majority . 
  in 4 years time cs has disappeared , and with the psoe as the leader of the opposition bashing the pp during this next 4 years they get an easy victory in 2020 . 
  now the only way i can see them surviving is if they get a leftist leader and start plotting a no confidence motion against rajoy from day 1 . 
  otherwise , pasok-ification awaits them ( best case scenario is they survive as the prea : partido regionalista extreme\u00f1o-andaluz ), 
  he won in 2008 with more votes anyways , with the economy on the verge of a collapse and no terrorist attacks which also has merit . 
  tbh , i 'd rather have rivera than rajoy as president , no question about that . 
  and this is coming from someone who voted for s\u00e1nchez ( and regretting it now ), 
  as someone put it once , cc is neither left nor tight , they are ust a bunch of mercenaries . 
  they would make a deal with the devil as long as they keep ruling the islands . 
  hell , the psoe won the popular vote in 2015 here in the canary islands , yet they did n't get a majority of seats !, 
   the fact is that our own blair ( gonzalez ) was the only psoe politician who has gotten an absolute majority to be fair , that does n't really have that much merit . 
  there was no way ap ( the pro-franco party at the time , which had only half it 's mps support the constitution ) was going to stop the psoe from getting an absolute majority in 1982 and to a lesser extent 1986 after ucd collapsed . 
  plus , zapatero managed to get 2 terms while making iu the weakest it has ever been !, 
  going to the left is not necessarily a bad thing, 
  well , why ? 
  does n't whoever wins in the second round become president of france ? 
  no it 's not . 
  if you want the most voted party to form a government you need a presidential system like france or the usa . 
  the question is : is that a bad thing ? 
  protectionism strenthens the eu 's internal market and jobs at the cost of higher prices for consumer it 's a question of whether we want jobs , or low prices, 
   a couple of months ago i was down-voted to oblivion in this sub after claiming the eu was becoming an isolationist and protectionist economic block to be fair , this is not a bad thing * per se * . 
  there are just as many reasons to oppose free trade as to support it . 
  yeah , but that is n't the closest to a war against canada . 
  back in 1995 there was an actual '' '' `` war '' '' '' between canada and spain xd https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turbot_war had that escalated and no one helped ( ie it remains canadavspain ; not something closer to euvus ) i keep wondering how it would have looked like . 
  yeah , iirc only suarez ( who remained an mp and kept running for president with his cds ) and out of all people zapatero ( who is now working in venezuela trying to make maduro and the opposition not kill each other ) are the only 2 former prime ministers that never went to an electric company . 
  calvo sotelo as well , but he was prime minister for only 1 year . 
  also rajoy for obvious reasons , but it would not surprise me at all if he was hired by iberdrola/endesa/etc, 
  do you actually know what climate change is ? 
  yeah . 
  they are also prosecuting the people who made the referendum, 
  more like the 2014 catalan referendum , boycotted by unionists : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_self-determination_referendum,_2014, 
  of course we do , since the late 70s iirc . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014 granted , turnout is much lower than in national elections ( 42.5 % ) and pretty much no one takes those elections seriously , but they are elections nontheless . 
  i also have n't personally voted on those since i was not eligible to vote in 2014 ( first election was the june 2016 general one ) also , the last election ( 2014 ) was the first where parties pledged to make the election binding for the election of the president of the eu council ( mr junker ) ; so those are 2 positions roughly as legitimate as say , the uk house of commons and david cameron ( probably not theresa may though ) ; or angela merkel and the german bundestag . 
  to be honest , you seem way more knowledgable about this than me ( i have never taken a course in economics after all ) how would it affect the average eu citizen ? 
  canary islander here , and yeah ; there 's no way the regional government would ever agree to that . 
  though i will admit the famous philosopher unamuno was exiled to fuerteventura in the 1920s . 
  if only 1 % of migrants end up being the next unamuno we 'll have done a fantastic job xd, 
   of course , they 're legitimised by a democratically-elected government . 
  well , the eu parliament is elected democratically : /, 
  to be honest , an small financial transaction tax is probably not a bad idea , and wo n't harm us much . 
  hell , what 's the problem with it ? 
  seeing how tanks have n't gone to barcelona yet , i doubt that . 
  unless scotland unilaterally secedes and tries to do so with force , no way the uk sends troops . 
  do n't forget lmao weed xd, 
  wait , did the german police actually make public who the migrants that helped were ? 
  for all what 's worth here it 's only played for important parades , some sporting events ( the anthem playing king 's cup of football is notably booed whenever it involves fc barcelona ) and that 's it . 
  meh , if catalonia has n't been given any referendums at all , and they still are n't independent ; no way scotland will break the uk . 
  for all what 's worth , civilization developed around the same time in china and india as well , and they are better off than the middle east today . 
  come to think about it , do n't the us have private healthcare which is terribly expensive and can bankrupt you ? 
  ( though quality is good , but not the best ) why is britain following that model ?!, 
  they have one of the best systems in the world , why switch to one of the worst for developed nations ? 
  wait , did n't they have some spare 350 million pounds a week now that were totally going to go there ? 
  wait , do n't bishops serve for life ? 
  if so , at least one of them is an actual monarch . 
  does n't the deficit only matter when joining the euro , not the eu itself though ? 
   the only option for their action is if things get violent or if representatives get fired/arrested over it ( ie scottish mp 's get arrested for treason or something ) that 's already happening in catalonia ( former governor artur mas and speaker of the parliamenf of catalonia carme forcadell are being trialed , among others ) and no one has been violent thankfully . 
  oh , sure , but they will veto both scotland never leaving the eu ( ie becoming independent and staying in the eu ) and unilateral secession as you said . 
  scotland would have to leave the uk , leave the eu ( which they are doing anyways ) then rejoin the eu . 
  not whikle spain remains a member of the eu though . 
  they 've already said they 'll veto scotland entering like that , to avoid precedents for catalonia, 
  oh , if he does n't want lawyers , then he ca n't be forced to have one ( come to think of it , is n't that obstruction of justice ? 
  add one more to his crime count ) i guess his lawyer will just say he has no questions to ask to anyone , and just allow the accusation to proceed . 
  even though he does n't deserve one , that 's still not a fair trial if his lawyer wo n't defend him . 
  hell , just claim he is mad or something !,
