  in the case of milk in schools it is the unit directly dealing with schools , in the case of social security systems there is an argument for eu involvement . 
  highly differing social systems undermine freedom of movement . 
  in any case i support the dutch in this case . 
  a smaller eu for a better europe . 
  the article mentions something interesting : unions willingly agreeing to lower wages to ensure the company 's survival . 
  well , not exactly . 
  at first approximation it is irrelevant if 20 % of what you spend is on taxes when buying stuff or 20 % of what you earn has to be paid in taxes . 
  income tax allows to tax higher incomes harder and to allow lower incomes some degree of tax freedom . 
  i would argue further that lower vat attracts tourists and allows the lowering of transfer payments such as unemployment insurance seeing as basic outcome will be lower with negligible vat . 
  but ultimately someone has to make some kind of simulation what the actual effects would be . 
  or even better do the experiment somehow somewhere . 
  still using google after the nsa scandal ? 
  i never really understood why people like vat so much . 
  it hurts low incomes disproportionally , something i imagined the scandinavian countries would avoid . 
  if there is a seperation between the corporation that owns the rail network and the corporations that own trains the latter can rent the rail for the period of time they are actually using it , kind of similar to how competition in internet services functions where the corporation that actually owns the network just rents out the wire . 
  currently though it is the same corporation that owns the rail and the train . 
  oh , if we are starting like this i propose building in addition to the things you mentioned the bering strait tunnel , a japan-korea tunnel and uniting north and south korea . 
  then you could do an actual world tour including tokyo , seoul , beijing , moscow , new york . 
  sometimes , just sometimes prestige can trump economic benefit . 
  through i am sure that with proper design and long-term such projects can pay off , especially coupled with power lines or oil/gas pipe lines . 
  then again , with proper accounting for carbon emmissions such tunnel projects could be better even in purely economic terms . 
   the presence of eu flags and that they were just as common as the german and american ones . 
  i knew eu flags were present at these sorts of things , but damn , there 's just as many as there are german ones . 
  it 's quite an interesting statement , no ? 
  as far as i know in international relations the eu flag has to be present as often as national flags are except in cases dealing with two eu countries where one eu flag is sufficient , given it is placed between the two national flags . 
  though do n't take my word on it . 
  edit : [ source stating some things and contradicting me in others . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_flag#protocol ), 
  what i would love to see is a gibraltar tunnel or to get more gigantomaniac , a bering strait tunnel . 
  ah , who am i kidding , i love gigantomaniac projects . 
  every other budget is denoted yearly , why is the eu budget not ? 
  for the lazy , this is $ 137bn per year or less than 1 % of eu gdp or 3.6 % of total eu government expenditure . 
  i would like to see some kind of study that estimates the benefits to the parties involved . 
  they are in the efta though which have a fta with canada , something that the eu still has to achieve . 
  india could benefit greatly from the influx of european capital and europe could profit from exports to india , too . 
  this deal might not be as big as the us deal but it will be important in the future nonetheless . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i will have to pick up a econ textbook in the future and actually read it . 
  why would the eggs be valued in dollars if there is nobody willing to buy them ? 
   i do n't understand you at all . 
  what part do n't you understand ? 
   your value increased by 50 % in us and nearly 200 % in japan between 2001 and 2007 . 
  which might be reflection of some defect in my interpretation . 
  you still have to show me the exact defect . 
  i was under the impression that you could be more productive ( meaning higher gdp ) but still spend less because of lower prices . 
  the fact that this ranking is different from the simple ranking of gdp in ppp supports my impression seeing as the function gdp per capita/price index -  gdp per capita / ( price index ) \u00b2 is monotonous . 
  i know gnp but what is aic ? 
  or poland for that matter . 
  i realised it after comparing the extremes . 
  somewhat more representative is the [ gdp per capita in purchase power parity ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/maptoolclosed.do?tab=map&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=de&amp;pcode=tec00114&amp;toolbox=types ) . 
  compare this to [ cost of living in ppp ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/maptoolclosed.do?tab=map&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=de&amp;pcode=tec00120&amp;toolbox=types ) . 
  both statistics are relative to eu27 average . 
  can someone divide those two numbers and plot them on a map ? 
  i 'm not sure what the article is trying to say or predict . 
  in any case , we should increase the number of energy supplying countries to the eu so we have a massively improved nagotiation position . 
  you are kind of proving my point in taking `` americans '' to mean us citizens . 
  absolutely the same as to say `` people from america . '', 
  two million new jobs ? 
  now that sounds nice . 
  with the unemployment crisis going on this could be a boon . 
  of course not . 
  but maybe canada ? 
  a man can dream . 
  for afd policy i recommend [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/de/comments/1ekof5/afd_will_nicht_zur%c3%bcck_zur_dmark/ ) which clears up some misconceptions . 
  afd members are mainly from the fdp and strangely linke . 
  seeing as there is no classical liberal party left in germany ( the fdp is nothing more than a joke ) and the pirate party is quite on the left side of the spectrum i am left with no options . 
  and i certainly wo n't protest by voting npd on the however remote chance that they get seats , ignoring that they would receive subsidies because of my vote . 
  had to read your comment thrice because i was n't sure i read it right . 
  anyhow , i would be very happy about a common labour market or at least a schengen like agreement between the current schengen region and nafta . 
  shhh that goes against the narrative . 
  protectionism is the way to go . 
  after actually reading the article i will have to note a thing or two . 
   europe less reliant on russian gas i ca n't stress enough how important it is for us to diversify our energy supply in europe . 
  we do not have that much ressources so increasing the number of importing countries reduces the negotiating power of any one of them . 
   cheaper drugs do i need to say more about this ? 
  this is almost unconditionally a good thing . 
  very very sad to see the opposition to this free trade deal . 
  just shows the lack in knowledge of basic economics . 
  edit : assuming this deal goes through and the deal with canada does too , we will effectively have a market consisting of over a billion people . 
  i actually was a member of the party for a short while after they were founded and had a giant influx of members . 
  at the beginning it was a really liberal movement in the classical sense but also drew in members from all other parties and subsequently lost most of it 's liberal spirit . 
  maybe i will vote for afd , i do n't know . 
  i have the impression that a lot of redditors take this as an oppurtunity to vent their frustration with the usa or more specifically with it 's less than popular policies like the war on drugs or a policy of foreign intervention . 
  europe and north america are different in mentality and this should be reflected in different policies . 
  europeans are sick of `` american '' wars and want no part of this , at least the europeans on reddit . 
  of course we have both benefited greatly from innovation , science , technology , free trade and culture but the good does not wash away the bad and the ugly . 
  europeans need to learn how to use their money : you get you buy and if that is american products , you get american products . 
  a big advantage i see for the usa i see is a semblance of united identity . 
  you would be hard pressed to find something like that for europe though i like to claim that there is no such thing as national history : any german , french , polish history is only understood as a history of europe , as are their cultures . 
  the current crisis is not helping . 
  that is how i would imagine it . 
  maybe sans english in the world . 
  a european language leads to a sense of european identity which we badly need . 
  regionally though i would like to see languages sprout again like platt or occitan . 
  anyhow , people just seem to love english . 
  i was thinking about renting a norwegian vserver to have an owncloud instance on it or something . 
  does anyone know how the countries in this world rank on data privacy and cooperation with foreign authorities ? 
  i 'm getting better at this karma game . 
  if you do n't mind , what is your opinion on the topic ? 
  ** germany ** water .
