  water everywhere . 
  government did n't do anything for years . 
  who knew you 'd get flooding in a region where floods happen like clockwork ? 
  of course now the government has to pay several billions pushing a balanced budget and the first debt paid off far into the future . 
  in any case it 's a start . 
  as a matter of fact , i did not . 
  but this seems to be only in partnership with parliament , not an official project of it . 
  you do n't mind having a penny less for this , do you ? 
  did n't think so . 
  apply this question an arbitrary amount of times to reach any sum high enough to show you the absurdity of your argument . 
   this form of censorship can also easily applied to political websites and blogs , whose opinions `` are n't suited '' for children or shit like that . 
  and this is the whole point of the protests . 
  first it is extreme pornography , then extremist opinions and ultimately the opposition . 
  time for a vpn connection . 
  ... just so we are on the same page : i agree with you completely , everybody benefits from free trade , the current state hurts everyone except a few . 
  i know the arguments for free trade . 
  but keep in mind that economic assertions are only true in equilibrium , that is in the long run . 
  abrupt abolishment of all trade barriers will hurt local workers eve if in the long run they benefit . 
  yes and no . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diplomatic_immunity ) has a nice article . 
  the gist of it is that in case the immune party has commited a serious crime like murde the home country can waive immunity . 
  but this is only done in cases where it is in the public interest to do so , otherwise the offender will be prosecuted after their mission is over . 
  this is actually almost the same as with members of parliament : as long as they are members and do not commit serious crimes , they will not be prosecuted immediately , but when their term ends . 
  can vote to prosecute immedately however . 
  short version is that there is quite some dispute in the eu and a single country can oppose any major action . 
  direct democracy on eu level could aleviate some of that . 
  oh and flair up !, 
  while we are at it we could slap a pipeline on it and some power cables , too . 
  i wonder why people hate esperanto so desperately . 
  now if we could pull that off in the straight of gibraltar , that would be interesting . 
  of course we do . 
  after all , foreign workers actually profit from that - as opposed to developmental aid - at the expense of some workers here . 
  we ca n't have that since redistribution is only good when it helps the european 99 % , not the global 90 % . 
  so you advocate unilateral , restriction-free trade ? 
  i completely agree . 
    no more dead-end wars in the middle east . 
   that 's a bit more difficult , we ca n't prevent the usa from engaging in silly wars , the most we can do is stay out of those . 
    no more war on drugs . 
   same thing , we ca n't impose our will on them , though we could stop allowing them to impose theirs on us . 
  and we 've been doing that . 
  i think he meant for britain and europe in general . 
    no more nato . 
   we 'll need an eu military then . 
  i 'm sure some countries would rather opt out though i guess that 's fine , it would be their choice . 
  an eu military or at least something akin to nato but not nato . 
    who will join me for this political movement ? 
  i do n't know how it will take form , whether in a slow rise or a sudden revolution . 
  but if you express your feelings on the matter , it 'll certainly help me gauge how people think across the continent . 
  we can unite as one . 
   err . . that 's a bit too much idealism imo . 
  the eu still has pretty stupid shit like its trade barriers , the strasbourg parliament , cap and cfp , among other things , so while issues like these are n't dealt with , it will be quite hard to support the eu . 
  i would love to have an extensive list on the advantages and disadvantages of the eu in it 's current form . 
  the points you mentioned are definitely not a plus . 
  what trade barriers are you thinking of , specifically ? 
  to gauge interest better i post this in a seperate comment . 
  every child in the eu should be taught esperanto ( or some other constructed language like ido or lojban ) and it should be the sole official langage of the eu allowing a level playing field for all participants and allowing europe wide media for topics concerning all europeans . 
  a similar thing is being done in china with standard chinese . 
  i enjoy this proposal and want to support it . 
  i still feel the need to bloat my inbox , receive downvotes and express a few problems . 
  goodbye nato , hello common defence policy - though it is britain and france that are mainly against this as most members want an isolationist policy . 
  goodbye war on drugs , hello european style drug policy - meaning decriminalization and treating it as a health problem , at least in some countries . 
  goodbye foreign spying , hello domestic spying - most governments in europe like to look for their citizens instead of after them . 
  that being said , we need a european identity and more democracy in the eu to reflects the people 's will . 
  europe is not the us , we need to go our own way . 
  highest is italy though with $ 957/h . 
  thank you very much , that is kind . 
  diplomatic missions enjoy immunity from prosecution for the duration of their stay . 
  last time i posted i mentioned that the variance in absolute ceo pay is interesting , too . 
  i want to mention this time that this chart should come in three versions : ordered by lowest ( as is ) , median and ceo pay . 
  the [ eu is in negotiations with a number of regions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) , most notably canada , mercosur ( many south american countries ) and as you said india . 
  talks with the united states are scheduled , we currently only have preliminary talks . 
  oh and we already have an active agreement with mexico . 
  it 's a bot . 
  within seven years , apparently . 
  ultimately a more effective way of developmental assistance : trade . 
  come on france , no culture that has to be paid for by the state has ever survived the tests of time . 
  this deal would mean a lot in integrating our economies leading to cheaper goods for everyone . 
  if the eu states would want a domestic media culture comparable to the usa a common language would be a start . 
  i do n't think the nsa deal has all that much to do with free trade , as / u/mantonization has suggested . 
  excellent . 
  further integration of our economies means cheaper goods for everyone and more cooperation . 
  now i only hope for talks about easing movement of labor , too . 
  nice read . 
  i am happy to see that people can understand some german culture and appreciate the differences in european peoples . 
  you do not have to travel to china to get your beliefs challenged . 
  ultrashort description : bitcoin is a distributed digital currency where the adress the bitcoin tip uses is coupled to your reddit account but you can withdraw the balance any time you want to any address you want . 
  bitcoin itself is completely independent from reddit whereas the bitcoin tip bot uses both technologies for transaction as you saw . 
  for all things / r/bitcoin and / r/bitcointip please refer to the respective subreddits , people are very friendly there . 
  wow !, 
  what tools did you use ? 
  + / u/bitcointip 0.20 eur verify, 
  just noting : recently spiegel wants to unite online and print edition under one editor . 
  as a student i do n't have much , so please forgive the small sum . 
  ~ ~ also , i would love to tip in $ but i ca n't figure out how . ~ ~ ok, 
  + / u/bitcointip $ 0.10 verify, 
  but , but ... capitalism is evil !, 
  this is not a map . 
  what 's interesting too is the variance in ceo pay even in comparable countries , e.g. 
  the scandinavian countries . 
  because wind has the disadvantages of being weather dependent like solar and not possible to build near residential areas because of the noise .
