  every country in this world can change from a regime where profits are taxed to a regime where only dividends are taxed . 
  it makes reinvesting profits much more attractive than it currently is . 
  no tax dumping necessary . 
  the only thing estonia does is to tax capital income once and only once , not twice as many other countries do . 
  does it translate as `` beer canyon '' ? 
  i looked it up , the taxation of dividends is seen as a corporate tax , as the corporation has to pay the tax . 
  however , if an estonian resident is receiving the dividend , he can deduct that from his income tax . 
  as the income and corporate tax rates are identical , there is virtually no taxation of capital , as per the map . 
  and somehow it works for estonia with amazing growth rates . 
  if i bring up similar suggestions in germany ( taxing only dividends , not profits , flat tax , not taxing capital income generated in germany ) i am seen as some kind of imbecile or monster . 
  note that estonia has virtually no taxes on capital . 
  why is that ? 
   tax rates are in proportion to gdp per capita no ? 
  italy , france , belgium and hungary all have higher tax rates than germany but lower gdp per capita . 
  meanwhile ireland , uk and netherlands all have higher gdp per capita than germany but lower taxes . 
  if anything , there is an extremely weak relationship between gdp per capita and tax rate . 
  also the old question still remains : are contributions to social security and health insurance counted as ` tax ' ? 
  because that would increase the german tax rate by quite a margin . 
   or that the entire mediterranean is an economic mess ? 
  that should be rather surprising , as transport by sea is rather cheap and the mediterranean gives access to plenty of cities . 
  it is no coincidence that the roman empire wrapped around this sea in antiquity and did n't move much over land . 
  belgian eid cards are equivalent to estonian eid cards from the technological standpoint , it is the laws that do not allow electronic voting . 
  what we need eu wide is easy access to secure cryptography on the level of eid cards present with estonia , belgium , finland , lithuania , portugal and to some degree in germany and spain . 
  there needs to be a single ip law in the eu and we need union wide equivalents of the estonian eid . 
  it is still way too complicated to sell cross-border , as the article points out , but this way we can take steps to make it easier . 
  what is the difference between an overseas collective like saint martin and an overseas department like mayotte ? 
  did you read the second part of my comment ? 
  i think it is a bias in the data : if you are old , your body starts failing and the mere passing of time means more things are wrong , therefore you are less happy in the first place , regardless of how the economy is doing . 
  the reverse argument is true for young people who gain more freedom and economic opportunities with age . 
  the fact that we are below replacement fertily for quite a while also means that each of these categories will be older on average as fewer enter the age bracket than are leaving it , with the possible exception of the very old , where we see more fluctuation among the countries , roughly in line with life expectancies . 
  the argument `` someone else will do it '' is refuted by an ad absurdum . 
  just substitute `` selling arms '' with `` murdered '' and you see that `` someone else will kill them '' is not exactly a justification for that behaviour . 
  indeed , did n't these people learn in kindergarden that `` but timmy did it as well ! '', 
  is not an argument for condoning their behaviour but an appeal to fair and just application of the prevailing rules of law and morality ? 
   maybe we should bring the mutterkreuz back too ? 
  france still has it . 
  imf predicts estonia to be richer than czech republic which in turn will be richer than greece ? 
   what is a plausible salary for you ? 
  $ 70,000 seems plausible , however i do read about people getting six dollar figure salaries right out of a bachelor 's program in the states . 
  although i am pretty sure those are not average cases , even for engineering or such . 
   could you expound upon ` everything else seems to be strictly better or differs so little ' ? 
  [ compare germany and the us ] ( http://conversableeconomist.blogspot.de/2015/11/snapshots-of-well-being-across-high.html ) . 
  there is just nothing about the us - besides the high incomes for high-income earners - that strikes me as so great to incentivise me to make such a big move . 
  what do you think about hochdeutsch ? 
  publically funded education and a welfare state providing extensive tax funded services make migration a public issue . 
  if people were forced to pay for their education and the state would n't raise taxes for redistributive purposes , brain drain would be virtually irrelevant . 
  [ some are , some are not ] ( http://www.vatican.va/news_services/press/documentazione/documents/sp_ss_scv/informazione_generale/cittadini-vaticani_en.html ) . 
  the vatican is the only elected monarchy worldwide , the only theocracy in europe and the least country-like entity that is still a sovereign country . 
  also it is the only country in the world where the embassy of the sending country is actually within the sending country due to the vatican 's size . 
  emphasis mine :  in summary , the emigration of eu citizens to the us is not characterized by overcrowded flights and waiting times . 
  it is , rather , a small and steady flow . 
  nevertheless , this small flow possesses exceptional skill and education levels . 
  ** behind the deceivingly low numbers is a huge potential for wealth creation that is permanently migrating to the us . 
  ** the effects of this migration can be significant for many countries , especially the uk and france . 
  therefore , it is important that we know more about why these exceptionally talented europeans move to the us , what contributions they make to the us economy , and , above all , what contributions the eu could have enjoyed if they had stayed . 
  honest to god , the only thing potentially pulling me to the us are the stories of people getting exorbitant salaries right out of college compared to what is plausible in the eu , combined with low taxes and overall cost of living , again compared to what is plausible in the eu . 
  everything else seems to be either strictly better in europe or differs so little as to not be worth bothering with . 
   on your second point yes i completly agree , more often than not it is an advantage that the system only changes slowly but there are still situations where a bit more flexibity would be preferable ( but yes as a whole i 'd say it 's a plus ) . 
  ( forgot to ask this in the other post ) what specific examples do you have in mind ? 
   b\u00fchnendeutsch is that actually what you call hochdeutsch ? 
  i heard that what we ( federal republic germans ) know as swiss german is only spoken and virtually never written or recorded . 
  i mean i 'd love to visit switzerland except for the steep cost of ... everything . 
   i constantly feel judged and as soon as i finish my sentence i always realise that i must have sounded like redneck joe from the province to the person from hannover that speaks in b\u00fchnendeutsch . 
  do n't worry , swiss germany sounds funny , at least to my ears , austrian german however sounds like you described . 
  there is a reason why schwarzenegger did n't voice his own characters in the german version of terminator . 
  what kind of futuristic robot sounds like a redneck ? 
  women 's suffrage is an argument in favour of direct democracy : first , it was introduced * by * direct democracy and second it can be argued that the lack of women 's suffrage is an inhibition of direct democracy and not an expression of it . 
  the fact that switzerland changes very slowly is another excellent point against enemies of direct democracy : they state that the voting population will be swayed by whatever the current idea is , completely ignoring that the political process in switzerland works much slower . 
  beyond that , stability is an extremely important thing to develop capital and prosperity . 
  i do not believe in making quick changes to a complex , evolved system without considering as many consequences as possible . 
  the only thing i am sad about - and that is not exactly a mistake of governance - is the mild xenophobia against germans . 
  i know that you speak your own dialect of german and some swiss i met were offended because i tried to speak * hochdeutsch * instead of english with them . 
  that i knew already . 
  it is the only country in the world where the head of state is elected , but not by the population or any citizen for that matter . 
  interesting perspective , thank you . 
  i never bothered to learn about them , or andorra , san marino , monaco for that matter . 
  i know a little bit about liechtenstein , they have a very interesting constitution . 
  so , i do n't really have an opinion about iceland . 
  * konkordanzdemokratie * ( consensus democracy ) instead of competetive democracy , that is the parties we 'd call `` opposition '' are part of the government as swiss governance is set up to reach consensus . 
  also you are the only country in the world to have a directorial system instead of parliamentary or presidential systems , a further expression of consensus democracy . 
  your country is one of the few truly multilingual countries in the world , especially within the western hemisphere and could serve as an example for a federal european union . 
  finally , you are formally neutral for the purposes of international relations , keeping you out of the vast majority of all conflicts , necessitating excellent diplomatic skills and judicial innovations such as banking secrecy and strong , free markets . 
  off the top of my head . 
  this , i am a huge proponent of direct democracy and people generally do n't seem to go for it in germany , providing all kinds of arguments why it wo n't work . 
  however switzerland has a centuries old tradition and it seems to be working exceptionally well . 
  there are also many more nuances of the swiss way of governance that get overlooked , but direct democracy is the major one . 
  hungary is even less dense than austria and has the danube too . 
  spain and italy are in a perfect position for solar , austria is greener than switzerland . 
  there are a couple of surprises here if you think about it . 
   gross final energy consumption does it include both transport and imports ? 
  the switch to renewables is not a matter of environmental activism but a matter of vital , geopolitical stability and independence . 
  the european continent is way to dependent on fuel imports in the form of hydrocarbons and fissionable material . 
  not to mention environmentally more positive , as you use less energy in the first place and can use electricity from an arbitrary source instead of hydrocarbons . 
  but alas , no tax on kerosene and various other market distortions make flying the cheaper option usually . 
  amazingly enough , this is data over * fifteen years * . 
  just shows how extremely safe flying really is . 
  considering that italy produces [ about 5 billion liters of wine ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/foodanddrink/wine/8571222/italy-overtakes-france-to-become-worlds-largest-wine-producer.html ) and one bottle of wine will have 0.75 l of content , the chance to have `` dirtyjew '' as a string once is about 11.9 % . 
  but consider that `` dirtyjew '' is not the only offensive term , but `` killajew '' and `` killjews '' are too , as is `` jewgreed '' , the chance to have any one of these * in any one year * is already 39.9 % . 
  considering that there are a multitude of such phrases , it would be surprising if they do * not * appear anywhere . 
  clausewitz is turning in his grave .
