  do note that i do n't argue against marriage as a social institution , but against marriage as a state sanctioned institution . 
  you ca n't get this concept into most people 's heads : a marriage is n't made by some government official , but by mutual declaration of intent and continued effort . 
  i 'll grant that for purposes of social recognition there needs to be some kind of witnesses , but that is nothing your friends or a notary ca n't do . 
  they should n't , but just like all other forms of subsidy people benefit greatly from , they will fight tooth and nail to keep things the way they . 
  if what the government wants is more children , then that is what they should promote , not marriage . 
  according to the things i see , you can have children without being married and you can be married without having children . 
  by whose standards ? 
  for example , spying on foreign governments is n't illegal , but we 'd like to expose that kind of thing , especially if we 're the target . 
  that would be an incredible tool for increasing soft power : each and every government employee has then an incentive to leak info and function as a spy . 
  whistleblowing , at least to my knowledge , does n't need to mean that you leak everything to the public . 
  whistleblowing , at least to my understanding , means that you circumvent the protocols you agreed to and disclose information to someone who is not supposed to know what is happening , or at least not yet . 
  i read it to mean that there needs to be some para-judicial place that you can leak info to , that keeps your identity confidential , and you can trust not to disseminate critical info that would unnecessarily endanger you or the entity you work for . 
  journalists fulfil some part of that role . 
  remember , whistleblowing can happen both within corporations , trusted persons and government agencies . 
  snowden is an example for government whistleblowing , panama leaks are an example where a trusted person 's info was leaked , namely of lawyers mossack-fonsecka , and i do n't have an example for a corporate whistleblower off the top of my head . 
  we need to have clear rules on what info is ok to leak and under what circumstances . 
   pushing for a digital europe  over the next six months estonia will showcase itself as a motor in the drive toward a digital europe . 
   `` estonia is able to show , in concrete terms , what it means to be more digital and build e-government , '' said raik . 
  `` it 's done it , and it has got clear benefits . '', 
  please teach our governments how to properly implement digitalization . 
  and how not to half-ass it . 
   from voting to declaring taxes to getting doctors ' prescription , estonians do everything online . 
  they trust the system because it is safe and transparent , and it has saved money and cut down the risk of corruption , says gilles feith , head of it activities for the luxembourg . 
  except for the voting part i am all game . 
  can a few estonians verify that indeed they can do everything on their card ? 
  in germany i have to haul paper basically everywhere if i want to get something done . 
   last week , luxembourg signed a deal with estonia to host estonia 's first `` data embassy . '', 
  faith said the embassy , which is meant to safeguard its critical services and keep them running should war strike hit estonia , is a step toward establishing a digital market . 
  this is amazing in creating redundancy . 
  i hope they can get similar deals outside of the eu as well for geographic redundancy and hedging . 
   `` if europe as a model has to succeed , we have to really achieve building this digital market , '' feith said . 
  smaller countries have an inherent advantage in being more nimble when implementing civil services , this does not mean however that we ca n't experiment as well . 
  if i had a use for the estonian eresidency i would have gotten one already just for the technological fun of it . 
  but if you do n't live there , incorporating is the only usecase . 
  schengen and nato are n't possible with active border disputes , eu membership is just fine , see cyprus . 
  best of luck in the independence referendum !, 
  good , i hope many more countries in europe follow suit . 
  well the central government also is the only one supposed to hold independence referenda , but ... well . 
  that was kind of my first thought : more unfilled jobs means more pressure to raise wages . 
  this is amazing since they are actually in production , use a european launch system and already have a licence to operate their satellites . 
  so spacex will have at least one competitor in the satellite business , reducing worries about becoming a monopoly . 
  the worrying thing is that the company oneweb is incorporated in the us and not the eu . 
  similar to gps , a global satellite internet not under foreign control can have strategic advantages and increase soft power . 
  yes . 
  good , do it !, 
  and then legalize it . 
  i very much hope that we can have a global cap-and-trade system for emissions . 
  early fragmentation will hinder that process , so i hope that we can design a fair system and distribution from the get-go . 
  someone put it there . 
  also a more interesting answer , part of kazakhstan , about the size of belgium is on the european continent . 
  yeah , there are former version with fewer of those assemblies . 
  a diagram including only those groups with actual legal effects would be complicated enough , considering there are agreements that not all eu members acceded to and were negotiated outside of eu structures , such as pl\u00fcm . 
  tl ; dr : germany , finland and netherlands oppose accession , which can only happen with a unanimous vote . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1a/supranational_european_bodies-en.svg/1189px-supranational_european_bodies-en.svg.png ) is a more complete , yet still incomplete , map of european organisations and degrees of integration . 
  when will romania , bulgaria and croatia finally join schengen ? 
  who is still blocking accession ? 
  maybe they excluded it because supercell was effectively bought out or acquired ? 
  the list might intend to show how many opportunities there are for future , lucrative ipos . 
  maybe they consider any company not listed on a stock exchange as a startup ? 
  this just goes to show how much more efficient modern systems are compared to the legacy system of phonebooks , knowing a guy and looking up personal websites . 
  personally , i am interested in the ideas , concepts and structures being put out there , because once released they are rather hard to kill again . 
  spotify might not last forever as * the * music streaming up , but the concept of music streaming platforms will be immortal und enjoying music will forever be as convenient , cheap and accessible as it is now . 
  how does the price compare to what spacex could offer with an orbiting dragon ? 
  what the article does n't make clear is whether home owners will be still allowed to use some form of bio oil and whether similar restrictions on natural gas are in the near future . 
  do note that this measure is quite significant as it targets the third large piece of energy consumption : heating . 
  we usually hear about moving away from fossil fuels in electricity generation and transportation , even though the three sectors are * roughly * the same in size . 
  no that is complicated , just complain about how the building is mismanaged and let your probably biggest asset go to shit . 
  then again , there is a point to not caring about the outside : the insides of these blocs usually look great , maybe not the stairwells but the individual units . 
  apparantly nobody there cares about how the outside looks , so there is literally no economic value to keeping it up . 
  free trade agreements with india , asean and mercosur would also be great . 
  the real wet dream would be global free trade through the wto , but the negotiations for that were unsuccessful . 
  edit : damn , free trade triggers people . 
   let 's be conservative here . 
  untill we see actual legislation we should n't assume anything . 
  this . 
  i do n't care about `` will they , wo n't they '' , make an agreement with greece to drop all name-related vetoes in exchange for choosing one of a list of good names , write the necessary legislation and get over the whole thing . 
  then join nato and start the eu accession process . 
   microsoft had this number to represent the power of the computer that could only grow as hardware got better . 
  that should be used instead . 
  i plain and simply do n't understand why things are n't done in that way , instead giving grades like for a school kid . 
  in the case at hand , all appliances are rated by their consumption annually . 
  flip the ratio to show how many years of typical usage you get over one defined amount of electrical energy and you get the desired system of `` single number that can only grow . '', 
  giving grades do show energy efficiency is like showing mileage of cars as grades instead of a ratio like litres per hundred kilometres . 
  are any seats already guaranteed ? 
  seriously ? 
  that is one strange honour to have . 
  you 're welcome . 
  preliminary services are already available and [ galileo-enabled ] ( http://www.usegalileo.eu/en/ ) products are already on the market . 
  the additional advantage of being independent of usa , russia and china in terms of satellite navigation is that you can use all four systems to get almost unreal precision . 
  why is n't this bigger news than the latest idiocy of the brits ? 
  the french will be much more important to the development of the eu and therefore every member state . 
   when it comes to language , thats only important for officers , since unites like battalions will stay national anyway . 
  and ~ 80 % of the german officers speak french anyway - while also over 50 % of the french officers speak german . 
  people on this sub talk like it would be absolutely impossible to integrate a military with different languages . 
  this seems like quite a counterpoint . 
  what about the rest of the plans , like common military education , common rifles and such ? 
  it would be rather symbolic if all the founders of the eec would be participating in these plans . 
  of course it would be even better if all the eu members would be participating , but you have to start somewhere . 
  looks like france and germany mean business with the military cooperation . 
  seems like there are a bunch of good ideas .
