  auroracoin is based on litecoin , a variant of the bitcoin protocol for a cryptographic currency that can function without a government . 
  scotland is also offering 1,000 scotcoins , a digital currency founded by a venture capitalist , to each of its citizens . 
  greececoin also launched this week . 
  meanwhile , the american lakota tribes have made mazacoin their official digital currency . 
  i also found [ spaincoin ] ( http://spaincoin.org/ ) . 
  edit : i wonder what infrastructure is already in place in iceland . 
  were apps to handle the currency distributed ? 
  selected shops trained in handling the currency ? 
  is a brick-and-mortar exchange in place ? 
  if the answer is yes , this would greatly help adopting the currency . 
  if the answer is no , i hope these things are established in the months to follow . 
  the current airdrop will serve as a model for any future such event . 
  i 'll leave it as it is . 
  i did n't know that project is still ongoing , thought it was put on ice . 
  great to see there ist still research on human space travel , competition is always great . 
  though i wonder if it is sustainable given competition from private us companies . 
  i am amazed people do not get this point . 
  it was the principal thought behind the schumann declaration leading to the ec . 
  i am for global free trade but oh well . 
  free trade , travel and residence in western europe was a major success for liberty and prime contributor to peace . 
  extending that further should be beneficial . 
   one of the conditions for joining the eu is sovereignty in all parts of the claimed territory . 
  cyprus ... 
  so can i buy a sim card in romania and pay the same price everywhere ? 
  it would be great to see a view of net money flows . 
  i 'm stupid sometimes . 
   you mean intercity buses were banned in germany ? 
  you do n't really make that part clear . 
  intercity buses were allowed only if the line was not already served by rail . 
  which is essentially a ban on intercity buses . 
  i support it too if only to get us americans to shut the fuck up about various metrics that show the us to be superior to most european states . 
   but i would first wait until all european countries ( except russia ) are in the eu and then i 'd wait for them to catch a bit up to the north-west . 
  we 'll wrap up the balkan states in the next decade or two . 
  i see no possibility for belarus and ukraine . 
  moldova might happen . 
  norway and iceland wo n't join . 
  what about the microstates ? 
  edit : the baltic and the balkan are different geographic regions . 
  it 's because in some countries like germany all hydro capacity is exhausted . 
  mm/dd/yyyy at least is a standard . 
  alas , the imperial unit system is standardised as well but that does not mean that it is any less barbaric . 
  nothing beats the glory of the metric system and dd.mm.yyyy or yyyy-mm-dd . 
  the date format correspoding to the slash is mm/dd/yyyy and not clearly distuingishable from the abomination that is dd/mm/yyyy . 
  please stick to standard date formats like dd.mm.yyyy or yyyy-mm-dd . 
  edit : oh yeah , that hit the spot . 
  finally someone with some sense for strategy . 
   russophile germans  german pricks feels like an ad hominem . 
   i care about ukraine , georgia , moldova , energy independence from russia , syria , libya , egypt , senkaku/diaoyu , israel-palestine , iran , tunisia , mali , car , international drug trade , ndrangheta , climate change , protection of women and girls in the developing world and global public health [ ... ] that is an impressive list . 
  how about some issues relating to south america ? 
   for all of those very pressing issues , the usa is a vital and indispensable partner . 
  that does n't preclude telling them to fuck off on some other topics . 
   the fact is that the usa wants a peaceful , happy world just like us . 
  sure . 
  then again , french flair . 
  i feel tempted to try some kind of ad hominem relating to french and us american friendship . 
  all the shit russia gets for influencing other countries - us america does n't even get a drop of it . 
  the eu needs to grow a pair and stand up to us influence . 
  but there is no chance of that happening . 
  national interests come first . 
  whatever you guys do , other countries can learn a lot from you . 
  poor norwegians , getting rid of fossil fuels before anyone else and being able to follow the rule `` never get high on your own supply '' . 
  goodbye visa-free europe . 
  next generation maybe . 
  keep in mind that this is in deaths per million inhabitants . 
  to clearly state that driving ( or more generally participating in traffic ) has become safe you need to look at deaths per distance unit driven . 
  further you need numbers split according to the mode of transportation . 
  so the reduction we see above could simply come or be mainly caused by driving less overall or using more public transit which is known to be safer . 
  wow , thank you very much , that was the thread !, 
  now this is another interesting point i have n't considered : if the us intervenes , this gives confidence to the european countries that they will intervene in any future conflicts as well , reducing the motivation to increase military spending . 
  if it is in the us interests to have european nato members increase their military spending , this is a disincentive to help in this crisis . 
  though the violence thing is a problem on reddit in general . 
  i particularly remember a video of a guy annoying officers in a court house and being tasered . 
  the comments were filled with people shouting `` he deserved it '' and it took a couple of full page scrolls to see the first comment saying that the officer overreacted . 
  i ca n't get how people can be against war in foreign countries , against police brutality but the minute someone is mildly annoying they deserve to get fucking tasered . 
   i wish that was enough to stop my mother-in-law from nagging me about how coventry would have been as lovely as dresden if not for the horrific crime of having to pay back the debt to the americans . 
  because that was , like , totally my bad . 
  she is aware that dresden was in rubbles . 
  after it was bombed . 
  by the british . 
   edit : right i get the message . 
  do n't ever go against the federalist circlejerk . 
  some further topics to avoid : liking russia or posting something positive about them ; liking us america or posting something positive about them ; disliking us america or posting something not positive about them ( yes , i have n't actually figured out what the exact criteria are ) ; mentioning negative treatment of gypsies as a group . 
  i am sure there are plenty more but this place has some quite obvious biases . 
  when i find a similar but more rational and objective community i 'm afraid i will have to leave . 
   edit : what 's with all the downvotes in this thread ? 
  i 've not deviated from the reddiquette anymore than johnbarnschack has . 
  slyratchet , you have quite some upvotes from me so i feel safe assuming that you are bright enough to realise the source of the downvotes . 
  / r/europe has quite some biases , just as the rest of reddit . 
  one of those is the anti-russian bias that is in full-blown action during this crisis . 
  it does n't matter whether there are valid reasons for russia 's actions , the only thing that matters are ukraine 's interests , a nation whose interim-government just happens to be seen as pro-west . 
  i want a peaceful solution to this conflict over anything else . 
  if russians want crimea and if the citizens of crimea want to be part of russia there is nothing i see that should stop them . 
  german here . 
  no , i do not support the us military presence at all . 
  what 's more , some nuclear missiles are stationed in germany as nato member making us a prime target in case of nuclear strike . 
  living expenses are very high close to us bases , at least higher than they 'd be naturally . 
  we have a peace treaty with the us , the cold war is supposedly over and no bordering country is an enemy to either the us or germany so please go home . 
  now if there actually was a threat on germany 's borders that 'd be another thing . 
  but there is n't so it is not . 
  edit : 10 upvotes , 8 down .
