  say i live in berlin . 
  with the proposed scandinavian high speed network i could reach copenhagen in less than two hours . 
  this may be for tourism , because i want to visit a friend , or because i work there and even if it is for just a few months . 
  with a pledge to slower travel i just waste more time in transit or just do n't go at all , not enjoying danish culture , losing a friendship , working at a less attractive place . 
  faster travel does not mean a smaller europe as more territory is lost in transit . 
  faster travel means a closer europe as distance is not measured in kilometers but in hours . 
  it is surprisingly hard to shop even every other day for some fresh fruit . 
  since living alone i realize how useful a car can be even in europe . 
  just an interjection : europhile means liking europe , not liking the eu . 
  oh , well then it is quite long . 
   but it says the oslo - copenhagen work region , that 's a pretty huge region and that would be over 4 hours of traing travelling everyday from one end to the other , which still seems like a lot : o according to the map travel time oslo-kopenhagen would be 2,5 h. 
  flair up !, 
   i do n't know the british setup , however i 'm rather doubtful that denmark can consider itself a unified realm if as i said , certain parts are restricted from trade or docking in other parts . 
  if the british setup is not good enough for you , the french and the dutch have a couple of entities too that are part of the respective countries but not the eu . 
  indeed , in case of the netherlands you have exactly the same situation that some parts are part of the kingdom of the netherlands but not the netherlands and are thus not part of the eu and thus are subject to some restrictions . 
   what if bayern started to enact visa restrictions from people of the rest of germany or hamburg decided that berlin based companies could no longer trade in hamburg -- would germany still be considered a unified nation ? 
  * you are not a unified nation in the usual sense . 
  * greenland and faroe are not part of denmark , but of the kingdom of denmark . 
  some part of the realm are in the eu , some are not . 
  part of the deal to be in the eu are these restrictions . 
   for the kingdom of denmark , the integrity of the kingdom should obviously have higher priority than eu , and if the eu threatens the integrity , then the eu must go . 
  what remains is only to decided if the eu legislation really threatens the integrity . 
  and again , it is no problem for the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and the kingdom of denmark that some , lets face it , minor parts of the respective realms do not have the same rights as the dominating nation * as codified by signature of several treaties . 
  * why should it be a problem for the kingdom of denmark ? 
  or you could just properly join the eu , meaning faroe and greenland become proper parts of denmark without special status such as exemption from fishery rules . 
  alternatively faroe and greenland declare independence and do their own thing . 
  well , actually greenland , the faroes and denmark constitute the kingdom of denmark . 
  denmark is part of the eu , greenland and the faroes are not . 
  this is very much the same as the isle of man or the channel islands having special status and not being in the eu . 
  german efficiency . 
  romania : mititei , how i miss you . 
  i want to avoid tourist traps and get a glimpse at the native lifes . 
  can latvians generally speak english or german ? 
  they do have one but it 's covered . 
  it is activated in the private room though . 
  flair up !, 
  in the city i grew up in you could buy a d\u00f6ner at almost every corner . 
  sooo good . 
  because then i wo n't go broke when i slip bank notes to a stripper . 
  as if . 
  we could do it as with the coins : have one side the same for everyone and one side designed by each nation . 
  while we are at it : can we make one and two euro notes , too ? 
   `` look at these quaint natives and their exotic noble savage lifestyle ! '', 
  i shall visit your people one day and hope to hear your song . 
  i could only expect something as kind from someone who has such lovely hearts on the flag . 
  this description of denmark sounds so nice . 
  the linked study about world happiness has interesting results , too . 
  germany is surprisingly low on that ranking . 
  to be fair , the same applies to my country too and i wrote `` german government '' . 
  yes , i help the needy . 
  it just so happens that i have a lot of needs . 
  polish women are getting strangely pushy . 
  and i feel watched , all the time . 
  i am used to being watched though . 
  thank you usa , thank you german government . 
  first the survey results as a map and now this . 
  we are getting popular . 
  and just now the bus incident in italy . 
  be careful not to slide off into unnecessary interventionism . 
  the eu should be a bastion of peace . 
  being 21 years old or more and apparently spineless . 
  incidentally , does someone have a link to a list of line of succession ? 
  off topic but oh well . 
   the government is doing the same with catalonia since they elected an independentist government . 
  what do you think the chances are that catalonia will declare independence ? 
   besides that , the eu declared that having rail freight transport between spain and france is a priority [ ... ] should n't they then have the rail gauge standardized over the whole eu instead of having a seperate gauge for the iberian peninsula ? 
  [ please see my other comment ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1j5pcx/does_your_country_issue_identification_cards_with/cbbl8s6 ), 
  government surveillance or not , there are plenty of other threats to avoid , so now is a good time to switch to more secure alternatives : www.prism-break.org and / r/privacy will help . 
  well i most certainly would n't want the government in charge of all that . 
  ideally the government would implement openpgp in the system with an open design . 
  only difference being that your public key is signed by a central authority stating that yes , this specific key belongs to you . 
  no access to your private key , all the benefits of an existing openpgp infrastructure and on top the benefit of other parties knowing they deal with an actual person . 
  holy crap . 
  though i would worry about reliability of such a system and privacy with almost all of my life digitally available . 
  germany , a great idea horribly executed . 
  we could learn from estonia . 
  what country ? 
  thank you , at least one who can point out hypocricy around here . 
  i very much do not want to go an american way . 
  you can see the same dichotomy every time eu defence policy is discussed . 
  americans intervene in a country ? 
  france and/or britain want to retain the right to intervene without eu consent instead of an isolationist policy ? 
  divergent national interests , you see , we ca n't just pretend the world around us does not exist !, 
  in my social circle a couple of people are incapable of understanding english , nevermind converse . 
  we are talking about young adults . 
  i do n't have a flag of europe flair because i am not in support of eu as it exists now . 
  i consider myself an europhile and am used to say `` there is no english , french or german history , only european history '' my dream is a european confederation with a neutral , intermediary language , where all european countries get together to discuss common policies and the ec helps to implement those policies . 
  to outsiders , the ec should act with one voice and as one country , internally our diversity is to be preserved . 
  why this intermediary language you ask ? 
  i dream that if a german , a frenchwoman and a norwegian life in berlin all three should be able to walk into the necessary agencies and communicate with some subset of the staff . 
  the german in german and the other two in this intermediary language . 
  as is , there is a huge language barrier though this forum gives you the illusion that everyone speaks english fluently . 
  in name this what the eu does : `` in varieta concordia '' ( united in diversity ) , though in practice it is more `` e pluribus unum '' ( from many one ) . 
  end-to-end encryption is one of the more important things you can advocate . 
  what are you looking for , specifically ? 
  there is the obligatory www.prism-break.org and the reference to / r/privacy . 
  well , i signed the petition . 
  also , i am encrypting all my communication where possible and migrating all my data from american services . 
  also , i am informing people in my closer circle and help them in the process if they request so . 
  is that enough ?
