   however , i fear that in countries like sweden where everyone speaks english that there could be a language shift in which people start to slowly use english more than swedish and then replace swedish all together . 
  that would be a pity . 
  just letting a language die for no other reason than internationalism . 
  i find it hilarious that so many people just do n't get the value of multilingual education , be it for the respective cultures or the pedagocic benefits . 
  as you said , i want a colourful europe . 
  that is a reason why i support teaching * plattdeutsch * in german schools and other languages i might not be aware of . 
  i certainly can say that if they never got any money there would n't be any beggars . 
  to be honest i never understood the fascination with having so many countries nearby . 
  the us division into states albeit subsovereign should be roughly equal . 
  europe 's cultures are more spacially segregated than the cultures in the us where you have cultural enclaves in any major city . 
  first , of course you have to come here and spend your money !, 
  second , having many countries nearby is a matter of clever placements . 
  if you are in belgium or in bosnia you have lot of countries nearby . 
  keep in mind that the us is only about twice the size of the current eu . 
  the whole of europe is bigger , [ here is a comparison ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tapicdy.jpg ) . 
  it would take six hours to get there by train , maybe with some combination of car and train i could get there sooner . 
  certainly not `` on a saturday afternoon '' but a fun weekend . 
  i wanted to travel europe anyway . 
  there does n't happen to be a / r/europe couchsurfing group ? 
  obviously you guys need a wealth tax so there are no more parasites like you . 
  now this made me curious . 
  i am wondering whether taking it orally has the same effect as smoked . 
  let 's be fair and mention * plattdeutsch * which was suppressed for a long time . 
  fyi for some reason people around here hate esperanto . 
  people are quite disinterested as the programs of the major two parties are practically the same and according to current forecasts none of the classical coalitions will get the majority . 
  i 'm getting way too invested in this subreddit . 
  and wednesday came !, 
  it is a model for europe . 
  no seriously , it has a ( con ) federate structure that seems ridiculous to outsiders in such a small country but could be very useful for the eu . 
  oh and it has multiple languages , too !, 
  i see you took the wednesday spot . 
  i had the last two in mind . 
  suggesting to put saarland together with rhineland-palatinate could lead to interesting results if said in the wrong company . 
  prepare for a shitstorm . 
  i see two massive infarctions in germany only . 
  i am not sure this century will be any one region 's century . 
  belarus will most definitely not join in the near future . 
  and the eu will benefit greatly . 
  by pulling away another country from russian influence , by winning over a country with gigantic agrarian potential , a population almost the size of france and of course the beautiful people there . 
  if only it was n't for the corruption . 
  a peaceful arab league could be a great trading partner . 
  we welcome you ukrainians . 
  this makes me consider switching to a european provider or to host my email myself . 
  at least we are better than the scandinavians . 
  take that !, 
  the weird thing is that through eu citizenship the weakest nationality law practically determines the citizenship law for the whole eu . 
  in germany we have * lastschriftverfahren * where you allow a company to order your bank to transfer the amount to be payed . 
  this is how bills are usually paid . 
  also , maybe i will use internet on my smart phone exclusively as it is a much less enjoyable experience , at least for me . 
  all my bills are paid automatically and only monthly . 
  any computing will be done over a computer i own and a vpn connection . 
  i 'd still have access to the internet through libraries or my university and internet caf\u00e9s . 
  media depicting the specimen you refer to would be more useful . 
  that was at the same time enjoyable and unsatisfying to read . 
  just to scare you : i thought about disconnecting internet from my home as i spend far too much time online . 
  i apologize for the delay . 
  disappointing to not see the planned route on a map . 
  chinese is n't a hard language to learn , is it ? 
  what does it say ? 
  i know . 
  but does anybody care ? 
  if users were leaving in droves because of privacy concerns i assure you these services would offer top-notch encryption . 
  let 's face it : the majority ca n't be bothered to keep their systems secure , nevermind proper encryption . 
  some subreddits with recurring threads use bots to create them . 
  which is very easy to do for standard formats like the `` what happened this week ? '', 
  series . 
  how wide is france ? 
  about 30 tank hours . 
  incidentally , does anybody know what a decent used city-bike costs ? 
  i heard quotes from double to quadruple digits . 
  icelandic data protection laws please . 
  contrary to public opinion i am not dictator of series in / r/europe . 
  take wednesday , i think only the roundtable is there then if at all and there will certainly no overlap between our series as the other can always prepare . 
  having the same country covered on one day in both series could be awkward , you know . 
  while we are on that topic , why is the wiki closed ? 
  you should know . 
  i just realise that my request for orderliness and efficiency is quite stereotypical . 
  turns out i wo n't have to move to sweden after all . 
  estonia . 
  why do german showerheads have 11 holes ? 
  because the jew only has 10 fingers . 
  all of them . 
  oh well then , 300 years of spanish rule should bring that out . 
  can i then travel there with only an id card ? 
  did i say it wrong ? 
  i 'm sure those few ( 3 ? ), 
  months of summer are lovely . 
  the rest though ... 
  if only your country was n't so cold i could see myself living there . 
  especially given that the dutch plan to build a electric car refueling system . 
  this would be worth it if only to give the french national sentiment a slap on the wrist . 
  best of luck to you . 
  please join the eea . 
  sometimes i think germany is a microcosm of what a federal eu could look like . 
  yes and no . 
  every * bundesland * has its own constitution , laws and parliament within the confines of the federal constitution . 
  still the * grundgesetz * puts restrictions on the operation of the states and federal law restricts it further . 
  some things are exclusively directed by the states like education and some things are directed exclusively by the federal government like military . 
  though there are some things to be gained like getting rid of the transfer union . 
  it turns out that there are three states contributing to the transfer and the rest taking out from it .
