  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ), 
  maybe it is specific for baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , but proper shops tend to be open from 7:00 to 24:00 close to the center and 7:00 to 22:00 in sub-urban regions . 
  though i remember that in the past it was for shorter times , there was some kind of legislative reform . 
  maybe there is also some cultural lag or different regulation for restaurants and fast-food places , as those tend to close before 23:00 at the latest invariably . 
  immediate edit : actually the main station has its stores opened on sundays , as opposed to normal shops , so you could get groceries there then . 
  fuck stores being closed on sundays and fuck stores closing for the night . 
  heck , the largest main station in the region closes its shop around 22:00 and opens only at 6:00 even though there is plenty of night life and travelers at night . 
  i mean if it is a business decision , fine , but it is none of the governments business to decide when people are * allowed * to work or not . 
   i have never encountered a race of people who drink like the dutch . 
  all hours of the day . 
  all days of the week . 
  the place is a fucking mad house on the weekends . 
  i feel like a complete lightweight around here . 
  let 's face it , europeans in general drink a lot . 
  and he can not lie . 
  that was just the decoy . 
  i love hearing all these little neat solutions from other countries and share taxis sound pretty reasonable . 
  if energy prices and thus transportation costs rise further in the future , we will need a very diverse set of solutions to our transportation needs . 
  that is pretty good reasoning . 
  will take care of itself by excessive homo and immigration . 
  at least according to diverse online sources . 
  any other political conflicts that need resolution ? 
  i might get creative . 
  major selling point : they can mint their coins with the face of elizabeth ii ( they seem to love it ) and they can print memorative coins with english conquerors . 
  france has to accept both of them as legal tender !, 
  b-but the euro is evil and stifles and kills all economies except for the german one . 
  many countries in europe would profit from having the same currency as germany since then their imports , which mainly come from germany , would be priced with more stability and vice versa for their exports . 
  now convince the poles and czech people . 
  or get some other eastern countries to get off their asses and adopt the currency . 
  edit : [ have some ointment ] ( https://i.imgur.com/rlmcgck.png ) . 
  so , in other words , they still have n't been able to submit a membership bid ? 
  meanwhile ( fopo ) greece blocks talks with ( fyro ) macedonia for superficial and substantial reasons , negotiations with albania have n't yet begun , at least negotiations with serbia and montenegro are progressing nicely . 
  to the best of my knowledge the constitution of bosnia is incompatible with the eu as members of religious communities have reserved spots in the government . 
  anyhow , i 'll wait and see . 
   yes !, 
  i want to hug spaniards , italians , swiss , germans and the ** dutch ** , great idea !, 
  uhm . 
  also strictly speaking you neighbour a bunch of countries in south america , off the top of my head brazil and one of the guyenes . 
  as a german , that would be one busy day . 
  nine countries off the top of my head . 
  i like blondes . 
  something like this , as a global map , with state borders somehwat more pronounced and major cities included would be perfect as a wallpaper . 
  emphasis mine . 
   as part of its efforts to promote mobility and intercultural understanding , the eu has designated language learning as an important priority , and funds numerous programmes and projects in this area . 
  multilingualism , in the eu 's view , is an important element in europe 's competitiveness . 
  ** one of the objectives of the eu 's language policy is therefore that every european citizen should master two other languages in addition to their mother tongue . 
  ** [ european parliament ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/aboutparliament/en/displayftu.html?ftuid=ftu_5.13.6.html ), 
  damn hungary , you embarrass us by giving even the english an excuse . 
  luxembourg can be proud of itself . 
  as a whole the map is sad since one of the goals of the eu is to have every citizen be able to speak three languages . 
   the uk ( and ireland ) decided to play solo for schengen , power sockets and left-hand traffic . 
  and currency . 
  we could continue this list for quite a while . 
  `` what do you mean we do n't have to just mint coins with the queen on them , we can also commemorate wellington ? 
  * and * there are the commemorative coins , too ? 
  and they * have * to accept it as legal tender ? '', 
  now they only need the support of the 27 other member states . 
  * eurozone for both exporting and cities . 
  though i have n't checked the other currencies of the eu . 
  so , in other words , qe is working ? 
  in other news , i 'll buy more locally produced crap , people will come from easter europe to buy cheap german goods and even more border controls at the swiss border stopping german pizza services . 
  damn , we are ancient . 
  finally i can watch european crap instead of us american crap . 
  yes , new york is a beautiful city and yes the us has interesting political structures , but i 'm sure that europe pre and post ww2 has some interesting stories and some beautiful cities and landscapes too . 
  i 'll never tire of those roman graffitis . 
  * two friends were here . 
  while they were , they had bad service in every way from a guy named epaphroditus . 
  they threw him out and spent 105 and half sestertii most agreeably on whores . 
  always hilarious after a couple of beers : * which border of france is the longest ? 
  brazil . 
  no i 'm not fucking with you . 
  * guyana is eu proper by the way , just as mayotte or reunion in africa . 
  might be corruption , might be contractual obligation for eu funds . 
  the specific road might have been ordered at a time when people thought serbia will join sooner and have a road built until then too . 
  compare this with the dutch brigade ( * 11 . luchtmobiele * ) under german command and plans to put further elements of the dutch army under german command . 
  it is the eu army quietly in the making . 
  who the fuck would downvote this ? 
  i wonder though , who lobbies against ttip ? 
  the usual narrative is that the evil big corporation conglomerate makes politicians enact any law they want , but these forces cut both ways . 
  who is lobbying * against * ttip , who would profit from the status quo compared to the situation post ttip ? 
   bank is bancrupt , and the state is refusing to pour money into it see other countries , is that so hard ? 
  it is exactly like forest fires : if you constantly put out the small ones , the big one will be that much worse . 
  there is actually an argument that eu integration will accelerate as the first generation of erasmus stipendiates graduates and moves up the ranks in politics and business . 
   which is why many support lowering it , as it is pushed to the consumer and worker get out of here with your logic . 
  are you implying that it is people that have income to be taxed and not corporations ? 
  i used google translate . 
  but do n't tell the russians , they 'll shoot me if they 'd know . 
  does n't seem that unreasonable assuming that the water supply is replenishable . 
  actually it seems much more reasonable than some cases i have heard of in the german countryside where people have to leave their taps running because the water would start to rot in the pipes or something . 
  ^ ( do n't shoot , i can translate ! ), 
  maybe it was a desperate ploy from some of the employees to get more funding ? 
  * we do n't have even enough money to fund the protection of our own agency !, 
  i assume that also excludes reduced welfare spending because of the 10000 jobs . 
  all in all about a billion quid to spend , not bad at all for a population of about 60m people . 
  part of the dutch army is integrated in the bundeswehr , the 11th luchtmobiele brigade specifically . 
  i 've read that in china job postings have height requirements for anything where you 'll have international exposure . 
  how tall are these two fellows anyway ? 
  [ well ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_sharing#nato ), 
  a little bit of new barracks in my life , a little bit of panzers by my side , a little bit of nuclear program is all i need , a little bit of reich is what i see , a little bit of country in the sun , a little bit of hk all night long , a little bit of team nato here i am , a little bit you makes me your man . 
  ( think mambo no .
