  in either case , more data to work with . 
  what does this mean for us in concrete terms ? 
  i still fail to see the problem : road tolls lead to roads being built exactly where they are needed , where people live and actually use them . 
  the tax funded roads however are built where no one lives and apparently no one uses them . 
  unless you somehow give an argument why it is good to build roads where no one uses them , i do n't want to discuss this further . 
  again , i fail to see how that is an argument against the principle of individual user charges . 
  actually , this is even an argument for it : if the us fedgov raised the money for the road network , it would n't need to pay for it via taxes . 
  i do n't see how this is an argument against the principle . 
  the same goes for electricity , internet , water , sewage and solid waste disposal . 
  we pay for all of those not from tax but charges with the same rule : you use it , you pay for it . 
  because that is exactly not the situation that is going on . 
  what is planned is that you pay some amount of tax on your vehicle and seperately a road charge . 
  the road charge will be deducted from your vehicle tax , canceling out the charge for vehicles registered in germany . 
  foreign vehicle owners can not deduct the road charge from their vehicle tax . 
  it is perfectly a situation of following the letter of the law but not the spirit , as the relevant laws are a matter of national competence but there is clearly discrimation going on . 
  germans are against it because the road charge could possibly be raised to be higher than any vehicle tax , obviously costing the tax payer more . 
  some people critisize that the charge is a charge and not a tax , thus it can be used for vehicular infrastructure and vehicular structure only . 
  and the last group fears that the whole law was intentionally designed such that the eu will rule against germany , removing the possibility of deducting the road charge from vehicular tax , increasing the total amount paid , just as intended . 
  personally , i am for a road charge . 
  if you use the roads , you have to pay for them , simple as that . 
  want to save money ? 
  car pool , use a bus or ride the train . 
  give concrete proposals and we can talk about them . 
  but not some nebolous `` eu reform '' , everyone agrees that needs to be done . 
  same argument as with uk : either you are in or out . 
  these opt-outs have no place in a proper union and need to be removed . 
  edit : keep downvoting me , there still wo n't be any difference . 
  positions against free trade stopped making sense to me the moment i realized that there is absolutely no natural border stopping the thinker from segmenting the units that should n't trade with each other further and further . 
  we are better off if the eu and canada have barriers ? 
  why not put up barriers within the eu then ? 
  indeed , germany is pretty huge , just stop trade between all 16 states . 
  actually , why should the cities in each state loose business to each other ? 
  and so on . 
  i am not sure where this position against free trade originates from , exactly , although i have suspicions . 
  it is , but people for some reason like overcomplicating taxes . 
  next step : overtaking in gdp per capita in nominal terms . 
  then , i think , hungary is next . 
  oh well , maybe we should legalize it then ? 
   rendering these countries laws ineffective . 
  the german laws are still effective , even more so : no drugs are produced , possessed , sold or transported in germany if there is a legal supply chain within netherlands . 
  consumption is perfectly legal in germany and for germans abroad . 
   renzi for eu president . 
  there is no eu president . 
  i hope this brings stability , peace , progress , prosperity and is to the advantage of all parties involved . 
   a least here in germany , where meat is dirt cheap or any animal product , really . 
  my personal example is to compare the price of cow milk with plant milks and at least to my knowledge , there is no plant milk that is actually cheaper than cow milk . 
  or compare the calories in plants with the calories in meat and their prices . 
  considering you not only need a multiple of caloric input to output meat , there is the whole additional , supporting infrastructure there . 
  now i know , i am a naive city dweller , yet it seems to me that something does n't quite add up here . 
  according to [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00114&amp;plugin=1 ) virtually any growth will do , as with a gdp per capita ( ppp ) of 58 and 57 relative to a eu average of 100 , croatia is just barely in front of romania . 
  keep in mind that vat was lowered this year , leading to slight deflation , that alone will increase this indicator , regardless of any economic growth . 
  now that is what i call a high stakes competition . 
  next stop : croatian gdp per capita . 
  after that : hungarian gdp per capita . 
   the fight that will happen over the location of eba and the ema . 
  this is a nice thing and you people are shitting all over it because it is britain doing it ? 
  the money will help regardless of where it came from . 
  more specifically , this comes out of their foreign aid budget * which every western nation has * . 
  this comes from making up for the colonial past and the vague feeling that we should help the people in need . 
  sure , your own citizens come first , but the uk , regardless of how much we love to shit on them , has great social services . 
  a much minor amount of money will go way further in poor countries than in the uk . 
  a single dose of ddt costs nearly nothing to us and will get rid of mosquitoes locally for quite a while . 
  disregarding the fact that they help to reduce the suffering in the world , with this little amount of money , they buy a great image abroad which is free advertising for all things uk , be it shows , merchandise or tourism resulting in some amount of soft power . 
  speaking of money , contributing to public health in foreign countries contributes to their economic development and stability which in turn increases the number of ptential trading partners and reduces geostrategic risk from states collapsing , so both increasing potential national income and reducing national expenditure in the long term . 
  so , good on you , uk . 
  sure we need clear rules . 
  who would argue against it ? 
  judicial rulings for example need to be outside of popular referenda , although i am somewhat in favour of transfering the power of pardon and commutation to a more democratic institution ; i have n't thought very much about it yet . 
  thank you for your comment regarding specific systems . 
  personally i advocate the proposal of * mehr demokratie * which again is modeled after the swiss system . 
  the swiss system in turn is one of the main arguments in favour of direct democracy . 
  i see little difference regarding points 1 and 4 . 
  people are voting any party advertising whatever the populace wants and they get elected , rather little difference to the status quo . 
  point 3 sounds almost like minority protection . 
  point 2 is the eternal debate `` is it right to do politics which are against democratic will ? '', 
  they also entered by popular referendum . 
  is that a positive ? 
  those people are still there . 
  and even if not , the swiss seem to do quite well with a part-time parliament . 
  if you say so . 
  i have yet to hear an argument against direct democracy that does n't equally apply to representative democracy . 
  i am always happy about cdu losing seats , they are the only party in germany not officially supporting direct democracy and even opposing it . 
  yeah , the average german reading the title will almost have a stroke . 
  a tax return not only contains the total of my income , but the exact sources of income , * all * the reasons for deductions and gives a surprisingly complete picture of my personal life . 
  what is the reasoning behind doing something like this ? 
  i will believe it when i see it . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  the criterion for indirect discrimination seems rather arbitrary . 
  so the ban would be upheld in the case where both french and eu producers have equal difficulty adjusting but it would be repealed where french producers have some advantage such as advance knowledge . 
  maybe i am particularly dense today , but what is the difference between forbidding the sale of beer containing fruit and forbidding the sale of non-biodegradable packaging ? 
  in either case the foreign manufacturers could produce according to the ban , yet in the case of beer the ruling was in favour of foreign breweries . 
  in this case it seems like a very clear violation . 
  compare with the german regulations on beer : these were repealed by the ecj but reinterpreted as a ban on production , which does not infringe on free movement of goods . 
  maybe this will lead to a similar situation . 
  maybe some form of sales tax would be a more appropriate outcome than an outright ban ? 
  of course the nationalists will come out because of * muh sovereignity * but * pacta sunt servanda * is a higher principle than the westphalian peace . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  sure , if austria , sweden and netherlands give their reduction up and uk leaves , making the discussion regarding their rebate moot . 
  also , poland removes their opt-out on the ehrc . 
  or shorter , i am advocating the removal of all special exemptions , opt-outs and advantages .
