  what is the benefit of nordic union if one already has eu citizenship ? 
  are there other passports that have fewer countries with visa free travel but different ones from the winning countries ? 
  i 'd be more comfortable with some kind of eu military command that organises efforts of the national militaries . 
  member states then are obligated to either have their own military capability or to put money at disposal for countries that do staff their militaries . 
  in addition to these every national military is not permitted to deem eu citizens ineligible for military service on grounds of nationality . 
  a central military puts way too much power in a central hand . 
  national militaries mitigate some of this risk while still having the capability of operating on a global scale . 
  on the topic of humanitarian interventions i think these events have to be negotiated beforehand . 
  offer the respective governments assistance in case of humanitarian crisis in return for ongoing efforts of democratisation and prevention of these humanitarian crises . 
  that way disputes about the legality of interventions are nil . 
  60 % is not that bad i think . 
  i will do that a couple of times again and then hope i can remember all the countries and their places . 
  that website has some nice games . 
  here is asia : http://www.purposegames.com/game/countries-of-asia-quiz edit : africa http://www.purposegames.com/game/countries-of-africa-quiz, 
  50 % i am a geographical idiot . 
  oh well , guess i will learn quite a bit about geography . 
  i have no facebook account . 
  i constantly read catalonia instead of catania . 
  this is like a political thriller but in realtime . 
  we ca n't let russia win this one , but we ca n't pay the price to win ukraine over . 
  catch-22 . 
   in my opinion the eu should try to get ukraine , moldova and belarus under eus influence so that these countries can start to develop and become prosperous in the future thus also generating economic growth and increased security also in the old member states . 
  belarus ? 
  i do n't really see any chance of them getting under eu influence anywhere in the near future . 
  moldova is all but won , we currently struggle with ukraine . 
  compare with this [ thread ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1r8kj7/tory_meps_fight_plans_for_eu_army_expost/ ) . 
  someone should make betting pool for this . 
  we can the gauge the community 's opinion by that . 
  as they should . 
  seconding the request . 
  depending on the form of this ` eu army ' proposal i could imagine myself supporting it . 
  1000 people does n't sound like much . 
  could be more , better than none . 
  any tax being reduced is good news . 
  if people want to reduce environmental impact of flights , directly tax the kerosene used in flight , not the ticket as such . 
  because this is not our prefered brand of anti-americanism . 
  and inconsistently paranoid as fuck . 
  nsa spying on all my conversations and emails ? 
  google taking a picture of my house that everyone can see if they stand on the street ? 
  satan himself . 
  only assures me that it is a great idea . 
  what is up with greece ? 
  and is there some reason why only eu countries seem to be covered ? 
  it is the southern countries that should build solar like there is no tomorrow . 
  northern countries usually are better off with some kind of wind or tidal . 
  maybe we could rent out some of our prison space to other nations . 
  first we legalise all kinds of drugs , freeing up place in the prisons and then rent it out to other nations . 
  genius !, 
  very rational , realpolitik perspective . 
  i like you . 
  then again , if the eu signs the deal in the future other parties might see this as precedent that the eu 's requirements are not set in stone and draw out negotiations . 
  that being said , i think the eu should sign the deal no matter what . 
  loosing the ukraine to russia 's sphere of influence is a huge mistake . 
  this is going to be interesting . 
  the federal bank advises against a federal minimum income because of the east 's lower purchasing power . 
  then again , maybe this will boost domestic demand . 
  guess we wo n't get to enjoy ukrainian goods after all . 
  oh my , this is surprising to hear . 
  next you tell me i can pay for groceries with it ? 
  in future i will refrain from such activity and only post slogans , memes , ideas directly contrary to any accepted economic science or organisational principle and only approved opinions by the community . 
  i benefit from this as much as the rest of the community since my brain can lower its activity and my body then needs less fuel to run . 
  if i had to put my money on the line , i 'd bet ukraine wo n't get the option to sign an association agreement . 
  though i very much hope so with the prospect of eu membership . 
  you still can do research . 
  still ca n't hurt to research the possibility . 
  if you state your desired field , you can get more specialised help . 
  also , the overwhelming majority of us americans has european ancestry or the right to citizenship of a country in the eu/eea which could make your process vastly easier . 
  well not by god but by the eu acquis . 
  no discrimination between nationals and foreigners from the eu except for voting rights and security sensitive public employment . 
  that argument * `` they are so different from us '' * is quite simply idiotic . 
  sure , scandinavian countries , austria and the dutch are closer to the germans than say romania but we are still very close . 
  why should tolls work in austria but not germany ? 
  why should direct democracy work in switzerland but not anywhere else ? 
  and so on . 
  we could end any kind of subsidy to meat production and properly tax it according to the environmental damage it causes . 
  no need to have something as stupid as a vegetarian day . 
  we seriously need to diversify our energy sources . 
  lng from north america , solar from the southern states and north africa , ... everything goes . 
  of course , why not ? 
  what could possibly go wrong with our dear beloved governments having that much information about us ? 
  no historical precedent comes to mind . 
  on questions like these i like europe having so many states . 
  some try this , some try that and we can learn from each other 's mistakes . 
   in the end , the policy choice comes back to culture and ideology , argues susanne dodillet at the university of g\u00f6teborg . 
  both the swedish and the german laws originated in the feminist and left-leaning movements in these countries . 
  but whereas progressive swedes view their state as able to set positive goals , germans ( the greens , especially ) mistrust the state on questions of personal morality as a hypocritical and authoritarian threat to self-expression . 
  only this can explain why swedes continue overwhelmingly to support their policy , and germans theirs . 
  the germans and the * greens * especially think that the state should not police morality ? 
  then what in hell is a vegetarian day anything else ? 
  generally , as a german i find it strange that so few countries are federations but centralised . 
  i like the states having quite extensive autonomy . 
  then again , with all the countries being in the eu , the federal government can act as a superfluous intermediary . 
  i was under the impression that northern italy has it quite well , quite comparable or even better than the netherlands . 
  southern italy on the other hand is quite backwards and crime ridden . 
  maybe northen italy could secede ? 
  excellent point . 
  there are some precedents to this . 
  thing is , after a while accident rates go up as people get used to the changed circumstances . 
  i heard there is some equipment left from the romans , can you use that ? 
  well you still have a border with ireland and if you let the scots leave you can enjoy that too .
