  bavaria is by far the largest contributor and tries to get rid of the transfer union . 
  i 'll see if i find a list of competencies for the federal government and the states so you can judge for yourself what is to be gained or not . 
  edit : [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federalism_in_germany ) describing roughly how it is . 
  i think this sounds like a nice possibility for a eu constitution . 
  i think if catalonia actually gains independence and it goes over well it will fuel the other movements in spain like the basque . 
  this becomes more apparent in federations such as germany . 
  why do i need a federal government if i have a federal eu ? 
  what possible policy is there that benefits germany 's sixteen states but not the eu and vice versa ? 
  but mainly i would love to see a major city-state in europe , like hamburg . 
  how much support is there actually ? 
  would the faroe islands then become another micro state ? 
  pretty unrealistic to have a state secede in germany . 
  if i had to choose , bavaria would be most likely , but still improbable . 
  if you study german history you will realise that german identity is ... complicated , leading to banter like germans against bavarians , north versus south , east versus west . 
  unlike the scottish movement there is nothing concrete in the works . 
  it was more a quip than a serious answer . 
  my uneducated guess would be that they 'd become an independent republic as they would otherwise double austria 's population . 
  hope the catalans will reach independence . 
  i could see bavaria leaving . 
  this kind of behaviour is quite common with small entities with special status within a country . 
  take the news from a couple of days ago with the faroe islands , that they could n't export their sea food to denmark . 
  well they ca n't be both not members of the eu [ sic ] * and * not subject to import restrictions . 
  same with gibraltar . 
  they ca n't be both pretty much uk * and * enjoy the rights schengen members have . 
  the stronger the law the better . 
  can you compare the two please ? 
  gold , glory , all the same . 
  clever . 
  you may comment for another day . 
  it did n't influence the discussion about croatia all too much . 
  anyways , feel free to propose a better way to choose countries . 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  you know what , scratch the countries . 
  obviously this is a ploy so that international capitalists can exploit the ultra high quality food buyers in europe so we are all forced to eat sick meat and need to buy medicine from american companies to get better again . 
  in truth it is because of farming subsidies that make fodder cheaper in the us compared to europe warranting this practice . 
  maybe some comparative advantage as the us less densely populated and land can be cheaper . 
  i am sure the same is true for us states , that some will be less dependent on each other . 
  so far i got no monetary benefit from this . 
  i choose whatever i feel like . 
  though if there is a major news story i choose the respective country . 
  and after picking a country i know well i pick one i know less well . 
  visiting all of them and using my fame to get discounts and romantic encounters . 
  edit : now seriously , making this series and reading the responses made me want to visit so much of europe . 
  but with not all too much money i need to make solid plans for long travel , stays and maybe work . 
  not in / r/europe, 
  on a different note , i am starting to learn that 50 countries in europe is a lot ... 
  since when is bulgaria 's currency pegged to the euro ? 
  asking who downvotes quite rudely and asking if we want to `` get fucked up the ass by scummers '', 
  / r/europe is a fickle beast . 
  there are some americans here too , so that can contribute . 
  anyway , it 's `` scammer '' not `` scummer '' . 
  a hot girl on my bed in the summer . . mmmm, 
  interesting . 
  i wonder how difficult it would be to understand written norwegian as a german and vice versa . 
  could i then also read swedish and danish ? 
  it bothers me that i always catch a word or two but know that i wo n't get most of it . 
  well , the beijing-line being uneconomical does not exclude us from building the network ever farther east . 
  there are so many cities not yet connected . 
  i dream of the day when cities are n't visibly packed full of cars and bicyles . 
  yes the latter are good for your health , no i do n't find them aesthetically appealing . 
  personally i like trains because of the gorgeous scenery . 
  you have more room in a train and are spared the hideous checkin and checkout . 
  if kerosene was taxed properly i am sure that air travel in europe would be completely uncompetitive compared to rail . 
  and there is just something about riding a train to china and being there in a little bit over a day . 
  also , i really love gigantic projects , such as the hypothetical gibraltar tunnel . 
  alternative title : tensions and agendas in europe explained in three minutes . 
  i love giant projects . 
  just build the high speed network ever farther to the east . 
  hamburg to moscow in six hours !, 
  and from hamburg to beijing in 25 hours !, 
  assuming a 300km/h train as the crow flies . 
  what a beautiful mess . 
  obviously . 
  but what traveler thinks `` oh it 's just because other people want to travel too . '', 
  instead of `` god damnit , drive ! '', 
  i am not sure why you get upvoted so much and i got a downvote . 
  i wanted to point out how these ridiculous results are obtained , namely by fudging the assumptions just the right way . 
   if a train full with passengers is n't less polluting than a car , i 'll eat my damn shoe . 
  depends on how you calculate . 
  of course for these kind of calculations you make the worst possible assumptions for the train ( many stops , low passenger load , include energy required to build the train , suboptimal energy mix ) and optimal assumptions for the car ( intelligent driver , maximum seating , travel at optimal speed , biofuel ) . 
   also the people that wrote this do n't know much about physics . 
  the power required to move a mass depends on the third power of speed , actually . 
  to be fair , the work w required to move from a to b at velocity v over a distance d can be expressed as w ~ v ^ 2 d though i highly doubt that is what they meant . 
  what is worse is the exponentiality claim which would actually be devestating for faster travel in a fluid medium . 
   this sounds pretty similar to ludism to me . 
  luddism appears every few years and stems from either a fear of technology or a lack of economical knowledge . 
  i will offer another perspective than the article provides . 
  some of it will be at lower speeds than discussed , but the point ultimately still stands . 
  my studies are done in a city close to where i grew up and a lot of my friends are still situated there . 
  close meaning that i can travel here to there in 30min by car . 
  should i use public transportation it will take a whooping 1.5 h for any one way . 
  taking studies seriously and working a bit to cover expenses makes it virtually impossible to see my friends during the week and over the weekend it is a major hurdle , too . 
  for various reasons there is no improvement in sight . 
  a highway that should n't be built here because the people there do n't want to have their idyllic lifes with multiple hours commute disrupted by a little noise , a train there that is not allowed to go faster because it is too loud here . 
  and so everyone who does not travel by car is disadvantaged . 
  but let 's switch to longer distances . 
  in the past century some people were very willing to move closer to working opportunities , even moving to foreign countries with great gains . 
  affordable , fast travel reduces the need to switch domiciles and allows people to look in a larger radius for work . 
  a train that goes twice as fast reduces the travel time by 50 % and what is travel time to and from work but time lost living ? 
  yes , a slower life may be safer but it is also a poorer life .
