  one ex-yugoslav complimenting another and them not killing each other !, 
  how peaceful . 
  united kingdom , and i fart in their general direction !, 
  i am very curious about how this eurasian union will develop and what its relationship with the eu will look like . 
  though in this case china is invisible and there are quite some differences and additional information . 
  seriously , i knew that sweden had some strange laws and i 'd have guessed that italy being catholic would also be prosecuting but i certainly was not expecting this . 
  seems like i have to move to the dutch part of belgium . 
  sufficient distance to the netherlands not to be annoyed by drunk foreigners but still access to all the fun parts . 
  and beer . 
  and chocolate . 
  [ only correct answer as a german ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5b/quaterionenadler_david_de_negker.svg ) . 
  i interpret the [ community rules and guidelines ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) as allowing non-english content but it is frowned upon not to provide a translation . 
  having ido as the main language around here would be great but english is already the standard because of the prevalence on the rest of reddit . 
  but everyone speaks english , why do they need other languages ? 
  i hope all goes well with you digitising government work . 
  you will then be a rolemodel for the eu on this matter . 
   the highest court in germany , the federal constitutional court in karlsruhe is hearing a case about the 3-percent clause for the election of the european parliament . 
  the 3-percent clause was adopted after the court in karlsruhe deemed the 5-percent clause unconstitutional . 
  wait what ? 
  karlsruhe actually ruled the 5-percent clause unconstitutional ? 
  does this mean that the current election results are unconstitutional too ? 
  do anything to avoid a military like the us military . 
  then do anything to avoid a situation where the eu theoretically and realistically can use force against a member . 
  any solution i could agree with should conform to these constraints at least . 
   economic growth is at 4.1 % . 
  wages are rising fast . 
  compare this with the wester economies . 
  eastern europe has a bright future ahead . 
  good , i think . 
  albania will have to wait , apparently . 
  i wonder about kosovo . 
  assuming the saa will be negotiated by mid-2014 , will they then submit a membership application ? 
  i 'd be tremendously happy if you guys reached nordic standards . 
  the focus on it will help massively . 
  what is it in the last few days with all this talk about common military or military police ? 
  since you seem knowledgable , what models for a common defence policy are being discussed ? 
  personally i am not sure i 'd feel comfortable with a giant `` eu military '' and fear that it will mutate in the european equivalent of the usa . 
  ah , the shortsightedness of politics . 
  thing is , the deal was that albania implements some reforms and then they can become an official candidate . 
  candidate status can then be used to exert even more control over the necessary reforms . 
  i do n't see why the netherlands ca n't accept them as candidate and then veto once it comes to actual membership . 
  meanwhile a flight takes 1.5 h plus checking time . 
   the english vocabulary is actually very close to the romance languages , because of a long anglo-norman period . 
  ( i highlighted the words that are the same in french . ), 
   even if not everyone speaks english fluently , close to 90 percent do . 
  no , the number is closer to 50 % , though higher with younger people . 
   english is also extremely easy to learn compared to most other european languages . 
  there practically is no grammar in english . 
  no cases , no gender , no word agreement . 
  you thinking no grammar english ? 
  the vocabulary is quite different from the slavic and romance languages . 
  the spelling is a catastrophe . 
  and there are plenty of grammar rules that are problematic for non-natives . 
   and let 's face it . 
  the other languages you listed are not nearly as wide spread as english . 
  i 'll give you that , but not to the extent you think it is . 
  english is more widespread , yes , but the vast majority of the world does not speak it . 
  i wo n't discuss this further as the topic always goes the way roughly outlined in the parent . 
  i am amused again and again that scandinavian contributors and people from the british isles are willing to agree to english as official language where the opinions are more split with people from other countries . 
  can we start betting pools ? 
  lojban is yet too small in terms of community for me to learn it , maybe at a later point in life . 
  it having a perfectly consistent grammar is fascinating though . 
  but i prefer to learn major living languages . 
  spanish , russian , portuguese , mandarin , arabic , french . 
  when duolingo will add support for english to esperanto/ido i will learn it right away as the time commited should be really low and actions speak louder than words . 
  it has been discussed numerous times around here and the more popular opinion is to make english the official language , ignoring that the uk vastly benefits from such an option . 
  the popular argument is that practically everyone in the world and especially in europe speaks it fluently ( they do n't ) , it is easy to learn ( it is n't ) and it is spoken around the world ( as if french , spanish and portuguese would n't satisfy those criteria as well . ), 
  the obvious explanation for this opinion is the bias of any person around here : everyone * here * is fluent in english and consumes the majority of their entertainment and info in english . 
  the alternative , having people learn an artificial language like esperanto , is ridiculed . 
  why not klingon , hungarian , chinese ? 
  because the latter are ridiculously hard to learn and the first and last do not have cultural roots in europe . 
  esperanto was invented in the 19th century as a solution to the problem of having so many languages on such a small continent , providing a simple to learn lingua franca while allowing any smaller culture to retain their native language . 
  you might gather that i am against the english language as sole official language of europe . 
  i am however in favour of * a * sole official language of europe . 
  [ several studies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaedeutic_value_of_esperanto ) show that learning esperanto first makes it vastly easier to learn other languages later on as the grammatical structure is clear by construction . 
  the propedeutic value of esperanto alone merits teaching it as early as possible on a continent as linguistically diverse as europe . 
  ido is a more diverse successor to esperanto . 
  critics said that esperanto 's vocabulary is loaded with latin roots and the creator of ido addressed this issue by extending the vocabulary base to germanic and slavic roots . 
  how available is this khat outside of the uk ? 
  i ask out of scientific curiosity . 
  this is getting more interesting by the minute . 
  well put and nice counterpoint to `` expansion fatigue . '', 
  while it may be difficult to integrate even more members while we deal with current and systemic problems , there is also huge risk in delaying integration of the balkan countries . 
  it does not . 
  downvote and move on . 
  imagine if this system was deployed eu/eea wide . 
  all the institutions could easily communicate with each other , i could just start a company where the laws are favorable , sign an insurance contract whenever i need it and in general reduce paper waste . 
  i just hope the system would be actually cryptographically secure as in the government ca n't decrypt anything i encrypt and the whole design is open source . 
  too bad , having them as candidate status would give the eu massive power over them to exert necessary reforms to improve the country 's state . 
  then again , we do have enlargement fatigue . 
  this could never fly in germany , for some reason . 
  i would love to have all german books ever published in digital , searchable form , even if i ca n't access all of them , though that would be perfect . 
  let europe be the first on this one . 
  that being said i only entertained that thought for a short fantasy . 
  as a german citizen the benefits of the nordic union are quite marginal . 
  so you are saying i have to live for five years in either finland or sweden to have the bonus of nordic passport union and one of the best passports ? 
  i wonder what these 5000 $ apartments look like . 
  are they structurally unsound or in dire need of renovation ? 
  are they tiny , far from any kind of attraction ? 
  what are we talking about here ?
