  so the issue is that half of the union ca n't be arsed to ratify the agreement ? 
  the european countries should do more to support those free and democratic countries . 
  especially since virtually all of them speak european languages . 
  this is giving me headaches . 
  how can we clean this up a bit ? 
  croatia could finally join the eea ( how have they not joined yet ? ), 
  and while we are at it , putting them into schengen , just as with bulgaria and romania . 
  cyprus would need to be reunified to also join schengen . 
  the balkan countries can join the eu , then dissolve cefta . 
  belarus can abolish the death penalty and join the council of europe . 
  have i missed any easy adjustments ? 
  a map with final values to complement this would be very nice . 
  until then wow lithuania . 
  georgia !, 
  damn irish tax haven . 
  lol , brexit ca n't growth . 
  the numbers are the increase , that is the difference between 2016 and 2021 . 
  as said before and will be said again : if we intend to share borders , to never attack each other again and to protect each other from any foreign threat - since geostrategically any one member falling puts everyone else in peril 's way - a single , common border protection force and military makes sense . 
  so go ahead with military integration . 
  we could also start accepting eu citizens for military service and not only german citizens . 
  might increase the pool of applicants . 
  i do n't complain , i applaud . 
  to be more precise , i stress that they use a copyleft license . 
  how do you read complaining from the first sentence ? 
  so far i am underwhelmed by european audiovisual media . 
  maybe that will change with netflix wanting to get a global return on investment ? 
  remarkably they use a license with copyleft , meaning that any derivative works need to be put under the same terms . 
  as a matter of principle , all works funded by government agencies should be under open licenses , be it media ( cc-by-sa ) , programs ( gpl ) , data ( odl ) or patents ( dpl ) . 
  that is regarding the decisions about how to proceed with withdrawal from the eu . 
  the way i read it the leaving member still has voting rights , just not about the withdrawal . 
  new members do n't have a vote in the accession talks that were already started when they became a member . 
  so the difference between `` ah come on it 's not going to happen , i 'm a good driver '' and `` so what , then someone dies '' ? 
  seems rather artificial . 
  how are similar cases handled ? 
  what if a pharmacist waters down prescriptions to turn higher profit ? 
  they certainly know someone might die , could they argue `` no i thought i knew better than the physicians '' ? 
  what if i load a revolver with a round , turn the drum like russian roulette , point it at someone and pull the trigger ? 
  could i argue `` no , 5/6 is pretty high chance , i did n't think it would actually go off '' ? 
  the primary function of prison is separating a convict from society such that they can not harm it further and the parts of society they were in contact with do not contribute to further crime . 
  prison as plain punishment is akin to plain torture and quite inhumane - if that was our goal we 'd give convicts the choice : a hundred lashes and be done with it , or three years in prison . 
  yet we do not . 
  lifelong sentence in a case like this is extremely appropriate as the circumstances show that there is something very wrong with these people that needs lifelong monitoring . 
  we can discuss whether the 15 years of obligatory prison time might be too much , considering the circumstances , but the rest seems appropriate . 
  in cases of life sentences , what terms are there for parole ? 
  can a judge require arbitrary terms from the convict ( of course within the confines of human dignity ) ? 
  i am thinking stuff like requiring them to educate youths on the dangers of driving fast , house arrest or such . 
  medium-term , punishments like these seem more productive than plain prison time . 
  i wonder how the `` eventualvorsatz '' is n't just assumed . 
  having a valid driver 's license shows that you took the driver 's test which in turn shows that you have understanding how dangerous driving over the speed limit is . 
  in line with the other comment , therefore a driver accused of driving excessively fast needs to prove that they did * not * know how dangerous that is , * despite taking the driver 's test * . 
  lifelong ban from grabbing a wheel again should be obligatory . 
  sure , we can work with 9.5 million people . 
  their gdp per capita is comparable with bulgaria and higher than all of the current candidates for accession . 
  having the option at all . 
  personally i am an advocate for swiss style direct democracy , but other types are just as well . 
  people often lament the lack of democracy in the eu , direct referenda are rather democratic i think and could be applied for fundamental changes to the eu 's workings or be used as a kind of government sponsored poll , such as a `` resolution of the people '' kind of thing . 
  take for example the never ending debate over the eu having more or less power and cries over sovereignity . 
  a single eu wide vote could clear the matter up such as `` are you in favour of the eu developing into a federation ? '', 
  or `` are you in favour of a eu military ? '', 
  and on . 
  people around here are kind of against popular referenda after brexit and trump 's election , yet they are a powerful tool of democracy . 
  personally i think they should be mandatory for constitutional changes as they do fix the state 's functioning for longer than the current and next government 's existance , by design . 
  the populace , however , will be there for that time , by definition . 
  i do n't see anything about direct democracy and popular referenda , sadly . 
  why should it be abolished ? 
  having them vote by qmv seems healthy instead of using unanimous voting on everything . 
  direct election would also be nice to have . 
  there would be little point , as schengen is mainly for abolishing border controls , which makes sense if you can travel over the border with a bike or a short plane trip , but less so with transatlantic travel . 
  joining schengen would make sense to have access to its information system , but you 'd be giving up control over giving separate visas . 
  if you are interested in having the four freedoms in the eu/eea/efta you 'd need to to join either the first of these for full benefits or one of the latter for partial benefits . 
  neither are open to non-european countries without a change to the foundational treaties . 
  schengen , which in theory is open to non-european countries , does * not * confer any benefits of eu citizenship . 
  although i am in favour of expanding the eu to a union of democratic states in the medium and long term . 
  since nafta might be canceled and the eu is ( re ) negotiating ftas with canada and mexico , i 'd have hoped that we could negotiate something like a transatlantic free trade association ( tafta ) without the us , if need be . 
  this tafta should then be open to all democratic countries on the european and american continents . 
  i 'd rather prefer buying gas and oil from you instead of russia and azerbaijan . 
  yeah , it is the third most densely populated region in the world after the hindus valley and the pearl river delta . 
  you ca n't walk in any direction for 10km without hitting a town . 
  in germany a law allowing for medical cannabis will come into force in march . 
  it is a plain human rights issue . 
  arguing that potential substance abuse leads to public costs through treatment or lowered productivity is a chain of argument you do not want to follow . 
  taking away the route of prohibition takes away the easy way out and forces us to follow the sustainable road in finding and fixing the underlying social issues and reasons people abuse drugs in the first place . 
  germany 's share is a lot lower than what i had in memory . 
  funnily , netherlands could beat us overnight in quitting nuclear power , just close the one reactor they have . 
  what opinions do they have on that matter ? 
  or for that matter , everyone else ? 
  not so sneaky edit : this [ german source ] ( https://www.bmwi.de/redaktion/de/dossier/erneuerbare-energien.html ) puts nuclear share even at 13,1 % . 
   fact # 1 germany will join italy in that club . 
  am i blind or does the article say nothing about full legalisation ? 
   it 's mostly driven by high labor costs . 
  for every krone/crown a worker is payed , the total cost of labor for the company employing them is about double that due to regulations , pension fund payments , insurance and numerous other social and financial costs . 
  exactly . 
  the employees do n't have to pay taxes and payments , so they go along as well . 
  it is not much of a surprise that if you make it ever more difficult to legally employ people both the company and the employees get more motivated to circumvent the regulations . 
  but suggest that * maybe * we should rework the whole system of taxation and regulation and everyone loses their minds . 
  slippery slope tactics . 
  because some people think that drugs need to be prohibited , the people that want to legalize them use the medical route to at least get clean producers like pharmaceutical companies as opposed to some crackhead in his basement . 
  then when some studies appear that - suprise surprise - you do n't fucking die from injecting a marijuana maybe , just maybe the rest of the population realize that the green stuff grampa smokes against his aching back is n't cursed by the devil and people might have a right to use it - or not to use it . 
  fuck conscription . 
  ( see the standard arguments against it ) making it voluntary has the side effect that the organizers need to make it attractive : a voluntary force is always more motivated than a conscripted one .
