  the parliament has absolutely no power in the public 's perception and so interest should be very low i suppose . 
  at least around here we only hear what the bundestag did and what our dear government did with regards to the eu but we almost never hear about the eu parliament . 
  they were never seriously discussed but morocco applied . 
  for ease of discussion they were dismissed because they are not on the european continent . 
  still , it is an interesting question i think . 
  i would like to extend this question to any potential member country discussed in the past or currently , like morocco or ukraine . 
  not to mention that the population of the eu would increase by more than a half . 
  or uk can ask india and triple the eu population . 
  ... if we all spoke one language ? 
  similar stories also exist for italian troops . 
  i am sure you witness the discussion any time minority languages are mentioned , how some french speaker will chime in and say that he never saw anyone speak the language or so , saying that basque , catalan and occitan are all non-existant and maybe there is a super-old breton or so that speaks some unusual self-taught variant of that . 
  anyhow , i am very happy to see that measures are taken to preserve local culture . 
  that being said , i cant help but to imagine how many languages died on germany 's territory . 
  from what i get in this subreddit , the local langages in france are pretty much dead as opposed to other languages that are still alive and well . 
  you guys could be the first modern country to go completely independent from oil for energy purposes . 
  plastics and medication will still need oil but there will be substitutes surely . 
  in other news , how many people around here want to learn another language , say norwegian ? 
  no need to argue , they are better . 
  the stories i hear about the capabilities of estonian ecards and the system around it are nothing short of amazing . 
  basically they have one card for everything and they can legally identify themselves online , meaning any and all contracts can be signed online . 
  i hope this whole thing spreads and as usual , the smaller countries will get it first because of scale arguments . 
  i do n't plan to . 
  maybe in another series , but not in this one . 
  dutch , at least per wikipedia . 
  my first try . 
  languages should be obvious , darker shades represent native populations , lighter shades indicate status as official language . 
  please do not be confused that i chose light green for portuguese and dark green for spanish . 
  what 's up with all the people from transylvania ? 
   at least you 're honest about it . 
  i 'll take that as a compliment . 
   as for me , society has given me a lot , and i am proud to be in a position to give back a lot to society . 
  i do pay my taxes and donate to charity , so there 's that . 
   well , cry me a river . 
  transfers are between individuals , not territories . 
  if you mind paying taxes to keep public services for less fortunate people , both in your region and in others , at least be honest about it and do n't try to hide behind a flag , enrolling into your cause people without the same pecuniary interest . 
  that is just politics as usual . 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
  anyhow , you want to see transfers , i and many other people do not . 
  i do n't think either of us will convince the other to change his/her mind . 
   much of germany 's wealth is in bavaria . 
  that still does n't necessarily make lederhosen-patriotism any more respectable . 
  i would n't mind seeing the bavarians leave . 
   just to point out that spain is not the only country in europe where a reasonably fair system of redistribution from rich to poor individuals can lead to transfers between regions . 
  what some see as `` self-determination '' , others may see as sheer selfishness . 
  berlin is on the receiving end of transfers , bavaria is not . 
  and it is the bavarians that want an end to the * l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich * . 
  transfers seen as unjust by those that pay them breed resentment . 
   other regions , such as madrid , actually contribute more per capita . 
  i know . 
  still much of the countrys wealth is in catalonia . 
   btw , you are n't from berlin , by any chance ? 
  ( hoists bavarian flag ... ) no i am not from berlin . 
  why do you ask ? 
  so saturday evening you are free and sometime thursday you have to be in paris ? 
  i suggest staying two days in munich , stop for a day 's stroll in heidelberg , visit stra\u00dfbourg and allot some time for paris as well , if you have n't been . 
  no problem . 
  europe is a really nice , highly diverse place and i do not want to discourage you . 
  be subscribed to / r/europe , read the [ series about what people know about countries ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/1g16kp ) by yours truly to be informed about europe as a cultural region and to see what place seems attractive . 
  four to five years should be enough time to decide on a country , visit it a while , learn the respective language to b2 level , establish contacts , find a place to live and work at . 
  this all assumes you will finish your phd and move very shortly after . 
  i study physics in germany though i think i will switch to a different subject . 
  again , if you have more questions regarding languages , cultures or whatever , pm me . 
  my extremely short research says that some forms of amphetamine are available in germany as medication though in case of narcolepsy modafinil is prescribed . 
  talk to a physician in the country you plan to reside in to clear this issue up . 
  a single consultation should cost less than one month of your medication . 
  you apparently have extended family in europe that can help you integrate in your country of choice , take that into consideration . 
  inform yourself which institutions whether public or private are more accepting of foreign nationals as the headache can discourage them . 
  from personal experience i can say germany is extremely accepting and many other countries attractive to a physicist should be too . 
  if you have a real desire to learn a foreign language try moving to a country with a population less willing to speak english , as e.g. 
  in the scandinavian countries there are plenty of stories told by americans being unable to learn the local language as ` everyone ' spoke to them in english . 
  compare the climate of your target countries with your local climate to know if you have to prepare for something entirely different , e.g. 
  californa is quite different from norway . 
  to know which countries fit your particular niche in nuclear physics ( commercial , academic , martial ) you have to ask your advisor . 
  if you do not plan to stay in ( nuclear ) physics particularly you are more free to choose your location . 
  in general uk/germany/france / switzerland are of interest in nuclear physics research . 
  regarding citizenship . 
  if you have citizenship of any eu country , you have eu citizenship with the four freedoms and the right to be treated just like a citizen of any country you reside in for more than three months . 
  i can talk more about the benefits of eu citizenship but you are interested in acquiring one anyway . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_of_the_european_union#summary_of_member_states.27_nationality_laws ) is a summary of the nationality laws , as you see there is no system . 
  belgian and polish citizenship are easiest to acquire , all interesting countries allow dual citizenship . 
  if you have more questions , pm me . 
  there seems to be an angry castillan walking around downvoting everything . 
  guess that happens when one part of the country finances the rest . 
  some more things . 
  2 - to live in the eu citizenship of any eu country is sufficient and requirements vary massively . 
  i can write much more about it , if op is not of ( immediate ) european descent . 
  5 - if you feel comfortable , name the medication . 
  in 99.9 % of all cases a medicament that is available in the usa is available in the eu and vice versa . 
  here in the eu you would take advantage of a very cheap health care system though consider that switching into another system with a preexisting condition can be very difficult . 
  6 - write as much about yourself as you feel comfortable doing it , the more we know the more we can help you . 
  what do you already know about europe and its countries ? 
  existing language skills ? 
  family over here ? 
  and so much much more . 
  i always assumed that those would seperate with catalonia . 
  wish you best of luck and your own government anyway . 
  valencia is sometimes discussed and practically all regions have a separatist movement though catalonia 's is the most active by far . 
  having the chain along the proposed borders to spain would be more aesthetically pleasing . 
  prediction : if catalonia reaches independence , at least two other regions will split off spain . 
  takeaway : no post-communist country is worse off currently than it was under communist rule .
