  maybe combine it as `` what do you know about '' and `` what do you want to know about '' to give it some spice . 
  i 'm open to suggestions . 
  my favourite category of fudging the size of any budget are pension payments . 
  they are usually not done by the agency employing the employees and excluded from wage expenses , even though pension are very much part of wages . 
  so essentially since marginal imports are infinitely expensive the marginal prices decouple . 
  i just browsed through today : what happens between 9:30 and 14:30 that prices in finland are so high compared to the other countries ? 
  looking at the energy flow , finland has extremely high imports for energy , but why is the price not rising for the other countries then ? 
  funny how exact economic theory is : in those countries that joined the common market , there exists a common price . 
  in the seperate , smaller market there is a different price . 
  and the smaller market has the highest price . 
  similarly , i can model the universe as being on the inside of a hollow object by virtue of the fact that i can always transform the equations such that they fit into this description without loss of generality . 
  the only thing that can differentiate between my frame of reference rotating and the rest of the universe rotating is the fact that when `` i rotate '' my arms go up and to the side , but when the universe rotates they do not . 
  ( mach 's principle ) and even then it is an arbitrary choice to say that one is rotating or the other is not . 
  and even beyond that , what difference would this knowledge make to the average person ? 
  sun around earth , earth around sun , who cares ? 
  their problems are on earth and not in the stars , no matter how much romantic bullshit is spewn about the infinite possibilities of an infinite universe . 
  if you mean `` accurately '' to describe with no errors , then no , since you need an infinite amount of fiddle factors . 
  if you mean `` accurately '' to describe within an arbitrary range , then yes , since for any given bound i can give you the amount of fiddle factors you need . 
  but that is for the ptolemaic model , which describes orbits as circular . 
  even the copernican model assumes circular orbits , it was only kepler who first described orbital motion on an ellipsis . 
  i 'm pretty sure if it was n't for games most people could use linux or bsd on their home computers . 
  how come snp is so popular even though they voted to stay in the uk ? 
  you seem like someone interested in building an actual community there , that is nice . 
  you are sadly right in that there is a lot of argument in the forum but argument is cheap . 
  maybe the founders of the state will be wise enough to admit intelligent people first and make them have ( financial ) skin in the game . 
  personally , i would be very happy to spend a few hundred euros and a few weeks to buy materials for an ikea refugee shelter like shed and to build it on my little plot there . 
  i would bring extensive knowledge in science , teaching ability and some experience in it matters . 
  imagine that , an actual country with esperanto as official language . 
  would at least quiet some of the naysayers and give the language a more stable , physical presence . 
  just europe things . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.euabc.com/word/814 )  pension . 
  meps receive a pension paid directly from the eu . 
  it is also calculated as a percentage of the pension for an eu judge . 
  it can be paid when a mep reaches the age of 63 . 
  the amount is 3.5 % of the salary for each year of membership in the ep . 
  the pension can not be above 70 % of the salary . 
  this means that seniority above 20 years does not count for pension rights . 
   member states are allowed to tax the eu pension until the eu court could judge otherwise . 
  when the new `` members statute '' was adopted , leading meps were sure that the court would outlaw national taxation of meps ` new eu salaries . 
  the danish government is taxing both salaries and pensions . 
   extra pension today . 
  previous meps receive their pension from the nation states taxed in the nation states . 
  in addition , they can draw on a voluntary pension scheme set up by the european parliament itself . 
  meps paid 1/3 of the contribution while the eu budget paid 2/3 of the costs . 
  i fully agree . 
  solar energy from northern africa can be one more valuable piece in the puzzle of european energy supply . 
  if i got some social recognition , i 'd be very willing to help clean up my city : paint over graffiti the immediate next day , pick up litter , remove gum from sidewalks . 
  on second thought this seems like something you could do with teenagers : pay them a small sum from donations - budgets are overblown as they always are - and have them clean up the city . 
  the work is n't done anyhow , so you do n't take away any jobs , the teenagers get some pocket money and build work ethic . 
   morocco 's gradual integration into the internal market of the eu through legislative and regulatory convergence . 
  several bills have been prepared in morocco for this purpose , often with the support of the eu ( for instance through twinning between european and moroccan authorities ) . 
  thanks to the program `` succeed the advanced status '' ( 180 million $ ) , the eu supports the development of a national convergence plan that will help morocco take advantage of the potential offered by a possible accession to the eu internal market . 
  so morocco could , in principle , get a similar deal with the eu as the swiss have , that is not membership of eea but similar access to the eea by way of fta ? 
  * and this is planned ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  was there an announcement that romania now plausibly intends to join the eurozone ? 
  visa-free travel between eu countries and russia was also on the table . 
  i 'm going for a beer . 
  or twenty . 
  you know , to forget . 
  so why not make a line from iceland to the mainland and transfer that sweet geothermal energy ? 
  might also stabilise their exchange rate somewhat if they export large amounts of electrical energy . 
  if you guys continue to eliminate corruption as efficiently as you are doing it now , i have to say that romania has a very bright future ahead of it . 
  low levels of debt , some natural ressources , i assume an educated population and reasonable geopolitical position . 
  do n't get me wrong , besides waived taxes on purchase and ownership i disagree with virtually all of the subsidies as they destroy other incentives like not wasting parking space . 
  even more efficient than the adoption of electric cars with respect to reduce energy consumption is to incentivise use of bicycles , motor bikes , car sharing , fuller taxis , buses , trams and trains . 
  cars , especially if occupied by only the driver , are a catastrophy from an energetic point of view and waste valuable real estate in cities both moving and at rest . 
  but no meaningful progress will happen as there are * massive * lobbies at work hindering any meaningful progress in most of the categories named above . 
  cheapest electric cars [ start at $ 24,000 ] ( http://www.greencarreports.com/news/1080871_electric-car-price-guide-every-2012-2013-plug-in-car-with-specs ) . 
  norway again is doing it very right in incentivising electric car ownership with free recharges , no taxes on purchase and ownership whatsoever , free parking , free use of motorways and permission to use the special lane for buses and taxis . 
  if the eu was serious about ending reliance on fossil fuels and thus adoption of electric cars we 'd have these kinds of incentives eu wide . 
  meanwhile the rate of ownership for electric and hybrid vehicles can only be described as anemic . 
  but am i the only one that feels like choosing one of national languages ( like english ) would be a bad decision ? 
  i 'd prefer languages like esperanto . 
  it 's easy to learn and it 's not a national language of any country . 
  it 's completely neutral . 
  this subs response to esperanto is ridiculous but sadly representative of the general populace 's opinion . 
  english will dominate and make everyone born in countries outside of the anglosphere second-class citizens of the world . 
  / u/savannajeff i call you . 
  it works without gold too by now . 
  see my answer to / u/codenamepingu . 
  [ wiktionary ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/proud#adjective ) says that being proud of something is being happy about it and honored by it . 
  i do n't see how this definition excludes the possibility of being proud of , that is being honored by and being happy about , something only because it is largely out of our control . 
  i am * very * happy to be able to live in one of the most developed countries on earth and i am honored that i am allowed to take advantage of the vast ressources the social and economic system is giving to me . 
  15 more to open , 31 to close in total . 
  montenegro is a small country so its impact wo n't be huge on the eu . 
  with the apparent five year halt on accepting new members we might see serbia joining at the same time as montenegro . 
  that site is excellent !, 
  thank you very much . 
  / u/eberkut says the unitary patent is pending a court ruling . 
  so what is the actual situation ? 
  inb4 `` but bbc iplayer ! '', 
  edit : too slow . 
  i do n't mind pay-gates . 
  rather i am the customer than the product . 
  anyone who argues that geoblocking is a good thing because it allows smaller streaming services to grow or it makes licences cheaper : why not split up countries into zones and offer licences on the scale of nuts-2 or nuts-3 regions ? 
  would n't that be something to be able to see one movie in naples but not in rome , to be able to watch a series in barcelona but not in madrid ? 
  markets will adapt , as will the paying models for the content industry . 
  anyhow , i do n't want to read about how the eu `` moves to '' , `` plans to '' and `` intends to '' stop geoblocking . 
  give me concrete proposals and a timeline .
