  i did n't even know that governments would do that . 
  so creditors now have to be conscious of which sub-sovereign entities they lend to ? 
  is the list of their ratings available for free ? 
  sub-sovereign entities actually have to watch their spending ? 
  damn , i like it . 
  why do so many retarded forms assume that you have only one native language or only one mother tongue ? 
  plenty of people grow up speaking many languages by the time they 'd first receive formal schooling . 
  see for example someone born with a german and a french parent , learning both languages from day one , which is the native language ? 
  which is the mother tongue ? 
  both , any other assumption is retarded . 
  a much more apt question to ask is `` which of these languages can you speak proficiently enough to hold a basic conversation ? '', 
  implying that native status is irrelevant or `` which of these languages have you learned after the age of six to such a degree that [ ... ] '' forcing the answer to be about * foreign * languages learned with purpose . 
  considering that you 'd have to speak french with french people , the choice to learn german is an instant win . 
  yes , let 's hope so . 
  it is an atrocity that we let the us have the lead in ( cargo ) rail and that our networks are so weakly linked . 
  good , now this abomination of `` i went to the czech republic '' can die and we can say `` travel to czechia ! '', 
  as far as i am aware , it was only in english where it was unusual to call the czech republic by `` czechia . '', 
  next up : lithuania asks to be called with a hard `` t '' instead of `` th '' , as it is called in every language besides english . 
  keep in mind that this is the * total number of births * . 
  with a much larger population today , finland has fewer total births than in a famine 150 years ago . 
  absolutely less strain . 
  in each and every case i encountered government-controlled sectors give worse results than private/free-market solutions . 
  government should concentrate on its core competencies , that is judiciary , inner and outer security and cutting cheques . 
  regarding health care : we had a discussion a couple of years ago where the left parties proposed a citizen 's insurance , which basically would be a single government-owned insurer with no opt-out . 
  the physician 's organisations and representatives of insurers and industry were all against it based on cost considerations . 
  health care fulfills all criteria for a functioning market , so i see little reason for having it publically owned . 
  for various reasons we do not want to deny people access to medicine , so basic government regulation can be to force insurers to take on patients regardless of health and expecially income status under certain conditions on both sides . 
  it is a rather complex topic and reddit is certainly not the best platform to discuss it . 
  it is an extremely emotional topic as everyone knows someone who suffered under one system or the other and involves many considerations on many sides , like financing and philosophical expectations . 
  however , as initially said , private solutions seem more interesting , as they innovate faster . 
  for example private insurance was the first to introduce non-smoker contracts where you get reduced rate if you do n't smoke . 
  public insurance however pays for the full treatment costs . 
   that 's why germany decided to do the worst : have both : public + private ... but only the wealthy are allowed to quit the public ... 
  yes , have the balls to go either way , but this half-assed system is very damaging . 
  looking at the index however , we do not seem to be doing so bad . 
  we could be doing better of course and the index does n't seem to be measuring bureaucratic costs . 
  note that the dutch system is also largely privatised . 
  they have private insurance for mostly non-chronic diseases and public insurance for chronic diseases with considerable long-term costs . 
  those dots above the `` e '' are unnecessary . 
  so would i , but strangely enough so many people are against direct democracy that i shake my head in disbelief . 
  i did n't want to edit the title , so we 're left with it as is . 
  thank for pointing out the hyperbole though . 
  i wonder how that proposed ban vibes with internal market rules of the eu . 
  would that be legal or not ? 
  so this is basically one element of direct democracy . 
  the next element would be to trigger a vote if the citizen 's motion is denied , but a higher signature threshold is reached , also called a * referendum * . 
  sure , unless it did n't . 
  but * unless * you try it you never know . 
  the swiss seem capable of it , so why should n't the germans be capable ? 
  that would be glorious . 
  also it would show that the twelth most popolous country in the world is capable of direct democracy , leaving no excuse for each and every country in europe besides russia . 
  because they might get direct democracy ? 
  i envy them . 
  build an electric cable to the continent , that is faroe , uk and norway . 
  with geothermal sources that amounts to an absurd income . 
   but it does n't apply to all products/services that is a feature of the current system . 
  nothing is stopping you from changing the relevant law in such a way that no products or services are exempt , including rent , medical services , schooling , food , clothes , phones , heavy machinery , raw materials and so on . 
   certain companies would come out of tax altogether . 
  that might even be a desirable feature such as for medical services and basic necessities . 
  however a regime where everything is taxed equally with a basic income for basic necessities is the least distortionary tax . 
  i do n't see what the point of introducing that sales tax is , instead of just raising vat . 
  the way you introduced it incentivises consolidation as you can not just deduct sales tax . 
  vat already does what you want by construction . 
  this is essentially vat . 
  the rate with current government spending needs to be something like 20 % + with no corporate tax . 
  a huge advantage of vat is that there is no incentive to skirt it , quite the contrary . 
  as long as the last entity in the chain , that is the consumer , wants a receipt with vat on it , all other entities in the supply chain are incentivised to get receipts with vat as they can deduct already paid vat from their tax bill . 
  further , this taxes all entities in the supply chain proportionally to their economic contribution , since vat is a flat rate paid on gross revenue minus costs . 
  it does n't incentivise consolidation into huge entities besides processing and accounting costs , which are pretty low if you have clearly stated vat on each and every receipt . 
  since it makes no distinction between legal entities and humans , you can theoretically even do away with income tax as you can treat labour as a vat taxable input . 
  grant vat deductions for work related expenses like transport and you have a massive incentive for each and every recept to have vat on it , making evasion even more difficult . 
  one of the difficulties however is something like food . 
  either you do n't tax it at all , reducing the incentives in that supply chain to pay tax , tax it , then people would need to deduct those as living expenses , which leads to massive surveillance , or you tax it and pay out a basic income proportional to basic living expenses . 
  overall , vat is the second best form of taxation , the best being a land value tax . 
  but we were talking about repealing the corporate income tax , which can be done by vat . 
   she keeps saying it 's got nothing to do with joining the eu but the deal looks pretty political compared to something like the eu-mexico fta and pretty much like the first step to eu membership . 
  it even has quotes from the ukrainian side seeing it as that first step . 
  this is an accession negotiation , especially seeing how many things the ukraine has to harmonise with eu regulations . 
  curious to see what the effects will be , considering how tied to the russians they were/are . 
  i do n't think so . 
  they 'd have to lose the euro and give up their trade to the eu , which i fathom is a larger share of the economy than uk trade is . 
  interesting thought however . 
  we could kick out malta and then get rid of english as an official language of the eu . 
   would ireland be stopped from participating in cross border cooperation and forming a free trade agreement with the uk by the eu ? 
  yes , since the common market and external trade agreements are exclusive union competencies . 
  interesting times we live in . 
  i suppose that the major obstacles to a eu military are the uk , austria and ireland . 
  defence capabilities can be built using existing structures , such as seen with the bundeswehr . 
  have we got any signals on willingness to integrate from the eastern states or is it an initiative led by the western members ? 
  it is amazing that this whole process is flying so low under the radar . 
  might it be that we are completely dominated by anglo sources so stuff like this does n't register when the brits do n't care ? 
  also is there any progress on integrating foreign militaries into the * bundeswehr * ? 
  i know that the second dutch brigade is integrated , what about other ones ? 
  there is a beer river ? 
  the whole thing goes against the costs-by-cause principle . 
  profits from something that uses a lot of land , is environmentally damaging and infrastructure-heavy get taxed the same as profits from a server farm . 
  it discourages reinvestments over dividends . 
  true , even proposing cosmetic changes make people go nuts , such as having the full contributions to state pension , unemployment and health insurance ( and maybe accident insurance ) show up on the employee 's bill , while keeping net pay the exact same . 
  i think i could rant on for a good hour so i 'll have to stop here . 
  note that capital is still taxed in estonia on the level of dividends .
