  receiving goods from either side of the sea duty-free will be nice though . 
  maybe they will join together with montenegro . 
  we are starting to argue really fine points . 
  `` scenario '' has some ring of being planned . 
  i think what / u/benmaster23 tried to say was that there are still things that could happen that we did not think of . 
  `` there are still many unknown cases that could occur at this mission . '', 
  reading through the comments , there are quite some problems with the map . 
  why not use eurostat data which is standardised in methodology for this exact purpose ? 
  interesting . 
  stupid polandball made me look twice at the flag . 
  a highly interesting point . 
  we can read this as an argument to teach more foreign students at our universities . 
  correct . 
  i do n't see how what i wrote could imply that . 
  after a little bit of research it turns out that montenegro actually started opening chapters last month and even has two closed . 
  albania 's candidate status was vetoed by the netherlands , they can try again in a year . 
  bosnia has not made an attempt at eu candidacy and wo n't be able to do until some constitutional things are sorted out . 
  and with macedonia the commision recommended october 2012 to start negotiations but that apparently did n't happen . 
  so maybe montenegro will accede together with serbia . 
  talks might start with macedonia . 
  great , i am stupid . 
  surprised not to see norway mentioned . 
  and that germany is that high . 
  higher than any scandinavian country . 
  and the netherlands . 
  by mid-century we will have wrapped up that nasty hole in the balkan , i hope . 
   accession ? 
  how do you know about romania 's plan to ascend to the status of superpower and destroy the russian plague ? 
  but seriously , they need to be erased from history . 
  montenegro has already begun their negotiations . 
  i am wondering how they are coming along . 
  what montenegro thing ? 
  by the way , how are their accession talks going ? 
  wonder how long they 'll take for the 35 chapters . 
  i find it a bit funny that yugoslavia failed , but the exact same nations united under the eu might work . 
  on a similar note , what other countries could start negotiations this year ? 
  people 's wants are unlimited , but ressources are limited . 
  prices efficiently allocate those ressources . 
  read an economics text book . 
  this discussion is over . 
   the argument against seems to hinge on greedy people who work hard being jealous of people who do n't . 
  what an unfair characterisation . 
  personally i am not concerned with this utopia - which , frankly , will turn out to be a dystopia , as they usually do - but only with streamlining government services by reducing administrative costs and headaches . 
  indeed , one could say i belong to the greedy people working hard being jealous of people who do n't . 
  what 's more , who is the greedy one : the one that wants pay for no work or the one that wants full pay for his work ? 
  in any case , insulting people with differing views will rarely change their mind . 
  wow , this is quite some controversial discussion . 
  a lot of this hinges on the question about the exact height of the basic income . 
  this has the potential for moral hazard . 
  i am too sleepy to sketch up an economic argument but i am sure that having prisoners pay for their stay will just end up hurting social welfare . 
  i deeply believe in personal responsibility , as any adult should be capable of deciding themselves if they want to take on the risk of agony potentially brought on by mind altering drugs . 
  this risk and the pain and non-material damage brought on the user and their community is not quantifiable in any monetary way , what we can quantify is the cost in terms of currency generated in preventing associated crime , creating supporting networks , providing therapy and medical treatment . 
  getting a realistic estimate for the economic costs generated is the job of medical researchers together with public health economists . 
  other economists will of course provide their assessment too as the effects of this policy are in no way isolated . 
  addiction might permanently reduce earning ability but not by an amount to warrant disability payments . 
  in terms of lost tax revenue this needs to be quantified . 
  the tax should essentially act as an insurance , so talking to actuaries should be interesting too , to find a ` fair ' value . 
  this proposed tax should ** not ** be confused with a `` sin tax '' as people are not punished for their use , they merely have to pay the total monetary cost for their use . 
  should there some day be a discussion about legalisation in the eu or just germany i think it is obvious how i would vote . 
  at the moment though i am not aware of any movement to legalise any kind of recreational drug . 
   how 's this for a hypothetical counterargument : a high tax on , say , heroin , would drive up the price , and possibly motivate existing addicts to resort to crime to obtain more heroin . 
  in a perfect world , treatment and rehab would be completely effective , yes . 
  but there 's always the possibility of outliers . 
  as compared to the current situation ? 
  current substance prices are largely due to the associated problems in maintaining supply lines and avoiding getting caught . 
  and we do indeed observe crime commited specifically to get more funds to maintain the addiction . 
  the question then becomes - at least within the economic framework - is the price with all externalities , welfare payments , medical treatment , associated potential crime , priced in lower than the current street price ? 
  if it is , then we should expect crime to be lower in a legalised regime assuming that no more people will use heroin than now . 
  of course , we have both hypotheses to investigate : `` legal heroin will be cheaper than currently illegal heroin '' and `` even if consumption increases , total welfare due to commited crime will not rise due to various reasons '' . 
  i have no data support those claims and will not work to research them . 
   oh , and for the record , i 'm absolutely for drug legalization and a welfare state - it 's just interesting to see how the two would interact . 
  does not matter . 
  my opinion does not matter with respect to the truthfulness to any statement , in this case `` a welfare state is incompatible with blanket legalisation '' . 
  how about making civilian life family-friendly ? 
  we can turn this into a discussion of blanket drug legalisation in europe if we discuss how * single * states can legalise it in the current legal and social framework . 
  or how the eu as a whole could legalise drugs . 
  anyhow . 
  i do n't see the problem you seem to assume . 
  a priori any policy is compatible with any other policy , the burden of proof lies on the person stating an incompatibility . 
  in the interest of discussion i will play along though and state an argument for incompatibility : people consuming drugs increases probability of addiction which at least temporarily reduces capability to work and produces costs not just for the medical support they should get but through them receiving welfare payments during their disability . 
  i hold against this a simple economically motivated policy : tax any substance proportionally to its risk and amount of associated , external costs . 
  meaning that hypothetical freely available heroin should have the exact amount of tax associated that could compensate any insurance payments for treatment and disability payments during time of treatment . 
  indeed , that is how it should theoretically work with alcohol and nicotine , two freely available substances with known effects on health . 
  the burden of proof lies on the prohibitionist to state why any other substance should be treated differently . 
  could n't have put it better myself . 
  i am very happy to see that there are still people that know the difference between `` nation '' and `` state '' like you . 
  one nitpick : germany is some kind of border case as though germany consists of germanic peoples , historically they have been considered seperate nations . 
  this is partly reflected in different , partly mutually intelligible , german languages . 
  too bad for them that spain is not a nation state . 
  someone really does n't like you basque being independent . 
  i say go for it . 
  i have heard of the basque movement but i always guessed that the catalan movement was more active seeing as they get more media attention and the basque have some kind of rebate reducing their financial incentive for independence . 
  i would find it fascinating to see the basque and catalan split off from spain . 
  basque actually want to be independent ? 
  interesting . 
  how does support compare to catalonia and scotland ? 
  while i do agree that we could handle shorter work weeks - this might also help the unemployment numbers - this must not be restricted to parents or be funded by tax payers . 
  well that was unexpected . 
  may i ask what the exact use of something like this is ? 
  because this is the first time i heard of something like that .
