  or maybe obtain canadian citizenship . 
  other countries are also eu sceptic . 
  please do n't leave , you are a too powerful voice . 
  i am not so sure . 
  obviously we currently already cover food needs and bringing more productive land into the game sets the produce in competition with already existing farming . 
  if a market increases in competition this will lead to more differentiation , in the case of agriculture either through new species with new looks , texture of flavor , or through higher quality but more expensive produce . 
  it is the latter we start to see with the modern move to `` organic '' agriculture . 
  modern farming does not necessarily mean gmo , heavy pesticide use and all the other oh-so-bad techniques , but mainly proper fertilization , modern machines , current monitoring technology and proper organization of crop rotation . 
  ultimately it is the consuments who decide but most people do not seem to care all that much , assuming that there is an actual difference . 
  romania has some of the most fertile land in europe . 
  though the government claims most of it being used it is used with technology from half a century ago . 
  modern farming technologies will increase productivity and provide the country with badly needed tax money . 
  this will benefit the local economy . 
  what i wonder though is this : are these investors from abroad eu investors or the chinese and the us ? 
  all three are very valid concerns . 
  i will offer my opinion on all of them . 
  our greek fellow wants to have official government documents more easily recognized by local governments . 
  there is absolutely nothing i could say against this . 
  the idea that i would have to provide a birth certificate to register with the local authorities seems ridiculous , even a passport ( i assume he means the traveler 's document , not the national id card ) seems totally overblown . 
  arbitrary document requirements ultimately undermine right of residence in the eu . 
  this french woman laments that she sees different prices when she accesses the same website from different locations and sometimes they straight up refuse to deliver to certain countries . 
  the former is classic price differentiation : people who are capable and willing to pay more are charged more , people who are less capable or willing are charged less . 
  we see a more extreme form of this at itunes where an album can cost 10 $ in the eu but less than a dollar in india . 
  personally i see no problem with this . 
  straight up refusing delivery to certain countries seems simply weird , seeing as the shops only loose business this way . 
  is there some kind of regulatory hurdle to have pan european delivery , even with varying costs according to country ? 
  because let 's face it , it costs more to send something from spain to the uk than from austria to germany . 
  speaking of spain , our last interviewee is concerned that his social insurance does not translate in other eu countries , again undermining mobility . 
  there is a pretty simple , somewhat controversial solution : moving away from social insurance to private , capital based insurance in health , unemployment , pensions . 
  classic functions of governments like subsidysing these insurances can still be implemented , if done carefully , but this proposal completely avoids the problem of few people that pay pensions . 
  i will also offer an afterthought . 
  with eu citizenship , especially with the right of free movement , national citizenships are undermined according to the weakest nationality law in the eu , seeing as i can get the easiest nationality and then move to my desired destination country and benefit from most things national benefit . 
  so we see that we have a weird mix of national citizenships . 
  i would love such a movement too . 
  i 'd much prefer the german political system , seeing as we are already a federation , the model can be adopted almost directly . 
  but where to start such a movement ? 
  i lack the necessary logistical and social skills and the network . 
  then again , a single spark starts a forest fire . 
  [ google translate ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.hanfjournal.de%2fhajo-website%2fartikel%2f2013%2f159_mai%2fs27_0513_kasse_zahlt_erstmls_cannabis_blueten.php ) of the text . 
  well that 's what they said in the us and the federal government continued and continues to grow . 
  this is exactly how it works in germany . 
  we elect the bundestag and the bundestag elects the bundeskanzler , currently angela merkel . 
  oh and it works the same way on the level of the bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  how democratic the eu is . 
  maybe we need a pan-european movement to press our respective politicians for more democracy on eu level ? 
  or maybe this is doomed , seeing as how much democracy there is on national levels . 
  thank you . 
   i disagree . 
  you ca n't have a european union without an actual ( effective ) political union . 
  if you want this european experiment to work , for the currency & monetary union to hold , you have to integrate and centralize more . 
  you have to actually shape the e.u. 
  into a stable , effective and coherent nation . 
  who is to say that a central eu is the only possible eu ? 
  there are many many possibilities to shaping a eu , be it a eu that acts as a unit outwards but is in complete dissent internally , be it a totalitarian , centralized organization , be it a forum for facilitating supranational cooperation . 
  forcing a monetary or fiscal union to succeed is putting the cart before the horse : the monetary/fiscal union is to be preserved or destroyed if it serves the european peoples . 
   by delaying this , by trying to decentralize a already decentralized structure , you are basically throwing sixty-years of hard work down the toilet . 
  you can work very hard on a very wrong goal . 
  and sunk costs are gone , future expectations are the only relevant measure in decision making . 
  that being said , we have a very weird mix of centralized and decentralized structures . 
  personally i find it weird that austria , a land locked country gets to decide on a common fisheries policy , but space research is somehow better served by the single countries . 
   take the united states for example . 
  mississippi and california are drowning in debt , but because of the centralized notion of our nation , the other states have no problem with upsurping and helping with that debt . 
  because that 's how country 's are supposed to work . 
  it is n't tearing the united states apart like it is the european union , specifically because how divided and decentralized the european union is . 
  take mississippi and california for example . 
  technically these states are in debt with the us treasury which again is backed by the full power of the us . 
  but that is besides the point , ultimately the argument will be that * countries are not companies * and thus should not have the same householding rules as one , e.g. 
  not to take up too much debt . 
  there are two possible rebuttals and i will take the less fundamental one : the us are a monetary and a fiscal union , the eu is only a monetary one . 
  this will tie in to my next paragraph . 
   in my opinion , you have two choices , centralize or disband . 
  and it 's not . 
  it is either to implement a fiscal union which necessitates a federal eu or to move away from a monetary union back to national currencies . 
  the eu has worked with multiple national currencies and it will go on to do so . 
   but people will be quick to say how different the u.s. is from europe , how european countries have thousands of years of history and cultural differences . 
  and i say , so what ? 
  do you want to make history , or do you want history to make you ? 
  there are significant differences between the us and the eu . 
  they are two seperate countries after all and we have a plethora of variables to consider . 
  and still the us is a very nice model for the eu to think about what to avoid and what to aspire to . 
  you make so much sense . 
  please not . 
  further centralisation will be a big mistake . 
  without decentralization political experimenting is not possible . 
  without proper experimentation , progress in not possible . 
  see reilly616 's comment . 
  the eu and north america constitute 50 % of the world economy . 
  this is a really big deal . 
  i like this . 
  i especially like that you can add text to your flair !, 
   real unemployment is at around 70 % of the working age population . 
  i seriously doubt this number . 
  i sincerely hope they wo n't push some bullshit like sopa through this deal . 
  and still i hear the argument that wooden houses are cheaper to rebuild than sturdy stone houses . 
   keep this in mind when whining about how unjust everything here is . 
  not directed at you taenk , but generally speaking . 
  why would it be directed at me ? 
  i know most of us are part of the 1 % . 
  as a student , i personally am not , at least according to your figure . 
  still , the fact that people elsewhere live worse than we do does not invalidate our feelings of injustice .
