  falling participation numbers then indicate that something is going awry much before a conscripted force can realize it . 
  we should establish something like that in every country . 
  fun , exercise and great deterrent to any would-be invader . 
  thank you that was exactly what i was looking for . 
  so germany is going to lead the land forces of europe and netherlands is going to organise the navy ? 
  who 's going to get the air force ? 
  do other countries show interest in participating in this , aside from czechia and romania , as mentioned ? 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  the german army is integrating * two thirds * of the dutch army and now parts of the czech and romanian armies , but i am virtually unable to find major or in-depth coverage . 
  either the cooperation is minor in nature , no one really understands it , someone is hiding something or i am way too stupid to research this . 
  i am not sure which i prefer . 
  as if the german military had anything else to do . 
  if that was the case it does no harm to open the requirement . 
  and maybe if the bundeswehr was open to eu citizens , maybe more would be willing to learn german . 
  which is somewhat strange , as there is [ international precedent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_militaries_that_recruit_foreigners ) for recruiting eu citizens categorically within belgium , denmark , ireland and luxembourg and also for recruiting any foreigner , such as with canada , usa and france . 
  this is * so weird * . 
  are there any numbers what percentage of personnel will be under german command ? 
  for example we know that two of three dutch army brigades are integrated , but how much is that in terms of personnel , both total and relative to the armies ? 
  are similar agreements being negotiated with other countries , too ? 
  belgians , luxembourgish , polish ? 
  france ? 
  hungary ? 
  the baltics ? 
  the whole thing smells like the start for a long con introducing a eu military . 
  intermediate steps will be to allow eu citizens to apply for the bundeswehr and not just german citizens and expanding the military budget . 
  nothing a little constitutional change could n't fix . 
  i 'm glad we could find some common ground and i did n't embarrass myself completely . 
  i maintain that the german system , especially regarding pensions and health insurance , could be massively simplified . 
  do you personally have a favourite system in the eu ? 
  feel free to choose different countries for different areas . 
  i 'll have to take your word then and concede this point , since i only have a cursory glance at other systems , such as uk 's nhs which is as simple as health care can get , or the dutch health system where private insurance for non-chronic ailments is mandatory with no parallel system , but government organised and tax funded care for chronic ailments . 
  with regards to pensions , germany seems like a pathological example as there are * two * federal systems ( * rentenversicherung bund * and * knappschaft * ) in addition to the host of private options ( * riester * , * r\u00fcrup * , * bav * , a fourth kind with special rules ) , the system for officers of the state ( * beamte * , * soldaten * , * richter * ) and the professional chambers ( such as for lawyers , pharmacists , certified civil engineers , ... ) , of course all seperate . 
  oh and farmers also have their own system . 
  at least in comparison the swiss * drei s\u00e4ulen modell * seems simpler or i am just not seeing the complexity as i do in the german system . 
   what ? 
  who did the boe buy them from ? 
  they now have the sterling . 
  where did the boe buy the euros from ? 
  they have swap agreements in place with the ecb to stabilise the exchange rate anyhow in addition to foreign exchange reserves they fund by issuing sterling . 
   it seems what you 're actually suggesting is that the boe gives scotland billions of euros in exchange for pounds . 
  and then destroys the pounds . 
  what i am suggesting is that the boe buys sterling with euros , thereby reducing the supply of sterling on the open market since supply just went up by virtue of the scots dropping sterling . 
  at the same time they increase supply of euros , where demand just went up by virtue of the scots adopting the euro . 
  nothing on the balance sheet of the boe changed in terms of purchasing power , only in currency allocation . 
  what overall happens is that the exchange rate remains stable , only different people own sterling and euros . 
  this is possible because boe and ecb are issuers of sterling and euros respectively with an interest in keeping their respective currencies stable . 
   swapping a countries entire currency is n't like swapping your money when you go on holiday . 
  in this case it clearly is . 
  scotland brings 10b sterling to the boe who exchange it for some amount of euros they have in their foreign exchange reserve anyhow . 
   the money has to cease to exist once swapped , otherwise you 're creating value from thin air . 
  no value is created out of thin air , only existing euros have been exchanged with existing sterling . 
  since the boe bought them these sterling have effectively ceased to exist since boe is actually the issuer . 
  not to mention that the ecb and boe have swap agreements in place to stabilise the exchange rate for extreme events like these . 
  with a bit of negotiation the boe and ecb can help organise the exact swap as has been done with other currencies , with the caveat that only a portion of existing currency is exchanged for the euro instead of all of it . 
  the point about retiring at age 65 is plain not true , however . 
  the rest i wrote for my own amusement and no , the system in other european countries is far less complex than in germany for different countries for different reasons . 
  the person that gave me the euro . 
  you do know that currency exchanges exist , right ? 
  [ andorra uses the euro officially and issues , by agreement with the ecb , its own euro coins ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andorra_and_the_euro ) . 
  however , [ montenegro uses the euro unilaterally with no monetary agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montenegro_and_the_euro ) . 
  since montenegro is in accession talks , it is expected that the issue will be resolved , whether montenegro needs to introduce its own currence or whether that step is superfluous . 
  it would also be a precedent for scotland initially using the euro and then acceding or whatever . 
  also at 7:36 he states that germans get state pension at age 65 . 
  which is only true for employed people , not freelancers who need to look after their own pension , unless they are organised in some kind of mandatory association , like physicians and lawyers in which case they pay into a different pension system . 
  also the retirement age is being raised to 67 with talks about raising it even further . 
  yes it is a bit of a clusterfuck and what i describe is like half of our retirement system which is rather byzantine . 
  do n't even get me started on health and accident insurance respectively . 
  anglosphere is really stepping up its political entertainment game . 
  all parties except the cdu are in favour of popular referenda on the federal level . 
  my only wish is that the cdu/csu gets less than 1/3 of the seats , making them unable to block constitutional changes . 
  looks czechia will be the first to smear the old lines between east and west , or more accurately to fuzz up the lines created by the iron curtain . 
  does anyone have the map for last year to compare ? 
  exactly my point . 
  government excels as ( re ) distributing money , markets excel at bringing supply and demand together . 
  a system like the dutch have combines the advantages of both systems . 
  sounds like a largely private system . 
  netherlands  2 . 
  switzerland so the top two are largely private systems . 
  the other things mentioned in the post above are also common - in the anglosphere . 
  the rest of europe does it the other way , the way it makes rational sense to give a date . 
  no use in debating this . 
  [ iso 8601 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iso_8601 ) is pretty clear about what the standard is . 
  [ may this whole map turn green ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements#/media/file:eu_ftas.svg ) . 
  i do n't say the month first , therefore i do n't write it first . 
  if i am looking in an archive , i am looking for the year first , if i am talking about something recent , the day is more relevant . 
  it 's highly non-standard , although i do see the appeal . 
  depending on context , either dd.mm.yyyy or yyyy-mm-dd work very well , but never ever anything as stupid as mm/dd/yyyy or even worse using just two digits for year and mismatching the separator and order . 
  i have never seen a space as separator in dates except when writing `` 1 january 1970 '' or such , even then in germany we write `` 1 . 
  january 1970 '' as it is the first of january , not the one january . 
  well yeah , si intentionally uses either scientific notation or a space to separate thousands . 
  the decimal mark is arbitrarily either a dot or comma , although i prefer the comma . 
  also use dot and comma properly as in 2.000,7 . 
  also put currency units in the proper place * after * the number , like any other unit as in 100 $ . 
  also shoot anyone on sight when seen not using the metric system . 
  did i miss any ? 
  it will be a milliard times better this way . 
  maybe we 'll both get our wishes . 
  you are moving the goal post . 
  first we discussed the statistical validity of averaging polls , then we discussed the occurence of variation and outside of the margin of error , now we are discussing sampling bias . 
  i am willing to grant sampling bias - as that is inherent in the polls and the uk polling council concluded such - yet the bias is not that large that polls are useless , they usually predict election outcomes rather well .
