  however with beer there is somewhat of a single market , you just need to reregister your beer so the correct authority gets the excise tax . 
  what are the specific differences ? 
  i know little about the peace corp. 
   with one exception : i was also thinking about having a `` home defense '' in the sense of a eu-wide militia that could be used in case of natural disasters or little green men . 
  in estonia they have [ insurgency training ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/01/world/europe/spooked-by-russia-tiny-estonia-trains-a-nation-of-insurgents.html ) with competitions . 
  something like this eu wide would be amazing as a defence against any potential enemies and would n't carry the problems associated with a standing union military that could be used overseas , contributing to the controversy of those proposals . 
  for natural disasters the existing local structures should be sufficient . 
  however when you have such a large volunteering force to begin with , it ca n't hurt to use the organisational and operational staff for other purposes too . 
  this seems like an eu wide version of what we have in germany as * freiwilliges soziales jahr * or * freiwilliges \u00d6kologisches jahr * ( voluntary social year and voluntary ecological year respectively ) . 
  it is also similarly structured that the eu does n't carry out the projects but organises people and funding . 
  i like that !, 
  however it is not the first union project [ recruiting volunteers ] ( https://europa.eu/youth/volunteering_en ) . 
  i hope someone more knowledgable or with more time and patience to research can illuminate the differences between all those programs . 
  i sat in electric busses , they are amazingly quiet . 
  you start to realize how loud everything else in the bus is besides the motor , most of all the air conditioner !, 
  does n't norway have something similar that within norway you can read all ebooks that are published in their national library or something like that ? 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/books/booknews/10575900/books-go-online-for-free-in-norway.html ) . 
  i love the fact that different countries are trying similar things . 
  [ they both already do . 
  ] ( http://www.tolls.eu/europe ) do n't want to pay the toll ? 
  do n't use the roads . 
  fly , ride the train , go by bike , use a ship , or car pool or ride the bus to distribute the toll over more people . 
  however with both trains , plane and ship you 'll indirectly pay for air traffic control , railway tolls and water rights , respectively . 
  i read something about possible direct democracy with the proposed constitutional changes . 
  was that correct ? 
  no jokes in germany , only pay debts . 
  i did n't . 
  cyprus has an active territory dispute precluding it from accession . 
  however croatia , romania and bulgaria are part of continental europe and do not have any active disputes . 
  irrelevant . 
  new members do n't have veto rights on accession talks started before they joined . 
   can we get a real eu federal police please ? 
  do n't think that makes a whole lot of sense , at least not yet . 
  what should their special rights be over national police forces ? 
  in germany for example the states are responsible for policing and federal police have really miniscule powers and areas of responsibility . 
   edit : and while we are at it , increase the powers and the numbers of the european border and coastguard agency . 
  which would n't even cost that much more . 
  transfer the existing national border guards to frontex and you 'll be done . 
  and even if countries complete the accession talks , there is still a vote to actually accept them . 
  the accession talks themselves massively improve the instutions in the target countries . 
  for example the anti-corruption agency in romania was a requirement from the eu . 
  besides , people act as if the accession talks take away ressources from other departments . 
  or as if the talks were n't there to fix existing problems and improve institutions in the target country . 
  or as if the eu was n't a way more effective institution than the un , council of europe or - god forbid - bilateral relations on the continent . 
  or as if these countries could n't bring more , new and better ideas to the rest of europe . 
  negotiations with montenegro and serbia are ongoing . 
  albania is a recognized candidate , the ec has recommended starting negotiations , but germany will be vetoing until 2018 . 
  ( i do n't know why . ), 
  macedonia is an official candidate , but greece vetoes the start of accession talks , overtly because of a naming dispute . 
  bosnia is n't even a candidate and a basket case , the correcting of which will be a major hurdle in view of the dayton agreement . 
  so i do n't really see what the visegrad group could do to speed up this process . 
  in unrelated news , romania , bulgaria and croatia still are not members of the schengen zone . 
  seeing as there is free movement within the schengen zone with no permanent border controls , stuff like this could and should be regulated by all schengen members collectively . 
  similarly , since union citizenship conveys massive rights with regard to other eu member countries , citizenship needs to be regulated at union level . 
  but muh sovereignity . 
  that seemed to come from kind of nowhere . 
  congratulations on getting medical cannabis passed , it is only between a physician and his patient to decide what substance will be beneficial . 
  on to completely legal cannabis next . 
  so what ? 
  i was n't talking about the audio-visual exemption onl , by the way . 
  introduce a regulation stating that all material produced after a certain date can only be licenced for the whole eu , material produced before that date gets an exemption for existing agreements with no option to extend those . 
  what is the big deal ? 
    its scope is in line with the services directive , which excludes certain activities such as financial , audio-visual , transport , healthcare and social services . 
    so we will still have youtube blocking content why are those exemptions made in the first place ? 
  i envy other countries for their business-friendly environment . 
  it certainly would make the borders look nicer on maps . 
  this is why i like the word `` downcycling '' , while at the same time having difficulty finding a use for `` upcycling . '', 
  recycling reintroduces ressources of similar value into the economy , downcycling transforms them or uses them in a lower-value way such as fuel or disposable products and upcycling is some process that transforms the material into a higher-value form . 
  burning trash is clearly downcycling . 
  the article mentions canada , uk , netherlands , austra and the us state oregon as having similar plans for phasing out coal . 
  who will be next , who will be first ? 
  edit : found [ this ] ( http://www.climatechangenews.com/2016/04/05/belgium-quits-coal-power-with-langerlo-plant-closure/ ) , supposedly cyprus , estonia , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg and malta are all coal-free already and by the title belgium . 
  additionally portugal is quoted as having a 2020 target date . 
  too tired now to do proper research , does anyone competent want to chime in ? 
  in addition to / u/itsacaragor 's point , prison serves the purpose of segregating a provably violent criminal beyond therapy and redemption from society . 
  theoretically speaking exile would serve the same purpose , but a prison is more of a controlled environment with controlled borders , denying any chance to return to society against its will . 
  also , any region for exile will be either inhabitable or habitated in the first place . 
  by keeping the criminal alive society signals loud and clear that they are better than that individual . 
  their wronging was not that they killed without permission or by their own rules , but that they killed another human at all . 
  take another example ( warning , poe 's law follows ) of former concentration camp workers . 
  you could execute them , yet some of them sought redemption and as penance they told the world of the cruelties they commited . 
  i think that is more valuable in the long-term than the short-term satisfaction of ending their life , which they 'll lose in time , as will we all . 
  you also prevent them becoming martyrs . 
  philosophy of punishment is an interesting topic and there are plenty of thought experiments that stretch our intuitions . 
  honestly , i have n't thought much about this topic , so what i wrote above might be philosophical garbage . 
  burning for heat does n't count as recycling because heating is basically the least-valuable thing you can do with something you do n't use anymore . 
  it is recycled in the sense that the elements are returned to the natural cycles , but you will have to expend useful energy to recreate the thing you burned . 
  consider a broken desk board . 
  you could either repurpose it for some other use , like a tool handle , or grind it down and make something else from that . 
  or you can straight burn it and be cold again after an hour or so . 
  it is obvious how the former are more interesting than the latter . 
  so is there currently room for improvement or are we at `` this is as good as it gets with current technology '' ? 
  this might sound stupid , but what is the 35 % we do n't recycle or compost made up of ? 
  are they talking about stuff like paints ? 
  or is it that we could put more trash in the first category , but do n't for various reasons ? 
  because i have a hard time thinking of trash i produce that ca n't be recycled , at least in principle . 
  we could start doing that within the eu , the old proposal of a european military . 
  the cost savings can be poured into other endeavours such as greening the saharra or generally increasing the soft power of the eu . 
  can you link the actual number ? 
  `` 3.0 and above '' is a rather large span .
