   luxembourg-based office why ? 
  because the eu court is there also ? 
  seems like the newer members need some kind of office , too . 
  by way of annexation . 
  now that britain is on its way out we can can move the european project forward . 
  vive la france !, 
  i should really learn french . 
  that all sounds reasonable . 
  why is everyone else up in arms about it ? 
  incorrect , i upvote you . 
  what is you reasoning in favour of the toll , if i might ask ? 
  that makes it even better . 
  reddit whining about the toll and the majority of germans like it . 
  what a clusterfuck . 
  got ta love german democracy : majority of population does n't want toll roads , governing party introduces them anyway , rises in the polls . 
  but direct democracy , which would block the tolls , is evil . 
  prediction : the lawsuit wo n't go anywhere . 
  right . 
  that is one weird statement . 
  so , in concrete terms this will be common procurement on a voluntary basis ? 
  i guess it is something , but plenty short of a proper defense union or common military . 
  pity that so much german culture was wiped out outside of germany . 
   he can desolve the parliament only in one of two specific cases : 1 . 
  the chancelor asks for a vote of confidence , loses it and asks the president to dissolve the parliament . 
  it is up to the president to grant that wish or not . 
  if the chancelor does n't lose or does not ask for parliament to be dissolved , the president has no powers in that regard . 
  also , if in the time between the lost vote of confidence and the president 's decision the parliament elects a new chancelor , the president ca n't dissolve parliament anymore . 
  after an election , one of the first and most important acts of parliament is to elect a chancelor . 
  the process is somewhat elaborate , but the gist of it is that if parliament does n't manage to elect a chancelor with an absolute majority within 14 days of the election , but only with a simple majority , the president can choose to dissolve the parliament and trigger new elections . 
  the president 's role in germany is basically to be stop-gap if the interplay between the other constitutional bodies fails in certain ways or if one tries to overstep its boundaries . 
  this is going to be quite an eventful year . 
  am i correctly informed that france and germany are negotiating both eurozone reform and military integration ? 
  i am all for it , if it is reciprocal , that is if they can buy 100 % of some company , we can do that too . 
   as major trading partners for each other , it is necessary for china and the european union to discuss the feasibility of the establishment of free trade zone , li said . 
  just imagine the amount of trade happening in such a free trade zone !, 
  a new competitor will virtually never kill off the old provider , except for gross incompetence of the incumbent . 
  usually there will be new niches opening up the overall market to new customers or the incumbent will adopt the new technology in one way or another . 
  i assume that if spacex is successful albeit with less of a proven track record , they will attract massively cheaper payloads , or generally payloads with a much lower expected roi . 
  established producers might also make their rockets reusable , or focus on higher reliability or higher payload mass and volume . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soyuz_ ( rocket_family ), 
  i want to see a concrete proposal of what they mean with a `` common corporation tax system . '', 
  preferably the corporate income tax would be at zero , but i am still curious how they want to make a common system . 
   i 've heard this stance over and over again recently . 
  is there a new strain of puritanism going around or is straight edge back in fashion ? 
  i have no problem with straight edge . 
  i take issue with people that think putting people in cages and stealing their property is an appropriate reaction to substance use . 
  not abuse , mind you , just use . 
  if the cdu wants to lower crime , all they have to do is move to another country . 
  fat chance of that happening while we still vote cdu/csu . 
  good . 
  prison terms for personal drug usage are barbaric . 
  portugal shows that addicts are helped by social measures and not by putting them in a cage . 
  it is rather telling that the ` failed currency ' euro is displacing local currencies . 
  i sometimes hear of people in eastern european countries getting contracts denominated in euro but paid out in local currency . 
  similarly i have heard of negotiating large purchases like a car or a house in euros , denominating debt in euro and even longer term contracts such as phones and electricity priced in euro , but similarly paid in local currency . 
  so some countries are basically already on the euro by sheer market force , yet the populace does n't want to pull the trigger to fully go euro . 
  that is so strange . 
  cool , thanks . 
  it looks like norway means business with leaving fossil fuels behind and it 's not just talking points . 
  do you have a link for that ? 
   also , as far as i recently read , berlin is the only eu capital having a lower gdp/capita ppp than than its country average . 
  that on the other hand is n't hard to believe at all . 
  that is also a good map . 
  makes romania look a lot better than it usually seems going just by gdp per capita not adjusted for ppp . 
  the eu can also help with the research part , as it does fund larger science projects with a slight bias towards cheaper countries . 
  the various european science cooperations can also help , although i 'd wish the eu would bundle that mess up a bit . 
  what do you mean with `` stimulating local capital '' ? 
  incentivising people to invest their money locally or to attract investment in general ? 
  how do the other ee countries escape that trap ? 
  or do they not ? 
  wow , it is true , romania is starting to catch up . 
  edit : the whole of transylvania is doing better than eastern hungary , also a region in the north east . 
  edit 2 : actually most of hungary is doing worse than transylvania , except for the border to austria and budapest . 
   western romanian nuts2 regions are already richer ( gdp/capita at ppp ) than those of eastern hungary . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  since it seems kind of hard to believe . 
  what do you use to heat your homes ? 
  right , so the eu and its countries could force china to open up their economy in return for lowering tarrifs and such ? 
  what are the current restrictions in china on foreign ownership ? 
  median income is the number most people are looking for . 
  either way any single number is plain misleading for any other purpose than the exact one it was designed for , seeing as there are so many different aspects of economics people are looking for . 
   so yeah i 'm holding out hope for georgia . 
  hopefully south ossetia and abkhazia get sorted soon . 
  maybe these issues will be solved with and during the accession process ? 
  if it is a fixed payment regardless of your income , is n't the incentive the exact same as right now ? 
  besides , shifting income tax burden to vat makes evading taxes even harder as businesses have an incentive to declare vat by construction . 
  that would be rather interesting , having georgia as a member of the eu . 
  they were the farthest east the roman empire has ever stretched and are barely mentioned in european history books . 
  i also think that we 'll skip ukraine and moldova because the corruption problem is just so massive . 
  maybe in the future there will be some change ? 
   if it were somehow feasible , a progressive consumption tax would be the best and better than an income tax . 
  you pay 0 % on your first 10k $ spent , 10 % on the next 10k , etc. . . high vat plus some form of basic income achieves just that . 
  see my edit . 
  sometimes you do , sometimes you do n't . 
  just as most other forms of taxation , it is a mess . 
  capital gains tax is a form of personal income tax , you usually do not pay that as a non-resident . 
  edit : actually i do n't know the situation in france , as capital gains tax varies between countries and has a host of exemptions to boost investments for various circumstances . 
  seriously ? 
  another thing the uk blocked in the eu . 
  it would be seriously amazing to have either iceland or norway in the eu - or both !,
