  ideally this is harmonised with other european countries so that it is possible to do several steps on the ladder at several universities . 
  additionally implement two kinds of professors : teacher and researcher . 
  of course both types should do both but have their clear focus , e.g. 
  the teacher should focus on introductory courses . 
  make a distinction between teaching and research universities . 
  the latter should be able to require tuition and use this to fund research , too . 
  especially with the bachelor/master distinction this can be possible as the people who want to save money and/or only reach a bachelor 's degree can do so and the uni profits from the higher revenue . 
   the notable exception is the green party which intends to outlaw research using animals , particularly primates , and nuclear research including fusion , up to leaving iter and euratom . 
  they also favour mandating ideological research such as ` proving ' complementary medicine , to name just a highlight . 
  i hope this is biased because if it 's not my irrational hatred for them just turned rational . 
  same except i think afd is ** in ** but barely . 
  and i will not state how i vote . 
  i 'm not going to start the language discussion * again * , but my statement above is fact . 
   the mediterranean union was a huge slap in the face . 
  how so ? 
  i seem to have missed that . 
  i am also not entirely sure what the mediterranean union is . 
  i was thinking of a simple pot . 
  everyone throws their bet , usually a symbolic value , in and the winner ( s ) take all ( and split it according to bet size ) . 
   [ ... ] at least in the public 's opinion . 
  if you go simply by measurements turkey could be a member , but even if they implemented the acquis several members would veto their membership . 
   i tell you what , i hope bavaria goes so the germans will have a harder time trying to push everyone around , if that 's how it is i hope so too . 
  if only i had much more time and money i could travel to and live in all of these great places in europe . 
  [ see my other comment ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1mmvmy/today_theres_exactly_one_year_left_till_the/ccav676 ), 
  i would n't mind those breaking up too . 
  germany is already a federation so natural boundaries already exist . 
  bavaria is a prime candidate , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg could follow , hamburg could become a city-state again ... france really did it with their centralism but hope is not completely lost . 
  examples are bretagne , alsace , lorraine , corsica , basque county , catalonia , occitania ... 
  i do n't think that is comparable as ukraine is culturally much closer to the west than turkey is , at least in the public 's opinion . 
  recommendations for any one particular country ? 
  i might just do it . 
  i 'm betting grand coalition too for this election . 
  go in the opposite direction and start legalising the now illegal highs or at least decriminalising . 
  first drug * abuse * is a medical problem , not a criminal one . 
  second the majority of drugs is not as dangerous as we are led to believe by school education as many dangers associated with drug * use * stem from lack of transparency such as improper quality . 
  third , the black market for drugs is huge and offers lots of potential tax revenue and job placement . 
  we welcome you . 
  though this most likely wo n't happen in this decade . 
  my university 's homepage . 
  i 'd want to go to either catalonia or norway and do some light work such as ta'ing . 
  well then everybody gets what they want : the scots stay in the eu , the english/ni/welsh can leave and maybe stay in the eea , everybody is happy . 
  it was directed more generally at all of these courses , not just this project specifically . 
  but i might just ask the schools in my country to do online courses . 
  weakening the bargaining position of the uk so they stay in the eu and do n't block everything . 
  itt : uk citizens . 
  one method i heard of was to found a company with you as the only worker . 
  then the vast majority of worker protection laws do not apply and the contract is with the company that you own so that you can be paid very little by danish standards . 
  pity so much of it is in english . 
  i know plenty of people who do n't understand english sufficiently to profit from this . 
  yes , i said it . 
  there are still people in europe , even young ones , who do not know english . 
  i did n't see a link in the article , can you help me out ? 
  calling it now : scotland will stay . 
  though i 'd prefer them to leave . 
  edit : what have i done . 
  it seems really intimidating to me to ask for a place in this program . 
  reading the requirements i feel i need to be fluent in the host country 's language and have straight a marks not to stain my home country 's image . 
  i can hardly keep track of all these online portals . 
  what i really ca n't stand is the concept that you have to take these courses ` in realtime ' , that is , if the course runs four weeks , you have to do it in those four weeks . 
  this is nicely organised over at udacity where you take the courses at your own pace at any time you want . 
  i think this follows the trend of improving image of all european countries east to germany . 
  the statement that everything has an english word for it always struck me as weird . 
  i have visited plenty of university courses and they had , without failiure , a german translation ready . 
  cs , physics , mathematics , biology , chemistry , ... 
  lighting is extremely cheap , otherwise these things would n't happen . 
  though with rising electricity prices that could change . 
  two easy and very effective steps are to use street lighting designed to light only beneath them , such as by a little mirror placed above the bulb , and by having lamps in less densely populated places activated by movement . 
  the latter is also much more effective at deterring criminal activity . 
  three very correct points . 
  you win !, 
  then i am even more sure that it was n't my series as i never delete my threads . 
  i think not until someone links this curious other series . 
  i am not so sure about the series format being good for that . 
  i could be a game series where op provides a seed and users can add further clues themselves , thus starting new guessing series . 
  you know like twenty questions . 
  op : i like chocolate commenter 1 : i have also many mountains . 
  commenter 1.1 : you are switzerland !, 
  commenter 2 : i am schizophrenic . 
  commenter 2.1 : you are belgium !, 
  i did what ? 
  i have only one series running . 
  of course . 
  it becomes very interesting in connection with mdna haplogroups . 
  sometimes you see that haplogroups of one kind survive but the other kind do not , suggesting asymmetrical treatment of the sexes with regard to reproductive success . 
  even people from germany have to fill out a form to get entry rights to the usa . 
  i dream of the day we can move freely between the eu , canada and usa . 
  many european nations have absolutely no experience with federalism and ca n't comprehend how to run a nation that is not centralised . 
  with the eu in place , why manage the iberian peninsula seperately ? 
  it 's only an unnecessary extra layer . 
  how do you feel about belgium ? 
  some people say you would be better off if you seperate by language . 
  300 years of spanish rule should be enough . 
  let those guys have their own country . 
  do n't come to us with arguments , english is the obvious and only choice for a european language . 
  here in germany we have an ecard that can sign and encrypt things . 
  but our secret services still have the ability to decrypt anything meaning they have the private keys stored somewhere or deliberately introduced some vulnerability , meaning the whole thing is worth squat . 
  which is sad as there are more than enough open standards to implement such a card with public plans and in averifiably secure way . 
   many german dialects are endangered , if not on the verge of extinction . 
  well i know that low german is n't going anywhere . 
  what other dialects are endangered ?
