  also , according to [ insa ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/index.htm ) only 34 % would vote for cdu/csu , which as far as i am aware is the lowest proportion in the last years . 
  extremely low . 
  the csu leadership would need some balls and massive effort to raise 15 regional sections of the party outside of bavaria . 
  strangely enough , i almost never hear about them anymore . 
  hopefully they 'll manage to get some seats in the coming regional elections after returning to their original liberal stances . 
  that * is * interesting . 
  however i do n't think that in the case of actual election the cdu and csu would necessarily make a coalition . 
  all in all politics would get somewhat more interesting in case they split up . 
  if we make a cursory comparison [ with the election results ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/index.htm ) ( rightmost column ) the afd seems to draw voters from cdu/csu . 
  i do n't know why people are so obsessed with switzerland 's financial sector . 
  ch is a major player or global leader in science , medicine and high tech and also has extensive tourism . 
  switzerland is also known for various luxury goods from chocolate to watches . 
  it has a strict policy of national stability and security . 
  so why would the financial sector matter oh so much ? 
  even if we concede that the financial sector is a major reason for swiss wealth , why is that so wrong ? 
  good regulation makes ch an attractive place for insurers that can tailor their products to their customers needs instead of being bogged down in regulation . 
  their banks manage a massive amount of wealth , again because swiss law offers features many customers value . 
  the swiss franc is intentionally one of the most stable currencies in the world and again a major factor in attracting financial services and outside capital . 
  which of these things would any of the western countries in europe be unable to provide ? 
  and switzerland shows you can do extremely well with low corporate taxes . 
  denmark shows you can do extremely well with low overall taxes . 
   also i do n't think it 's matter of being liberal , it 's just a matter of taste . 
  yes and no . 
  a lot of the stuff produced in belgium ca n't legally be produced as `` beer '' in germany as only a very short list of ingredients can be used in the first fermentation and you are not allowed to add anything after the first fermentation . 
  however , thanks to union law it is allowed to sell beer produced in belgium ( or elsewhere for that matter ) labeled as such in german markets . 
  i am not aware of the market share but the friends i talked to and shared a couple of belgian beers with all agreed that they 'd prefer more variety in german markets . 
   political backlash what political backlash ? 
  current polls still show her party at 36 % of votes , compared to 41 % in the elections . 
  political backlash would be losing a double digit number of votes . 
  political backlash would be an imminent * vertrauensfrage * . 
  none of those are happening . 
  if only germany were more liberal in what we call `` beer '' , like belgium . 
  we 'd have so much more diversity on all european markets . 
  also something ca n't be right with this map : no way that south germany has so many more breweries than north germany . 
  what really grinds my gears is the fact that it would take just one good legislature period to resign from the relevant international treaties and to void the national laws regarding psychoactive substance control . 
  hope we can get at least full decriminalisation of personal possesion in germany , similar to what portugal and ireland have , though full and complete end of prohibition ( call it what it is ) would be preferable . 
  good for you france !, 
  meanwhile in germany the national e-sport association is defunct . 
  question is , will most of those people come back at some time or will they stay abroad forever ? 
  world bank says that serbia had a population of 9.1 m people in 2013 . 
  now that he will loose immunity , he can be prosecuted , right ? 
  it also reduces surface area use and noise pollution , two problems electric vehicles still have to some extent . 
  all european countries should follow norways model to incentivise electric vehicles . 
  and benelux regarding bicycle use . 
  and denmark regarding renewable energy sources . 
  edit : especially the single-person use of four-seat cars needs to just die . 
  what a waste of surface area , production materials and energy to move it . 
  i 'll give it a try tommorow . 
  short version : editors of virtually all major german newspapers are board members of various think tanks closely tied to nato , explaining positive coverage . 
  even more egregious , one of the journalists first worked on a strategic paper and a speech for the german president ( yes , we have one ) to read as a speech and afterwards wrote a positive article about the speech and the new strategy . 
  the segment closes with the assertion `` so basically the german press is just the local outlet of nato press ? '', 
  what the actual fuck . 
  on that topic , take a look at [ this link ] ( http://www.phyast.pitt.edu/~blc/book/chapter4.html ) , dealing with the opinion on the importance of nuclear power . 
  energy scientist are hugely in favour , science journalists are somewhat in favour and `` normal '' journalists are against it . 
  in other words , journalists do * not * represent expert consensus in the field they report about and quite probable do not represent public 's attitudes . 
  does this mean that here is a market opportunity for a different class of journalists ? 
  it 's almost like wikipedia : does n't work in theory , only in practice . 
  as a scientist in training , that just means your theory is wrong , but whatever . 
  however i am always baffled by people 's objections to direct democracy : in so many cases they apply to representative democracy just as well , making a case against democracy as a whole . 
  something hilarious though : as europeans are baffled by us citizen 's objection to various reforms because of the size of the usa , as baffled am i when people say that direct democracy works in switzerland because it is so small . 
  what element would n't scale ? 
  turns out that direct democracy makes choice of politicians even simpler : i do not have to choose a politician that is representative of all my views , but just generally representative . 
  for any single issue i , and by extention the voter base , have the option to directly enact my will , against the intention of my representative . 
  i 'd argue that it is vastly easier to vote on a single judicial proposal than to evaluate the character and competence of a bunch of politicians . 
  besides , direct democracy did n't seem to hinder swiss stability . 
  which seems to be people 's basic objection to direct democracy . 
  democratic deficit of hungary . 
  although i * do * agree with a toll system based on weight times distance depending on the kind of road you use , it can be a massive breach of privacy . 
  a system with cameras and licence plates of course is more convenient but a massive intrusion on privacy . 
  a system with actuall toll booths is sound from a privacy perspective but inconvenient . 
  there has to be some kind of compromise there , achieving both privacy protection and proper accounting for distances . 
  regarding the tax data : some info is automatically transfered for example by your employer , i do n't think that is too controversial , as it is trivial to find out where you work and the government is going to find out how much you make anyhow one way or another , at least as long as you want to have an income tax in place . 
  privacy preserving forms of taxation are land value tax , vat and specific taxes on goods and services consumed . 
   if they ever get a totalitarian government , they 'll be sorry for having pre installed the most wonderful tools for every dictator . 
  i shudder thinking about the amount of data various government entities have about me , sometimes with no obvious reason . 
  i consider strong privacy rights a central issue of human rights . 
  especially in germany where we had two totalitarian governments within a century it is baffling that people hold so much trust in the government instead of introducing and protecting any measure to limit state power . 
  you mention the benefits of perfect transparency , but neglect all possible drawbacks and potential of abuse . 
  privacy rights , first and foremost , protect against the power of the state and against prosecution by the public second . 
  if all my assets are public , as are all assets of anyone else , it is trivially easy for the state to prosecute any group by enacting laws that impact those individuals assets disproportionately . 
  further , any group of individuals can , if they identify the investors , lynch them , as you said , if they disagree with the project , even if it is a completely legal project . 
  the latter runs counter to the principle of a free market , the former runs counter to the principle of equal treatment . 
  looking further , access to a secrecy jurisdiction massively limits the power of a foreign government over a foreign individual . 
  large-scale asset seizures become impossible if you can not identify the owners . 
  middle-class citizens can use such protections to somewhat level the playing field against rich people . 
  so in a more succinct way , financial privacy is human right , similar to how confidentiality with lawyers and physicians is human right : the financial well-being of an individual is important and necessitates special protections ( analogous to medical privacy ) that lead to large-scale benefits through a better functioning market ( analogous to judicial privacy ) but is limited exactly where large-scale damage is done ( similar to how medical privacy is limited regarding some transmittable diseases or child abuse ) . 
  correct . 
  that is why in cases of fraud privacy protections are lifted under supervision of a judge , similar to how other invasions to privacy are or should be done . 
  every right comes with the potential to be abused . 
  however there is no point in completely restricting that right because of this potential : we need to uncover the motivations and come up with regulations to mitigate that . 
  financial privacy should be a human right . 
  it protects the individual from procecution by the state and population by hiding investments in unpopular projects . 
  every european adult should know at least three languages including their fist language to consider themselves educated . 
  there are plenty of examples both inside and outside of europe where people naturally grow up with at least two languages and pick up some more later on . 
  cool stuff thank you . 
  i like it . 
  we germans need to be more multilingual . 
   and plans to be fully so within a generation can you point to a source that says they are going to do this ? 
  are they also going to make french an official language there ? 
  the [ german identity card ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_identity_card ) contains a contactles rfid antenna and some logic , it has no contact hip however .
