  those subsidies for farmers have to end . 
  more than 300 billion $ in 2008 . 
  this would be more than enough to pay for a truly european space program or other grand scale projects . 
  edit : faulty source . 
  cap budget was 50bn $ , over a period of 6 years that makes 300bn $ . 
  i stand by my opinion . 
  just the numbers . 
  switzerland pays 0.9 % of its gdp for military . 
  if the eu has a similar organization , this would bring down the military quota from 2 % to swiss levels thus saving more than 100 billion $ . 
  ok , i will read the book because that sounds like a fantastic saving to me . 
  can you give a summary ? 
  reading a whole book is a bit too much . 
  please say your name is n't relevant . 
  i am romanian too and finally there is a statistic where germany sucks as much as romania . 
  oh and bulgaria , what the hell ? 
  i am very happy to hear that companies are confident in the baltic states . 
  this is good for everyone involved . 
  but this time not 1mio mails from 1k people . 
  oh this is going to suck for the eu . 
  time to learn dutch . 
  or finnish . 
  but i think dutch is easier with english and german . 
  at least at my uni in my subject we have instituted that the advanced courses are held in english . 
  which is funny because our older lecturers are incapable of expressing themselves in english oraly . 
  two biases : this is household income . 
  households are small in germany but big in the south . 
  and not counted is pension payments which are very high in germany but less in other countries . 
  do san marino and monaco !, 
  and andorra !, 
   it 's rude to move to another country and not learn the language . 
  it always saddens me when people study here in germany and are n't even capable of buying a bread . 
  is the eu in negotiation with china , btw ? 
  so the war ended in ' 45 . 
  now it is 2013 . 
  by my advanced calculations 68 years have passed . 
  assuming the youngest guard was 16 , he is 84 years old . 
  typically they will have been even older . 
  i wonder when the last nazi will die . 
  sovereignity is a tool of checks and balances . 
  just like we have a seperation of justice system , executive and legislation there is a sepeartion desirable on this level . 
  so if the eu fancies itself to a decision that massively disadvantages say the netherlands they should have the right to secede and thus keeping the system in check . 
  how much us military is then left ? 
  ok i just looked at a map and the whole region is called macedonia . 
  part of it is in greece , bulgaria and the rest in republic of macedonia . 
  i ca n't believe the greek fud got to me so far that i believed it was weird for republic of macedonia to be called that . 
  how did macedonia come to be called macedonia anyway ? 
  catalan has a own tld ? 
  i have already learned something . 
  thank you for the link , i will check it out . 
  say i wanted to learn catalan ( and later any of spanish , french and portuguese ) how would i go about that ? 
  or if you want to read hans christian andersen . 
  i heard from exactly one of my teachers that she could speak low german . 
  someone around here said that low german is essentially the same as dutch , can you attest to that ? 
  thank you for your answer . 
   asean is n't a custom union . 
  there is the [ asean free trade area ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asean_free_trade_area ) . 
  i will consider crossposting it . 
  then again , i was interested in this subreddit 's opinion , thereby gauging european perception . 
  but ... how does the free market without state subsidy know which is needed ? 
  i mean people are n't wiling to pay for what they want . 
  so in ten years we will be a nuclear free country . 
  who else will be in that club ? 
  wonder if we can actually replace that power with renewable ressources or if we have to burn more coal . 
  and i thought 19 % were awful . 
  wonder if they will reach an agreement either way . 
  interestingly this is published just as i started the thread about territorial disputes . 
  maybe they stay after that ? 
  germany , france , uk , spain , greece , italy , austria . 
  minor countries are the benelux states or romania . 
  at least with scotland there is no dispute over who has jurisdiction , like with northern ireland . 
  there are secessionist movements but they stay within the law , major difference to the kosovo conflict . 
  intuitively . 
  gdp and population are both good indicators . 
  now there 's an interesting case . 
  so far there has been no declaration of independence though a lot of communities have announced they do not recognize the spanish government and await legislation from the catalon government , presumably by then independent . 
  see my other comments in this thread to get an idea of my opinion about catalonia and all other secessionist movements in spain for that matter . 
  it 's the country of looove . 
  no seriously , what is up with france ? 
  maybe it is much more parent-friendly legislation and policy , incentivising motherhood and so reducing female mobility ? 
  ok , i will provide a reason . 
  i believe in a people 's right to self-determination . 
  if a population wants to secede from a country for whatever reason , it should have the right to do so . 
  this is obviously the case with kosovo . 
  from this point of view the government of serbia has no claim over the territory of kosovo . 
  the case of cyprus is more complicated . 
  originally the divide happened by coup d'etat , not by will of populace . 
  the resulting regime can only survive by subsidy from turkey . 
  arguing from the viewpoint outlined above northern cyprus rightfully is part of cyprus . 
  but growing resentment on both parts of the debate leads me to the suggestion to simply let the country be divided . 
  this can be assessed by popular vote , maybe the people of northern cyprs vote for reunion ? 
   huh ? 
  care to elaborate this ? 
  point is that neither serbia or spain allow parts of their country to secede lawfully as opposed to germany or uk . 
  now kosovo despite this tries to secede and if it is able to gain recognition thus successfully seceding , this sets a precedent for secession . 
   regarding kosovo , what do you think about serbian-populated areas of it ? 
  if understand correctly , northern kosovo is mainly populated with serbs . 
  another commenter suggested a referendum for that part of the country and i go along with this proposal . 
  it 's all about self-determination anyway . 
  to jumpstart the discussion i will offer an opinion . 
  kosovo should be recognized as a legitimate state seperate from serbia .
