  makes me wonder what excellent movies and series not originating from uk or usa there are . 
  maybe not in 5:51 but in 5:51:00 ? 
   you think the eu is the only ` group ' opposing agricultural reform ? 
  no , it is essentially the whole developed world . 
   you think the only sticking point in doha is agriculture ? 
  out of twenty points , eighteen are resolved . 
  agriculture is a main point . 
  maybe not in 5:51 but in 5:51:00 ? 
  we could scrap our subsidies and finally end the doha trade talks on a positive note but apparently cap is necessary for food security and ` rural development ' ( read cheap tobacco , booze , bribes to france and italy and an open air museum where you can visit classic farms . ), 
  does someone have some kind of statistic how these people make money ? 
  extortion , bribes , drugs , counterfeits , human trafficing , pimping , gambling ... 
  but what is the distribution like ? 
  several of these can be dried out by simply legalizing it . 
  nice , i love this subreddit and it 's moderators . 
  edit : oh you should link this in the sidebar . 
  the direct link to the wiki is not accessible . 
  because the fault lies with the euro and not with their budget deficit , did n't you hear ? 
  i would love to see ukraine in the eu . 
  rough translation : germany 's secret agencies have to cooperate with the former allied forces and former governments have mislead the populace about this practice . 
  i say scrap the verfassungsschutz . 
  we do n't need no government agency to spy on ourselves , we already have the nsa for that . 
   labour is thinking about holding an eu referendum sooner than 2017 , there 's possibly enough cross party support for this to happen . 
  how much sooner ? 
  i like statistics . 
  croatia has a lot of potential to grow . 
  hit us companies where it hurts : their wallets . 
  i for one am moving away from all us based services except reddit and most probably amazon . 
  was n't there something in the news about how there would be no roaming costs whatsoever in the future ? 
  ** no economic sanctions . 
  these just hurt us and the world economy . 
  ** continue with fta talks , whether doha or transatlantic . 
  apply political pressure , denounce the practice publically . 
  end ties like nato and replace them with a european equivalent . 
  enact strong data and privacy protection laws and hold companies operating in the eu liabale for any violation . 
  see this as an opportunity to unite as a better europe . 
  let 's see if this will net up or down . 
  edit : this could be a great opportunity for the eu to establish itself as a safe data host . 
  many many companies do not want to deal with it but value discretion and data security very highly . 
  establishing a profile of providing the legal framework for just that can make europe the go-to place for companies providing such services . 
  / u/progeda named the best way to tear down the legal barrier to entry : get finnish citizenship and thus the right to permanent travel , residence and work in the european union and free travel to all schengen states outside of the eu ( switzerland , iceland , norway , liechtenstein ) . 
  how long do you want to stay in europe ? 
  if it is a matter of two weeks or so you are out of luck and just have to scrap some money together for a flight and stay with a hosting family or similar . 
  if you are willing to stay for more than a month maybe you can work on a farm or something similar . 
  if you want to stay even longer , working over here could be an option with your newly gained finnish citizenship . 
  anyhow , if this is about money , ask the guys at frugal travel or something . 
  if this is about legalities , for a short trip ask your local embassy or government agency , for longer trips consult your local finnish embassy to gain finnish citizenship . 
  edit : one more thing . 
  what languages do you speak besides english ? 
  [ found this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/neutralpolitics/comments/1h08vp/what_exactly_did_edward_snowden_reveal_is_the_us/caplt3l ), 
  exactly . 
  haha , of course not , ultimately every government is corrupted but maybe the spd could be the lesser of two evils . 
   you could still swap the cdu members who get the seats , right ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
   and cdu is the projected winner ? 
  would have thought that the economy would have favoured the social democratic party . 
  again , what ? 
  the cdu had practically always a majority . 
   this list could have been better and still foss friendly if it was n't for the massive amount of fsf dick-sucking . 
  yeah , the list is lacking in user-friendlyness . 
  i would love to rather have either a ready-made solution or a list more oriented on and sorted by friendlyness and effectiveness . 
  theoretically it should be possible to act on the national level too but according to polls our dear cdu will get about 40 % of votes and more than 40 % of the seats . 
  step 1 : www.prism-break.org . 
  i 'm going through the list myself and it is a lot . 
  step 2 : i do n't know . 
  burning cars and destroying windows is certainly not helpful , though . 
  neither is marching in the street and camping out in front of the ecb . 
  ideally you could hit where it hurts , namely in the wallet . 
  but unlike a private company you ca n't just take your business elsewhere . 
  you can also see it in the arab spring countries . 
  those that democratized now have islamistic leaders . 
  turns out mainly muslim countries elect muslim leaders , who 'd have thought that . 
  i have mixed feelings about this . 
  a united europe and a european identity is great because we share so many values and we have the potential to be this century 's power again . 
  but having one of the world religions as enemy figure does n't sit well with me . 
  how about a map of fluency in foreign languages ? 
  some time ago someone posted a table showing how many pupils are learning a particular foreign language . 
  you can then make a map for each of the major languages depicting fluency as percentage of people who underwent training in that language . 
  i 'm starting to feel sick . 
  this is outrageous . 
  love this and hope to see more !, 
  + / u/bitcointip 0.50 eur verify, 
  exactly . 
  too bad that wo n't happen any time soon . 
  edit : ultimately it has to do with the apparent lack of a european identity . 
  we have german , french , english ... but what is european ? 
  finland and sweden look like a man 's reproductive parts . 
  rough translation : if you count the same way in germany we get similar numbers . 
  just because you do n't work does n't mean you are unemployed as you could be a student . 
  spanish people should adopt a more german system of education with hands-on time in companies . 
  note : i do not necessarily agree with this article , i just give a rough translation . 
  wow , just wow . 
  this should be enough to see the usa as common enemy to europe and reason to unite us and seperate from them politically . 
  this sounds good . 
  explain to me how i am misled . 
  i am happy about this . 
  despite the eu 's negative image - not completely undeserved i might add - it has done much good for the poorer countries in europe . 
  anyhow , has someone information about albania 's accession bid ? 
  the comission said it would recognize it as potential candidate after successful democratic elections . 
  uhh , that actually sounds like an actual reason .
