  i took the time to look at some numbers . 
  seems like hungary and poland are on similar levels of both nominal and ppp gdp per capita , with romania having surprisingly low gdp per capita nominally but a much closer gap in terms of ppp . 
  do you have any projections available comparing these countries ? 
  is there some kind of propaganda going on ? 
  i am hearing amazing news about romania almost exclusively . 
  or the country is developing splendidly , in that case congrats . 
  erm2 must be entered explicitly and contains pegging the national currency to the eur . 
  are there any plans for that ? 
  so romania actually has a primary surplus ? 
   citation needed ... 
  there are virtually no tariffs between us and eu anymore . 
  the ttip negotiations mostly concerns non-tariff barriers [ 1 ] , from environmental regulation over intellectual property laws to labeling conditions . 
  i wo n't cite basic economics . 
  the principle of comparative advantage gives all you need . 
  besides , a simple google search `` benefits ttip '' will lead to a handful of studies arguing the point . 
   if truly free international trade is desired they should start another wto round ... you mean like doha that broke down on two points but would have led to global free trade ? 
  in my opinion the breakdown of the doha talks is one of the greatest political mistakes of our time . 
  virtually all economists agree that free international trade is extremely important . 
  anyone would be an idiot to oppose free trade in principle : the whole eea is built around the principle that seeing other nations as potential trade partners instead of enemies reduces conflict !, 
  further enhancing trade between the us and eu will lead to tighter economic links and further some growth and create jobs . 
  people do not object to this , they object to the manner in which the agreement is negotiated - though this is the standard for virtually all international agreements . 
  and they object to clauses furthering the interest of the economic elite like the investor clause . 
  it 'd be a grave mistake to scrap the whole agreement because of this . 
  out of the set eu , usa , efta , canada and mexico it is only the pair of eu and us that does not have a fta negotiated . 
  concluding ttip opens the door to negotiating a fta between all the mentioned states , a tranatlantic free trade area ( tafta ) , compromising about a billion people and a half of the world 's gdp and a third of its trade . 
  contrast this with other trade agreements currently being negotiated and established like unasur ( an equivalent to the eu compromising over 400 million people in south america ) or asean ( compromising 600 million people in southeast asia , with a combined gdp that would rank as the 8th highest among all other states ) expanding to the regional comprehensive economic partnership ( compromising of three billion people and a gdp similar to the eu or the us ), 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  i know from personal experience that buildings can be designed such that they are are sound absorbing . 
  sadly the crap we built some decades ago does not . 
  ah , now this is a stereotype i can serve as an example of !, 
  i am massively annoyed by my neighbours . 
  slamming doors without reason ( you have keys for the outside and knobs for the inside , the slamming just weakens the frame ) , stomping up und and down the stairs ( land on the front of your foot not the heel and you will enjoy your knees much longer ) , bouncing their bicycles [ sic ] against the walls as they carry them up and down the stairs , moving their furniture daily for god knows what reason , always renovating which obviously requires hammering in the loudest possible way , walking in their flat like it is a military parade ... why ? 
  things like these are deemed ` tolerable nuicances ' but party through the night one time and you get the police at your front door . 
  motherfuckers . 
  in general i am annoyed by either works that are n't announced even by a simple `` hey , we 're going to be working tommorow '' and completely unnecessary noise like throwing pots into the sink instead of gently placing them there . 
  sanctions only work in democratic states as they hurt the populace more than the regent . 
  seize something from the latter to see some actual effects on policy . 
  awesome , keep us posted . 
  i am very interested in the technology . 
  edit : where can i read as much as possible about the card , like is the design open and can i write applications for it ? 
  any info on how much a registration will cost and how complicated it is for the average citizen ? 
  also what kind of hardware is needed to use the card ? 
  too bad the article gives no information about what they can and can not agree on . 
  i assume that is a piece of french guyana . 
  yes , the eu borders brazil . 
   this approach is being used in africa ; the first such unification of this type will be the east african federation [ 1 ] , which will be a stepping stone to a united states of africa . 
  other regional communities in africa which could one day become one country include ecowas [ 2 ] and cemac [ 3 ] . 
  i 'll believe any one of those when i see it . 
  some more key words for you : mercosur , unasur , asean , as i hope those are up your alley . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  if one the energy union bought gas wholesale there was no pressure to put on any one country from the outside . 
  and two there were plenty of global suppliers like norway , russia , azerbaijan , qatar , canada , brunei , venezuela , australia , united states ... no one of those entities has any major political or economic power over the members of the energy union . 
  in fact we are more able to put pressure on any one of these countries if needed . 
  the eu should become the merchant power of the 21st century . 
  it is extremely dangerous to make basic infrastructure dependent on foreign entities . 
  in the case of europe though we have to make do with a ressource depleted continent and diversify our suppliers . 
  poland as natural ressource exporter , that will be the day . 
  i am very much in favour of the energy union . 
  oh and build as many lng terminals world wide as possible . 
  and a couple of pipelines more for good measure . 
  we do n't want any one entity to have a semblance of negotiation power over us . 
  are romania and bulgaria not receiving so much money because they do not know how to play the eu game or because of something else ? 
  i wonder how this will impact the negotiations for the free trade agreement between india and the eu . 
  people should generally get used to state prices in purchase power parity or with some other kind of correction for inflation . 
  a better map would be countries with full reciprocity . 
  anyhow , india wants to extend their voa programme to virtually all countries , among them all eu member states . 
  i will belive it when they submit a membership application . 
  and even then they are only at albania 's stage of integration . 
  surprising that people can not sufficiently differentiate between being displeased with linguistic hegemony and monoculture and displaying an aversion towards that language . 
  english is beautiful . 
  other languages are too . 
  linguistic monoculture is not . 
  why german ? 
  taking a natural language will give native nations a massive advantage . 
  latin gives quite some advantage to roman natives . 
  i propose using an artificial language with features from all european languages . 
   45 romania 23,48 -2 ( 42 ; 23,05 )  46 united states 23,49 -13 ( 32 ; 18,22 ) jesus christ . 
  prepare for maximum butthurt . 
   conducted in english so much for linguistic pluralism . 
  as far as i know any moldovan citizen can get romanian citizenship very easily , so anyone who wants out is already out . 
  having them participate in all other eu institutions too wo n't hurt , so why not welcome them ? 
  cold hard truth most certainly . 
  but we need to have ideals to strive for too . 
  that also means not going overboard with guilt , if there is such a thing . 
  for now there are things i can have a bigger effect on . 
  i just hope that one day countries will take germany as an example to follow with respect to dealing with the past . 
   if anything germany is by far the huge historical outlier when it comes to apologies and regret . 
  it 's not the norm to do and say what they do . 
  maybe we went one step too far but i 'd rather have german guilt as the standard than refusing to recognise some of the \u00b9 most heinous crimes against humanity . 
  1 : i avoid superlatives when dealing with ( inherently ) unquantifiable things like scales of crime . 
  other discussion in / r/economics . 
  someone pointed out that the calculations actually show the us in a * better * light than they deserve because medical costs and tertiary education are not included . 
  note how the norwegian data is cut off . 
  i suppose their middle class has an even higher living standard than the canadian one . 
  makes me want to cry . 
  i carry a bunch of cards with me i need to use everyday services and a couple more i use occasionally . 
  but of course we could trust our government to fuck up the electronic id system . 
  am i correct in assuming that you have one and only one card in your pocket that does everything ? 
  that sounds so amazing !, 
  holy crap , german news is on the higher end of the spectrum ?
