  the following is not supported by citations but a collection of my impressions . 
  do your own research . 
  it is easier to grow when you are plain behind . 
  this is not a dig against them but a plain matter of fact as large parts of the country were and still are agrarian . 
  the anti-corruption agency is making progress and plenty of arrests . 
  strong , reliable courts and low corruption in the bureucracy are pillars for very strong economic growth . 
  taxes are very low and many foreign companies are investing to build stuff within romania as the wages are so very low , thus reducing production costs . 
  i suppose they also plan to make romania a local hub to supply the surrounding countries and the balkans . 
  eu convergence funds go a very long way in romania , insofar as they are actually claimed . 
  romania has a very low absorption rate for these funds , partially because the eu looks * very * carefully how their money is spent , but the money that * is * spent helps a lot . 
  the extremely good internet connections helps romania to attract it and related companies . 
  remittances go a long way , as many romanians emigrate but still have family at home that they support . 
  this is ultimately a result of the combination of free movement of labour and low relative living costs . 
  short-term , romanias growth will be limited by the road infrastructure connecting it to western europe and connecting its cities with access to the black sea . 
  medium term , the efforts to kill off corruption will quite possibly make them wealthier than the hungarians . 
  right now , hungary is the only neighbour wealthier than romana as measured by gdp pet capita . 
   i read somewhere that trenitalia does on average less delays a year than db . 
  that 's not exactly an achievement . 
  an interesting proposal was to offer the french the first proper eu university in strassbourg in exchange for the single seat . 
  should the eppo be introduced , it would be a great act of symbolism to put their headquarter in romania . 
  ema and eba could then go to slovakia and bulgaria , the two of which do n't have agencies as of yet either . 
  if memory serves correctly , croatia , cyprus and latvia do n't have agencies either . 
  i wonder , however , what is going to happen to the eu officers that are only eu citizens by virtue of being uk citizens , will they have to be let go ? 
  i am pretty certain that professional chefs have words for umami or something to that effect . 
  the distinction is that japanese researchers identified umami as being one of the primary tastes , the same as bitter , salty , sweet and so on , and not like smells . 
  for that matter , chefs have a pretty rich vocabulary to describe tastes , textures and food related sensations . 
  sommeliers and barkeeps do so for drinks . 
  people that work with colors can talk all day about different properties of paints and colour perception . 
  taylors can tell you all about fabrics and weaves and how they feel . 
  and i am absolutely certain that i have n't even scratched the surface , as i could argue that perceiving processes and causality is the domain of the scientist with their own vocabulary for both the internal cognitive process and the world they observe . 
  it is the exact same way for all the creative fields , and the sciences for that matter : you develop a specific vocabulary and train your senses to perceive those nuances . 
  every person , barring some kind of disability , will perceive the same things but wo n't be able to name them . 
  apparently there is some kind of tribe that has an extremely rich vocabulary to describe smells , a sense that we usually do not take time to develop in the western world . 
  does that mean we are unable to smell that two things are different ? 
  certainly not . 
  but would we be able to describe to someone how the two things are different beyond the most basic terms like `` musky '' or `` sweet '' ? 
  probably . 
  any realistic chance of switching ? 
  i do n't tire of citing switzerland with four official languages , also within their military . 
  we can learn so much from them . 
   no , you ca n't . 
  you have to decide which one of want to keep until you reach the age of 24 . 
  yes you can , optioning is only for those who acquire german citizenship through birth in germany , not for those that acquire it by german descent :  persons who are germans on the basis of descent from a german parent do not have to apply to retain german citizenship by age 23 . 
  if they acquire another citizenship at birth , they can usually continue to hold this . 
  from the wikipedia link above . 
   also , please note that most people with turkish heritage in germany have a german passport . 
  not a turkish one . 
  again consulting [ wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/t%c3%bcrkeist%c3%a4mmige_in_deutschland ) :  nach informationen des ausw\u00e4rtigen amtes lebten im dezember 2012 in der bundesrepublik deutschland ca . 
  looks like i 'll have to amend that statement . 
  i mean this really is n't rocket science . 
  or drive to sweden and start your flight on the chinese passport from there . 
  ~ ~ most ~ ~ many turks in germany are n't german citizens . 
  [ see discussion below . ], 
  further , you can keep both your citizenships if you got both of them by birth . 
  and also , the law is rather convoluted , to be fair . 
  it is funny how dense you are , considering that we talk about thin atmospheres . 
  over eight years demand for gas sank by 25 % in the eu . 
  what is the cause for that ? 
  is energy intensive industry moving abroad ? 
  is insulation in residential and commercial buildings getting better ? 
  climate change leading to milder winters ? 
  do chemists find more affordable alternatives to gas as source material ? 
  that is still going on ? 
  i thought the talks were terminated over the issue of agricultural products and ... 
  i forgot which else . 
  that is quite a bit of money , but still less than what the largest asset management companies in the world manage . 
   hopefully it 's obvious that i meant sideways transportation to go elsewhere on a floor . 
  that 's useful as well , but the reduction of footprint for elevator shafts is what will pay for the system . 
  no i took what you said a bit too literal . 
  i 'd however be interested in seeing how much elevator shaft footprint impacts the cost of a high-rise building , since i have heard it said that it is one of the basic limiting factors with building height , but never argued in numerical terms . 
   you could have some sort of holding frame cabins could `` park '' into that can move along a third dimension to make it possible to go anywhere in a building ( i.e. , beyond a two-dimensional plane ) . 
  that would be great for in-house logistics . 
  think transport of food carts , laundry , or patients in bed in a hospital setting , for example . 
  maybe within larger buildings cabins could go from one shaft to other whens there is more of a load there , extending the paternoster concept from neighbouring to different shafts . 
   the ability to move sideways is just a bonus . 
  having them going sideways makes the roadway analogy possible in the first place . 
  the easiest application for being able to go sideways is a much safer pater-noster-style elevator . 
  and maybe some clever minds will find a revolutionary application for being able to go sideways . 
  now it is one more in germany . 
  please make a separate post about this in the sub , it sounds pretty interesting and could gather quite a few signatures in this sub . 
  so what does this mean in concrete terms ? 
  comprehensive fta , partial integration into the single market ? 
  development aid ? 
  some rights for the citizens ? 
  cooperation in some other respect ? 
  because ` execution ' is usually reserved for ~ ~ the death penalty ~ ~ state sanctioned murder . 
  calling this thing a murder clearly implies what these people are : murderers . 
   he was ~ ~ executed ~ ~ murdered . 
  that is the dilemma : do it cheap , then people complain that it is uninspired and boring , or do it with the newest tech available and people complain that it is expensive . 
  skyscrapers are the usual example : there is little economic sense in building as high as they do in the middle east except for prestige . 
  at the same time , some high rise would n't hurt in europe with respect to rents . 
   i 'd go as far as to say the eu should only use and develop open-source software for their own good . 
  just imagine a whole continent running solely on open source software . 
  just imagine all government services and many corporate services just a digital signature away , from home . 
  norway is awesome !, 
  zero deforestation , they are banning heating oil , encourage electric cars , start to experiment with electric boats and their electrical power generation is almost entirely renewable . 
  did i forget anything ? 
  i hope the rest of the continent will follow suit . 
  family without government-registered marriage can exist . 
  if the purpose is to protect children and childrearing , then make the protections of marriage contingent on rearing children , not contingent on government registration .
