  not that i should have such concerns but such is the human mind . 
  oh and if there is a general traffic control there always are two police men , one who checks you and one with a freaking machine gun , thanks to the raf who gunned down a couple of police men in their day . 
  another number , just to get an even better feel : the pirate party has about 33.000 members . 
  i know almost nothing of the baltic states . 
  they rae not covered in history and not covered in the news . 
  admittedly , latvia only has 2mio citizens so there just can not happen as much stuff as in france or germany . 
  as should a lot of other things but alas democracy trumps freedom of choice . 
  for anybody who thinks apprenticeships work only for manual labor : actuaries have an interesting system . 
  you usually have a contract with a company that pays for you to study and of course work . 
  you then take exams and the company offers you higher salary for every successfully completed exam . 
  maybe a similar system could be installed for other fields . 
  if and when you read the book , will you give me your opinition and a summary ? 
  of course , you magically gain wisdom and insight on your 18th birthday without ever exercising free will before that . 
   a very interesting idea !, 
  i do not know how the swiss are doing it , but i wonder how we can emulate them without their direct democratic approach . 
  do you have a link to the post ? 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1c6p81/making_europe_unconquerable_dr_gene_sharp/ come to think of it , lack of centralization makes it more difficult to conquer europe . 
  take out the confederate government , so what ? 
  all the important decisions happen elsewhere . 
   higher education , meaning such things as comparable university degrees , less bureacracy if you switch universities , more competition for but also more availability of funds , easier research collaborations , maybe even german-style research institutes . 
    do you object to that , or did you merely miss the word ? 
  the reason why i am wondering is that the scientific process is already fairly homogenized and it 's very valuable for students and researchers to have a `` common higher education space '' in europe . 
  the research on higher education i have read is extremely convoluted . 
  when in doubt , i tend to vote against government control . 
  maybe it is the universities that should be in control of their curricula and degrees ? 
  i do n't know . 
  again , research is convoluted , i have no serious opinion either way , so in doubt i vote against centralization . 
  it would be funny if some country in europe legalized cannabis and regulated it similar to tobacco . 
  maybe this would reduce the number of jobless and increase tax revenue . 
   with a centralised european army , i 'd fear that with a hammer , everything will look like a nail . 
  all problems look like nails if all you have is a hammer . 
   yes , we 'd have to revert to soft power to make ourselves heard , but this neede n't dampen our strength to defend ourselves . 
  only our ability to attack . 
  somebody posted `` how to make europe unconquerable '' a couple of days ago with the proposition of structuring a pan-european military akin to the swiss military thus eliminating any offensive capability , making europe prohibitively expensive to attack and reducing military spending . 
  the danger i see is that with a federal europe a federal military will emerge . 
  a confederal europe on the other hand can be a truly neutral power , never attacking , always fighting back . 
   this is why i hope that a european confederation will emerge in most matters , with far fewer , but heavily ( more than now ) centralised areas . 
  examples of the latter would be higher education and science , trade , and foreign policy . 
  foreign policy and trade , yes please . 
  science only on ultra-large scale like space programs . 
  education please not . 
  i do not want to spark a discussion about these specific points , the research is extremely convoluted and muddy from interests influencing relevant research in one direction or another . 
  the main point is that the specific rights the states delegate have to be democratically legitimized . 
  again , checks and balances . 
  herein lies another model for a confederate eu : having an organization offering core membership through adopting all treaties and offering lower membership by adopting a subset of the treaties . 
  we already have this in parts , it may fail , i do n't know . 
  anyhow , my political philosophy is based on my ignorance . 
  i do n't know what is best for europe or my fellow people . 
  but i know that power tends to centralize and power tends to corrupt . 
  any method to keep power in check and a balance in place is welcome . 
  my criticism is that the us american federal government is too powerful compared to national governments . 
  though there are clauses restricting the rights of the federal government , these rules are easily bent . 
  a prime example is the clause that any commerce having nothing to do with interstate commerce is exclusively a matter of the individual state . 
  the supreme court ruled then that a law incentivising local trade reduces interstate commerce by reducing it , thus being a matter of federal law . 
  admittedly , this is a particular ruling of the supreme court and not an inherent feature of a federal structure , but it shows what can happen . 
  another thing you can see is when you put the usa 1774 and 2013 next to each other . 
  the federal government has grown massively . 
  maybe this growth and centralization of power is an inherent feature of federal structures ? 
  the starkest contrast is the extent of the military . 
  while for quite a while there was no standing army , the usa pays for the largest , admittedly most capable and most expensive military in the world . 
  again , not inherent in a federation , but it certainly does not hinder such developments . 
  ultimately , my argument against federalism is one against a centralization of powers . 
  the more control a central government - ** any ** central government - has over more subjects , the more lives will be affected by a mistake . 
  distribution of powers mitigates this by reducing the number of affected people . 
  a prime example of this is the prohibition of alcohol in the usa at the beginning of the 20th century . 
  a horrible , horrible thing for the population that could have been massively smaller in scale if the federal government did n't have such powers . 
  this is an interesting question . 
  really . 
  the one organisation that comes closest to the eu is the usa historically . 
  and look what that got them . 
  in hindisght i think they would have been better served with a confederate arrangement . 
  maybe that is what the eu needs , too . 
  outward we have to act in unity , internally we certainly should be able to disagree . 
  strong national rights are important in a frame of checks and balances to avoid a totalitarian eudssr . 
  i think we should design the ideal eu around this concept of checks and balances with the nations on one side and the whole of the people on the other side . 
  we have a similar system in germany , it works quite well , though not ideally . 
  one possibility is to have the eu as a facilitator of national cooperation . 
  similar countries should cooperate and are encouraged to do so . 
  common military , common currency , common aspects of law . 
  we have for example the nordic union , they some work in that direction . 
  these smaller unions can then be expanded or kept , depending on how well they fare . 
  this is a complicated subject . 
  the one thing i am not willing to accept though is an organization not democratically legitimized . 
  yes , our politicians are elected but the more layers you stack on top of each other the less people you have to convince essentially . 
  this is the danger with a layered approach to the eu where lower layers elect the higher layers . 
  does that mean we people in germany get to buy your cheap electricity from hydro ? 
  and you buy our surpluses in times of high wind and sun ? 
  interesting . 
  will this affect other kinds of copyright protected intellectual property , like games or movies ? 
  i hope this makes the eu more attractive as a market for digital content . 
  see , that is kind of the question i wanted to raise : do we need the nato and thus be subject to extra-european interests or put up a seperate european defence ? 
  i would argue that the latter is preferable but i am interested in other opinions . 
  i hope there is a discussion about this . 
  i do not know enough about geo - and military politics to have a qualified opinion but it seems to me that with a common defense policy of the eu there is not much additional need for the nato . 
  maybe europe could establish itself as a neutral power without the nato . 
  ( and then we could bring switzerland and norway on board ) we should note that the set of eu members is not a subset of the nato members , e.g. 
  austria is not a nato member . 
  it should be mentioned that the distribution of powers between the eu parlament and the european council is quite different from the division on national levels . 
  the comment section ? 
  abysmal for any popular german publication , even if it is spiegel , zeit or s\u00fcddeutsche .
