  this aversion to marketing is like a mild poison in europe . 
  well that would be close competition to volt , ampere and ohm . 
  also celsius and sadly fahrenheit would like to have a word too . 
   tesla is 90 % marketing us americans beat us in marketing to hell and back . 
  we need to catch up . 
  at least many of those are closed down . 
  i 'd prefer it if we could close down the rest too . 
  it is the name your country asked international organisations to adopt when refering to it . 
  that is , the czech republic wants to be called czechia in english . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  as brutal as the differences are right now , they are smaller compared to how they were for each member joining . 
  and i am certain we still have n't made use of all the economical and political tools at our disposal . 
  right , i always forget that bratislava is virtually a suburb of vienna . 
  here you see what people mean when they say `` eastern europe '' : all the areas that are red . 
  eastern germany only escapes because they had the most liberal economy as gdr out of the iron curtain countries and because of massive transfer payments since reunification . 
  we also see that slovenia and czechia are doing rather well . 
  and that one are in slovakia ? 
  strange how strong the contrast between austria and hungary is especially . 
  to be fair , [ european defence colaboration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union ) is a mess . 
  but that is bound to happen with plenty of different historical attempts with no single entity to coordinate it . 
  compare with space exploration and scientific cooperation , where we have a similarly confusing situation . 
  and i am sure plenty other too . 
  no worries , now we have a dominant organisation , the eu , so maybe we can deduplicate some capabilities . 
  [ third ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/naval/2016/02/04/bundeswehr-sea-battalion-dutch-navy-integration/79845430/ ) maybe ? 
  there is no god . 
   any manufacturer can make these compounds , it 's not particularly hard and can be done anywhere in the world , even in third world countries . 
  i always wondered with medication . 
  how difficult is it to produce , generally ? 
  i mean stuff like aspirin is rather easy to produce , the reaction can be done in a high school chemistry lab , although of course not at scale and not with the required purity . 
  then again there is stuff like specific types of cells that need to be made individually for the patient and are horribly horribly expensive . 
  also , strictly speaking , you do n't need a separate law against corporal punishment , as that should already fall under assault . 
  i do n't know whether any jurisdiction practices this though . 
   because then a farm worker from cuba could travel to rural china and easily talk to the local people ? 
  what a fantastic future that would be - no more barriers , no more translations , no more misunderstanding . 
  everyone 's work is directly accessible to everyone else . 
  that is exactly what an international auxiliary language is for . 
   meh , cultures are extremely globalized anyway . 
  let 's finish the process . 
  that is just plain not true . 
  and even less of an argument `` something is occuring , let 's push it further '' is the form of `` climate change is happening anyhow , let 's pump even more gas into the atmosphere . '', 
   our long-term future relies on the development of science and technology , not on wearing polka dot dresses and going out to church on sundays . 
  that is a statement of value on one hand and extremely ignorant of what a cultre is on the other . 
  culture gives birth to an environment that enables science , technology and innovation as history shows and even if you put value only on those things , there is still value in experimenting with different value systems to enable those - which incidentally is culture . 
  why would you kill all the languages in the world ? 
  and of all the languages , why should english survive ? 
  diversity of languages is a good thing , they act as a mild barrier , they carry cultures and ideas and indeed different languages are different ways to see the world . 
  stomping all that down to one is just counterproductive and not in our long-term interest . 
  the [ grin report ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fran%c3%a7ois_grin#grin.27s_report ) estimates that the advantage to the uk is about 17b $ annually . 
  i highly doubt that figures look significantly different for the countries in the anglosphere . 
  it 's not that surprising . 
  once you realize that english as lingua franca puts one cultural sphere at a disproportional advantage over all others , having an artificial language as international auxiliary language just makes sense . 
  all other benefits , such as being easy to learn and didactic benefits for learning natural languages are then gravy on top . 
  it is especially the didactic benefits that make me scratch my head when i see other people 's reaction to esperanto . 
  [ studies have shown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaedeutic_value_of_esperanto ) that learning esperanto first and then another language saves you time overall , that is you get to a higher level of fluency in the same time with learning esperanto first and then your target language than compared with just learning your target language . 
  even if we taught esperanto for didactic value only , every child should be able to speak it , just so it has an easier time learning english , german , spanish , swedish , french , croatian or whatever . 
   you do n't even use , unlike russians , metric system in aviation , navy ect ect ect . 
  russians use metric in aviation and shipping ? 
  that is amazing , not joking !, 
  partial metrication always bothers me , like stating an engines power output in horse powers or giving monitor and phone sizes in inches . 
  this would be an interesting case for huge wealth funds : the refusal to buy any debt from countries or debt denominated in currency of countries carrying out ~ ~ state sponsored murder ~ ~ the death penalty . 
  the energy transition is going to * suck * . 
  while we do generate a little less than third of our electricity from renewable sources , shutting down nuclear and coal plants means we need to double our production or even triple it if we want to go full renewable . 
  but that 's not even half of it . 
  besides electricity we still have heating and transport which are about 15 % and 5 % renewable respectively . 
  granted , new technology like insulation and more efficient motors can reduce demand in those categories , yet it shows that we will have to do * massive * work to satisfy current consumption with renewable sources . 
  current renewable technology is plain not ready yet for this transition , we need to reduce consumption overall , at least it seems so to me . 
  do any of you hold dual or multiple citizenship ? 
  if so , are all of those eu countries or are you a citizen of a non-eu country too ? 
  do you get any benefits from your dual citizenship ? 
  i already speak german , english and hungarian . 
  i took latin in school but forgost most of it already . 
  since many other want to learn languages too , i think it would be useful to note which languages have deep similarities to each other and are thus easier to learn for native speakers . 
  for example i hear that dutch and german are very similar . 
  would it be possible for a german native speaker to learn dutch by reading dutch material ? 
  and how can we push in that direction ? 
  no seriously . 
  we bicker , we fight , we complain . 
  on a lighter note , thank you for all the discussion and insight . 
  it is very nice to see a diverse community with members of nearly all nations of europe . 
  also , any eu citizen that has resided in luxembourg for 36 months is eligible to join their military . 
  oh and irish citizens are allowed to serve in the british military ( besides commonwealth citizens . ), 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_militaries_that_recruit_foreigners ), 
  we have essentially two territorial disputes in europe : northen cyprus and kosovo . 
  the latter is recognized by nearly half of all sovereign states and almost all eu members , the former is only recognized by turkey with no end to the dispute in sight . 
  what are your opinions ? 
  unions , states are unique as the people that live in them . 
  but there obviously are always similarities . 
  i know that today there is unasur ( union of south american nations ) striving to be something akin to the eu . 
  the au ( african union ) exists but is in its factual power more akin to the council of europe . 
  in south-east asia we have asean with a customs union in place but i have no clue how to compare them to e.g. 
  the eu . 
  historically the usa when under the articles of confederation were very like the eu from what i gather . 
  oh and there is the arab league where i have no clue , too . 
  i hear about the federalists , what about the rest ? 
  pro : users with custom flair text presumably would like other too see it . 
  contra : it clutters the interface somewhat , though in other subreddits it seems very ordered . 
  source : http://www.openeurope.org.uk/content/documents/pdfs/acquis.pdf this includes all traties , extentions , charters and court decisions . 
  i do n't know if 170,000 is absurdly high or reasonable so i want to see it in relation to e.g. 
  germany .
