  reducing energy consumption coupled with a shift to different energy sources helps to massively reduce this figure . 
  germany * already * has superchargers ? 
  why have n't i heard of this ? 
  and they plan to have near complete coverage of western europe by the end of the year . 
  maybe antitrust cases will force them to open up their network to competitors , haha . 
  this will speed up adoption of electric cars in europe . 
  i can only hope that we will be less reliant on oil in the next ten years . 
  edit : i 'm stupid , they just opened those chargers . 
  i will leave my post unedited as testament to my abysmal reading skills . 
  visa free travel is not about friendship and cooperation but about money tourists bring in . 
  this , among other things , is the reason for requiring biometric passports : they are expensive to obtain and automatically select for wealthier travelers . 
  i write this from a german point of view : ignoring us americas electronic registration system and cuba , i can travel the whole of the americas with my passport and no visa . 
  though i can not yet travel all of europe because of belarus and russia . 
  in fact , because of those two countries , about 40 % of the continent is restricted !, 
  some research shows that russia and the eu are in [ negotiations ] ( http://en.ria.ru/russia/20131207/185311112/russia-pushing-for-eu-visa-free-travel-deal-in-january.html ) for visa free access to each others territory but the process is seemingly stalled by the eu side . 
  as i am learning russian , i hope that one day i can freely travel there to visit this important part of europe and its history . 
  would it be possible for turkey to join the eea but not the eu ? 
  or to have them in a special relationship similar to switzerland ? 
  i think this could be a compromise most eu citizens could be happy with . 
   linking supply and demand through trading may save consumers as much as 4 billion euros a year by enabling electricity to flow efficiently to markets where it is most needed , according to the european commission , the bloc 's regulator . 
  with a population of about 500 billion people this means about $ 80 saved per year and person . 
  poland is quite a success story . 
  hope the rest of central and eastern europe will have such great development . 
  china allows dual citizenship ? 
  or just if you know the correct person to bribe ? 
  because free software is n't the industry standard and everybody uses microsoft windows , the superior product , which we can trust not to spy on us as opposed to this collection of programs by some kid in his basement . 
  similar , but not quite . 
  i remember lots and lots of comments and pictures , but it was all in english . 
   they cluster together upon arrival but tend to move out of the immigrant neighborhood as they start to make more money . 
  is this true for all communities or just the smaller ones ? 
  meaning that are those communities sustainable in the sense that they can survive without constant influx of immigrants ? 
  i 'm continually fascinated with us america and its people . 
  most of the country may be of european heritage but it 's only that : heritage . 
  both cultural regions took that heritage to different conclusions , owing to the different cultural environments . 
  depends on quite a number of factors , among them context . 
  there are the people of turkish heritage that keep most of their family 's culture . 
  those are turks as in `` they are not germans '' there are the lower class people , may they be ` proper germans ' or turks , those are turks as in `` they are scum . '', 
  depiction of attitudes does not have to match with the authors opinions ) and finally there are people of turkish heritage that have adopted much of german culture and attitudes . 
  those are turks as in `` their family is from turkey '' , similar to how american-italians , american-chinese and so on drop the first part of their description . 
  as you see , nationality , cultural identity , heritage and social class are a complicated subject in europe , at least in germany . 
  many people take deep pride in those things and more so than some time ago , i think . 
  it is then with this background that people are offended by american-italians calling themselves italians , as they clearly do not fit in the framework that is used so much in europe . 
  i go in the realm of speculation now , but imagine someone from the so-called south in the usa emigrating to , say , the new england states . 
  they marry there , have children , those grow up there and in a few generations a member of that family moves to the south . 
  are they southern now or new england people ? 
  in europe they 'd be seen as southern with new england influence . 
  this is ultimately due to europe 's long and complicated history with people living in the same town for generations . 
   and once this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trans_adriatic_pipeline is complete , greece will be the # 1 energy pillar of the eu , it will also lessen the strangle-hold of gas monopoly that russia has on europe . 
  maybe then the eu and russia can be better friends . 
  how about seeing yourself as american with italian roots ? 
  that is the way migrants in europe are generally seen . 
  for example there were plenty of children of immigrants at my school . 
  we see them as germans with specific cultural roots , like turkish or korean . 
  but how people from the usa can see themselves as french , italian or scottish when their families emigrated generations ago seems like a mystery to me . 
  then again , this topic is one of the plenty of differences between europeans in general and us americans . 
  now that is one informative answer . 
  could n't albans and fyrom also be allies ? 
  some people say that norway will join when oil runs out and switzerland will join when the surrounding countries do n't allow them as banking haven . 
  i 'm not sure they are right , but your answer shed some more light on this matter . 
  thank you . 
  the norwegian economy seems borderline dutch disease to me , a rapid fall of oil prices due to increasind reliance on renewable or nuclear energy and electric cars might be deadly to the economy . 
  i 'm curious , are there estimates when the oil will run out ? 
  maybe then opinions might change . 
  well , i can agree with virtually all of that . 
  more elements of direct democracy . 
  which is actually the same thing i propose for my country . 
  would n't you be prime candidates then for elecric cars similar to how tesla expands in norway ? 
  maybe one day we 'll be able to travel all of europe without a visum . 
  and then the whole world . 
  that 's because the eu is n't a single market with regards to copyrighted content . 
  be it because the localisation has to be bought from another company than the original producer or because of local copyright agencies that make life hard for content distributors . 
  if the eu was a single market , i could buy a distribution licence for the complete eea ^ 1 and not just single countries . 
  yeah , maybe i would have to negotiate the seperate languages seperately , but that has no relation to being a single market . 
  1 : do n't forget that the members of the eea are part of the single market too . 
  some laws do not apply to them but in this case all relevant laws do . 
   they work just fine well , not really . 
  selection is quite small , i ca n't get the original soundtrack and image quality is horrible on a 100mbps connection . 
  the usual stereotype is that we have to pay for their expenses when they have overdrafted their accounts . 
  needs some comparison . 
  as a lay person i am unable to decide how powerful this is . 
  any chance of change over there in my lifetime ? 
  i am quite young yet . 
  i am flooded with us stuff , so something european is a nice change . 
  if only we had something like netflix that is actually usable . 
  people ca n't tell the difference between europe , the eu , the eea and efta . 
  i 'm baffled quite often . 
  the purity law is outdated and needs to be repelled . 
  if brewers want to make beer according to the law , and people want to buy beer made according to the purity law , let them have it . 
  but do n't force everyone else to abide by your strict view on what beer is . 
  thanks , now i know why i have upvoted you several times . 
   which is why the european union is aggressively pushing for a trade deal with india ? 
  and is in the final stages of closing it ? 
  not doubting you , i know that there are talks , but can you link to a source ? 
  especially the `` final stages of closing it '' part . 
  is there any eta on when the talks will be finished , like this year or the next ? 
  which is quite a shame . 
  makes it impossible to track changes immediately after accession . 
  best of luck anyway . 
  well , you have n't even submitted an application for candidacy, 
  i 'd be surprised if the negotiations are concluded by the end of the year .
