  so what can we do to break down that last barrier ? 
  i like that map . 
  corresponds nicely to the current independence movements . 
  the title `` europe 's last dictator '' itself is a disgrace to europe . 
  i see on your facebook page a link to a news article about visa negotiations . 
  i suppose the result of those will be visa free travel for eu and russian citizens to the respective territories ? 
  what kind of work do you want to do ? 
  your post is n't clear on that . 
  any reduction is good . 
  though in this case it is probably more because of rising transportation prices . 
  ca n't wait for self-driving cars . 
  or rather merkel can into poland . 
  then again ... 
  i see no reason against it . 
  complete independence would be funny though . 
  introducing elements of direct democracy , generally easing the influencing of eu policy . 
  i have heard many times that european investors lack willingness to risk . 
  seems to be true , sadly . 
  same thing with devaluation . 
  those who have their savings in equity profit or at least do n't loose , those who have their savings in cash or debt loose or at best do n't win . 
  please name a few . 
  incidentally , how do european movie makers compare to american ones ? 
  i know that german productions usually are not that great . 
  that would be great for cutting down on organised crime . 
  alas , i think the majority is against this . 
  sure it was not beef ? 
  eu wide referenda would be a good idea too . 
  generally introducing more elements of [ direct democracy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/direct_democracy ) . 
  i want to point out that the spe will make europe more competitive as a economic zone . 
  the main obstacle currently is , of course , germany where they want to try out a new corporate form , the mini gmbh . 
  ( which technically is not a new corporation but a different founding process ) does anyone know what other eu common corporations there are ? 
  i know of se and sce . 
  this is it . 
  farmers in all modern countries are heavily subsidized . 
  oh and of course it is not the little cooperatives that get the most benefits . 
  interestingly , until 300ad the pope was elected by all adult christians in rome . 
  also , the pope was n't nearly as influential a person as he is now . 
  say we , the people , want the eu to be more democratic . 
  how could we go about that ? 
  i go by [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_nationality_law ) . 
  dual citizenship is allowed if the spanish citizenship is acquired by birth or the other citizenship is in andorra or a latin american country except brazil . 
  at least according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_nationality_law ), 
  if you have spanish citizenship you are also citizen of the eu , thus you can work and live in any schengen country . 
  though spain usually does not allow dual citizenship . 
  but esa can not into sovereign human spaceflight . 
  incidentally , how many foreign troops are left in germany ? 
  since your comment will be downvoted anyway , as will be mine . 
  how can i check the upvote/downvote statistics on an individual comment ? 
  i feel that proposing such a change will only provoce accusations of xenophobia . 
  well , if you are paying taxes the whole thing seems reasonable . 
  but from the article i get that they are implying that people can get benefits without ever paying taxes . 
  and that seems a bit iffy . 
  i do n't quite get why foreigners get governmental benefits . 
  do n't you usually have to be a citizen to be eligible ? 
  i hear venetians want to secede from the rest of italy . 
  also , many people advocate the partition of belgium . 
  i am excited about this . 
  though i wish esa would not be reliant on foreign entities for human transport . 
  the catalan government wants to have a referendum in 2014 . 
  i am pretty sure that a majority wants to secede . 
  this raises also the question of who decides when to intervene or not . 
  i for one would prefer to have a public vote on such delicate matters . 
  consider that in the us there are [ state defence forces ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_defense_force ) seperate from the federal forces . 
  these can not be under command of the president and are obliged to defend only the state they are serving in . 
  i want to offer an alternative aspect . 
  the eu currently supports the sovereignity of all the member states . 
  if there is a standing eu army as opposed to seperate national armies the right to leave the eu is severely inhibited . 
  this is a conundrum that should be adressed and frankly i do not know how it should be adressed . 
  i am all for a common foreign policy and this entails without a doubt a common defence policy and is not feasibly without some kind of common army . 
  the possibility of savings with a common army is significant and desirable . 
  mainly i think france and the uk will oppose this . 
  on possible solution is , instead of having governmentally organized insurance/retirement accounts , requiring citizens to be insured with/pay into private companies . 
  these can be easily cross borders and potentially provide benefits globally . 
  why do you think croatian is easiest to learn ? 
  easy grammar , similar vocabulary ? 
  pity that esa does not get as much publicity as e.g. 
  nasa . 
  of course there are obvious economic reasons for them staying out of the union , i just wanted to have a nice starter for the question . 
  i for one would love to see some form of eu referendum . 
  the current method of petitioning is simply lacking . 
  can you please expand on that ? 
  i really meant more in the frame of the eu , seeing as membership is a topic for scots , too . 
  i think this will also set a precedent for the rest of europe , especially the scots , given that independece goes over successfully . 
  is n't catalan independence a thing over there , too ? 
  looking at the appropriate wikipedia pages there seems to be overwhelming support . 
  i heard they will have a referendum next year . 
  what do you think will be the outcome ? 
  what do people say when they talk about scottish independence ? 
  europeans traditionally are much more conservative . 
  think about it historically : the usa are composed almost entirely of people willing to take a giant risk by moving to a new world wheras europe is left with those willing to stay , to endure the old . 
  one possibility to mitigate this is to initiate similar platforms as kickstarter in europe and to provide information on how to easily start an europe wide business . 
  as an aside , economic growth is usually induced by two parameters not under control of a government : willingness to take risk and savings rate wheras the savings are ideally invested . 
  edit : composed , not compost . 
  i am sorry . 
  if you want to start up a startup culture in europe reduce all possible barriers , promote risky investments aka vc funding and think about possible advantages of the european market over the american one . 
  we have a much more densely populated continent so something that scales with that parameter should be more successful here than there . 
  can someone please give a tl ; dr of what this liberalization would entail ? 
  depends massively on the country . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naturalization ) gives a good overview . 
  $ 664bn military spending .
