  is my impression wrong ? 
  of course there are some things you need to be physically present for , like providing a physical signature and completing contracts that need a notary public as witness . 
  but i 'd think that the vast majority you can do online . 
  in germany we have an extremely weak version of eid : as issued by government , it is unable to generate qualified electronic signatures , you need a separate provider for that , which costs to much money for the average citizen to be useful . 
  imagine you 'd be able to complete virtually all bureaucratic necessities online , in the comfort of your home . 
  we could save a lot of resources and redirect them in more useful ways . 
  but the possibilities go beyond that . 
  imagine that we have systems like that europe wide , that are mutually recognised and can comunicate with each other . 
  we could in a matter of hours sign contracts for various services , work or for founding an association . 
  even more , all communication partner have complete asurance that they are talking to the person they assume they are talking to . 
  at the same time they can trust that their communication is confidential by virtue of encryption , espcially important when talking to physicians and lawyers . 
  even further , digital voting in conjunction with extensive direct democracy will lead to government that serves its people even better on all levels . 
  i 'll be curious to how well it will work . 
  also i might visit to see it for myself , but that is a few years off . 
  the short answer to your question is that the current judicial basis of the european union , the treaties , do not provide the possibility of referenda , as the european union historically is a union of states , not a union of people . 
  specifically , the proces of accession to the eu is laid out in the maastricht treaty and requires the ratification of each member stae seperately and the european union in the form of commission , council and parliament . 
  of course if the eu wer to be put on a strong democratic basis , the union citizens would have the ability to bypass each step in the [ eu legislative process ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_legislative_procedure ) by petitioning the comission to draft a law ( bypassing parliament ) , initiating a law to be discussed by parliment and council ( bypassing comission ) and demanding a referendum where proposals are adopted if the majority of voting people and a majority of member states agree ( bypassing council and parliament according to their rules ) . 
  all in all a system like this should deny the union institutions the possibility to enact a decision against the citizen 's will and give the citizens a possibility to enact a decision against the institution 's will . 
  the arguments against this scheme are the usual arguments against direct democracy and as such i will not discus them . 
  for countries with igh levels of direct democracy see switzerland , liechtenstein and norway . 
  further see some subnational entities like hamburg and bavaria in germany . 
  at least they have the balls to do something . 
   ideas of sharing a seat in the un what ? 
  can you give a source for that ? 
  i do n't really get the opposition to an eu military . 
  `` muh sovereignity '' is n't a proper argument in this context , considering that common borders and common markets already imply common border protection . 
  also considering both nato and the defence clause in the teu , military cooperation is absolutely necessary . 
  messing around in the world where we have no business messing around ? 
  only one or two easily overruled countries do that . 
  we do n't have common interests ? 
  not at all , an attack from any direction endangers the whole european project , both from the geostrategic standpoint and the view of solidarity . 
  we can model the eu military on the swiss concept that a chief commander only exists when there actually is war . 
  we can model the eu military on the us where there are * three * levels of military , the federal forces , the national guards and the state defence forces. , with different responsibilities and rights . 
  to categorically deny a eu military is plain foolish . 
  all concerns can be heard , all ideas can be discussed . 
  we have a chance here to learn from all the world 's past failiures and to avoid them in creating a new kind of organization and system for defence . 
  by the way , the same goes for you : if you can clearly prove specific european descent , that is french , german , slovene , and so on , it is extremely easy to get the respective citizenship . 
  it 's the principle of jus sanguinis . 
  of course the farther back the last citizenship is , the weaker the claim is and it depends on the particular country how strict they are . 
  serious : if your wife can prove that she is descendent of a greek citizen she can get greek citizenship . 
  you , by virtue of being her spouse , can then live with her in any of the member states of the eu and eea , with basically no conditions . 
  thank you , i was however hoping for an easily digestible `` state1 , state2 , state3 legalized ; statea , stateb voted for death penalty . '', 
  apparently a lot of other things were voted on , too . 
  do you have an overview about those things , like death penalty and cannabis ? 
   one of the few courts in the world that even convicted itself . 
  what ? 
  when did that happen and in what context ? 
   i want to have a number of kids in the double digits ten or more children is most definitely an outlier - even globally speaking . 
  may i ask what leads you to this desire ? 
  considering that the wholesale price for electricity in germany is [ 0.0457 $ / kwh ] ( https://proteus-solutions.de/~photovoltaik/strompreis:tm.f06!sm.ex1.asp ) and retail customers pay 0.30 $ / kwh it could be a lot cheaper if it was n't for all kinds of taxes . 
  maybe after the energy transition is done . 
  about a third of our electricity generation comes already from renewable sources , falling prices for solar technology and even more so for wind will further speed up the move to close to 100 % renewable . 
  though our government in its infinite wisdom will find a new use for the taxes after the transition is done instead of reducing the tax load especially on the people with the lowest incomes . 
  there were a number of proposed project in that direction , among other things to [ create huge african inland seas ] ( http://xefer.com/2005/03/lake ) which could aid in regreening the sahara desert . 
  formally this is much like a country requiring the approval of a lower and an upper house to ratify a treaty , only in this case the eu require 28 national parliaments ( and some regional parliaments ? ), 
  to approve and the european parliament and council . 
  is my understanding there correct ? 
  this is an excellent question . 
  in the same vein we can wonder about the nordic countries , as they have almost identical concerns , either together with the baltics , taken as the nordics or even just the two of sweden and finland . 
  or what the number is their clock shows for that matter . 
  the sun wo n't rise earlier or later by changing what number your clock shows . 
  what is the reasoning behind this ? 
  i wonder if this will affect the quality of weed on the black market in europe . 
  / r/europeanculture, 
  please do . 
  maybe then the rest of europe will get off their asses and scrap it too . 
   it 's a stupid tax to even exist . 
  * thank you . 
  thank you very much . 
   i can go on more about the good and the bad of it if there 's demand . 
  please do . 
  stupid question : what is the sense of an esa member still having its own , independent space program ? 
  adding the budgets of esa and of all the member state 's space programs we get a budget surpassing nasa , so by cancelling all the national programs we can either save some money or get more science done , at least it seems so to me . 
  and how would you solve that ? 
  i 'm not up-to-date and informed on this topic . 
  the eppo would only be able to prosecute in existing courts and help to enforce existing laws , insofar as the target damages the eu 's financial interests . 
  what is so bad about it ? 
  the usual argument about `` sovereignity '' does n't apply as this prosecutor would still be bound by national law in national courts . 
  is it that by this the eu would be able to sue governments , organisations and individuals ? 
  until now was n't it able to ? 
  exactly . 
  anyone who cared to read it could download the [ current self help guide ] ( http://www.bbk.bund.de/de/service/publikationen/broschuerenfaltblaetter/ratgeber_node.html ) for free in various languages besides german or order a hard copy for free . 
  it always advised to keep a ration for catastrophic events , where they define `` catastrophic event '' as anything you could n't deal with by yourself , like even a house fire . 
  good . 
  let 's do this for everything in the eu . 
  while we 're at it , require all software used by the government , especially produced for the government , to be under a free software licence like gpl or bsd . 
  specifically because a bunch of nimbys do n't want to see power lines in their surroundings . 
  the problem is that we have a lot of wind in the north and that surplus could be consumed in the south , if it was n't for a lack of sufficient connectors between those two ends . 
  why is he showing the weight in lbs and not in civilized units ? 
  it is a big deal , i do n't know why it is n't a bigger news story . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  so even with the 33 % cost reduction offshore wind is not competitive with fossil fuels , for onshore wind however there is a chance . 
  so in concrete terms , how much will offshore wind then cost compared to onshore wind , solar , black coal , brown coal and gas ? 
  yeah i hope it succeeds , i 'd love to have cities people-friendly again , cars come with just too many external costs attached . 
  most overlooked , measures like these reduce the overall noise level , which is relevant as people generally do not appreciate how beneficial quiet actually is . 
  the air in germany is still pretty shit compared to what a country with our level of wealth could do . 
  alas , that topic is covered almost exclusively by the greens whom i do not otherwise agree with . 
  higher wages could also lead to expatriates repatriating . 
  personally , i 'd consider moving for projects , that is a few months , but not for years or even permanently . 
  embarrassing on some indicators , good on others .
