  \\  go to https://www.nationalityindex.com/#  * 26 - romania  * 27 - bulgaria  * 28 - united states my fucking sides . 
  i did n't know subreddit simulator is active in / r/europe . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  after ww2 you kind of stole the property of the german minority , too . 
  edit : that pissed some people right off . 
  point taken . 
  is n't that a little little for the title `` europe 's green battery '' ? 
  because university was the first thing that came to my mind , and applies to most users around here . 
  singapore does it like that : you can attend their university for some fee and a few years forced stay , or pay a higher fee and be free to leave any time . 
  of course it is not without merit , it is following the parent 's line of argument to its logical conclusion . 
  people just fall for the fallacy of seeing a company as something else than a group of people acting together , thereby coming to conclusions at odds with what would be seen as reasonable for private individuals . 
  and what , pray tell , are the owners , operators and workers of a corporation ? 
  people , i presume . 
  besides , i wrote the word * companies * , not * corporations * . 
  the former is a group of people acting together and the latter is a legal construct . 
   the experts have for decades said more tax should be shifted from tax on work towards tax on property , since tax on work comes with so many external damaging attributes and property can not be moved out of the country . 
  a few parties agreed on this , but the property owners is such a powerful voting group that the major parties have gone into election the last 3-4 times with the express promise of not raising property taxes . 
  i definitely think it 's an absurd scenario where a substantial proportion of the population earned more from rising property values than they could possible save from wages from work , and that this is taxed at 0 % while work is taxed at up to 60 % . 
  it also helped fuel an unhealthy property boom . 
  and of course mostly favour older generations at the expense of younger generations getting into the property market . 
  what a shit show . 
  a clear example that the middle class is no better than `` the rich '' they rail against . 
   tax on consumption is being circumvented by increased cross border trade , internet shopping , and an increased in the black economy in general . 
  it 's also seen as unfair as it 's comparable to a flat tax rate ; poor people pay the same vat as rich people . 
  then you need differentiated vat , where basic items ( food , etc. ), 
  are exempted -- but then it quickly becomes very difficult to manage . 
  funny thing , cross border trade should put a natural limit on vat , so that is a good thing . 
  it is usually the additional consumption taxes that make the black market attractive due to how vat works . 
  besides , the part of vat that could be circumvented through cross-border trade is rather small , as each part of the production process is taxed . 
  about the argument of vat as flat tax , i see that as a feature , not a bug , but another discussion for another day . 
  a basic income massively dampens the effects on poor people . 
  in germany we already have differentiated vat for basic goods , a regular rate and exemptions for some very special cases like medical supplies . 
  actually , if you think about it some more , vat is not * that * different from regular corporate tax with respect to how they affect poorer customers , as both forms of tax can only tax the difference of revenue and expenses . 
  edit : vat taxes the difference between revenue and non-wage expenses , corporate income tax taxes the difference between revenue and all expenses , including vat . 
  which reminds me of all the times when people ca n't explain where the fundamental difference is between them choosing the cheapest provider for some service or good and a company choosing the cheapest provider for some service or good . 
  yet somehow the former is being thrifty , the latter is being greedy . 
   denmark has for many years tried to shift the tax from workers towards consumption and unmovable assets ( property ) because of the negative aspects associated with high personal tax . 
  with only mixed success so far . 
  can you provide more context ? 
  theoretically speaking , raising revenue from land value tax and value added tax ( and pigovian taxes to capture externalities ) should be the best system as it is virtually impossible to circumvent . 
  could you provide some context ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'd love to see more countries adopt estonia 's model of corporate taxation . 
  something you 'd not have if that was regulated on a higher level . 
  by the exact same line of argument you 'd have to force anyone with a university degree to relinquish their freedom of movement or pay for their cost of education when they move out of the jurisdiction of the government body that paid for their education . 
   you also get old people dying in the streets because their stupid decisions earlier in life . 
  personally , i am an advocate of a basic income , so no people dying in the streets . 
  regardless , we help people who get addicted , which falls square into `` stupid decisions earlier in life '' , so what would bar us from helping in old age ? 
   you can force people to save , but is that really that different from taxes and state pension ? 
  it is . 
  state pension is bound to a strict set of rules under a one-size-fits-all approach . 
  a private approach leaves choice over how the funds are invested and the amount that is saved , two things i have no control over with state pensions . 
  further , private pensions put another layer between politician 's hands trying to spend and people 's savings . 
  yes , keep the government 's hand where it belongs : away from my money . 
  a private , capital based pension system beautifully avoids many problems at once : * payouts are decoupled from wages as they participate in capital markets . 
  ( i recognise that theoretically speaking this might be a disadvantage in a democracy , as pensioners are incentivized to vote in favour of labour with the current system , though i highly doubt the relevancy . ), 
  * demographic change within any single country is irrelevant as the pensions system is free to invest in foreign countries as well . 
  ( only global demographic change is relevant , then again , in that case either system blows up . ), 
  * falling government revenue due to a recession does n't have a direct effect on pensions , and what 's more , they can dampen the effect as pensions keep purchasing power alive . 
  * it is up to the pensioner and their insurance provider ( if any ) to decide on the exact age of retirement , taking into account all personal factors . 
  the debate around the exact age of retirement then becomes much less relevant . 
  while we are at it , privatize health insurance and unemployment insurance too . 
  why did the actual retirement age fall ? 
  depending on the reasons , increasing the legal pension age could be perfectly useless . 
   `` there will never be total reconciliation between american views , where freedom of speech matters most , and european views , where privacy matters most . '' how the hell has one to do with the other ? 
  one is about not being punished for publishing a string of characters and the other is about a string of characters not being published against one 's own will . 
  i even posit that one and the other go hand in hand . 
  in this case it is pretty clear that some regulation will have to be made . 
  in the case of phone calls the german law prohibits companies from revealing call data unless ordered by a judge . 
  it would stand to reason that if a regulation is introduced forcing online services to respect their users privacy , state access to this data needs to be regulated as well . 
  in other words , this just outlines the exact circumstances when law enforcement can access your communications . 
  interesting , at least one area where those guys managed to catch up with the west . 
  it would be awesome if that leads to better german media by virtue of expanding the market and thus competition . 
  i hate the fact that if i want to get good entertainment us american or maybe british productions are the way to go . 
  time to [ join the eurozone ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romania_and_the_euro ) . 
  how is the accession process going for you ? 
  any significant progress ? 
  althoug that balance is neither stable over time nor given over countries . 
  for example swiss health care is regulated on a cantonal level , whereas in germany it is regulated on federal level . 
  education in germany is regulated on state level , whereas most countries regulate it on federal level . 
  and so on . 
  i do n't actually have a point . 
  i am just generally biased against transfering non-essential state functions upwards . 
  if they represent the incumbent governments , they work the exact same way the lower chamber works in germany , as members of the * bundesrat * are bound to vote as the government says . 
  should we then have two separate votes in the eu , both for parliament representing the eu citizens as a whole and a second chamber representing the particular member states ? 
  seems a bit silly as the members of parliament are elected per country anyhow and therefore represent their home country anyway . 
  the subsidiarity principle is one of the weirder ones : everyone agrees that * obviously * a higher level should n't interfere with anything a lower level is able to deal with , but on any particular topic people seem to be unable to agree what the appropriate level is . 
  essential functions of the state ( foreign policy , police , default courts , border protection , military ) are most appropriately dealt with at the highest level . 
  but what about everything else ? 
  seeing as we have states on the scale of malta to france in the eu , no level seems obvious for any particular issue , except for matters of the single market , one of the founding pillars of the eu . 
  i 'm curious what he envisions in practice . 
  because it sounds like he wants to reduce many powers of the commission and strengthen the rights of the parliament . 
  but what second chamber does he envision ? 
  the council already represents the member states . 
  because drugs are bad , mkay ? 
  just legalise all of it . 
  would you rather that money goes to some drug lord in colombia ( or afghanistan for opium ) or taxes , contributions to social welfare systems , business people and normal workers ? 
  would you rather that people , who will take that stuff anyway , take whatever will be mixed together in some backalley with god knows what kind of residue or that they take the purest product chemists can come up with ? 
  i wo n't see a rational drug policy in my life . 
  canada should give romanians the same visa access as they do give the rest of the eu and the schengen zone should allow romania to accede .
