  and here i was hoping that we 'd get something more out of the article than the title . 
  was hoping that this will be the first step to some kind of visa-free travel agreement . 
  alas , no . 
  yep , germany is divided into the countries of europe . 
  i think [ nuts3 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nomenclature_of_territorial_units_for_statistics ) in germany is county level . 
  maybe other countries should do their divisions similarly ? 
  edit : country -  county . 
  please stop downvoting / u/thebb . 
  because the software usually is catastrophically bad . 
  i like reddit 's voting system though it is flawed . 
  do not dare to suggest something else than english in this subreddit . 
  english ist the masterlanguage and everyone , including computers , animals and aliens already speak it , so how could you dare to imply that it would be culturally neutral to learn an artificial language like esperanto ? 
  i mean it is artificial , not natural , just like gmo , which is man-made and thus evil . 
  the network would span thirteen time zones . 
  question for the electrical engineers : some of these networks are connected by hvdc connections , what is the further advantage of having them synchronised ? 
  i love big projects . 
  what are your favorite big projects ? 
  i hear your corruption agency is quite active . 
  rooting out corruption might make romania dominant in that region . 
  what about the other balkan states ? 
  what allies to those have ? 
  wikipedia has a nice [ section on the progress of negotiations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_serbia_to_the_european_union#negotiation_progress ) with serbia . 
  apparently screening is done for 7 of 34 chapters . 
  i feel guilty for complaining about any problem i have ... 
  the rest of the world is fucking poor !, 
  wanted to write this too . 
  this is one of the cases where change is more informative than the exact situation . 
  what ? 
  according to [ wolfram alpha ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=gdp+per+capita+greece+romania ) greece has quite a bit higher gdp per capita than romania . 
  where did you get your numbers from ? 
  essentially , looking at annual growth numbers for countries is the same mistake as looking at quarterly revenue for stock : short-sightedness . 
  of course , in the latter case it is the evil banks that do this and thus called greed . 
  shh , if you have your own currency , you can inflate all your debts away with no side effects whatsoever . 
  that is the implication . 
  hard to stomach , but i think it is no one 's business to tell anyone to go on . 
  i am amazed how tolerant the societies of netherlands and belgium seem to be . 
  and bulgaria . 
  denmark does not have the ability to remove the peg . 
  i think i 'll attend , if only for the `` what it can offer you '' part . 
  that really hurt to read . 
  how much that was destroyed contained information that is now lost forever ? 
  it 's just that highly connected economies like those of the eu can profit from having a common currency . 
  i know that the baltic and the scandinavian states trade very much with each other . 
  i wonder if , with all the baltic states joining , poland and sweden will join in the near future . 
  you mean like the [ universal declaration of human rights ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_declaration_of_human_rights ) ? 
  after thinking about the measure a little bit more i have some tidbits : 1 . 
  as stated , we in europe have difficulties to turn knowledge into products . 
  why is that ? 
  the assumption is a lack of connections between industry and universities . 
  i know from personal experience that quite some people at my faculty try to do a start-up but all of them have failed . 
  i blame this partially on a culture of focussing on ` fundamental ' research , which quite often is a nice way of saying that it is not immediately useful * and a good thing at the same time * . 
  another barrier to turning knowledge into products is a conservative culture of investment : many investors are reluctant to pour money into risky ventures . 
  this is not unique to europe as investment trusts usually do not fund start-ups , individuals do . 
  as we have very low gini coefficients in europe , we have fewer individuals willing to take huge financial risks , limiting company growth . 
  despite the eu there still are quite some limiting factors in the common market , most notably language . 
  this is n't a problem with most products but for intellectual property it is quite a problem . 
  that copyright law is highly heterogenous in the eea is n't helping . 
  then again , if i want to market a product in the eea , i have to devise an advertising campaign spanning about thirty languages and cultures . 
  reality is messy and complicated . 
  the eu 's approach to even out funds might be a catalyst to innovation : spreading out people will help to partially isolate their ideas and thus increase variance in approaches to similar problems . 
  whether this is better than concentrating a high number of smart people in one place is a question about the details of innovation . 
  a dane teaching a german about crimes against humanity ? 
  really ? 
  guess so . 
  * land * is neuter . 
  we dub everything . 
  when i watch movies or series with new people they alway request the dubbed version . 
  then again , quite some educated people i know are incapable of understanding and conversing in english . 
  no time for jokes , only w\u00f6rk . 
   we suck and languages it 's embarrassing . 
  i could make myself understood without resorting to english in half of europe ? 
  interesting . 
   ` cyprus problem ' settlement talks will finally resume the coming tuesday . 
  after almost a year , during which `` single sovereignty '' was not accepted by the t/c side , finally the two sides agreed to a joint declaration , which can be found here if not single sovereignty , what then ? 
  now this is going to be really interesting . 
  because the european treaties are overlapping in complicated ways people do n't get that switzerland is * not * in the eea but only in the efta . 
  the eu is in the process of correcting this . 
  we already have essentially the same passport . 
  last year the eu passed a directive that any country that discriminates between eu members with respect to travel can have their visa agreements suspended . 
  this is with the intention to force equal treatment of all eu members . 
  the passport design is standardised , the flair you speak of is then the coat of arms and the language besides english that appears on the passport . 
  even if we 'd start such a programme , the result would be that france and germany agree to it , with uk negotiating an opt-out and the rest of the countries being kinda in between . 
  i do n't see much sense in this at this point in time . 
  my prediction is they will stay though i am for them leaving . 
  if there is any simple method i could bet money on them staying i am willing to bet 20 $ that they will stay . 
  ( consider that i am a student and my budget is limited ), 
  i find it honestly weird that switzerland is not part of the eea , but has this weird special relashionship . 
  as members of the eea negotiations would be somewhat more easy together with norway . 
  i can understand hesitance to join the eu as a full member , but then again , efta membership essentially forces all of eu law with no voting rights . 
  european spring ? 
  interesting thought . 
  if this is actually true we have to think about what makes the german situation different from the rest of the eurozone . 
  what is the content of those resolutions ? 
   and although it was done by pressure from greece and lately bulgaria . 
  i must say they were right to do so , macedonia gone steps backward in the last years . 
  maybe actually following through with the promises , that is if certain criteria are fulfilled , negotiations will start , could have prevented that . 
  if you deny the reward for any progress , do n't expect the progress to stick . 
  does this mean negotiations can start with fyrom as they did with serbia despite greece 's bickering over the name ? 
  the german spiegel article i originally read quoted that the countries of the eu import fossil stuff ( oil , gas ) worth ** 400 billion euro ** yearly . 
  this equals about 800 $ per citizen and year .
