  plenty of family businesses build wealth over generations the founders would never see . 
  especially regarding the shade of the trees : why should a company pay for it and not the people living around the tree ? 
  they profit , not the company . 
   if a company needs a programmer and everyone is an analpabet . 
  a company ca n't hire something that does n't exist . 
  no , but they can pay for programmers to be educated . 
  you know , just like the trades system in germany where companies * directly * pay for workers to be educated within their company . 
   for you what would be a better accounting of expenses ? 
  you use the road , you pay for the road . 
  you use water , you pay for the water . 
  you use the court system , you pay for the court system . 
  you use a lot of land , you pay for the land . 
  you need educated workers , you pay for their salary . 
  you do n't use the road , you do n't pay for it . 
  you do n't use water , you do n't pay for it . 
  you do n't use the court system , you do n't pay for it to resolve your disputes . 
  you do n't use a lot of land , you do n't pay for it . 
  you do n't need educated workers , you do n't pay for them . 
   you missed the part where the company has to create the infrastructure to provide healthcare and the part that viruses are a problem in countries without health insurance . 
  you look the situation isolated with predetermined factors . 
  that might work in theory and with a small sample but not in practice . 
  strangely enough i can get my car repaired without paying to create the infrastructure necessary , as the costs are already baked in my bills . 
  infrastructure necessary to treat people is built in response to the need of people to be treated , just as any other service . 
  i 'll grant that infectious diseases have a public goods component . 
  but that does n't necessitate health insurance being paid for by companies . 
   the company benefits from having the worker exist . 
  otherwise we would still be in the age that everyone was a farmer . 
  the company helps for the supply to exist and is paying to have working staff that are not analpabets available . 
  by the same argument a company should be forced to pay for goods available but not consumed . 
  no one would be willing to pay for a service or product offered but not consumed . 
   the money that a company earns are the benefit that is left after the expenses . 
  it does n't have to do if the expenses are grains , taxes or penguins . 
  i am arguing for a better accounting of expenses and you do n't even get the most basic rule of tax accounting , that corporate taxes are paid on earnings after expenses . 
   having workers with no health insurance does n't come free for the company . 
  if a company sees value in having their workers healthy , they can either directly pay for health insurance or pay for a sufficiently high salary for their workers . 
  then create the public infrastructure with sufficient quality and low cost for the worker to have access . 
  no health insurance is also the reason in having many lost work hours when infectious diseases spread in the workplace in the countries without health insurance . 
  which is basically what i said ? 
  note that health insurance , where it is not already seen as a government expense , is paid in proportion to the workers income , so ultimately it is a form of personal income tax . 
  a flat tax at that . 
  you mention an interesting aspect : tax and regulatory competition . 
  insofar as taxes are justified , there should be competition to keep them in check and stop leftists from raising them too much . 
  one interesting proposal is to allow this kind of tax competition within a country , e.g. 
  by allowing cities to set their own vat rate on top of the state 's vat . 
  thank you . 
  it 's crazy how people do n't accept the most basic arguments and simplest principles like separation of concerns . 
    capital is the most mobile of all production factors , so taxing it is the least viable option . 
    ah yes , it 's hard to do so let 's not do it . 
  principle of oppurtunity : do the easiest thing first , that is tax land value . 
  then income and only then capital . 
  however , my argument is that a corporate tax unnecessarily taxes reinvested profits over distributed profits . 
  a dividend tax - which ultimately is a personal income tax - is a much more viable option . 
    why pay tax additionally ? 
  why should a company that makes a lot of profit without using much infrastructure pay the same as another company that burns through infrastructure like there 's no tomorrow ? 
    because infrastructure is fraction of what government provides on top of political and social stability , educating people for 12 years , making sure the law is respected and everything else that government does and it 's not included in salary taxation ( like health insurance ) . 
  again , the person getting the education profits from having it , not the company , therefore the person having it should pay for the education , maybe via personal income tax . 
  why should a company using few unecated workers pay the same as the company using a lot of educated workers ? 
  health insurance benefits the workers and not the company . 
  if a company sees value in having their workers healthy , they can either directly pay for health insurance or pay for a sufficiently high salary for their workers . 
  health insurace is a purely private good , just like casualty insurance for a home or a car . 
  there is a point in seeing inner security , outer security and the judicial system as public goods , impossible to capture by usage fees , but for the first two there usually is lvt and the latter could pay for itself with court fees . 
    the education argument is the most stupid one , as there is already income tax to pay for the education . 
    what ? 
  you understood me perfectly well . 
  if i go to school for five years and then make a great income , it is i who should pay for that education , not the company i work for . 
    that is an assertion without evidence . 
  if i set an income tax with extremely high deductible , it benefits the poor at the expense of the rich . 
    if you set high deductible then it 's not flat tax ... 
  if you set any deductible then it means some people have smaller effective tax rate os it 's not flat anymore , lol . 
  wordplay . 
  you want a progressive tax rate , here is a possibility to implement that and keep the spirit of a flat income tax . 
  reject it or not . 
    class warfare lingo aside , a flat tax is only fair . 
  x % of your income , that 's it , that 's what you pay for living in this country . 
    flattening the tax rates is what keeps wealth inequalities growing . 
  and that has many negative consequences , one of them being the system collapse at point where people become so poor they ca n't buy goods anymore . 
  a fair tax rate is one that serves well the people . 
  assertion without evidence . 
  do progressive tax rate keep the rich from getting richer ? 
  would a flat rate make the problem worse , assuming it exists in the first place ? 
   why no corporate tax ? 
  capital is the most mobile of all production factors , so taxing it is the least viable option . 
   should n't corporations pay some back for the infrastructure they use in the country they operate in ? 
  ( roads , educated employees , etc. ), 
  yes they should , that 's why they should pay for the space they occupy , the water and electricity they consume , the workers they employ and the roads they use . 
  we call these wages and fees respectively . 
  why pay tax additionally ? 
  why should a company that makes a lot of profit without using much infrastructure pay the same as another company that burns through infrastructure like there 's no tomorrow ? 
  the education argument is the most stupid one , as there is already income tax to pay for the education . 
  why pay twice for the same service , that is education ? 
  should companies also pay less if they employ more foreign workers as those do n't or did n't use our education system ? 
   i also do n't understand why we should have no income tax at all either similar argument to corporate tax . 
  vat manages to tax only consumption and not pure income , therefore it encourages investments and savings . 
   and especially what is so good about a flat taxrate that only benefits the rich at the expense of the poor . 
  that is an assertion without evidence . 
  if i set an income tax with extremely high deductible , it benefits the poor at the expense of the rich . 
  class warfare lingo aside , a flat tax is only fair . 
  x % of your income , that 's it , that 's what you pay for living in this country . 
  ** every ** country should adopt a flat income tax like [ many countries in eastern europe have or are considering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flat_tax#eastern_europe ) . 
  ideally we 'd have no income and corporate tax and only land value tax and vat , but oh well .
