solve the damn euro crisis already and people will want to join the eu again . 
  i have yet to see a coherent argument against joining the eu that does not equally apply against any form of state as is . 
  let them come to germany then for all i care . 
  i hear your health system is highly privatised . 
  can you tell me about that ? 
  why are people so focused on their gdp , either in absolute terms or per capita ? 
  take a look at the resource wealth . 
  take a look at all the available farm land , both current and projected . 
  this is a long-term project . 
  also , see it as an opportunity for a future with better diplomatic relations between the two blocs : an area of free trade and movement from lisbon to wladiwostok . 
  call me when they actually do something . 
  as is , there are no regular schemes in place and only talk . 
  under which conditions can a german lose his citizenship ? 
  i thought german citizens are extradited to us and such ? 
  there 's a word for everything . 
  you know what they say about the german language . 
  montenegro might just join this decade . 
  the imperial system needs to die , full stop . 
  what books did you order ? 
  i might be interested too . 
  somewhat strangely , no one really seems to know about it . 
  and the offers are so extensive that i plain and simply do not know what to order . 
  try and order it . 
  so the european countries are crapped out by russia while it gets a handjob from kazakhstan ? 
  well you can freely move to the uk already but not vice versa . 
  you 're asian !, 
  ( read out loud ), 
  russia is european ... 
  if the latter take precedence , there is no violation of the former . 
  the spanish constitutional court is irrelevant to whether sovereign states will recognise an independent , sovereign catalonia . 
  an argument that the right to self determination is a higher good than constitutional clauses stating otherwise however is . 
  it gives a precedent of constitutional clauses being seen as invalid by respected practitioners of international law . 
  the canadian supreme court ruled in case of secession of quebec that international law , that is the right of a people to self determination , overrules the constitution , which does not provide a way for a province to secede . 
  just for the readers of this conversation , who are still confused : ec is a debit card system where you authorise the bank to transfer the amount to a creditor , like the store . 
  similar systems are maestro and v-pay . 
  this is done through a pin . 
  * lastschrift * is a direct debit system where you authorise a liability to the creditor who settles this with your bank . 
  this is done through a signature . 
  personally i massively prefer the former system for one-time purchases . 
  recurring charges i prefer to do through direct debit . 
   i even carried 10k $ for buying a car , because ... just cash is the real deal . 
  and because you got a nice rebate , hm ? 
  most stores do n't even accept credit cards . 
  but virtually all offer ec ( which is actually two systems , the customer can see the difference in entering a pin or giving a signature . ), 
  i 'd be willing to pay everything via electronic cash if we had a strong banking secrecy law , but as it is i mix my purchases up with friends and cash . 
  people are fucking idiots . 
  at 100k subscribers regression to the intellectual mean sets in and the submissions get dumber and dumber . 
  sadly i belong to that crowd . 
  what can i watch that is from germany and worth a watch ? 
  i heard people assume i am the ambassador of germany to reddit . 
  that belief is somewhat mistaken . 
  i would n't . 
  establish guidelines for what constitutes reasonable defense capabilities . 
  if someone manages to reach them cheaper all the better . 
  make a credible pledge to not help an ally not meeting the guidelines . 
  have all the members pay in a common fund paying out in case of war for reconstruction and supporting militaries . 
  make a credible pledge to not help an ally not meeting the membership fee . 
  i understand that the 2 % criterion is easy to measure and understand , but it is only a proxy for what we actually want to reach , namely certain levels of self-defence capabilities . 
  if the usa do n't want to pay for other nations protection , they should n't . 
  but they do . 
  you 'd rather we slack off ? 
  we 're not a mediterranean country you know . 
  maybe you 'd be more concerned if you had to actually pay for your own debt . 
  i do n't understand the 2 % ( not 3 % ) requirement , especially for germany . 
  quality and capabilities of a military are not synonymous to spending levels . 
  further , the * bundeswehr * is a defensive organisation or at least it is intended to be one . 
  servicing our federal debt takes up almost 10 % of our federal budget already . 
  if we could pay down that debt a reduction of taxes by 10 % would be really nice . 
  it is difficult to reconcile the idea of a single market in labour , goods , services and capital with a fragmented market in intellectual property . 
  just as i am baffled by the fact that i most certainly will have different selection of movies and series on german and british netflix , i am baffled that i personally would have to figure out copyright law in 28 + 3 states ( eu + eea ) if i were to write a story and wanted to sell it . 
  * it 's a trend . 
  maybe it will become something permanent , interesting , maybe it will pass over . 
  i like it . 
  * i think not . 
  it is not a rule of / r/europe but a style one user started and we are now exploring . 
  * i think i do n't fully understand : do you think it is bad that some people write in two languages or that it is bad that the second language is english ? 
  * just learn a language without accents . 
  * yes . 
  * in germany we have a load of medieval castles . 
  some stand empty , some were converted into bistros and restaurants , some are museums . 
  and of course some are run on donation basis . 
  i see nothing wrong with accepting money for something like that and pointing visitor 's attention to the donation as a thank you . 
  * some frenchman here started to answer in french first and then in english to stress that europe is multilingual . 
  some other users started to copy that then . 
  * i 'd love to see a rise of city-states in europe . 
  egal was . 
  * i could potentially get behind this proposal if he could name a couple of potential projects to finance . 
  i am thinking of large scale high-speed rail . 
  digging a tunnel between germany and the czech republic . 
  anything . 
  but usually it is a problem of regulation if infrastructure is not built , see for example internet speed and price in romania vs. 
  germany . 
  how 's that going by the way ? 
  when can i , without estonian citienship and estonian residence , order an id card ? 
  * power corrupts . 
  complete power corrupts completely . 
  it is a mistake to believe that politicians anywhere are less bad than the populace allows . 
  * i belong to the generation that only learned the new spellings . 
  i see no advantage of one way of writing over the other , the problem is the same as with `` your '' / `` you 're '' in english : they are homophones . 
  * i did n't expect the referendum to be in two weeks already .
