  i feel not , sadly . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  if you owe in your own currency , you can just inflate with no consequences whatsoever . 
  i took english in school as an intensive course which left me with a great understanding of written english . 
  then i started watching american shows with original soundtrack and now i am practically fluent in english . 
  oh and this will be my rule for any language i want to learn : if the material i want to read is created originally in another language , i will consume it in that language . 
  obligatory : www.prism-break.org also , visit / r/privacy , they care about this sort of stuff . 
  if there was actual demand for privacy preserving services i would be willing to service that need , but an informal survey in my social circle yielded negative results . 
  good . 
  maybe this will lead to changes . 
  please elaborate . 
  i forget that it is useless to discuss this on an english language forum . 
   we need a lingua franca . 
  since english is the most obvious choice for it , we should just make it official . 
  make it an artificial language and i am on board . 
  english gives the uk disproportionate advantages . 
  ( see grin report ) edit : downvotes for a post that contributes to the discussion . 
  ah , spotify , how could i forget . 
  a huge problem is the linguistic barrier . 
  with english you immediately have access to almost half a billion people , whereas there is no european language facilitating communication with all of the people on this side of the pond . 
  do n't think that english is the lingua franca . 
  i know plenty of people , old and young , incapable of understanding english or communicating in it . 
  now that i have the top comment i will hijack it and ask how it came to be that the internet is dominated by american services ? 
  of the top of my head i am not sure i use any european services . 
  it is a british yes , not an american yes . 
  yes, 
  hm , has anyone done some kind of research into whether a `` gini coefficient of population '' with respect to the administrative units plays any role in the success of states ? 
  what if i am a racist born-again christian ? 
  in other news , i am looking for other countries to emigrate to , not necessarily european . 
  suggestions ? 
  she says that at 0:30 , at 0:33 a guy yells `` shut your mouth ! '', 
  and with an ever growing eu that number shifts ever more away from the ` big two ' . 
  also , we could split off bavaria from germany , creating a new 12m state in the eu and evening the political field even more . 
  this thought experiment gets ever more funny the more separatis movements you take into account . 
  no , but my brain is skipping one step of the edit . 
  many countries of old achieved on a smaller scale what many want to achieve on larger scale in the eu : germany is a federation of a couple of former countries , belgium is a federation too , uk is a country of countries , italy is the unification of italian states , spain is the result of a conquest of a couple of countries , ... also , historically there was the hre and the kalmar union . 
  these political unions were against other european powers . 
  now with the eu there is no particular reason to keep those alive , as they are sensibly united in the framework of the eu . 
  if catalans think they are better off without the rest of current spain , let them be in a eu . 
  if scots think they are better off without the rest of uk , let them be in a eu . 
  and so on . 
  the reductio of your argument ` stronger with less countries ' is that the eu would be strongest with a completely central government . 
  that is absurd . 
  reddit hug of death ? 
  i do n't even understand , how the hell could a patient group advocate withholding clinical trial data ? 
  they did n't include the germany is not funny thing . 
  thought this would be of interest to this forum . 
  based in europe and learning mainly european languages . 
  on a more serious note , i noted that when reading norwegian i could catch a word or two and guess the meaning . 
  i guess that goes with it being a germanic language . 
  can you point me to some kind of easy norwegian text with attached vocabulary ? 
  that is how i ultimately learned english . 
  so i just listen to this a couple of time and then i can speak norwegian ? 
  cool . 
  can i then understand danes and swedes , too ? 
  two articles against monarchy in one day . 
  anyway , i would find seperating belgium into wallonia , flanders and some kind of entity for brussels pretty interesting . 
  too bad there is no usable alternative to facebook and similar . 
  several protocols , most notably buddycloud have the potential to offer a decentralized service , but alas just the potential . 
  this could be surprisingly helpful for people trying to show the size of europe for a us american . 
  can someone do the reverse ? 
  i have no sense of scale for north america or for any other continent for that matter . 
  well , at least they are reducing the military presence in germany . 
  though it is surprisingly difficult to find current numbers . 
  and what 's more , no censorship . 
  other than in certain countries ... 
  self-driving cars have the potential to improve virtually any aspect of driving and can not be underestimated in their potential . 
  [ dude has his own subreddit ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/r/cgpgrey ), 
  i am thinking about renting a domain and setting up an email account there . 
  i have n't gotten to the stage of email migration yet , sadly . 
  though i will point you to / r/privacy and [ prism-break . org ] ( https://www.prism-break.org ) . 
  keep in mind , not using gmail is only one part of the equation . 
  ask your contacts to use pgp too to encrypt the contents of your mail . 
  it is not as weird as it may sound . 
  delete your current reddit acound and make a new one that you only access via tor . 
  so there is no plausible connection between the reddit account and you actual identity . 
  so , explain to this drunk dude on the internet what you think . 
  what do you mean by `` reddit is the litmus test '' and what do you think should be done ? 
  to be honest , i am thinking about cutting out reddit too . 
  oh no , people are hypocrites . 
  there is a difference between all my personal mail and random bits about my personality . 
  i am doing my part by cutting out american services . 
  this feels like a lifestyle change akin to vegetarianism . 
  edit : people who downvote , please voice your opinion why you downvote . 
  i sincerely care about your point of view . 
  the defense ministry ? 
  talk about security risk . 
  just so i get this right : they want to display their loyalty to the crown by rioting in the part of ireland that is controlled by it ? 
  i was n't paying attention . 
  who are these people ` loyal ' to , britain or republic of ireland ? 
   we need a certain degree of surveillance . 
  it 's like a modern day leviathan ; a social contract in which we give up some of our inherent liberties in exchange for a higher degree of security . 
  how does the saying go ... oh yeah  he who sacrifices fundamental liberty for a little bit of security ends up losing both and deserves neither . 
  context : solar is responsible for over 5 % of our electricity supply already . 
  if solar setups are profitable by themselves at supposed chinese dumping prices , i say let 's enjoy this free subsidy from the people 's republic . 
  anyhow , if the government wants to have 80 % renewables by 2060 i am wondering how energy production looks by then . 
  i know the fta is controversial but i think it is a good thing . 
  the age of protectionism should be over . 
  you are implying that this is all he has to offer . 
   who could guarantee my safety ?
