  benelux , germany and austria . 
  seeing as we are talking about the five germanic * central european states , all members of the eurozone and all eu treaties , it would be much more appropriate to talk about * federalization * in the heart of europe . 
  not about `` mini-schengen '' or some other weakening of pan-european cooperation . 
  * : i know that belgium is half french . 
  you would n't even need to have the border control officers to be union employees . 
  it is sufficient that the costs of border control are paid for by all members proportionally . 
  maybe it is just me , but if i have the choice of pan-schengen cooperation on border security or closing the borders of each nation , i 'd choose the former . 
  it was a retarded idea to begin with to just let the border nations effectively fund border security for all other nations . 
  countries like austria have factually no border policing costs ( at least until recently ) while the costs for a country like greece are massive . 
  look at that , we already have frontex . 
  could we maybe fund national border control and training via frontex ? 
  this feels a bit similar to the discussion we had the other day about the makeup of the governing structures of the union versus a clasical federal state like germany . 
  in germany we have essentially ** twentyone ** independently operating intelligenc services . 
  that is five federal ones ( three civilian , one for foreign activity and one military ) and sixteen for the * l\u00e4nder * . 
  yes , it is a bit of a mess and i learned that about five minuts ago . 
  the eu has the seed of an intelligence unit , intcen . 
  of course we could give intcen access to the national intelligence units and get rid of all foreign facing units , but all that requires a comon foreign policy and that will just not happen . 
  so the whole thing again digs up the debate about the future of the union . 
  and we again realise that we either ave to transform it into a proer federation or scale it back . 
  maybe starting the integration proces over within the union might work : a set of countries willing to federalise stars and then one by one the federation grows , ideally to encompass all former members of the european union . 
  i wonder what the consequences will be on intelligence sharing and police cooperation . 
  also , hollande called this an attack , similar to the united states on 9/11 . 
  will he too invoke article 5 ? 
  basicaly i wonder what the consequences will be on eu scale . 
  however the bundeswehr is being restructured into an active force instead of being a defensive one . 
   everything is so clean , symmetrical , efficient and how things actually work as expected is ... is this how we come off to the rest of europe ? 
  we bitch and moan about the dirt , asymmetries , inefficiencies and infunctionalities on almost a daily basis . 
  also personally i find everything built between ww2 and the 21st century to be so hideous that i want to cry when i think about what was lost . 
  do we have projections on when , if at all , the eastern states will catch up ? 
  how the hell do austrians favour bosnia in the eu over montenegro ? 
  ( even if overall they do not want to accept more members . ), 
  and to be honest , we are n't that great either : see the export of subsidised food to the rest of the world . 
  we need serious reform of food security policy too . 
  not using subsidised products is a many edged sword : if a foreign government pays part of the real cost it of course saves us money . 
  but not having own capability to produce certain goods is strategically unfortunate . 
  and even worse , in some cases we ca n't properly judge if a product is subsidised or not . 
  i am honestly impressed by the baltic countries . 
  the swiss seem to manage just fine without a single federal language , as do the belgians . 
  in varietate concordia . 
  i heard about it . 
  i take objection to any motion that gives preference to the english language version of any union service . 
  maybe i should have used '' / s '' because especially in this subreddit the suggestion that maybe we should not make english the ( sole ) official language of the union does n't fly well . 
  because fuck linguistic diversity . 
  translations are already made by the translation service so viewers should be able to just tune into the relevant stream or just original voice . 
    currently the council is twice removed from the national electorates ( voters -  parliament -  government -  council )   not really the case anymore since the eu parliament putsched , it goes voter -  eu parliament -  commission president . 
  i am talking about the council and not the commission . 
  this is somewhat inexact by wikipedia : the members of the bundesrat have to be members of the executive body * at the same time * , meaning they are * the exact same persons * and not appointed . 
  as such they are more accountable . 
  so it goes voters -  state parliament -  state government = ( part of ) * bundesrat * . 
  assuming that you want an institution to represent the various countries , modify the council so that they are closer to the german * bundesrat * or the swiss * st\u00e4nderat * . 
  another possibility is to transfer powers similar to the powers the council members have to the meps of the respective countries , seeing as they are already elected as representatives of their countries population . 
  so if for example a motion needs unamity in the council , under this modification it would need the majority of all meps of each country . 
  all in all there are many possible venues to explore like a formal head of the union ( we currently do n't have one ) or direct democracy , but all of them would make the union more similar to a state instead of a union of states and the anti-federalists are of course against that , even though at he same time they are against the union for lack of democratic participation . 
  see , there are a bunch of critiques of the eu i just plain do n't get since they apply the exact same to many of the member states . 
  like `` the commission is not directly elected ! '', 
  the * bundesregierung * in germany is n't either . 
  `` only the party with the most votes decides who is commission president ! '', 
  again , just like in germany . 
  `` only some unelected bureaucrat makes legislation and decisions ! '', 
  ok , in germany parliaments have legislative initiative rights , but beyond that it is again the same ... 
  i ca n't really agree with this argument . 
  the council represents the national * executive * bodies , however the national * legislative * bodies are not represented , as would similarly be the case in federal states like germany or switzerland . 
  currently the council is twice removed from the national electorates ( voters -  parliament -  government -  council ) as opposed to the case where council would be directly elected ( similar to switzerland ) or elected by the national parliaments ( similar to germany ) . 
  this is of course assuming that we see the council as a * legislative * body , which it works as , and not a * executive * body , which the commission is and should be . 
  however , maybe some bias from living in a federal country is working against my judgement . 
  i do n't really think that this will have the desired effect of motivating people to vote . 
  more elements of direct democracy like popular initiative and popular referendum will do that , as will giving the parliament initiative rights . 
  maybe get rid of the council , i honestly see little need for it to exist at all . 
  how is that different from what [ we in germany ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3seb67/what_are_some_general_life_things_you_read_on/cwwk7q0 ) are doing ? 
  it seems like people think it is completely nuts and unique , but apparently you guys do it too ? 
   other people who regularly risk their lives and work hard to keep people safe and healthy many tradesmen , miners , farmers , builders , volunteers in catastrophic relief organisations , to some extent chemists , sailors and fishermen , ... the list is quite long actually . 
  honestly , the only thing i am curious about is why something like this has not happened sooner . 
  it would only take one skilled tax advisor and a couple of local companies to do so , as this town shows . 
  moving out of your parents home as soon as possible or generally moving extremely far away for higher education is not really a thing here in germany . 
  trade schools are plenty and we have a lot of extremely good universities so that a lot of students go home every weekend in their first year or at least monthly in later years . 
  i 'll stop now , but there are plenty and plenty of differences once one starts to think about it . 
  food franchises/chains . 
  in us america apparently there are billions of franchises while in germany we seem to have a lot of independent restaurants . 
  thanking members of the military for their service or generally encounters with the military . 
  the * bundeswehr * is a small part of german society and sometimes you see a soldier walking around in uniform but that 's it . 
  maybe it will change now that the military is becoming exclusively a professional military and actively marketing itself as a employer . 
  a thing lacking in europe is the weird relationship with alcohol : we can freely buy beer at 16 and all other stuff at 18 . 
  but it is not unheard of to drink beer before that with your parents at dinner . 
  or to drink a glass of wine during the day for that matter . 
  in us american movies it seems like anyone drinking a glass of wine during the day or two at dinner is a so called `` high functioning alcoholic . '', 
  massive bullying in schools . 
  i guess it is due to , among other things , lack of segregation along abilites or goals . 
  in germany , with some exceptions introduced in the last decades , people are split in different schools from * gymnasium * for people who want to pursue higher education , * realschule * for people pursuing a higher trade and * hauptschule * for people pursuing a practical trade . 
  connected to this is that in germany , until recently , we did not have this sick desire for everyone to go to university , but this changed in the last decades for some reason . 
  driving a car alone before you are 18 is a major one . 
  people from europe usually have lots of stories from public transportation , while us americans do n't . 
  that chart goes to september , we 've had october in the meanwhile and beginning of november left . 
  i know , they are responsible for the favourable regime for referenda within bavaria . 
  however they never managed to push their position onto the cdu . 
  maybe if the csu would appear seperately on the ballot , that is if the cdu and csu broke up , they would be able to form a coalition such that they introduce federal referenda . 
  i 'll need to find that `` split up '' study again to get some exact numbers . 
  cdu alone would only get 27.5 % of the votes , making a blockage impossible as spd , linke , gr\u00fcne , csu and possibly afd and fdp can vote for it , overruling any objections . 
  personally i 'd love for the cdu/csu to have less than 1/3 of the seats in parliament next time because they are the only party blocking popular referenda in the federal constitution . 
  afd has been rising in polls . 
  however one study suggested that cdu/csu could regain most of the votes and even gain some if they split off as the csu is perceived as willing to curb migrant inflow .
