  so what is this elusive german culture ? 
  i ask this seriously : what is german culture ? 
  the only thing i notice is the absence of it , at most older people seem to have some kind of german culture . 
  not that i particularly dislike the american culture . 
  on the contrary , i welcome it 's additions , but what is this german culture ? 
  too bad . 
  at least they are in the efta . 
  so at least according to reddit sweden will go to shit in a couple of months ? 
  no roaming ? 
  meaning actually phoning with people in romania will be as cheap as skyping with them ? 
  some assholes sprayed `` kosovo is serbia '' on a bridge . 
  i honestly do not understand why in germany ? 
  in any case , there are quite some parallels between the catalan push for independence and kosovo . 
  transnistria is not moldova , scotland is not uk , uk is not europe ... 
  wait , what ? 
  also , keep in mind that smaller countries are more sensitive to small , external changes and thus are affected earlier than big economies like greece , france or germany . 
  people feel that they can not readily influence the direction the eu takes . 
  they elect the council very indirectly and the parliament directly . 
  the latter has no right to propose legislation as should be expected from a directly elected body . 
  also , there is no possibility for a referendum on important decisions . 
  all these things contribute to a perceived democratic deficit , that `` the ruling elite does what it wants . '', 
  and then the nafta states and russia build a tunnel between alaska and asia so you can travel the globe by train in one direction . 
  a european confederation as in free borders , free trade , free work , free residence and unified foreign policy ? 
  i welcome that very much . 
  any other competence of the constituting sovereign ( ! ), 
  states shall be delegated only by direct , democratic vote . 
  solving the perceived democracy deficit , either by education or reform . 
  there seems to be a massive push for regional languages again . 
  wonder if this has to do with increasing globalization and standardization of culture . 
  anyhow , i can understand how people want their native tongue to be preserved . 
  in germany for example i hear there are schools that start to teach low german . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2013/05/european-economy-guide?fsrc=scn/fb/wl/dc/takingeuropepulse -  `` growth '' not the data cited above but a colorful map nonetheless . 
  i hope you will keep us posted when national tv picks up coverage . 
  this may help to reduce a perceived democracy deficit and increase voter participation in the eu . 
  fair enough . 
  well , at least etymologically he is right : socialism on the scale of a nation . 
  oh no , please do n't reduce the german military , otherwise we might have badly needed money to pay for stuff we actually need , like , you know , pensions and stuff . 
  and now you are getting the downvotes . 
  there is a serious left bias around here . 
  is this ? 
  those laws will run out in 2014-01-01 . 
  why were they implemented in the first place ? 
  racism . 
  as you said , blame the foreigner , be marked as a racist . 
  remember how i said that social insurance is weird ? 
  that is one of it 's features : do n't work where you were raised , do n't pay for the people that raised you . 
  a capital based pension for instance is immune against such problems . 
  to be fair , sarcasm is hard to convey in text . 
  the old adage : open borders and the welfare state do n't mix . 
  seeing as we open borders in the eu and national welfare systems ... there needs to be a reform . 
  before it was just nationals taking from the rich . 
  now it 's the dirty foreigners stealing your benefits . 
  one could say that the average joe gets a taste of paying like one of the 10 % . 
  and most welfare systems are inherently broken either by byzantine rules of who gets what , a social insurance scheme where the young pay the old with an inverted social pyramid or plain corruption . 
  we schould have free travel , residence and work between the eu , usa , australia , new zealand and canada , allowing the participating countries much better access to the respective work forces . 
  no , growth ( in percent ) has to massively higher to reach pre-crisis levels . 
  remember , reducing a number by x % can not be reversed by increasing the result by x % . 
  ( 3 % less than 100 is 97 , but 3 % more than 97 is only 99.91 ), 
  i like these maps . 
  they have a very nice design . 
  i read [ this summary ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21013771 ) of the speech . 
  well , what can i say , i agree with cameron , reaping downvotes around here for that . 
  eu has too much power , either it has to get much more democratic or give up most of it 's power . 
   if the eu implements what david cameron outlined in his famous speech , then probably yes . 
  can you give a link ? 
  i might have missed that . 
   but i treat political association agreement and the free trade zone agreement as both mutually benefitial and as a counterweight to the russian attempts to rebuild its empire . 
  very well . 
  free trade is one of the more important things anyway . 
  sad to read the comments on the article . 
  i trust the politicians to work in their own interest , that is expanding their sphere of influence . 
  i think after we fix up the balkan states we will take you in too . 
  so austerity leads to gun ownership ? 
  are you talking about the association agreement ? 
  i know the country is divided on whether to join the eu or not . 
  the western part and political elites want to join , the east does not . 
  personally i would welcome ukraine with open arms , together with moldova . 
  of course not . 
  i do n't like how ukraine is in the russian sphere again . 
  what i find interesting in the discussion is that scotland may only gain from sovereignity seeing as any and all existing arrangements can provided for with treaties , e.g. 
  common military and defense . 
  but sovereign status gives scotland a much better position to argue from . 
  because very often secessionist movement come alive out of economic motivation and the people remaining in the country like to get the money from the taxes . 
  i do n't know about the uk and i do n't really know about the specifics of germany either but there are some pure bullshit points in our tax code like corporations having to pay vat when they buy something and then getting it refunded by the state . 
  pure loss of money in friction . 
  anyhow , it is trivial to see that paying taxes on outcome as opposed to income is pure madness , as there is a pretty fixed amount of outcome you ca n't realistically get below thus having you pay taxes regardless of your income . 
  if we then again consider the amount of subsidies the state pays in cases of need we see again that you pay taxes to get need , part of which you pay on taxes . 
  it 's madness !, 
  sarcastic , absolutely sarcastic . 
  vat is nothing less than a crime from a social justice point of view . 
  personally , i am against progressive taxes too * , but reducing vat or even better getting rid of it completely is a little dream of mine . 
  * i endorse an income tax where you pay a certain percentage of your income above a certain threshhold with no deductions whatsoever . 
  you mean like reducing vat and increasing income tax ? 
  absurd . 
  jesus fuck , is there anything i can buy without throwing money at them ? 
  what about moldova and luxembourg ? 
  i think it could be very profitable for all north african states to export electricity to europe , increasing integration of our economies . 
  of course we should be careful not to be dependent on foreign power supply . 
  too bad that these projects seem to fail . 
  too bad that they did n't look at dead or artificial languages .
