  usually with these kind of systems you have a backup of the key on the card in some hard-to-access form . 
  copyright is some bullshit but ultimately a minor problem . 
  flooding with cheaper but inferior products is a non-issue too . 
  if people do not want them , they are not forced to buy them . 
  if , on the other hand , they are actually buying them that frees up some money they can spend on other things . 
  no , you only get a medal if you make a great pun in / r/askreddit . 
  i tend to be a federalist . 
  i advocate either eu citizenship independently of national citizenship according to canadian nationality law or abolishment of sub-eu citizenship with similar requirement to before . 
  the former seems preferable as countries could experiment with immigration laws but the latter seems more feasible , though still unrealistic . 
  edit : our `` evil anti-eu '' party afd advocates citizenship similar to canada . 
  restricting the mobility of labour but not that of capital puts the former at a major disadvantage to the latter . 
  i have been quoted . 
  you do n't want your system abused ? 
  how about having a system that can not be abused ? 
  roma coming to you to seek asylum ? 
  * reject them * as they have no reason to seek asylum . 
  people coming there to get citizenship by * jus soli * ? 
  change your laws to only include resident 's children . 
  generous immigration laws ? 
  * some eu countries have lower requirements than you * . 
  and what does any of this have to do with visas ? 
  even with visa requirement i can give birth over there , seek asylum or try to immigrate , i just have to fill out some paper . 
  oh and comparing asean to the eu is quite misleading . 
  the latter is much more integrated than the former . 
  this is great then !, 
  too bad that we germans will quite certainly be one of the last to see this system implemented . 
  now if we had a functioning e-card similar to the estonian one , that means with the government unable to decrypt anything i encrypt with the card , that would be great . 
  i need critical opinions , and quickly because this seems only great . 
  the more astute observer will realise that i am crossing off minor states and leaving everyone 's favorite countries for last . 
  i find it honestly strange that citizens from different eu countries have different visa requirements while citizens from non-eu countries have virtually the same visa requirements for any eu country due to schengen . 
  for that matter , it is somewhat strange that countries can have different foreign policy while being in the eu but that is a topic for another day . 
  ah now i get it , thanks . 
   one way i see out of this is , even without having to battle right-wingers by allowing refugees access to the employment markets , is to give out the standard set of benefits in return to volunteering in civil defence . 
  so , if they get here they get to join something like the foreign legion ? 
  what a refreshingly different opinion . 
  never actually met someone who is pro-guns in europe , not to speak of this subreddit . 
  today later , i messed up my day 's schedule . 
  instead of putting resources into turkey 's accession bid the eu should work hard on the balkan states , ukraine and moldova . 
  cut off russian influence for good . 
  i said it numerous times and i will say it again . 
  we need some discussion about the several social systems coexisting in the eu . 
  how do other federations solve this problem ? 
  does welfare exist only on the federal scale , is there some remittance scheme between the different systems or is some system implemented that does not raise these questions in the first place ? 
  edit : another aspect to this discussion is that with proper implementation of the system labor mobility deals can be struck more easily with third nations , e.g. 
  oecd states . 
  interesting result . 
  were there similar votes in the past and if yes , what were the results ? 
  do we have any sammarinese people on this subreddit ? 
   edit : i now think the quorum is the number of yes votes needed !, 
  not overall votes . 
  could someone confirm this ? 
  if this is the case , then no yes result could now be binding on the government . 
  quorum is apparently of the yes votes . 
  `` proposta respinta - quorum non raggiunto '' , essentially `` proposal denied - quorum not reached '' . 
  though the slight majority wants to apply for eu membership , the proposal is denied . 
  what a strange thing in my eyes . 
  anyhow , i would like to know if the government can apply anyway . 
  nine votes are not even a rounding error in larger countries . 
  do you know when they will announce final results ? 
  preliminary result is positive but only by a slight margin . 
  interesting . 
  so , it 's 20 o'clock . 
  no results ? 
  and maybe they want the perks of those ` similar treaties ' with all eu members . 
  or they want to force a debate on membership of microstates , that is andorra , san marino , monaco . 
   turnout by 17:00 was 32.01 % so quorum is reached and the vote can not be dismissed on that ground ? 
  i have no doubt the deal will go through in one form or another . 
  what i wonder is , given that the fta will happen , will the eu , usa , canada and mexico write up an agreement similar to nafta , efta or eea regulations encompassing about a billion people and creating the largest single market ? 
   obviously the eu is n't going to sign an fta with china , russia , and russia 's sphere of influence , as well as many sub-saharan countries which have very small economies , and iraq/afghanistan/pakistan . 
  it 's not that obvious . 
  the eu could have , by sheer size , massive negotiating power with all sub-saharan countries . 
  though their economies are tiny a fta could help developing a local industry by opening up the eu market for export . 
  when their economies grow , the hypothetical fta will already be in place and we can both profit from the relationship . 
  china , russia and russia 's sphere is n't that obvious either , except for hostile relations with russia , as the economic size is not a hindrance for negotiations as seen with the usa . 
   dropping nearly all import taxes between the eu and canada only nearly all of them , not all ? 
  dealing with the damn governmenment to pay tariffs when i import something is extremely annoying . 
  was hoping for complete elimination . 
   labour mobility part huh , like in the eea or what ? 
  if i remember correctly , the eu has the most ftas signed in the world . 
  we should not undererstimate the economic power that comes with such a network . 
  presseurop + duolingo would be perfect . 
  volunteers translate all kinds of articles from all langauges thereby expanding the available corpus in any language . 
  they could n't manage to put the one cube on top to finish the triangle ? 
  more seriously , i never liked all these sodas , they are much too sweet for my taste . 
   or eu citizenship , which gives all voting rights if you 're a resident . 
  it does not , at least not per eu law . 
  you only get to vote in local elections . 
  both countries would profit from this deal as they diversify their export targets . 
  the eu strengthens their trade network . 
  should the eu-usa deal be concluded , ceta along with the mexican agreement could form the basis for an agreement encompassing all of nafta , eu and maybe even eea . 
  you may have confused the canadian prime minister with the president of the usa . 
  jesus , this stuff still happens ? 
  i 'd think that especially in germany where prostitution is legal and thus controlable stuff like that would n't happen . 
  does anyone have a link to the report ? 
   human trafficking alone generates profits of around $ 25 billion while the illegal trade in human organs and wild animals makes for a further estimated profit of between $ 18 and $ 26 billion annually . 
  are people from outside the eu shipped in the eu or what ? 
  and what are the countries of origin ? 
  this could shed some light on the motives . 
   meanwhile , cybercrime causes an estimated $ 290 billion of damage . 
  the report calls rampant corruption ' a serious threat ' with 20 million cases worth a total of $ 120 billion registered in the public sector alone .
