  except for the case of continued peace no state should have any business dictating other state 's internal affairs . 
  the swiss understand that , most of the rest of the world does not . 
  the world should be much more like the swiss and especially the eu should see the swiss as a constitutional role model , with direct democracy and multiple languages . 
  yes . 
  the economic and political ramifications both locally and globally would be unprecedented in history . 
  virtually unlimited supply of raw materials , absurdly large land area to expand into and access to two of three oceans . 
  millenia of conflict would be done away with by means of diplomacy . 
  you use the road , you pay for it . 
  does n't matter if foreigner or german resident . 
  of the surrounding countries switzerland , czechia , poland , austria and france do it , why ca n't we ? 
  slovakia , hungary and romania also ask for tolls , why ca n't we ? 
  i do n't get the uproar . 
  if i own a car and do n't use the motorways , why do i have to pay for them ? 
  you use it , you pay for it , just as with water , gas , heating , electricity , sewage , internet , mobile phone , waste disposal and so on . 
  i did n't blame the foreigners at no point , just stating the obvious : a motorway system paid for by taxes is messed up as a toll * directly * pays for the service used and costs generated . 
  binding toll payments to improvement of existing roads stops government from misusing surpluses for some other idiotic project and underfunding the roads . 
  a motorway toll would fix this and allow us to pay for motorway construction and repair . 
  but no , for some asinine reason people are against that . 
  you use the damn road , you pay for it , extremely easy principle . 
  i 'm not sure i understand . 
  is government control tyranny or is private ownership tyranny ? 
  can be read both ways . 
   i 'm all for privatizing waste disposal , but even a moderate-libertarian group like cato will point out that natural monopolies are a part of waste disposal ( even if they consider that it 's advantageous for waste disposal to be in the private sector ) . 
  government regulation , if not ownership , is one way that people try to deal with natural monopolies . 
  `` natural monopolies '' is a popular argument for government control but in most cases plain and simply not sufficient . 
  sometimes they even are generated by government policy . 
  sometimes they are by historic accident . 
  usually what people call `` natural monopoly '' is more akin to `` natural oligopoly '' as there virtually always are scaling effects . 
  anyhow , we agree on privatizing waste disposal , so there is no point squabbling over details . 
   that being said , i 'm also pretty confident that the people protesting are n't concerned about the potential presence of a natural monopoly so much as having to work in a competitive labor market , so ... 
  it 's just that the premise of a strike is that the workers in question are able to sustainably disrupt some function or another . 
  if you just replace the system altogether no more strike . 
  no retailer would dream of a `` sales strike '' because they ca n't ask for high enough prices , as there is plenty of competition that would gladly pick up the slack . 
  it seems to me that strikes can only reasonably occur in situation where there is a monopoly or monopsony , as those two situation are arguably not governed by market forces as we usually understand them . 
   because the public sector loves their privileges and would like to keep them . 
  there are quite a number of places where i am baffled that people argue that they need to be under government control , even though the private sector is perfectly capable of performing the exact same service , if not better . 
  waste disposal is one of them . 
  incidentally , slovakia also has the euro . 
  it did n't seem to hinder their growth very much , especially compared to czechia . 
  so , private companies are perfectly able to dispose of the city 's waste , but the government employees are striking ? 
  tell me again why we ca n't just privatise that whole sector . 
   if you read through the descriptions it explains why , and i was curious about that too but it sounds like they 've gotten rid of an awful lot of bureaucracy . 
  still not completely sure , have to look into macedonia specifically . 
  but if doing business is indeed as easy as the index seems to suggest , good on them . 
   germany is not exactly famous for little bureaucracy . . fuck our bureaucracy with a rusty rake . 
  actually , i am mad at the people that do not seem to be particularly interested in making it easier . 
   the biggest flaw of this index imo is it does n't also take into account tax burden . 
  it does , under * paying taxes * -  * total tax rate * . 
  even splits it up into profit , labour and other taxes . 
  macedonia easier than germany ? 
  what the hell . 
  it seems to me that we have some potential to extend the internal market to the west balkans - montenegro seems to be doing reasonable well and serbia is in negotiations - but beyond that we can only hope for the countries surrounding the mediterranean , the black sea and belarus to get their act together . 
  or we deepen the internal market by better integration on services , more common rules and a generally easier time entering other markets . 
  could you give a rough ranking of the bureucracy in the eu ? 
   unless i 'm misreading the map , dresden has a very good outlook as well . 
  i 'm actually glad to hear that , it 's a beautiful city . 
  it 's amazing how the whole city has been rebuilt after being destroyed almost completely in ww2 . 
  yes , dresden is another success story in the east , albeit a smaller one by virtue of size . 
  also it is in a traditionally rich region of europe , together with the czech parts on the other side of the border . 
   apart for this , i agree with you , poland 's growth should also help east germany . 
  it is possible to be poor in a rich `` neighborhood '' , but it 's less likely . 
  on related note : why do n't we have rich neighbors ? 
  :( because you 'll * be * the rich neighbors that will uplift the surrounding countries . 
  transylvania is pretty wealthy traditionally and will profit from having excellent access to central europe via hungary and flat terrain . 
  the eastern part of your country has access to the seas and thus cann sell to all countries surrounding the mediterranean and black seas . 
  the only obstacle to profit from both of those advantages together are the carpathian mountains but the motorways crossing them are planned and under construction . 
  overall , if the anti-corruption agency 's efforts will continue i predict that romania will have excellent growth , considering that strong property rights and a fair judicial system are paramount for economic health . 
  poland 's economic rise will probably help east germany as well , as they 'll have more potential economic partners surrounding them . 
  however there are definite signs of progress as well : the areas surrounding berlin are mostly neutral , in contrast to east germany in general . 
  the german-german border is less pronounced than less finely grained maps make it seem . 
  progress on that is crawling at best . 
  there is a [ very slow process of introducing medical cannabis ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/03/germany-to-legalise-cannabis-for-medicinal-purposes/ ) but the rest of drugs are seen as medically useless and god forbid you 'd want to use them recreationally . 
  although sometimes opinions are voiced that decriminalisation similar to portugal is the better option . 
  in the dark ages , why do you ask ? 
  i am well aware that my position is not representative of the general population . 
   additionally on june first a new law will come into place that will more heavily persecute dealing drugs in public places ( note : there have been several high profile cases of drug subway stations being flooded by aggressive nigerian dealers and groups of dealers and drug addicts gettings into fights ) . 
  this is expected to increase the number of incarcerated people . 
  or you could , you know , legalise production , transport and sales of drugs , reducing drug - * related * crime and the need for prison sentences in the first place . 
   today europe is arranged for labors in unions working for big cooperations or government . 
  that is true . 
  if you look at all the laws we have from that pov , they make complete sense but not in any other case . 
   if would make sense to reform this along with a lot of tax laws in germany to make it easier for people to participate in the digital economy . 
  do n't even get me started on tax reform , people around here go nuts if you suggest simplifying the tax code similar to how estonia does it with a flat income tax and corporate tax only when profits are withdrawn from the company instead of being reinvested . 
  speaking of estonia , they also manage to allow funding a company without visiting and paying for a notary , so why could n't we ? 
  the only strange thing there is how it costs more to found a company in estonia than to found one in the uk . 
    under german law , the gmbh must have a minimum founding capital of $ 25,000 that is not the complete picture , there is the * ug ( haftungsbeschr\u00e4nkt ) * , which is governed by the same laws as the gmbh but only 1 $ is required to put up . 
  until you amass 25.000 $ you are only allowed to withdraw half of your profits , but then you are allowed to rename your company into a gmbh . 
  would you be willing to make a second map with per capita numbers ? 
   the regulation in question will change soon . 
  how so ? 
  good . 
  there should be ten times those . 
  let 's hope that things like i2p and freenet start to catch up in terms of usability . 
  i am also a fan of big projects like the tallinn-helsinki tunnel , or the gibraltar tunnel , the proposed power cable from iceland to faroe , scotland and norway and so on . 
  also big space projects . 
  also building up road and rail infrastructure in eastern europe up to western european standards . 
  tell me about any big plan and i 'll probably be a bit of a sucker for it . 
   so , instead of one country having a head start in a language , drag everyone down to the bottom ? 
  everyone starts at the bottom with esperanto . 
  with english an arbitrary group gets a head start .
