  i wonder how much of that is plain and simply through neglection of proper it hygiene . 
  source ? 
  expand ? 
  in other words , we seriously need to reduce our use of gas ( and oil while we 're at it ) . 
   about 1/3 of space potential of the former soviet union remained in ukraine oh yeah . 
  so about 0.1 % of the eu 's annual budget then . 
  let 's keep it slim . 
  what did you have in mind then , if not an institution ? 
  i am sure as long as the installation is in eu hands it will be used in some way or another . 
  if not , they will just sell it to the highest bidder as except for a few parts it should be pretty similar to usual office buildings . 
  i 'll believe it when i see it , too . 
  does anyone have recent stats on how expensive the whole shuttling nonsense is ? 
  i do n't quite understand why german has the reputation of sounding brutish . 
  it is because of hitler , is it ? 
  the intent is to feel horrified by the crimes . 
  but we do not just look at the horrible war crimes , we analyse to death the events leading up to hitler 's power grab and the various attempts at assassinating him . 
  and we do this exercise for the last few years of history classes to the extent that i have virtually no recollection of the formation of the german nation . 
  except for some neonazis everyone will admit that yes this happened and yes it was horrible we should never do this again . 
  we even have laws against denying that the holocaust happened . 
  but it varies from person to person if they see the whole thing as a fact of history or as something emotionally charges . 
  the younger a person is the more they tend to the former . 
  not sure this is what you are looking for , but there was an askreddit thread a couple of days ago along these lines : [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1o4w3c/serious_germans_does_anything_remain_in_your/ ), 
  i would be happy about a world where the usa do not call the shots . 
  i would be sad about a world where either russia or china call the shots . 
  going by my education the only thing that happened in germany in wwii was that the people that lived at that time commited a genocide on the jewish people and that the allied forces stopped that . 
  war crimes of other sides are not discussed at all though an article will be published every few years about rape . 
  but i was hinting at the fact that almost without fail a war statue will comemorate casualties , either civilian or not . 
  i have never seen a statue stating the loss in knowledge , economic ability , destruction of buildings , mutilation , rape , ... 
  the restrictions on * ius solis * outside of the americas ( and some odd countries ) make it equivalent in practice to * ius sanguinis * as in the example of germany the parent ( s ) could acquire citizenship in a similar time frame . 
  * ius sanguinis * literally means blood law and i like archaic terminology so i went with it . 
  strange what people can take exception to . 
  let 's agree that we had a simple difference of language . 
   pretty powerful symbolism if you ask me . 
  rape in modern militaries is one of the less discussed out of the many many war crimes . 
  and this statue brings that to the mind in a very powerful way . 
  * ius soli * in germany applies only if one of the parents has resided in germany for * eight * years and holds a permanent residence permit . 
  the child then has to * opt * for german citizenship no later than at 23 years of age . 
  and how is it misleading to say that [ outside of the americas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:jus_soli_world.svg ) * ius sanguinis * is the standard mode ? 
   i was born in germany though so i have a eu citizenship . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  outside of the americas citizenship at birth is acquired through blood not by location . 
   i am wondering , not being in germany for like 10 years , can i still join the military ? 
  theoretically , yes . 
  in the sense that there is no apparent reason to dismiss you , assuming you actually have german citizenship . 
  but as the * bundeswehr * downsizes to a more specialized force i doubt they would take someone in with bad german skills . 
   if not of germany ( and rather not , cuz i do n't speak much german now ) can i join any other eu military ? 
  no other military will accept you , except for the french foreign legion and the belgian army . 
  the latter only assuming you actually have eu citizenship . 
   please give as much information as you can . 
  i 'll do the same if you do so , too . 
  there more information you provide , * especially * your reason for relocation , current ( legal ) status and goals , the more we can help . 
  migration and starting over are extremely broad topics . 
  lazy post today as i know next to nothing about montenegro that i could n't say about other ex-yugoslav states . 
  systems using both glonass and navstar are already in use and get accuracy and coverage far better and faster than either of those systems . 
  at the time it will become operational we will have four gps to choose from : navstar ( usa ) , glonass ( russia ) , compass ( china ) and galileo ( eu/eea/esa ) . 
  from the title i thought this would be the start to some kind of joke . 
   many europeans also feel that we have a responsibility to help all the balkan countries join the union and achieve peace and prosperity , because we failed so horribly in preventing war and bloodshed in the civil war in the nineties . 
  there 's still a lot of guilt left in our countries because of that . 
  therefore ensuring peace and hopefully mending the wounds between the former yoguslav peoples is a very important priority for the eu . 
  it would be interesting if the ex-yugoslav countries could be peacefully united in the eu . 
  we already have two of seven ( or six if you count kosovo with serbia ) down . 
  there many many parallels between the eu and the usa . 
  mind you , the latter is not a role model but a lot can be learned from the federalist debate to all kinds of state rights and integration processes . 
  maybe . 
  i do n't see how that relates to my question . 
  this kind of raises the question of how we should deal with state-funded insurance and welfare in the eea . 
  honest question , how do they do that in the usa , canada or any other federation for that matter ? 
  does welfare exist only on the highest level of organization , do they have some scheme to compensate each other or do they have a system in place that does n't raise such questions in the first place ? 
   what if i told you , that sometimes there is too little war , or that the war comes too late ? 
  so you do not agree that war is inherently a horrid thing ? 
  if there was no genocide in the first place , a war some might say , there would be no need for foreign intervention in the form of a war . 
  of course you can battle fire with fire but that does n't make fire any less dangerous . 
  too much war . 
  the benefits of being able to freshly install modern infrastructure . 
  we 'll see how well germany will do with the change to renewable energy sources . 
  electric cars ca n't come soon enough . 
  * `` but their electricity comes from coal plants so you just have the exhaust elsewhere !, 
  '' * better polluting an area where virtually no one lives and have it concentrated so highly efficient filtration methods can be deployed . 
  if electric cars with autonomous technology are deployed life expectancy will rise sharply . 
  this is history in the making . 
  sometimes i get controversial comments up in this sub but this takes the cake . 
  it 's only a circlejerk if it 's an opinion you disagree with . 
  obligatory www.prism-break.org . 
  interesting . 
  i wonder what the general mood among canadians is in that regard . 
   we already have a foreign de jure head of state , so this is moot . 
   let 's ask it this way : would you like to be part of the eu ? 
   i read that ceta will increase canada 's gdp by ~ 1.5 % , whereas a us-eu fta would reduce it by ~ 7 % . 
  good thing american politicians are easily bought . 
  xd hm , i would like to see a calculation where there is a comprehensive fta between mexico , canada , usa and the eu . 
   considering the eu is canada 's second largest market , i think plenty , most importantly that it would somewhat diversify our economy and lessen the shocks from a struggling us economy . 
  it would also lower prices for eu products . 
  interesting . 
  i would argue that the eu is the market with second most potential growth in the near future , the first being china . 
  though i 'd assume that integration in the eu would be seen as a massive loss of sovereignity for canadians . 
  then again , it could somewhat protect from us american influence . 
   what it would bring to the eu ? 
  it would provide a market that would act as a go-between the us and the eu , due to nafta regulations . 
  this would give eu capital , and canada jobs , especially in manufacturing . 
  win-win for everybody around .
