  wow . 
  can you tell me more about the ` automatic cuts ' mentioned in the article ? 
  do you think they will go through ? 
  interesting . 
  the main point , i think , is that a common foreign policy ultimately does not leave any room for individual military operations . 
  you bring up very good points . 
  what are some alternative models up for discussion and what do you advocate ? 
  i am obviously not very informed on this and would like to learn more . 
  yes . 
  a joint military force comparable to the us army , navy , etc. 
  i am not so sure about the implied magnitude of savings . 
  what would be some redundancies you think of ? 
  i think this is a good time to talk about whether there should be an european army . 
  after all , i can hardly imagine a threat that is better dealt with a couple separate armies than with a joint force . 
  spanish citizenship would have made it easier to establish citizienship in other spanish speaking countries , if you so desire . 
  we can advertise this subreddit or create a reddit clone for europe . 
  there should be massive support for multilinguism . 
  this goes in a similar vein to learning other european langauges and the couchsurfind suggestion . 
  in general we can work on easing travel and communication in europe by any means . 
  with the eu as inter-governmental body i do not really see any heavy-weight arguments against fragmentation of larger states into smaller ones . 
  so , not calling them to complain about their ads ? 
  `` i do n't like your ads . '', 
  `` you have aids ? '', 
  `` nono , i do n't like the advertisments you have , they are ... 
  hello ? '', 
  is it that easy to get a high paying job ? 
  assume i am a student of some stem subject and could be reasonably proficient in portuguese until my graduation . 
  do i just walk up to the agency and say `` my palace please '' ? 
  it 's not the state 's business to protect my children , my provider and/or i should do that . 
  and bans on symbols like nazi symbols is just ridiculous . 
  do n't just talk about it , have the eu enact it . 
  call for a single market in intellectual property while you 're at it too . 
  or a single digital market if the other thing is too complicated for you . 
  i wonder who or what lead to their breakdown . 
  it is not really talked about . 
  do i understand correctly that doha would have lead to global free trade ? 
  canadas immigration laws are quite strict . 
  how the hell did you take switzerland ? 
  good . 
  the more market participants , the better . 
  this seems to be a polarising issue . 
  i 'll provide a moderate view : the more options , the better . 
  the more competitors on the market , the more efficient your market is . 
  instead of relying on a single supplier you now can choose from any facility with a lng terminal and russia , so the possibility to pressure countries into adapting their policies is massively reduced . 
  lithuania now is able to import form canada , us , australia , venezuela , heck even azerbaijan . 
  if more countries adopt these lng terminals we will have an actual global market for gas and can more selectively enact pressure on third nations . 
  the energy union will only help that if there are pipelines all over the eu and a handful of lng terminals can service the whole continent . 
  it hurts my feelings that you did n't call it former ottoman province of greece . 
  what the hell , since when is germany cheaper than czech republic ? 
  what 's next , french people buying their electronics from germany ? 
  but how do you understand the recordings if no one speaks russian ? 
  i 'd just love to see the atmospheric data for this . 
  only time will tell if the tax cuts were irresponsible or not . 
  the interesting thing in romania is that , seeing as they have a flat income tax , vat reduction works out to a massive reduction of taxes on low-income households , as they spend more on food and beverages as a percentage of their income than high-income earners . 
  lower vat also might encourage people to pay taxes as the risk-reward calculation skews more towards risk than reward with a vat rate on the [ lower end of the spectrum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_value_added_tax#vat_rates ) starting january . 
  maybe some regions bordering hungary will see some more traffic as there will be vat differential of 7 % . 
  all in all i hope that romania will maintain a simple and low-tax regime . 
   the dutch army 's 11 airmobile brigade is already integrated into the german division schnelle kr\u00e4fte rapid deployment force . 
  considering that [ the dutch army 's fighting core ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_netherlands_army#structure ) is only three brigades , does that mean that two thirds of the dutch army is effectively under the control of the bundeswehr ? 
  this might just the be the seed of a eu army/military . 
  ca n't the parliament ( or upper house , sorry i am fuzzy on the names ) lift him from office or void his immunity ? 
  this [ map ] ( http://www.statnett.no/en/market-and-operations/data-from-the-power-system/nordic-power-flow/ ) shows why : energy has to pass through finland which itself has enormous demand that can not be satisfied since import capacity is maxed out . 
  [ bulgaria , romania tie migrant quotas to schengen ] ( https://euobserver.com/beyond-brussels/130202 ), 
  i can pm you in case i actually do the post . 
  and you can add me as a friend to see new posts . 
  and of course the post will be so popular you ca n't miss it . 
  which one ? 
  / u/dfractalh 's , mine or yours ? 
  and why ? 
  fascinating . 
  this is literally the first time i hear of them and the first time i hear of the actual possibility of a trans-european political party . 
  still trying to wrap my head around the judicial details and will do some more research . 
  when i 'm done i might do a top-level post . 
  edit : oh my , this is a bigger task than anticipated . 
  it is the weinschorle that gives me pause . 
  right after the migrant crisis is resolved . 
  we have a lot of road construction going on , so it 's not like the low interest rates are n't put to good use . 
   more domestic demand in germany ( say through vat reductions ) is good for europe as whole . 
  i would very much welcome german tax reform . 
  the german association of tax payers states that of every euro earned , about 0.44 $ goes in our pockets , the rest stays with the state in the form of tax money and social contributions . 
  but i get the feeling that i wo n't see any reform in my lifetime making taxes easier or lower . 
  it is a drop in the bucket of reducing our debt levels . 
  especially since this is the federal surplus , the states and communes had a deficit . 
  however thanks to low interest rates interest payments - currently 8 % of government budget - will massively reduce in the coming years . 
   my university has one giant telescope , two fission reactors and one fusion reactors sponsored by max planck lmu munich or u garching ? 
  i say it 's the latter . 
   maybe the fact that there is no clear line between what is university research and outside organisation research changes these things aswell ? 
  traditionally german universities lose in international rankings like the times higher education rankings exactly because the more prestigious research is attributed to institutes outside of the university . 
  so for example a professor will be teaching at the university and part of his salary paid by the university , but the actual research will be done at a mpi/fi / ... where he has access to more ressources in the form of equipment and postdocs . 
  i suspect that the latter is the defining difference between universities and the `` big four '' , that the former have fewer full-time researchers . 
  a last thing : us american and british institutes have excellent reputation in germany and many people go there for at least a year . 
  many also stay as researchers there are more encouraged to commercialise their research . 
  maybe this staying effect and the idealised view of foreign research contribute to a negative self-perception . 
  the anglo bias for example shows in impact factors as minor research there obviously is published in english , increasing the factor , but minor research in germany is published in german , reducing the potential audience and chance conclusions . 
  the methodology for that subindex seems to be to ask  in your country , how would you assess the quality of scientific research institutions ? 
  so there may be some bias , seeing as they did n't use objective measurements such as impact factor , regardless of how accurate it is . 
  taking a close look , the site says about the score ( for germany )  statistics min 1.66 ; max 6.35 ; median 2.33 so there is massive skew in the data , considering that the average is 5.8 . 
  other countries give similar results . 
  in general the german `` big '' organisations are stellar , namely max planck , helmholtz , leibnitz and fraunhofer . 
  university affiliated institutes however are usually sub par in an international comparison as the bigger , better funded institutes outside of universities do the heavy lifting .
