  i assume that with delivery too the largest component of end price is human labour , so again automation can lower prices for the consumer . 
  i find it somewhat strange that named use cases for civilian drones are infrastructure supervision and assistance in case of natural disasters . 
  the first case usually already is served by various forms of automation and comes down to the cost of sensors . 
  the second case can already be served by conventional aircraft and is too uncommon compared to other cases . 
  sovereign country , not integration into russia ? 
  generally it is the brits that have trouble adapting . 
  i like the view of france . 
  but more seriously , this map would look a lot better with clear borders . 
  especially with flags that have symbols or patterns in it make it difficult to see even rough borders . 
  to be fair , it costs quite a bit to get over the pond and see just a bit of europe . 
  then again , i wo n't assume to know anything of either usa , china or india beyond the obvious . 
  i get the impression that both blocs overstate their own diversity though still us culture seems to be more homogenous than european culture . 
  i had the option to choose between russian and swedish . 
  i chose russian . 
  [ did i make a mistake ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gnbpqcx.jpg ) we will see when the russian album will be posted . 
  crimea has the wrong colour . 
   i 'm surprised there have n't been any comments yet . 
  this tends to be the subject some people here would jump on . 
  why ? 
  to my understading people here are against immigration , not tourism . 
  personally i see this as a step towards visa-free europe . 
  well if the anglophones do n't want to be in schengen i do n't care all that much about them . 
  the offer from the russian side was to allow visa free travel for holders of a biometric passport which is quite expensive for the average russian citizen , limiting the number of potential tourists . 
  though i do n't see the problem with having lots of russian tourists . 
  maybe i am overlooking something but at first glance they will bring in money and that ca n't be bad , right ? 
  actually the russians were in talks with the eu about mutual visa free travel . 
  i say the russians because they seemed to be more eager to close the deal . 
  anyhow , as part of the sanctions all talks with russia , including the visa deal , are frozen . 
  damn those incompetent eu bureaucrats , punishing the common man on both sides instead of focusing on the proper target . 
  one step closer to visa free europe . 
  still to go eu/efta -  belarus + russia and belarus + russia + ukraine + turkey + georgia -  eu/efta . 
  just take a look at [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wozhkii.jpg ) . 
  standard time is all wrong !, 
  as far as i know you need a couple of initial signatures from seven different countries . 
  i am willing to provide one , should you start an initiative . 
  add one more here . 
  between the five of us we 'd need only two more people from two eu member states to start this . 
   i thought the au and eu are equal organisations representing two continents [ ... ] the two organisations are n't even comparable . 
  the eu is vastly more integrated than anything similar that exists in the world . 
  and the eu is * not * representative of the whole european continent , whereas representation is a claim the au could make . 
  good : i did n't think we would manage to reduce government debt . 
  bad : and what are the numbers with all liabilities factored in ? 
  thank you . 
  there seems to be a misunderstanding here . 
  the little flag next to my nick name does not mean that i am an official representative of the residents of the german federal republic and its citizens living abroad , but is only an indication of the heritage i have the strongest sense of belonging to . 
  understand that my initial comment was not an indication of europeans or any other group of people for that matter being in any sense superior to us citizens but only that one of my needs particularly better satisfied by this new subreddit as opposed to another one . 
   you know its funny that germans are so mad about us centricity but do n't believe eastern european countries should be free to determine who they can be in an alliance with . 
  neither is the latter my position , nor has it something to do with the former . 
   also where is the outrage over europeans leaders having their phones tapped by the fsb and then publicly releasing the recordings . 
  i only have so much time to research privacy . 
  beyond that the demand for hostility against russia is more than satisfied by the available supply . 
   germans are just as hypocritical as the rest of us . 
  i do n't care about how i can protect my privacy in the us as i neither reside in the us nor am i a citizen of the us . 
  but i reside in germany with german citizenship , so i am happy that one of my demands now is meeting a supply . 
  how is that hypocritical ? 
  til / r/europrivacy exists . 
  happy to have an alternative to us-centric / r/privacy . 
  edit : do n't waste your time by reading the comment tree below the threshhold . 
  * sigh * year of linux ? 
  again , not this year . 
   is there a cap on how many of these coins can exist in circulation ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't know the exact number but it will be reached within a handful of years . 
   cryptocurrencies are an interesting concept but as long as they 're deflationary , they 'll never work as a replacement for plain old fiat currency . 
  i am very sure that the current iteration of cryptocurrencies will not prevail in the medium term but we need to first get the technological and legal infrastructure in place to deal with them , then we can figure the kinks in the economics out . 
   and as far as i know every cryptocurrency invented so far is deflationary . 
  yes and no . 
  bitcoin for example is currently in an * inflationary * stage as there are plenty of bitcoin created every day . 
  but long-term the currency should be deflationary , at least assuming growing surrounding economy . 
  peercoin on the other hand is designed to have an annual inflation rate of 1 % , though the transitory mechanics lead to a current inflation rate much higher than that . 
  the difficulty with cryptocurrencies is that we have yet no knowledge of how to tie either the exchange rate or the supply to some kind of `` real '' value without resorting to some kind of central or trusted authority . 
  legalise gambling , prostitution and all kinds of drugs in europe , then be amazed as at least half of their budget goes away . 
  more seriously i took a crapshot . 
  are there estimates how they generate their revenue ? 
  short scale . 
  that is the part i am not understanding . 
  there appear to be no major efforts to get at least a small set of shopkeepers to accept aur at launch . 
  almost makes me want to do my own little version of such a project , maybe at a university . 
  as with any other currency or any commodity . 
  the concept of a `` market cap '' is meaningless in this context . 
  in economic terms there is no `` real worth '' or `` real value '' . 
  any quantitiy is worth what someone else is willing to exchange it for . 
  the coin is a fork of litecoin , a cryptocurrency , developed by someone under the pseudonym `` baldur '' with an initial supply of some arbitrary size . 
  this initial supply multiplied by current market prices yields a monetary base - colloquially called `` market cap '' - of $ 132m though that does not mean that anyone has ` invested ' that amount of money . 
  it does not seem to get as much publicity as the other project . 
  as there does not appear to be an exchange between isk and aur we have to rely on the exchange rate between [ isk and btc ] ( http://coinmarketcap.com/volume.html#aur ) and then again between btc and usd or eur . 
  exchange rate as of writing is 8.10 usd/aur making the airdrop worth $ 257.58 because of an initial fall in the exchange rate . 
  in general people 's expectations give rise to the worth of the currency . 
  the exact exchange rate is arbitrary , only changes are relevant . 
  as there does not appear to be surrounding infrastructure yet , i predict massive fluctuations in the price until something resembling an economy establishes itself . 
  first , the coin is not `` issued '' by the government , this is a purely private citizen 's initiative . 
  they only use public government records to reach every icelandic citizen as their government id is public . 
  second , `` cryptocurrency '' refers to a specific technology based on cryptographic concepts . 
  `` fiat '' refers to a legal framework specifying the rules around some form of government issued currency , where the characteristic is that the currency is not redeemable against any fixed good . 
  obviously the government could issue their fiat currency in the form of a cryptocurrency , but the two things are very distinct . 
  i 'll be watching this closely as i am very much interested in the development of the coin . 
  cryptocurrencies are such a new concept and we have yet to explore all their possibilites . 
  a small country adopting the technology would serve as an excellent test bed for real life consequences . 
   the idea of using digital money to bolster local economies is gaining momentum .
