  if they do n't want romania to continue to veto , that is . 
  european parliament elects the commission , we elect european parliament . 
  edit : and european parliament - who we elect - [ needs to approve almost all eu laws ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_legislative_procedure ) , of course there are exceptions where commission and council can act alone and some where commission can act alone . 
  in either case , the whole structure gets legitimacy from the member nations acceding to the european union , in other words the exact governments bitching and moaning about the eu are the ones giving it legitimacy in the first place . 
  reddit is strangely against referenda . 
  although questionnaires usually show very wide support for both facultative and initiative referenda . 
  to any and all arguments against it , i say : it seems to work extremely well for the swiss and reasonably well for california . 
  to those who say `` but it only works because they are small '' i say `` what does that have to do with anything ? '', 
  edit : and to those who say `` the population will choose wrong ! '', 
  i say that this is an argument against representative democracy as well , or democracy overall . 
  what is easier ? 
  to form an opinion on one topic or to evaluate the character of a representative ? 
  democracy is a measure to minimise conflict in society , not to choose the ` optimal ' or ` best ' option by whatever metric . 
  funnily enough , the realisation that the eu is n't * that * undemocratic after all came when i tried to justify my belief that it * is undemocratic * . 
  i still have some gripes , most of them applying to my own country too , but now that i understand the mechanisms more , i communicate the inner workings of the eu when that topic pops up . 
  of course you are right that there are duties to be upheld with every right granted , but that is not the reality we live in . 
  of course we can educate on the small scale , but that wo n't do very much in the larger picture . 
  what do you reckon we could do to make the public more educated about the eu , so that there will be more and more accurate coverage of it ? 
  i think one of the reasons people feel that the commision is unelected , is that - for example - we in germany vote for some * national * party or another , but on the parliament level it is the * european * party that matters . 
  this is n't clearly communicated at all . 
  also we do n't have proper election campaigns and media coverage as with the bundestagswahl . 
  no big campaigns * vote juncker * or whatever . 
  surprising to see the commission as unelected , since their election process is surprisingly similar to how the german government is elected ( electorate votes for parliament by proportional vote ( with some local element and state lists ) , parliament in turn elects the government , but voluntarily state in advance who will form the government ) , yet no one would say that germany 's government is unelected . 
  however the different organs of the german state have considerably more powers than the organs of the eu . 
  most notably all three of government , parliament and * bundesrat * can initiate legislation . 
  tell that to the swiss . 
  and switzerland . 
  why the hell do people always forget switzerland ? 
  democratically formed confederation that formed a federation . 
  started by population with different languages , cultures and religions . 
  direct democracy , referenda and citizen 's initiatives , swiss style . 
  in that sense you are right . 
  before ww2 german and french were both more popular in europe than english . 
  you think india and a third of africa speak english because of us american movies ? 
  then please vote leave and leave us be . 
  no other country is * that * opposed to further integration across the board , most countries have griefs with specific points , the uk seems to be opposed to any and all measures . 
  of course debate wo n't magically end with you leaving , but at least debate will be changed from the current standstill . 
  tell that to the swiss . 
  i hope they vote to leave . 
  i mean , i wish they 'd want to integrate the eu more , but if they do n't , it is better for the rest of us if they leave . 
  we could split those up by popular referendum in the respective states . 
  but it seems there is little sense or interest in that . 
  the god damn german east is still lagging behind despite more than a trillion euro in transfer money . 
  is that in the week before or after england wins the world cup ? 
   the eu 's making announcements about the eu army on the 24th huh , source ? 
  fuck the commission for not working on a proper single digital market . 
  and single market of services for that matter . 
  a pope abdicates . 
  talks about closing the great schism . 
  well this is one weird century for sure . 
  * your german improved a lot , i like that !, 
  * hey , thank you , i am glad that others enjoyed those !, 
  some time ago someone wrote to me and asked if i was ok with them having a rerun of the series , but apparently nothing came from it . 
  * * maybe i 'll take care of a rerun , if there is demand . 
  * i missed you and your trend . 
  good on him for not using english . 
   he wants to lure the europeans in with the vision of a greater eurasia . 
  only together one could master the challenges of the future . 
  that 's why he suggested a `` greater eurasian partnership '' . 
  first the states of the eurasian economic community ( russia , kazachstan , belarus , armenia and kirgistan ) should enter with china . 
  `` without a doubt the project is open to europe as well '' because despite all problems europe remained a `` key market '' according to putin . 
   the idea of a joint trading zone not only from lissabon to vladiwostok , but also to beijing would indeed be tempting for many companies . 
  the market is enormous , potentially even bigger than the one proposed by ttip . 
  yes please , a free trade zone . 
  free trade is one of the few things economists agree on unanimously and it is arguably one of the main reasons for sustained peace . 
   i 'm even in favor of a financial transaction tax by the way , probably something you absolutely detest as well . 
  yes . 
  but no point in arguing , i do n't think either of us will convince the other . 
  have a nice evening . 
   so what if you were born handicapped in your ideal system ? 
  you 're basically fucked if your parents ca n't pay for it right ? 
   what if you are born with parents that are addicted , or just do n't give a shit about you ? 
  out of luck in your system right ? 
  i take it that you never saw people donating money to such causes ? 
   what if you get into an accident ? 
  get chronically sick ? 
  insurance . 
   your opening line and rest of your statements make me think you grew up quite priviledged compared to most , and never had to learn what actual compassion , let alone solidarity means . 
  so i take it you agree with the rest except with the health stuff ? 
  look , if you want to put a label on it , the position is bat-shit crazy , fuck-the-poor minimal-state libertarianism with some concern over the environment and poverty for security reasons . 
  without labels , my position is `` you use it , you pay for it ; you do n't use it , you do n't pay for it . '', 
  if one programmer taught himself and another went through the public education system - both being paid the same - why should both pay the same tax ? 
  one of them did n't use the education system . 
  if i manage to get by with a smaller , lighterweight car and fewer trips , why should i pay the same for the road as the guy commuting daily with his monster truck ? 
  there is of course a role for state regulations , coordination and intervention , but these have to be chosen as small as possible , as to give the government as little power as possible . 
  the smaller the government , the easier it is for the population to understand and control it . 
  one example for justified state intervention is a carbon tax , seeing as there are massive negative effects of both molecular co2 and particulate matter on human health , property and the natural basis of life . 
  however we ca n't avoid all emissions , so there needs to be some mechanism to decide , which is which , and markets usually do a great job . 
  another venue for state intervention is basic income to avoid having people starve on the streets or dying from avoidable disease , both on humanitarian grounds and for security reasons . 
  ( it is certainly cheaper to just hand a guy some money than to have them steal it and lock them up . ), 
  tl ; dr : executive overreach is dangerous and makes it difficult for the population to understand and control its government . 
  markets usually do an excellent job in allocating ressources to competing goals due to the decentralised nature . 
  still , some goals can inherently not be reached with market and require state intervention , but on as small a scale as possible . 
   otherwise a ` fee ' is just a different word for a ` tax ' any way . 
  on the contrary . 
  taxes are paid regardless of usage , fees are paid only on the basis of usage . 
  and yes , i mean toll roads . 
   no one would be willing to plant a tree whose shade he knows he shall never sit in . 
  this is why we have taxes to plant trees . 
  assertion without evidence .
