  i for one do n't because i do n't come even remotely close to having the necessary capital . 
  in general though it is extremely difficult to start a competitor to large businesses such as amazon . 
  just take a look at microsoft 's attempt at penetrating the search engine market . 
  uk is not part of the schengen agreement and has no obligation to join . 
  you actually need to show some form of identification on entry , whereas there is simply no border between germany and any other country , except maybe switzerland . 
  this also means that visitors to the uk have no right to enter the schengen area and vice versa as there are different visa schemes covering those two areas . 
  and romania , bulgaria and croatia . 
  though it is the uk that threw a fit that the rules are unfair against them and that islands are special though malta and iceland - both obviously island countries - have no problem adhering to the rules . 
  the other mentioned countries are obligated to join but can not yet because of other countries vetoing their entry or because half their territory is occupied by another nation . 
  to be fair it seems quite suspicious to enter with multiple documents . 
  have you tried to enter the eu with only an eu passport ? 
  and all eu countries adhere to them except of course the uk ( and ireland . ), 
  i do n't listen to radio for quite a while but i can recall that most popular stations mainly play american music . 
  the american entertainment industry is just ridiculously powerful in terms of market penetration . 
  this goes for music , tv series , movies , games ... products from other countries are few and far between . 
  i would like to read an informed analysis of this situation . 
  if someone can recommend an internet radio station that plays mostly continental music , i 'd be very happy . 
  also , if there was something like netflix - again , an american service , of course with no european competitor - with european content i could enjoy more from europe . 
  which as we see on this sub does indeed produce quite nice works . 
  which again might be the largest bargaining chip in case catalonia secedes . 
  should spain play nice and let catalonia join the eu without problems , the catalans could agree to pay about 20 % or more of the debt . 
  should spain not play nice ... oh well . 
  an attempt at breaking american cultural hegemony ? 
  i 'm intruiged . 
  why the many downvotes ? 
  uk leaving could be beneficial for the eu under certain cirumstances . 
  uk could establish a free trading area among the commonwealth states who then again collectively can negotiate a trading agreement with the eu . 
  all the while the remaining eu member states can work on further integration without interference from the uk . 
  also funny to note that the site they link to is english only too . 
  ... if it is the non-eea migrants that are problematic , why not focus on them ? 
  just filled the form out . 
  i am hoping that maybe all eu citizens ( and citizens of the eea ) will have the same content available . 
  and that we in germany get sane copyright laws . 
  not an italian , but i love microstates , we should have more of them . 
  while it may seem so , he does not . 
  the course 's topic is the eu but residents and citizens of europe will benefit most from it . 
  though you see it surprisingly often that people actually conflate eu and europe , just as they do with usa and ( north ) america . 
  germany is a republic and should remain so . 
  all power comes from the people . 
  why should the scots pick their own king ? 
  before the act of union the crowns of england and scotland were seperate but united in one person who was king of scotland and king of england . 
  after the act of union those two positions were united as the king of greater britain . 
  should scotland choose to secede the easiest way to have a monarch as head of state would be to be part of the commonwealth realm and take elizabeth ii . 
  as queen . 
  should the scots not respect her regency there really is no natural way to pick a monarch . 
  same goes for the catalan case , only that there is nothing like the commonwealth realm as far as i know . 
  either recognise the king of spain and his five thousand titles as monarch or become a proper republic . 
  i will take the course as i like its focus on the eu 's use for me too . 
  is there or will there be a similar course for other organisations like asean , unasur or even the usa ? 
  also it is fascinating that i can take a course from an italian teaching in france using the english language on an us american platform . 
  from the warmth and comfort of my home . 
  for free . 
  jesus christ , i need to use the oppurtunities given to me more . 
  so the white countries grew just as much as the average , other countries faster or slower respectively . 
  just to finally drive the point home as i am a teacher at heart : when faced with an actual problem : `` ich habe eier , k\u00e4se und mehl . 
  `` ich habe keine * idee * '' as in `` i have eggs , cheese and milk . 
  what can i do with that ? '', 
  `` i have no idea . '', 
  as in `` do you know where colorado is on the map ? '', 
  `` i have no idea . '', 
  if you want to keep those phrases in your mind as isolated phrases , more appropriate translations are `` nothing comes to my mind '' and `` i do n't know '' with respect to their usage . 
  well i ca n't really know what you want to say . 
  what i read is `` i have no idea '' and now i suppose what you meant is `` ich habe keine ahnung . '', 
  truth be told , `` ich habe keine idee '' is quite appropriate too if you have to solve a problem . 
  can you actually vote for them in the election ? 
  what do you see for britain then ? 
  join the eea , go switzerland 's route and negotiate something seperate or something else entirely ? 
  i see you have a german sounding nick . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  a little bit of research showed that russia has a debt to gdp ratio of less than 10 % . 
  impressive !, 
  interesting . 
  this scheme was also proposed by milton friedman ( nobel laureate ) but it never happened . 
  interesting . 
  i am sure the sum will help the czech republic . 
  ideally ( manned ) spaceflight will be like regular flight today : many `` spacelines '' from many countries competing with each other and a few hardware manufactors from different regions . 
  or we get a handful of space elevators . 
  [ even better wikipedia link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_space_agencies#list_of_space_agencies_with_manned_spaceflight_capability ) . 
  to take it further , the german people voted for merkel the same way all eu citizens voted for barroso : we elect the parliament and parliament elects the * bundeskanzler * . 
  i signed up on january 2nd ? 
  legend : * [ blue ] eurozone members * [ green ] obliged to join the eurozone * [ brown ] accession papers contain opt-out clause * [ yellow ] uses the euro with agreement with ecb * [ purple ] uses the euro without agreement with ecb, 
  because they use the euro withot any agreement with the ecb , as opposed to the microstates that have an agreement but are not part of the eu . 
   according to reijonen , the gtu technology developed by fit biotech is also suitable for use as a preventive hiv vaccine , however , he says that such a drug is still ten years away . 
  herd immunity . 
  hopefully the medicine will become so affordable that we can start to eradicate one std as we did with some other diseases , at least regionally . 
   the central idea behind hiv vaccine development is the use of genetic immunization . 
  genes are introduced into the body in order to generate a controlled immune response against hiv . 
  gene transport unit ( or gtu ) technology refers to fit biotech 's patented method by which genes can be safely introduced into the body . 
  and this is the bigger news . 
  this vaccine does not operate with weakened viroids but is actually * genetic engineering * . 
   i have n't done a proper costing , but this type of system obviously limits the total money paid out compared to an across-the-board payment of the same amount . 
  this certainly allows you to set a higher ubi , and could also free up some money for other narrowly-targeted payments ( such as disability assistance ) . 
  i do n't see how anyone in their right mind could advocate anything else than paying ubi in scheme similar to the above . 
  i do n't see where the need for any other assistance programs would be . 
  how will this be implemented on an eu level ? 
  will every country have a different income ? 
  or all the same ? 
  every region ? 
  nonetheless , i support a basic income if and only if any and all other welfare programs are stopped . 
  measures such as publically funded education are of course ok but not public housing and such .
