  finally , people tend to get upset when they see that the majority of their tax payments is spent on something they do n't even remotely benefit from or might even go against their world view . 
  there are some efforts to reduce light pollution overall in cities like not having stores leaving their lights on over night or installing street lights that react to movement instead of time . 
  or use lights with more red and less blue . 
  personally i 'd love to see more stars in the sky than just the couple that shine bright enough to overpower street lights . 
  you stand at +9 for me . 
  i rarely upvote and i recall reading one or two statements i disagreed with . 
  the economics stuff is usually solid . 
  the end part . 
  finding online ads is quite trivial . 
  not that i doubt you but a source would be nice . 
  these kind of things have a tendency to be exaggerated . 
  guess we 'll see the content of the agreement soon . 
  source does n't say anything about russia . 
  i wonder how talk about the time between 1933 and 1945 will change as the generation that has first-hand memory of it vanishes . 
  no problem , just speaking honestly . 
  the question was about your knowledge about the eu and issues in europe in general . 
  i read your answer as you being a legal professional with a specialty different from the hobby that is the interest in eu politics . 
  as you have studied in germany , i guess you are fluent in the language and this should give you a different point of view from natives and especially legal professionals that dealt only with english . 
  what is your opinion on the language policy of the eu ? 
  officially there are 26 or so official languages , three working languages but in practice english is used as lingua franca . 
  it is no secret on this subreddit that i dislike the current state and would prefer to have a constructed language as official and working language of the eu and official second language of all member states . 
  what is your take on this ? 
  reilly , i always enjoy reading your posts , they are usually very informative and well researched . 
  may i ask if this is a hobby of yours or a professional interest ? 
  it seems to be gaining a hint of traction in germany . 
  these things tend to either explode or simmer out . 
  i am hoping for the first . 
  i was wondering why sweden had so much more votes than finland or denmark . 
  this needs to be pushed quite a bit more to have any chance of success . 
  that is the date when the initiative was approved . 
  voting was enabled two or three days ago . 
  belarus is the last country in europe that retains the death penalty . 
  belarus is the last dictatorship of europe . 
  we need to get rid of both those things . 
  there is certainly something to that argumentation . 
  it may not be a choice to take that stuff the tenth , ninth , eigth or the second time , but it is certainly a choice to take it the first time . 
  though i do n't see people taking krokodil if there is heroine available . 
  and i do n't see people taking heroine in the way they do now . 
  actually , medical heroine is already available in quite some forms , we just call it morphine . 
  methylamphetamine again is a similar question to krokodil . 
  why would you take meth if amphetamines were freely available , together with treatment options ? 
  i am sure people would opt for the safer variant and thus make the question of meth a non-issue . 
  what i usually like about this debate is to ask everyone in the room `` assuming tommorrow all drugs are legalised , including krokodil and meth , would you then start taking that stuff ? '', 
  and see no raised hands . 
  `` anyone in your family or someone you know ? '', 
  yields similar answers . 
  one more thing . 
  while writing a point came to my mind that i have not yet considered : prohibition or regulation of harder drugs like krokodil or meth could have a justification similar to the prohibition or regulation of the more dangerous poisons , namely that it would be easy and possible to poison people with them , albeit in quite a different way than arsenic . 
  it is none of the state 's business what i put in my body and what not . 
  though the german state ackknowledges this in theory - one ca n't be punished for the * use * - in practice this right is virtually impossible to exercise because of the associated regulations . 
  further , i am quite the opponent of victimless crimes . 
  i ca n't see the harm in substance use and other issues like gambling , homosexuality or prostitution ( given that all parties consent voluntarily ) . 
  any associated issue like trafficing , abuse or similar is just that , an associated issue that has to be dealt with appropriately . 
  banning substance use because people tend to get addicted is like banning water pipes because they tend to get leaky when they develop a fault . 
  even further , as the points above hold , people tend to do this kind of stuff regardless . 
  legalisation allows the state to regulate the industry , alleviating the associated issues , increase tax revenue that is needed oh so badly these days , reducing spending on law enforcement , incarceration , treatment and to dry out crime networks . 
  last but not least , i 'd like this campaign to reach more people , to show the current possibilities of democracy in the eu and to get them talk about more direct democracy . 
  edited the post , thanks . 
  i 'm almost inclined to say that if people are n't willing to provide information their government already knows to support a cause they care about , they deserve to not see their wishes realised . 
  this link will however be promoted to all of my friends . 
  if only the organisers could respond to my mail to translate this to other languages , too . 
  i do n't know any german pro-cannabis organisations . 
  i have never in my live used anything else than alcohol . 
  oh wait , once i tried a cigar . 
  upvoted everything in your post and the post itself . 
  / r/germantrees done . 
  do n't want to repost this to / r/de . 
  and signing is possible until 2014-11-20 , given that they had 5000 signatures per day , this could plausibly reach the 1,000,000 mark needed . 
  i sincerely hope that they will answer my mail as i can provide them with translations to german , czech , romanian and hungarian . 
  providing the text in more languages will massively raise the chances of this passing , i could n't possibly understand the motivation of them to release the text in only one language . 
  and malta . 
  i wish there was someone like him ( her ? ), 
  for every country . 
  well i found [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/anti-drugs/index_en.htm ) , so the eu seems to play some role . 
  more votes than the rest of the eu combined . 
  i wonder what the reason is . 
  has it been posted on some popular website ? 
  thank you , contacted them , waiting for an answer . 
  if the text was available in more than one language this initiative had a better chance . 
  but as it is , there is only an english version available . 
  i 'd translate it to german if i knew whom to contact . 
  edit : apparently poles are huge supporters of this . 
  they provide 3191/5436 = 58.7 % of all votes right now . 
    tabulary form  link to map i wanted tabulary form . 
   language on the top right of the page the text of the proposal is still in english . 
  is there a way to show support in tabular form ? 
  this makes it easier to see which countries are close to passing the threshhold . 
  edit : why is the text available only in english ? 
  did the organisers put no thought in this ? 
  whom do i have to contact about translating this to german ? 
  edit : tabulary -  tabular, 
  yes , please . 
  no , because russia is evil because of gays . 
  or some other topic of the day . 
  our friends on the other side of the ocean . 
  russia is quite interested in better relations , as better relations mean more business and with russia extremely rich in natural ressources that business will bring amounts of money other countries could only dream of . 
  but strategically a richer russia , a country with a long military tradition , will mean a militarily more potent russia and that could hurt us american hegemony . 
  or maybe i just enjoy talking out of my ass . 
  yes , please . 
  there is a lot to gain from free trade , among them often much better relations that we need .
