  no one , but that is not the point . 
  it is like in a negotiation : you ask for much more than you want so you can later gracefully back off , leaving the other party with the feeling of getting a better deal . 
  it could have been a strategic move : ask for asylum . 
  if declined , use as supporting material in future leaks or as reason for them . 
  if offered , use it as bargaining chip . 
  another thing unions could negotiate : working times according to sunrise and sunset . 
   ( why they do n't just get up an hour later i do n't fully understand ) this is surprisingly similar to one of the arguments put for daylight saving time . 
  and still equally idiotic . 
  six o'clock too dark ? 
  get up at seven o'clock . 
  we somehow managed for thousands of years without dst , we can do so again . 
  of course . 
  but i can dream . 
  will they get rid of this daylight saving time nonsense , too ? 
   it 's ( sic ) i 'm so terribly sorry that i made a spelling error in my third language . 
  past crimes of my nation do not compare . 
   [ ... ] you [ ... ] want a stronger more unified europe ( as in the eu ) , [ ... ] do i ? 
  i think we have different opinions on strength . 
  my view is that we need a common foreign policy , a non-interventionist one in my opinion . 
  but europe is best served if it preserves and promotes its diversity in peoples , languages and policies . 
  more smaller nations , laboratories , if you will , facilitate that . 
  bad policy in malta hurts less than half a million people , bad policy on eu level hurts more than half a billion . 
   [ ... ] separating at a lower level seems a bit silly to me . 
  not at all . 
  the usa are doing just fine with fifty states , considering they are a dominating economic , political and military power . 
  germany is constituted of 16 states , too , and we are doing relatively fine , as are austria and switzerland . 
  a strong federal eu entails necessarily a subsidary principle : the smallest political unit that can viably deal with an issue should do so . 
  now i ca n't accept that france and malta are equally capable of solving issues traditionally solved at a national scale . 
  neither do i believe that the solutions in the 16 states of germany are equally applicable to all of us , so we have our country sliced up nicely . 
  smaller nations allow finer governance . 
  that would be the common travel area , as currently in place with ireland and uk . 
  if a majority votes for it , i do n't see why not . 
  it is similar to a marriage : if one of the partners is unhappy with the relashionship and it just does not work out , both are better off going seperate ways . 
  they can end on amicable terms and still be friends , but staying together will just cause more grief . 
  as it currently stands , i only see major separatist movements in scotland , catalonia and in the basque country . 
  all other separatist movements are fringe i take . 
  not from one of the mentioned cities , but i speak for one of the regions in south germany . 
  there are more and more regulations on night life . 
  in one city , public drinking on thursdays , fridays and saturdays is forbidden . 
  in one state the sale of alcoholic beverages after ten o'clock is forbidden , expect when it is served immediately , meaning you ca n't buy a case of beer but can have it in a bar . 
  in another city bans on night life are discussed by the people living in the respective districts with the rest fighting it . 
  generally , night life is a joke around here as most respectable venues that do not smell like smoke and vomit close around midnight . 
  prices are ridiculous for being a couple of university cities and the streets are dead at night on workdays . 
  stop patents completely , i say . 
  they have done more bad than good . 
  the industrial revolution got on it 's way just fine without them and the open source world does fine , too . 
  edit : i get it , i am wrong . 
  do n't comment and just downvote . 
  edit2 : [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patents#criticism ), 
  quoting [ this article ] ( http://www.lithuaniatribune.com/43829/the-results-of-the-europe-list-survey-revealed-key-european-values-201343829/ ) . 
  notes mine . 
   it would seem that the poll was important to them [ the french ] because in answer to the question `` what does europe personally mean to you ? '' most answered `` full-blooded european '' ( 43 per cent ) or ` yes , i do ' ( 37 per cent ) . 
  it 's the french ( 74 per cent ) who feel `` really european '' . 
  it was only 57 per cent of the lithuanians polled who answered hesitatingly `` quite a bit '' . 
  this is also relevant to the other thread `` how much do you feel european ? 
  yes , i support scottish independence . 
  formal recognition of independence gives you guarantee to self-determination . 
  any policy you deem sensible you can copy from the uk or bind yourself by contract to common policies , e.g. 
  monetary or defense . 
  you gain the ability to remain in the eu if you wish so and the uk should decide to leave . 
  also , as someone already has mentioned , it might reduce some kind of island mentality from the rest of the uk . 
  i wonder if an independent scotland would be a nuclear power and if they would join schengen or the common travel area . 
  thinking about it , fragmentation of the larger states in the eu ( germany , france , uk , spain , italy in roughly that order ) would lead to the constituting countries having a more equal negotiating position in the eu . 
  currently the first three pretty much call the shots . 
  with the uk leaving completely that problem just gets worse . 
  cool . 
  i am sure this will help the greek economy and eu 's energy independence . 
  just do n't get dutch disease . 
  i think that depends massively on the way this market is set up . 
  if you primitively buy a gb of storage , it wo n't work . 
  but if your assets have some kind of fungibility it should work . 
  i need seriously more detail about their plan . 
  so data sharing is suspended ? 
  is this legal to enact a law that is only valid for one person ? 
  this sounds good . 
  explain to me how i am mislead . 
  yes , i see that this could lead to flights between eu and usa being grounded . 
  both . 
  neither do i want the eu to be seen as the world 's police , not do i want to see the world as my personal playground where i dispose of leaders as i see fit . 
  nice map . 
  too many interventions for my taste . 
  what i want to avoid at all cost is a similar image to the usa . 
  what is `` too isolationist '' ? 
  i certainly do not want an interventionist policy . 
  well , if i live in germany and provide a service from a server in a foreign jurisdiction i am apparently still liable under the law of my country , but i have to research this more seriously . 
  germany intellectual property law is neolithic . 
  german law is weird . 
  even if i have a server in another country , i am still liable . 
  do n't ask why . 
  that being said , would there be any interest in such a thing ? 
  i could imagine the regular users to be around there . 
  i could host it , but under german law i am liable for anything that it links to . 
  that 's not nice at all . 
  i especially am looking for an alternative to reddit . 
  my local internet culture sucks big time . 
  i ca n't upvote you enough . 
  yep , the eu is a mess . 
  question is , how do we fix it ? 
  abandoning it altogether seems unhelpful . 
  cool .
