  i want to retract my statement . 
  after short research it seems to be a popular misconception . 
  can you provide examples ? 
  to put it in perspective : public servants in germany , like teachers , are forbidden from striking in general . 
  can we , like , reduce that number ? 
  170,000 pages . 
  i wonder how the number looks like for individual countries . 
   why ? 
  first and foremost because any kind of legislation is anti-liberal and i like liberty . 
  if there is no massive reason to ban something it should n't be . 
  second , widespread weapon ownership increases the resilience of a people against violent external and internal threat , that is , it adds an element of checks and balances . 
   i 'm german , too , and i really do n't think guns of any kind are necessary unless you 're a hunter or a sports shooter ( and even then they do n't need to be kept in your home , in my opinion ) . 
  do n't think guns are necessary ? 
  do n't own them . 
  the absence of necessity does n't imply the requirement to ban something . 
  and decentral storage is preferable to central storage . 
  break into a house , you get a couple of guns . 
  break into a central storage and you get all the guns . 
  of course central storage can be more secure but the case of failiure is much worse in the latter case . 
   i 'd even prefer if the majority of our police were unarmed , similar to the uk . 
  sure , why not . 
   i grew up in the country , my father had a couple of air rifles , but while they were fun to shoot , i never really understood why . 
  now , living in a bit of a dodgy part of a larger city , i still do n't know what i would do with one , even walking home alone at night . 
  again , then do n't own one . 
   by the same token , are we not also able to see what happens if the civilian population rises up peacefully and overthrows a system that was not afraid to use violence against its populace ? 
  ( i know that the comparison is a bit skewed . ), 
  i did not imply that peaceful resistance does not work . 
  it has worked in the past and it will work in the future . 
  violent resistance adds another security layer to that and may even completely prevent a violent system . 
   i 'm from america , i 'm interested to hear more about your view on your gun laws in germany . 
  what changes would you like to see ? 
  first and foremost , gun ownership to be an issue of shall , that is scrapping the requirement of necessity . 
  it is my own business why i own a gun or not . 
  also , random house searches if guns are stored properly are unconstitutional and a complaint in that regard is filed with the court . 
   would you like to be able to carry concealed and loaded in public ? 
  i enjoy that right in america so i can see where you 'd want that ability too . 
  yes . 
  i am not sure about what requirement should be in place specifically , but cc is very reasonable and better than oc , adding uncertainty for a potential attacker . 
  of course anyone may disallow carrying a weapon on his property . 
  yes and no . 
  the two countries are not on the expansion plan right now but are part of our eastern neighbourhood policy . 
  at least with ukraine i know that there are still problems with corruption and rule of law that block closer partnership . 
  it 's a 2011 map . 
  [ germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_politics_in_germany ) : owning a weapon ( not single-shot , flares , tasers or such bullshit ) is registered and only allowed with a permit requiring age of majority , sanity , adequacy , knowledge and necessity . 
  the latter is assumed for hunters , security personnel and recreasonal shooters . 
  should you stop your sport , your licence gets revoked . 
  self-defense is not a valid reason for necessity . 
  usage on private property is permitted , when not in use it has to be stored very very safely and it is controlled by random searches . 
  to carry a gun in public , that is not enclosed , loaded and not on route to use on private property , you need a special permit that is essentially impossible to get . 
  personally , i wish we had more permiting gun laws . 
  very few know that our gun laws were largely enacted after ww1 and by hitler to make the population defenseless but oh well . 
  only germans are capable of seeing what happens when the state gets too much power and still trusting it . 
  with similar reasoning i think we should accept ukraine and moldova , in addition to the western balkan states . 
  i hope that you manage to combat corruption . 
  edit : i just looked up bulgaria 's government debt . 
  18 % of gdp ? 
  that is really low . 
  we tried that , did n't work . 
  it is essentially the same as `` hate crime '' with it 's associated problems . 
  violence is violence regardless of the motivation and the latter should not play a major role in conviction . 
  prevention on the other hand may and should focus on motivation . 
  alternative solutions ? 
  maybe i misread the article , but did n't it say that greece still has a primary deficit , meaning that the budget is n't balanced before interest payments ? 
  i wonder what the situation is in the other countries of europe . 
  i know in germany we wanted to start paying off debt next year . 
  good . 
  what do the forecasts say , when will they first be able to pay off debt ? 
  too bad they wo n't join . 
  we could use more sceptic voices in the eu . 
  centralization of power is a great evil . 
  i would like to see this number related to other european countries to have a proper comparison . 
  after all , with sufficiently enough homes even relatively low crime rates lead to high crime frequencies . 
  that those guys are working with you and not in romania should be a first hint . 
  it did n't recover completely , as i tried to show with the statistics . 
  but i hope that the current path of improvement can still be followed . 
  you ca n't deny that poland is in a better state than two decades before . 
  i see your point , i hope you see mine too . 
  europe is not the eu , as you said , just like usa is not north america . 
  but you can not deny that the eu takes a massive influence on europe as a whole . 
   i ca n't build a family on vanishing civil rights . 
  but we have to fight hate crimes , seeing as they are completely different from usual violence . 
  and we have to fight terrorism , those three deaths per year are so much worse than the tens of thousands traffic deaths . 
   i ca n't even build my own financial future on this . 
  how so ? 
  tax raises , increasing government spending , inflation , confiscating deposits , nationalisations only attack the evil , greedy wealthy elite , so you should n't be affected . 
  / s  do n't know where to go though . 
  romania takes privacy seriously . 
  other than that , canada seems a good choice or the nations of south america . 
  linguistic homogenity is a huge plus . 
  half a century have done so much damage on a nation with so much potential . 
  i really hope to see romania do a recovery similar to poland . 
  some statistics : [ human developement index for romania , bulgaria , poland , hungary and germany ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=hdi+germany+poland+hungary+romania+bulgaria ) and [ gdp per capita for the same countries ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=gdp+per+capita+germany+poland+hungary+romania+bulgaria ) . 
  fyi , you now can change the flair text , see for example my own . 
  if you want you can campaign for the text to be shown by default , instead of only when someone hovers over it . 
   from now on it will be `` but we have to do this because of eurocrisis !! '', 
  and nobody will argue because they just want things to get better . 
  a more accurate name would be `` revealing unsustainable governance and sovereign debt practices crisis '' with the obvious solutions associated with this name . 
   united states of europe coming soon !, 
  uk quietly leaving by the backdoor soon !, 
  oh well , i already know english , so i know where to move .
