  tl ; dr : do n't be a uk , relinquish your opt-outs . 
  from ecb 's point of view you `` only '' need to enter erm-2 for two years and make your legislation compatible . 
  but i 'll believe it when i see it . 
  i wonder if any country will join the eurozone at all until 2024 . 
  i am opposed to the name `` european army '' as title of the discussion . 
  everyone has a different notion of what that would entail and therefore they have a knee-jerk reaction `` yay '' or `` nay . '', 
  a much more appropriate title would be `` the issue of european defence . '', 
  from that pov stuff like having a eu command but national militaries and especially enlisted seem way more plausible . 
  i 'll admit i have n't thought very much about that topic but the following years will yield interesting discussions . 
  it seems to me that we 'll have some hybrid solution vaguely resembling the tripartite military of the us with their federal armed forces , their national guard and state defence forces ; the first being under federal control , the second under shared control between the federal and respective state government and the last solely under state control . 
  so apparently a multi-language military can function . 
  what language does the swiss military use ? 
  this is a good point . 
  personaly i draw the analogy to germany where the government is similarly elected without the primary ( which ultimately is only within the party ) and according to protocol the president of parliament is higher than the head of government and receives a higher wage . 
  in either case , it is a bit of a tossup and ultimately irrelevant : neither president is * the * president in any sense . 
  i am still advocating for a something like a directorial system without a singular head of the union . 
  this is more in accordance with the spirit of * united in diversity * . 
  yes , he is both proposed and chosen by parliament to represent the only directly elected body in the eu . 
  the ec president is proposed by the council and elected by the parliament to represent the executive of the eu . 
  ... why ? 
  there is a whole world to explore right here in europe , why look to usa ? 
  i tried skimming the article , does it say in any way what the actual proposals are ? 
  thank you . 
  how so ? 
  can you expand ? 
  exactly . 
  strictly speaking the court of auditors and the european court of justice also have a president each , but for some reason are never mentioned . 
  * the * president ? 
  in the european union we have a grand total of five presidents of institutions with varying degrees of democratic backing . 
  the most relevant are the presidents of the european parliament , the european commission and the european union council , roughly in order of descending democratic backing . 
  the idea that we have a single `` president of the eu '' or a `` the president '' is false and very us american . 
  longer term i am sure we 'll have a similar solution to the swiss , without a single `` head of state '' or `` head of government . '', 
  my point exactly , i forgot the '' / s '' . 
  personally i find it always amusing that people say `` we should tax the rich '' , yet somehow `` the rich '' are almost exactly the people with more income than them . 
  nothing stops a company from fromatting their tos similar to [ this service ] ( https://tldrlegal.com/license/youtube-terms-of-service ) putting legalese on the right and plain terms on the left . 
  i have actually seen a small company do it exactly like that , but ca n't find it at the moment . 
  if we as consumers cared about that kind of stuff , we 'd be offered a simplified but non-binding version of the tos . 
  to put my answer differently : you are right that the tos as a document will not be much simpler by virtue of having to exactly formulate legal concepts , yet the terms can be put in much more plain language such as `` we will give your data away to third parties '' or `` we will never give your data away to third parties . '', 
  wait what ? 
  is there a list of shareholders of reddit ? 
  of course it is dirty , you have to actually contribute directly to the welfare of your fellow humans to get them to contribute to your welfare . 
  also if someone is more successful than you at this kind of contribution , you do n't get part of their contribution . 
  and finally , you are somehow expected to pay for your own stupidity and losses . 
  we ca n't have that . 
  there * is * a place for state regulation and certification but the bitching and moaning about basic market facts and functions is just too much . 
  do n't like it ? 
  do n't buy it !, 
  want it ? 
  pay for it !, 
  there are just too many examples to count or remember , like rising gas prices around holidays . 
  well if you are so sure about rising prices why do n't you just buy canister or two in advance ? 
  or just fill up the tank to the brim ? 
  insurance does n't pay out even though you want it to or it does pay out and increases premium . 
  well what does the document say you signed with them , does n't it specify in really precise language when it does and does not pay out ? 
  or if it is difficult to understand , did you ask for clarification or ( legal ) advice ? 
  it is just so hypocritical sometimes . 
  when a company raises prices it is obviously `` greed '' , but if you go for a raise it just asking to be paid what you are worth . 
  i fail to see the difference sometimes . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the state of the union address and its name is mandated by the lisbon treaty since 2010 . 
  it is not as bad as proposing the name of a pan-european state as * united states of europe * when either * european union * or * european federation * are perfectly fine . 
  i 'd be seriously offended if we called us use in analogy to the us-americans . 
  it gets lonely sometimes . 
  my personal position regarding politics is : 1 . 
  i trust the government so far as i can throw a decently sized rock 2 . 
  if i tell you so , leave me the fuck alone somehow this is despicable . 
  it is always the same damn argument . 
  `` but did you read the tos ? 
  well then the government should help you ! '', 
  nevermind that if people actually cared about the tos companies would make them much more understandable and short . 
  but people do n't care and it somehow is the company 's fault . 
  `` there would n't really be much internet left for people [ ... ] '' well how the hell did we survive five years before this without facebook ? 
  has everyone forgotten how email works ? 
  there is no basic right to social networks . 
  just the same argument as with the new iphone : do n't like it , do n't buy it . 
  `` but all my friends are on facebook ! '', 
  well if all my friends go to this hip place where they only serve meat and i am vegetarian , is it my friends fault or the place 's fault that i ca n't participate ? 
  somehow people are under the impression that it is the place 's responsibility to serve you . 
  just let bulgaria and romania enter schengen already for fucks sake . 
  this is degenerating to `` will they , wo n't they ? '', 
  level of celebrity gossip . 
  to cover the additional cost of enhancing the user experience and protecting the citizens from their own stupidity we 'll also ask for a fee to ensure equal access to social networks . 
  minimum and maximum prices will be instated . 
  just like moldovan pm 's motorcade . 
  considering the difference between czechia and romania is just about 4.3 % , a single year with such a differential in growth will lead to the next jump in ranking . 
  then greece and portugal are not far away , and finland will be the first major hurdle . 
  money quote :  romania is currently only the 17th economy in the european union by the size of its gross domestic product ( gdp ) . 
  romania 's gdp was little over eur 160 billion , in 2015 . 
  austria is currently the 10th economy in the eu , with a gdp of eur 340 billion . 
  to get to top 10 , romania should also surpass other developed economies such as denmark , ireland , and finland , as well as portugal , greece , and the czech republic . 
  what , like a reunion of the austro-hungarian empire ? 
  according to [ these guys ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/romania/remittances ) they send back 121m $ per month , or about ~ ~ 60.50 $ ~ ~ 6.05 $ per month for every resident , assuming a population of 20m . 
  edit : i ca n't maths . 
  it would be , would n't it ? 
  romania and bulgaria have been ready to join schengen for some time now , according to the commission , so there are no formal obstacles there . 
  are there any major opponents to bulgaria joining the eurozone ? 
  they fulfill all formal criteria for joining except for being erm-ii participants for two years . 
  excellent , we need to dry out and finish off organized crime in europe . 
  civil measures like this are an example to be studied by other groups in europe plagued by criminals . 
  only correct variant .
