  also , as you have moving parts maintenance is more difficult . 
  that is , you have similar benefits to solar with many drawbacks of other sources . 
  the only redeeming factor is that sunshine and wind seldom coincide thus making solar and wind complementary . 
  you are correct in your assessment . 
  i just want people to keep in mind that all energy sources have their advantages and drawbacks and a diverse supply guarantees security . 
  because hydro has the advantages of being regulable so that you can produce energy when it is needed and you also can store energy by pumping in more water . 
  you can do neither with most of these other options . 
  if we had a rational energy policy we would be building up hydro to the max , geothermal , nuclear , solar , tidal , wind in roughly that order . 
  thorium reactors should be a grade one research priority as electric cars should be . 
  but alas , nuclear power is evil . 
  there is good news after all !, 
  that the global index fell 5 % is not , but to be honest i care more about europe . 
  first i was scared that i had a drink or two too much ... but then i saw it was n't me . 
  i feel honored . 
  one more search engine : [ yacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yacy ), 
  and people lynch me for suggesting a massive simplification of law . 
  i will consider it . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  i 'm in your age group and my thoughts are the same . 
  at least one of my friends thinks the same , too . 
  i think media overplay the costs ( of any kind ) of having children and underplay the joy of having them . 
  kind of reminds me of the tornado belt in the usa . 
  every year we laugh about the people who voluntarily live there and then we turn around and suffer another flood . 
  good . 
  this means more energy security for europe . 
  we should also think about a gas pipeline to north america . 
  that would depend on the exact exponent . 
  eurostat shows declining gas consumption . 
  germany is phasing out all nuclear power . 
  no fucking way the public will allow it again with the backing of the renewable lobby . 
  still , that is 53 years worth . 
  consider still that the 10 % figure is with today 's knowledge . 
  it is a lot of gas . 
  well , it 's not like we do not have natural ressources in europe , it is that we have extracted everything that is available at today 's prices . 
  a good strategy would be to adopt norway 's model of taxing resources heavily and financing a pension fund through that . 
   that would have the advantage of sorting out the optimum currency area situation . 
  necessarily . 
   but it would have the disadvantage of not allowing countries to use central banks to manage the economy . 
  not true . 
  consider a model in which the government approves a couple of currencies without forcing merchants to accept more than one . 
  one requirement for the acceptance of a currency could be to allow the government some control of it . 
  then again , i do have to think more about if that is necessary . 
  if some currency by design leads to lower unemployment or something people will naturally gravitate to that currency . 
   i think the central bank is a really important technology that does a lot of good . 
  i beg to differ . 
  but as one can not discuss matters of taste - which this ultimately is - i will leave it at that . 
  i 'd argue that we could end the government monopoly on currency , allowing competition in currencies and let the optimum currency area sort itself out . 
  edit : it feels strange to get upvotes for this . 
  for anyone interested , this is equivalent to 530 years worth of gas in the eu as measured in 2011 . 
  source : eurostat . 
  235000ktoe consumption , 500tr ft \u00b3 = 12.5 mio ktoe reserves . 
  we need more police to go after these criminals avoiding to pay their fair share . 
  of course the added cost will be paid for by more taxes . 
  wait . 
  mistake : germany has a different color than turkey . 
  a voice of reason in the intellectual void . 
  i 'd argue that the eu and efta have all benefited greatly from free trade . 
  there is the [ help link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bitcointip/comments/13iykn/bitcointip_documentation/ ) . 
  take a look at it , if you have the time . 
  a failed attempt to tip you . 
  now fixed ,, 
  + / u/bitcointip @bezbojnicul $ 0.10 verify, 
  because else the government would have to come up with schemes to reduce expenditure . 
  and voters do n't like that . 
  certainly . 
  it seems to me that in the eu all countries except for france and uk would very much prefer an isolationist policy . 
  cool , thank you . 
  in other words the citizens can decide about anything relevant . 
  makes me feel bad about the german state as our governments view us as too incompetent to decide about essentially anything . 
  + / u/bitcointip 0,10 $ verify, 
  what is the referendum law like in romania ? 
  are there limits on what can be decided ? 
  what are the requirements for a referendum to be held ? 
  we do n't have referenda on the federal level . 
  all states have some kind of referendum law but in most cases they are a farce because they impose heavy restrictions on what can be voted and how high turnout has to be . 
  if you are able to understand german i can link you an excellent summary of the current state . 
   [ ... ] changing the constitution . 
  good . 
  juristical progress is a facette many countries neglect . 
   referendum law changed . 
  the mere fact that romania has a referendum law but germany has not is sad . 
  but that the hurdles for referenda to pass are now lowered makes me even more sad for germany . 
  we do have a similar campaign [ `` f\u00fcnf am tag '' ] ( http://www.5amtag.de ) . 
  the way i see it , cattle eat grass and so meat is a vegetable concentrate . 
  of course . 
  more freedom means more oppression . 
  yes . 
  do non green-energy sources produce quantifyable negative externalities ? 
  then come up with a payment scheme to compensate for that . 
  ca n't come up with something to compensate massive destruction ? 
  then ban it . 
  they do n't produce negative externaliteis ? 
  then there is no reason to regulate them . 
  do farms generate negative externalities ? 
  since you can guess how this is going , i skip this part and jump to the next . 
  are you worried about food-sercurity , foreign supplies cutting us off ? 
  then ban food imports or massively tax those . 
  actually this is just the externality argument in disguise . 
  see [ this wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_income_guarantee#examples_of_implementation ) . 
  or bread .
