  people always desire a better future for themselves and their children , as such is human nature . 
  moaning about the current state of affairs is part of that . 
  interesting . 
  this has to be used to correct the perceived democratic deficit of the eu . 
  good . 
  does article 48.2 teu also offer possibilities to change the political system to something more sane and democratic ? 
  we are ( part of ) the 1 % , at least on a global scale . 
  this crisis too will pass . 
  we will emerge wiser and stronger , hopefully . 
  simple : you avoid acknowledging the existence of different races in humans - regardless of whether they exist or not . 
  by avoiding racial realism you completeley avoid racism . 
  so in order to live out racist tendencies - they exist , no matter what is right or wrong - people talk about culture or religion , seeing as there is a strong correlation . 
  when these threads prop up - they always do when some article cites the us lamentations - i always suggest to end nato membership in the eu , creating a true common european defence policy and act as a unit . 
  currently some eu nations are nato members , some are not . 
  nato membership forces us to serve us interests , a common eu defence policy can serve mainly our interests . 
  interestingly , this opinion is very controversial , seeing as i usually net zero karma . 
  do you have a source to the actual costs ? 
  i am sure it is much more cost-effective to mint coins of the same denomination . 
  how about 1 $ and 2 $ bills ? 
  just read the article . 
  very beautiful system , ultimately forcing the mortgage issuer to take on a large risk on the mortgage , if i understood correctly . 
  though there is one flaw in this system : it forces too much savings into real estate as compared to foreign , municipal or corporate bonds or stock , leading to much too low diversification . 
  one question though : you mention pension savings . 
  do you have social pensions like we germans where the current generation pays for the elderly or do you have a capital based pension system ? 
  or both ? 
  the interface seems pretty primitive compared to the us counterparts . 
  but i will take a closer look into this . 
  there are some parallels to poland . 
  anyway , being in the russian sphere of influence is actually an argument in favor of association , seeing as a democratic ukraine is massively less likely to be influenced by russia . 
  if they do that , i hope very much that they do something like the norwegian oil fund , preferably with mainly foreign assets to lower correlation with local economy . 
  commodities wo n't be available forever . 
  can you tell me more about those `` fueros '' ? 
  will they break up with spain ? 
  oh and i have a question . 
  if norway 's oil fund holds $ 720g and norway has a population of 5m , does that mean every norwegian is a billionaire ? 
  i do n't know much about this fund of norway . 
  does it just buy assets all over the world from the money raised buy exporting oil ? 
  actually , i do n't know much about institutional investors . 
  what is the difference between a financial and a strategic investor ? 
  how much do these investors do on the board and in the trading room ? 
  great . 
  roaming fees need to die . 
  because how is it possible that i can send a 1080p stream to the east coast of the us from berlin but have to pay ridiculous amount of money for a couple of kilobytes of text from berlin to paris ? 
  if you go by that criterion - level playing field - an artificial langauge ( esperanto , interlingua , latino sine flexione ) or a dead langauge ( latin , ancient greek ) would be more appropriate . 
  i would love to have universal immigration law in the eu akin to the canadian model . 
  strangely , anyone who suggests this in germany is labeled as a racist . 
  ha , we are better than sweden . 
  i would love to see a comparison to other regions of the world . 
  north america is known for huge national parks . 
  to be honest i never understood why we should have to meddle in other state 's affairs . 
  civil war in mali ? 
  do we have some kind of contract that obliges us to help them ? 
  then take all the refugees , wait the storm out and send them back . 
  that is the concept of asylum . 
  i provided the swiss as example since we can use smaller scale models for a possible police on a larger scale . 
  the swiss never participate in a war but take refugees . 
  why is n't that a viable option for europe ? 
  this warrants further argument than `` lol u cunt cmpare switzer wit 8m ppl and urop wit 500m dudes . '', 
  i agree that there are some kinds of interests of the eu like security , both from violence and economic security . 
  diplomacy and technology can provide those though , like finding alternative sources of energy or commiting larger powers to a policy of neutrality , similar to belgium in the last century . 
  ultimately , the us tried to be the world 's police and it did not help their image . 
  europe as a possible world power has a second chance here . 
   well if some country in , say northern africa , collapses you 'll get an exodus of refugees coming into europe . 
  the best way to stop that is to intervene and create stability . 
  same with economic issues - see mali and ( related to that ) attacks on european interests in the region ( oil field for example ) . 
  now seriously , how do the swiss handle it ? 
  i think it could be good model for how the eu should handle international crises , be it refusin asylum or a policy of non-interventionism . 
   i meant how much power would the eu have to direct action . 
  i always assumed the eu will formulate a general response , but the national government would choose if and when to send in their army . 
  the other problem being , of course , that some countries are far more willing to send in their army then other are : will they be dragged along if its through the eu . 
  well , this is what the discussion is about . 
  if there is some kind of unrest in mali , does romania have to send out troops ? 
  thank you , this is a nice answer . 
   we have an interest - both economic and in terms of general stability ( to stop refugee/humanitarian crisises ) - in our neighboring regions . 
  do we ? 
  the swiss seem to fare well with their policy of neutrality . 
   the question is should any intervention be on an eu level or a national level - or on a national level conducted through the eu . 
  i do n't see them coming to an agreement anytime soon . 
  with a common defence policy common action on the eu level is a given . 
  but on principle i think we are stronger united than as single countries . 
  you say you are fore more pooling of eu resourced on defence . 
  can you please provide some arguments for this you found lacking ? 
  some eu members are members of nato and some are not . 
  i think a common defense policy - which we actually have in principle - requires all eu countries to be either pro nato or contra . 
  personally , i think the eu is best served by a neutral policy , similar to the swiss . 
  can someone please say in plain text what this means ? 
  does serbia accept kosovo 's independence ? 
  maybe a strong privacy law will make companies operating in the eu more attractive compared to companies operating in the usa giving a competitive edge . 
  weekly seems more natural . 
  of course after two weeks there is more to discuss but the usual rhythm seems to be weekly . 
  i really like this subreddit . 
  it helps to create a european identity , i learn so much about history , i hear about the struggles in the countries from the point of view of the citizens , then i am surprised to see how different countries call oranges . 
  maybe we should have a couple of periodic threads like this . 
  examples are `` today in europe '' , `` what is current in your country this week ? 
  '' , or the cross posts from / r/mapporn . 
  thank you for restating what i said originally . 
   not that i should have such concerns but such is the human mind . 
  it feels strange . 
  in germany you are not allowed to carry a gun in public as a normal person and have quite strict laws on gun ownership . 
  so when i walk around and see police with guns it feels quite unusual , seeing as there is n't the slightest thing i could do to defend myself .
