  the only major country in the eu that does not recognize its independence is spain out of fear that catalonia et . 
  will seperate too seeing as their situation is pretty similar pre breakoff . 
  fair enough . 
  i completely forgot about transnistria and do not consider south caucasus to be part of europe , at least not in a strict sense . 
  but those are interesting countries and examples for sure . 
  considering that the eu ( that is balkan states not included ) has more people and a higher gdp than either russa or the usa space should reasonably be dominated by europe . 
  pressing ? 
  but colonizing another body is the equivalent of hedging our bets . 
  long-term colonizing space will be profitable and serve to protect humanity from extinction . 
  short-term you are right in that there much more immediate needs though that does not mean that there is no money for space . 
  the existance of multiple needs does not imply that we can only spend on one goal , only that we have to decide how much money to spend on what . 
  in this case , we have to decide which projects are suitable for governmental research and which are not . 
  unasur ccan learn very much from the eu and will have a much easier time than europe in facilitating commong policy and cooperation . 
  i am very happy to hear that other regions of the world have similar integration efforts to europe and applaud them . 
  the next great milestone will be an agreement similar to schengen , that is , free travel , residence and work across all unasur nations . 
  well , we 'll see when people will vote pro-space . 
  until then , nothing will happen . 
  oh i am not saying people are n't fascinated by space . 
  i am saying they are not fascinated enough to be paying out 1bn $ + per flagship mission or not fascinated enough to vote for politicians pushing for space exploration . 
  taking the figure above amounts to less than two bucks per eu citizen assuming a eu space agency . 
  ( note that esa currently is not an agency of the eu but exists separately ) but then people start asking `` why do we spend that money on space when we could spend it on ending world hunger or curing cancer ? '', 
  it shows that these problems matter to people more than space exploration . 
  though seeing the number right now i wonder if space exploration by ngos would n't be a possibility ... 
  of course . 
  there would n't be a deficit if you taxed the rich appropriately . 
  space research is not that inspiring anymore , sadly . 
  people are n't enthusiastic about going to space by robotic missions when money is tight , understandably . 
  long-term i think it would be very important for europe to have independent man-rated access to space , allowing us to leave this planet sooner than later . 
  there are many routes that can be taken from full governmental design to subsidy of private companies . 
  a strategy closer to the latter will be more sustainable long-term as it was with airtravel . 
  a european military massively weakens the sovereignity of the constituent states . 
  leaving control of military at the states ensures a high degree of sovereignity . 
  allowing all eu citizens to join any military facilitates cooperation and reduces risk of eu internal war seeing as a citizen of a country is highly unlikely to attack his homeland . 
  also , there would be competition in the militaries for the members and working conditions . 
  this again gives incentive to harmonize military protocols akin to nato . 
  in sum , this can be either a transition to a european military or a viable state of affairs for a european union of sovereign states . 
  completely forgot about that , though i wanted to add it . 
  edited the main post . 
  time for electric cars and a synthetic oil substitute for all other uses . 
  good points . 
  i thought about the possibility to join foreign with the question of a common defense policy in mind . 
  your point about integration through university is very valid and erasmus is a really great program for the eu . 
  what about albania and bosnia ? 
  any serious obstacles there ? 
  will they join in the next decade ? 
  oh and what about iceland . 
  some time ago those guys wanted to join , too . 
  `` crown dependency '' is quite a weird status . 
  do you guys talk about full sovereignity ? 
  i would like to try dog . 
  but i 'd prefer if it said so on the package . 
  off topic : currently you are a commonwalth . 
  did n't you recently vote for statehood ? 
  when is that going to happen ? 
  i would love to see a 51-star flag . 
  what a lovely country . 
  a testament to europe 's diversity !, 
  besides the mentioned points : transparency and democracy . 
  the eu constitution and important laws are not as clear as national law . 
  people have the feeling that the eu is intransparent and `` far away '' , that they have no say in eu matters . 
  this has to be fixed somehow , either by education or formal reform . 
  do the people of gibraltar desire sovereignity ? 
  or for that matter , what is you legal status ? 
  of course i mean sovereign city-state . 
  being a measly bundesland does not qualify , or do you see bavaria having diplomatic relationships with the vatican ? 
  oh yeah , gibraltar , too . 
  let a thousand nations bloom . 
  though hamburg is not a city-state i would not really mind it being sovereign . 
  some more entities : isle of man , jersey and guernsey . 
  oh and \u00c5land . 
  from my point of view , with the eu being in existence we need more , smaller states , especially city states . 
  just look at how successful hong kong , macau and singapore are . 
  that is why i support secessionist movements of europe . 
  which country ? 
  one of the comments raised a good point : copyright is still per country , meaning that for most countries there wo n't be much to stream . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enclave_and_exclave ) there exists also a third-order enclave : '' a piece of india within bangladesh , within india , within bangladesh . '', 
  and get rid of the commission . 
  currently the eu is just a more contrived version of the german system . 
  adopting this model would also give separatist movements more incentives since they will be represented more directly in the eu . 
  edit : to clarify , the european parliament would be elected purely on proportion ( or some similar system ) whereas the council would be elected statewise . 
  consult [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_germany] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_germany ) too . 
  these posts are getting old . 
  i propose a political model for the eu similar to the german government where the bundestag ( upper house , i think ) is elected directly ( here you have one vote directly for a candidate for you county and one vote for a party , so that seats are distributed 50/50 ) and the landestag ( lower house ) is elected by the leaders of the countries . 
  thus both the people 's individual , the county 's and the countries 's interests are represented . 
  not to forget how deliciously easy it is to curse . 
  more than one year until the referendum . 
  perversely you should hope for a deep recession as that usually facilitates separatist movements . 
  to be honest , i do n't know . 
  according to current opinion polls no classic alliance will have majority , though there still are a couple of months until the election . 
  i think eu policy will be to reduce bailout money either way , only variable is by how much . 
  as already said , the major parties are pro eu , only afd , the newly founded party , is not . 
  the pirate party has no opinion on eu as far as i know and currently no chance of winning . 
  other than that the major parties differentiate themselves by being for raising taxes or lowering them . 
  i would like to see a party that lessens government expenditure and reduces debt but that 's not gon na happen . 
  any other germans willing to offer a summary ? 
  i think he refers to the claim that by separation the nations have less power of vote in the eu , benefiting the larger states , namely germany and france . 
  ultimately more separation means more accurate representation of a people 's will in the eu , if interests diverge as is the case with catalonia and spain proper . 
  that 's what you scots want to do , ultimately . 
  so , except for one or two , only with backwards societies . 
  of course , a democratic europe is a major accomplishment .
