  sounds like i am personally preventing them from entering . 
  if it was up to me , we 'd have the british isles in the schengen zone too and work on expanding it further . 
  this is beautiful . 
  i hope all europeans and maybe one day the whole world can enjoy something like this . 
  sure , why not ? 
  what is the current state for other , non-schengen countries in europe , like ukraine ? 
  i know that there is some talk about a visa-free travel deal with russia but it is certainly not a priority by far . 
  we are talking about unfinished buildings here . 
  ca n't you auction them off in this state , hoping you find someone willing to finish building it so you recuperate some losses ? 
  i can perfectly understand the will of the developers to cut their losses but just plain demolishing it seems silly . 
  this is the prime candidate for some kind of distributed storage system . 
  it would cost me more than 2mio $ to store the data with off-the-shelf parts though i am sure i could get a discount at this scale . 
  having it distributed all over the place could increase redundancy , reduce load on central servers and their links and everyone with some room to spare on their hard drives could contribute to the continuation of science . 
  the library of alexandria should never have to burn again . 
  http://www.reddit.com/1g16kp as linked in the sidebar and every single post in the series . 
  [ discussion of the series in this post please ] ( https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1qog67/series_roundup_discuss_what_happened_how_you/ ) . 
   we have to learn your language . 
  i 'm in the 0.01 % that was actually interested in learning it . 
  i am surprised to hear that quite some people learn german , i thought there was only a major community in alsace but apparently not . 
  [ gender of nouns in german is really easy with clear rules ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/duolingo/comments/1kbp26/german_any_tricks_for_rememberingrecognizing/cbncgww ) . 
   speaks a lovely language , but a pain with the genders to memorise i am always sad to read that people think german sounds angry or that it is ugly . 
  surely that is because of one certain person from a period long gone , not an inherent characteristic of our language . 
   german culture has influenced texas . 
  before the world wars made people move away from their german roots , there was a texan dialect of german [ 1 ] . 
  today it is almost extinct , but people used to be so into german culture that there were magazines in texas that were only printed in german . 
  i am always sad to read that german culture and language was somewhat popular in the united states but i can understand the want to abandon it after ww2 . 
  maybe one day there will be a revival ? 
  i freely admit to being massively biased . 
  germany has its flaws , as do all countries , but i like it very much . 
  good . 
  the night sky is a glorious sight that should be available to all mankind . 
  no no , the argument is that the farmers are much too stupid to deal with changing demand and statistical variation in their yield . 
  you see , financial products that were invented hundreds of years ago specifically to deal with these issues are just too damn hard to deal with so it is better that a central government gives them cash outright . 
  i kind of would support that , along with bavaria . 
  shhh , it represents food security . 
  obviously every single country in the eu is unable to do that themselves . 
  a little separatism in germany , france , uk , spain and italy would massively level the playing field in the eu for other countries, 
  seeing cannabis legalised in several us states makes me sad . 
  it is europe that should work on its profile as a beacon of human rights . 
  sure . 
  we could go the reverse route and bring europe to africa : implement charter cities all over the continent , each protected by one country in exchange for tax revenue in hope to stabilise the surrounding area . 
  tl ; dr : a lot could be gained from an agreement but it does not look like it would happen . 
  looks like quite some countries have a primary surplus . 
  too bad that servicing the debt is so expensive . 
  great . 
  this is the kind of stuff that should be organised by the eu for a better image . 
  trafficking is by definition illegal , so legalising drugs would take care of trafficking over night . 
  they are genius !, 
  key quote :  if it [ ukraine ] moves toward the eu , the old russia of the tsars and the commissars is dead , and what putin called `` the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century '' starts to look permanent . 
  germany will have replaced russia as the dominant power in europe , poland will shift from the frontier of europe toward its heart , and putin will go down in russian history as the man who lost ukraine . 
  i 'll see what the order will be . 
  there is a country you did n't mention . 
   second largest country in europe and also one of the most mountainous . 
  second largest in the eu . 
  two countries outside of the eu are larger . 
  speaking of european beer and knowing this is not the best place to ask , what are the legalities of sending beer in the eu to and from germany ? 
  what if it is a gift and what if i ordered it through a service like amazon.com ? 
  the beer selection in germany outside of the * reinheitsgebot * is quite poor . 
  we are closing in on the grand finale . 
  it 's not funny to see germany seeking italy 's help again . 
  you know what happens when italy ` helps ' in war . 
  i am not sure i get it . 
  paywall . 
  we could slash the eu budget by a little bit more and scrap the dreadful cap . 
  allies have no business spying on allies . 
  all intelligence agencies in the eu should cease all activities on each other . 
  consolidating their activities in some kind of framework , maybe similar to esa , should be contemplated . 
  oh and it is about time that we scrap the * verfassungsschutz * in germany due to massive incompetence . 
  and people say germans ca n't take a joke . 
  the downvotes must be all the italians turning on me . 
  just like old times . 
   trustworthy wartime ally it 's one of the rules of war . 
  along with never invading russia in winter : never trust italy in a war . 
   has a big variety of latin languages that its government is slowly killing nooo . 
  and here i am thinking that more than enough people whine all day , supply outstripping demand . 
  i found it always funny that people cry out against corporate lobbying but fail to see that the increasing complexity of laws and regulations is just the same , only not to the benefit of car manufacturers or agricultural companies but lawyers , tax advisors , accountants and any other function directly connected to the state . 
  people look at me like i 'm crazy when i propose to radically rewrite the law corpus in germany to make it viable to teach the part that will affect most people in school , at least on a voluntary basis . 
  people having rights is a meaningless idea if they ca n't know these rights because the underlying law is so complex and convoluted that we need a special caste , lawyers , to deal with this . 
  note that i am not saying that lawyers are superfluous , they are necessary and provide a vital function in dispute resolution . 
   but then the hundreds of thousands of people necessary to keep the byzantine system working ( well , kind of , at least ) would be without a job ... that is kind of the goal . 
  i always found it interesting that the countries with byzantine tax laws have the biggest shadow employment . 
  maybe if it was n't a giant pain in the ass to properly employ people more employers would register them and pay taxes ? 
  though then you ca n't call it the eu any more . 
  in this proposal why not just split belgium up in wallonia and flanders ? 
  good . 
  on a related note , maybe the uk would be happier in the eea than in the eu ? 
  alright . 
  indeed , just open up markets . 
  was n't there a discussion to turn romania into a federation ? 
  less than a billion euro per six years in foreign aid there ? 
  heck , if we can buy their love that cheaply i say we * increase * our aid . 
  profit from the deterioating opinion of the us and promote the eu abroad . 
  according to kremlin the uk is an irrelevant isle state . 
  well i 'm sorry if i offended you . 
  what i meant to say was that i tried to mix larger states between the smaller ones but now i 'm just ticking off the smaller ones to leave the biggest for last . 
   also what do europeans know about non-european countries could be interesting . 
  now that sounds interesting and like a candidate for another series . 
  well thank you . 
  * blush *, 
  corrected , thanks .
