  i am especially surprised how `` suddenly '' all these voices pro defence union and eu military are popping up . 
  wonder what progress we will have by 2020 . 
  according to [ this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agencies_of_the_european_union ) , no agencies . 
   the uk will have to comply with european regulations if it wants to keep the european pharmaceutical agency in london , without which pharmaceutical companies will leave the uk . 
  having a eu agency outside of eu territory inacceptable . 
  both the medicines agency and banking authority have to be moved out of british territory . 
  so far croatia , slovakia , romania , bulgaria , cyprus do not have any agencies and could use one . 
  ( although cyprus is out of the question for security reasons and romania , bulgaria , croata are not schengen members . ), 
  yes , the us government has the ec literally by the balls through microsoft . 
  just wait until you realize how far the control of the chinese goes since they control the processors !, 
   our problem is that our forests are growing and taking over other biomes . 
  is n't that just a return to the state europe was in before humans essentially deforested the whole continent ? 
  correct , proprietary software threatens reproducibility in public institutions and this argument runs parallel to the sciences where proprietary code or even just unpublished code makes reproduction more difficult . 
  having government-commissioned software under an open licence seems completely reasonable and natural , considering we * just * decided that all eu funded scientific publications have to be freely accessible . 
  using proprietary software threatens government independence from any particular company as it can by legal means prohibit or disrupt other companies from servicing the system it sold . 
  open software , however , can , in theory , be developed and serviced by anyone . 
  electronic voting without open software and open hardware rund counter to the democratic process as we understand it , at least in germany , where we require accountability and insight to the voting process . 
  anyone can just walk into a voting place and witness the voting process and understand it - even after the fact . 
  proprietary systems prohibit this , a hypothetical open source cryptographic system could even * increase * insight and checks on voting if you publish the whole corpus of cryptographically masked votes . 
  i do not , however , advocate introducing them at this point , physical votes are way too cheap , easy and all the bugs are ironed out . 
  one last thing . 
   ms reda also explained how medical devices running proprietary software posed a health hazard for patients . 
  she gave the example of a woman with a pacemaker who collapsed while climbing some stairs due to a bug in her device . 
  doctors and technicians had no way of diagnosing and correcting the problem as they did not have access to the code . 
  it is pretty ridiculous to assume that the average physician or even a cardiologist would be able to diagnose and fix a bug in embedded software . 
  although here we again run into the argument of possibly publically funded software being closed and not open and scientific reproducibility being hindered . 
  that article was a rollercoaster ride . 
  excellent ideas mixed with really shit ideas , but i am glad that these questions are being tackled . 
  still , the two go hand in hand , as the purpose of a military ultimately is border protection , although not necessarily at the border itself . 
  a common border and coast guard is only useful against essentially unarmed threats , however a military operating hand in hand can aid in defending against any threat . 
  the argument from common borders thus follow for military , too . 
  indeed , any state function related to border protection and freedom of movement necessarily applies to the eu , too , such as common border protection , military force and policing . 
  picking and choosing is rather senseless . 
   currently a much better idea would be to create a eu coast guard to patrol the mediterranean . 
  why not both ? 
  i think the two go hand in hand . 
  compare with the us where the coast guard is one of the military branches . 
  so , the solution would be to kill the regulation ? 
   these limitations are in place to avoid that * people can get cheaper phone contracts from other eu states * and permanently live with them in their home country . 
  mine ] and that is bad how ? 
  if i get a cheaper contract from a company in estonia than in germany , why should i be forced to pay more for the exact same service ? 
  is this some perverted kind of price differentiation ? 
  if you 're young ( < 25 ) you most certainly will see at least estonia , slovenia and czechia catch up , assuming current performance predicts future performance . 
  the problem is not with paying them . 
  insofar as they provide a valuable service , as they do in the form of updating the standards , it stands to reason that they should be paid . 
  the problem arises when you elevate the standards to a requirement to introduce a product into the market . 
  we are not talking about a private company , say a grocery chain or an electronics retailer , requiring certification , but a state actor requiring compliance . 
  in the former case you can choose another channel to sell your stuff , in the latter case you are effectively barred from market access unless you pay the tax to this private actor to even know what your product is allowed to look like . 
  i consequently avoid using inches ( or the german equivalenz * zoll * ) to some annoyance of my acquaintances . 
  however no one told me how it is reasonable to give display size in inches but width , height and breadth in mm . 
  or how it is reasonable to give the diameter of a hose in inches but the length in meters . 
  or the diameter of a tire in inches but the box it comes in in cm . 
  i see it as my own little contribution to metrification . 
  france has privately operated highways , dutch schools mostly are non-government and mail is completely private in germany . 
  i am amazed again and again how people can be convinced that government institutions provide better service than a functioning free market . 
  elections ? 
  why the negative outlook ? 
  so 92 % of romanians that left the country went to germany ? 
  that seems quite unlikely . 
  so , essentially , chinese investors are so interested in putting their money outside of china , in this case poland , that they are willing to nominally loose money ? 
  if there were plenty of investments available outside of china for chinese investors , poland would have to pay higher interest , i guess . 
   interest rate in euro is -0.173 % how is that possible ? 
  so , apparantly i suck . 
  what is the difference ? 
  or , to be more precise , what is so relevant about the bond being issued in china ? 
  [ i do n't think so . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/britain-issues-western-worlds-first-sovereign-rmb-bond-largest-ever-rmb-bond-by-non-chinese-issuer ), 
  i 'm rather curious : does anyone actually publish the book now ? 
  because there seems to be no law against it and no copyright on it . 
  a neo-nazi , savvy businessman or activist could just print it and sell it no problems , right ? 
  does someone keep track on how many heads of state and heads of government call for a joint european military ? 
  it seems to me that in the last few months the calls have been increasing . 
  also what about a common border defence ? 
  please do n't make an organizational mess and be orderly , please do n't make an organizational mess and be orderly , please do n't make an organizational mess and be orderly ... 
  remember that armenia is also a member ? 
  why would you , what does the eeu even do except occupy space on wikipedia ? 
  how is it not on topic ? 
  both the eeu and part of turkey lie within europe . 
  the move would also be of extraordinary geopolitical importance considering turkey 's existing alliances . 
  remember that armenia is also a member ? 
  why would you , what does the eeu even do except occupy space on wikipedia ? 
   there is actually a growing movement in the states specifically about this . 
  if it actually gets off the ground it would be fun to watch . 
  what exactly do they hope to achieve ? 
  i am not sure i understand . 
  it 's always a question of roi considering risk from the pov of the investor . 
  lower risk , that is a better regulatory environment can compensate some higher tax , but reducing taxes is just the most straightforward method . 
  also , if the other factory in town has the same deal , why would n't a worker do one shift at one factory for half time and same pay , then go to the other factory for `` the other half time '' and overall get double pay ? 
  competition on a market is just such a powerful tool to squeeze margins and discover prices . 
  i mean , what else do people expect ? 
  encourage capital investments by not taxing capital gains and dividends , then stand astonished as investors build factory after factory . 
  there have been crippled attempts in the past . 
  ideally there 'd be a standard requirement for legally binding digital signatures and digital identification systems for the whole of eu/eea/efta and the member states implement it in a way they deem fitting . 
  that way any online service in the eu could securely have binding contracts with whomever . 
  mainly i am interested in replacing bureucrats in the government by it systems . 
  for example in germany there are still plenty of things you have to do per physical mail or where you have to physically go to the bureau . 
  it would be great if you could get those things just done from the comfort of your home and not write the same damn information in each and every form that exists . 
  i suppose you need to be a-resident to be p-resident , not just e-resident . 
  hopefully this will lead to something like the estonian digital signature in germany , though i am doubtful given the historical success rates of the german governments in this respect . 
  the way i see it , they could just increase the amount of income that is free from taxation by way more than inflation and/or lower vat to boost consumption .
