  / r/europe , you can do better . 
  right in the guilt . 
  it is not that funny . 
  you need to make an album of these with recipes . 
  do all european countries !, 
  one day i 'll be able to travel to russia too without a visa . 
  i want to know , why do so many icelanders want to complete negotiations but not join the eu ? 
  what is the benefit of completing negotiations and then not joining ? 
  for comparison , the total population of iceland is about 320 ' 000 people . 
  opinions seem to be quite mixed about if this is an actual clean-up of the country or just a measure to remove political competition . 
  i hope it is the former . 
   does this apply for the federal elections as well , or just the european ones ? 
  only european . 
   if just the european ones , why are the two scenarios treated differently ? 
  in the federal case the argument goes that removing the hurdle will lead to excessive fragmentation of parliament . 
  according to spiegel the ruling states that if things should change in the eu parliament and this minor fragmentation should play a role in building majorities , the constitutional interpretation might change . 
  i think this argument is bullshit , other countries can make do without such a hurdle or a lower one . 
  fact is that 8 million of german voters had their votes ignored in the last federal elections because of the damn 5 % hurdle , which in practice is nothing else than a barrier to entry for new parties . 
   what about a 5 % hurdle , like in the federal elections ? 
  the 5 % hurdle was introduced some time ago , repealed and reduced to 3 % . 
  now the court ruled that any such artificial hurdle is too high for european elections . 
  this [ german spiegel article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/verfassungsrichter-kippen-dreiprozenthuerde-fuer-europawahl-a-955704.html ) has a diagram in it to show how seats would be distributed if there was no hurdle in the last election . 
  i 'll need to learn more about it to decide that but a cursory reading seems fine . 
  international law can be strange as there are only customs but no actual rules in these situations . 
  if a country becomes annexed by an eu member of course that territory becomes eu territory and the citizens eu citizens as the old country and citizenship cease to exist . 
  this is a theoretical possibility with moldova . 
  though there is no precedent i know of about a country splitting of again and then assuming all old treaties . 
  correct ... ah no , he is right . 
  damnit that is the same mistake . 
  ok then , i agree with him . 
  i 'll try to avoid saying ` correct ' . 
  where is the clip from ? 
  correct . 
  i ca n't see how people do n't understand this . 
  now this discussion becomes more interesting than `` downvote , it 's the ` i-hate-english ' - guy again '' . 
  in a more ideal world , should they speak in any of the working languages ( english , french , german ) , any of the official languages ( 24 in total ) or any language recognised in the eu ( who knows how many ) ? 
  though the german voting system puts a twist on this : a party has to get 5 % of all votes to be part of the * bundestag * ( parliament ) or 3 % to be part of the eu parliament . 
  a complaint against the latter is placed with the supreme court and a decision should be announced this wednesday . 
  the effect of this is to give people a disincentive to vote for a new party . 
  most notably this was relevant in the last election where the fdp lost their seats in the * bundestag * and afd did n't get in , both by very small margins . 
  it 'll be a bad blow to linguistic pluralism if everyone speaks in english . 
  i do n't know the particulars of the us system . 
  but such a bi-cameral system helps to avoid that the people of one state get fucked over and it allows to take statewide action through the chamber representing the federation . 
  it works for germany with its 16 states , austria with its 9 states and switzerland with its 26 cantons . 
  actually the swiss model might be quite something for europe , much direct democracy , federal system , focus on equal representation , lingual pluralism , the most populous canton has 800 times the population of the smallest ( germany has 200 times the population of malta ) ... looks like i 'm going to study the political system of switzerland . 
  in germany we have a bi-cameral system where one chamber represents the people and one chamber represents the states , at least in theory . 
  i think something like that could work for the eu too . 
  stuff like this might help with the perception that the eu is highly undemocratic . 
  while there are in fact valid points to be criticised , the parliament holds quite a bit of power and is directly elected . 
  however there was and is virtually no debate - at least in germany - about the parties up for election , their policies , candidates and so on . 
  no bill boards , no ads in television , nothing . 
  as usual , more detailed statistics give a more complete picture of the situation . 
  and different numbers play a major role in different situations . 
  the two economies ' growth rates will be more closely correlated when ttip goes through . 
  this is the eurozone , not the whole eu , so it is not certain . 
   * if * a strong anti-eu showing brings about a genuine debate of the problems of the union , then i welcome it . 
  agreed . 
  there are problems of the union but completely withdrawing is not an option . 
  we have to discuss these problems and actually fix them . 
  personally i think we should introduce more elements of direct democracy to the eu , its institution and its member states . 
  people feel ignored , maybe this can fix it . 
  in any case it is fascinating to see international law work for a change . 
  assuming they actually find yanukovych . 
  very fair view . 
  i remember seeing a few years ago a news item where some really sick man was wheeled to court . 
  judging from the video footage he was barely alive , attached to a thousand medical devices and unable to move without external assistance . 
  this picture was quite sickening . 
  there is absolutely no justice in punishment here except for the formal statement that this person was in fact guilty of the crimes they are accused . 
  if we had a regular death penalty for crimes tried by the icc the line would fit better . 
  but alas the only punishment is incarceration . 
  so we have to make do with the above formulation . 
  and taken was awesome . 
  schindler really showed those albans how to get shit done . 
  well the only thing the icc can investigate in this case are crimes against humanity and i do n't think that the systematic nature required for that are fulfilled in this case . 
  would it have also been an option to defer to a european court instead of the icc ? 
  it is so exciting to see this all play out . 
  justice ? 
  not really . 
  but this sets a precedent for any future criminal : we will find you and we will prosecute you . 
  only death will release you . 
  is this the first time something like this happened ? 
  how are accession talks going in the balkans ? 
  remember that when ttip concludes there will be free trade agreements between all of efta , eu , usa , canada and mexico . 
  i do n't know whether there are agreements between the major anglophone countries , but given that there are not the former set seems to be a more likely candidate for extending the eea to a north atlantic economic area . 
  pity though that relations between the west as defined above and russia/cis seem to be worsening . 
  including them in a comprehensive deal could very well boost the economies of all countries involved . 
  thank you . 
  what about the second part , connecting the wages to the development of wages in germany ? 
  that would actually be quite interesting . 
  taking the coursera course too ? 
   mps raised their wages and connected the future wage to the development of wages in germany link please , i did not follow the news this week . 
  as i started learning russian i became more and more interested in russia 's history , culture and all things russia . 
  what i then noticed is that there is massive propaganda going on in the west against russia for whatever reason . 
  pictures like these feed the picture of russia as a poor , backwards country , far from europe with no history of great scientific achievement or military tradition . 
  maybe this phenomenon is benign and similar to how we depict us americans as fat and stupid : as we are not rooted in that particular location and culture , we tend to notice the outliers more and see them as typical member of the group . 
  first , / u/occultist 's remark was n't directed against taxation in general but against tax revenue used for charity . 
  his position , i think , is that he is quite willing to help the poor in the developing countries , but not willing to have this money taken from his involuntarily . 
  second , there are coordination problems that a government can solve that are very difficult to solve in absence of it . 
  necessitating sole benefit to the tax payer is not sufficient for denying the government any role . 
  an example is a government purely restricted to protecting private property excising a flat tax under the assumption that protection costs are proportional to income .
