  or cheese . 
  it all comes down to average national preferences . 
   mainly , cost for private sector goods - especially unforgoable regular cost like rent , water , electricity - will rise to largely capture surplus , not reducing the working week . 
  the almost canonical [ canadian example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mincome ) saw a reduction in time spent working under certain conditions . 
  then again , reducing time worked is a complex issue seeing as there are fixed costs for the employer per employee thus incentivising him to longer the work week , ultimately allowing reduction of working hours by law . 
  but this is an other issue altogether . 
   secondary , subsidies , while we can all agree they are allocated wrongly , are one of the few regulatory mechanisms a government has in a market-oriented society . 
  it takes a lot of trust in economic fairytales to imagine a society running without it . 
  in this context i meant subsidies as in direct payments to any individual . 
  examples are direct student aid , child aid , long-term unemployment aid . 
   i love the experimenting with the idea , even if it 's only to slaughter some holy cows of the western world , but i do n't see it 's practical . 
  there have been some real-world experiments . 
  i propose further testing in smaller states like estonia . 
  not because i hate estonia but because less people are affected by a grave mistake and smaller governments can react faster to new information . 
  as in scrapping all subsidies ? 
  yes . 
  yes please . 
  i do know almost nothing about the program on eu level . 
  then again , the parliament may not propose law . 
  maybe we should change that ? 
  then again , we can and should talk about welfare reform . 
  one possibility that was also discussed in usa and experimented with regionally in canada is a basic income . 
  friedman ( nobel laureate ) proposed this in the form of a negative tax if your income is below a certain bound . 
  combined with scrapping any other direct subsidy this greatly reduces unnecessary cost and thus the price of welfare . 
  exactly . 
  when you do n't use the car , why should it stay put ? 
  it can take people places !, 
  self-driving cars !, 
  no need for parking , just send it away to where it does n't bother people . 
  also probably much safer , saving energy and people 's time . 
  if they really want to reduce the rate of smoking they should force the companies to produce coffin-shaped boxes . 
  that being said , it 's not the government 's business to influence how much anyone should smoke . 
  disclosure : i never smoked in my life . 
  ultimately because the members of the eu do not agree on the nature of the eu . 
  is it a federation striving for us like integration ? 
  not really , or else there were n't national embassies and citizenships . 
  is it a loose collection of nations ? 
  not really either , else we would n't have eu citizenship , free movement and a host of other rights and institutions . 
  edit : [ european citizen initiative `` let me vote '' ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/citizens-initiative/public/initiatives/ongoing/details/2013/000003 ), 
  compromise : split the european part of turkey off and let it join , leave the rest in asia . 
  as a thought experiment at least it would be viable . 
  assuming this is not a joke i am very curious about what would happen . 
  not in a `` fuck you , britain ! '', 
  way but in a purely academic way , regardless of what you believe would happen . 
  either it goes well or it goes bad , either way we would learn very much . 
  i will post croatia mid june so there is some proximity to eu accession . 
  wow , this got more responses than i anticipated . 
  suggestions for the next country or region go here . 
   as long as they are investing in stuff they might look into hiring a meteorologist . 
  i have a feeling that it might snow in the coming winter , if they hire an expert who could lend some more weight to my unprofessional suspicion they might actually prepare for snowfall and not act all surprised the next time it happens ... or when it rains . 
  or when the sun shines too much . 
  or when the sun does n't shine enough . 
  or when it 's windy . 
  it 's not that i am looking for more places to do but to have roughly equal amount to talk about . 
  there is only so much you can say about andorra compared to either france or spain . 
  i will consider your input though . 
  i suppose that when the threads are posted someone who is knowledgable will come along and tell us all . 
  in my experience if any country is discussed a couple of people from there will appear and set things straight . 
  that being said , i wanted to treat the smallest nations in one go , that is vatican , san marino , monaco , liechtenstein , andorra . 
  though i suppose i can change my mind . 
  i am not sure about how to treat faroe , greenland , gibraltar , those two military bases on cyprus , norway 's weird autonomous region , isle of man , the channel islands , ... 
  i guess i 'll just wing it . 
  obviously people like this idea . 
  first thread will be posted tommorow . 
  holy crap . 
  what city is this in ? 
  why exactly wo n't the serbs accept kosovo 's independence ? 
  and what is the current status , is kosovo recognized as independent state by the government or is it still just a rebellious region ? 
  still no argument to ban them . 
  everyone should have the right fuck themselves up . 
  i honestly had to look up some facts about armenia on wikipedia . 
  i hear no news , forget it when listing european countries and have not learned facts about it in school . 
  3.2 m people , huh . 
  maybe we should have a series of posts where people can write about the respective , preferably smaller , less known , countries of europe . 
  an interesting aside : with the concept of eu citizenship automatically acquired by citizenship in any of the member states the individual member states ' citizenship laws are undermined . 
  maybe we should harmonize our citizenship laws ? 
  in other words , i will have to do more research . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  there are so many interesting languages , both artificial and natural , and no time learn even a fraction of them . 
  i am asking out of curiosity : do you know lojban ? 
  and why do you consider esperanto ill-designed ? 
  the main advantage from esperanto is it 's ridiculously easy grammar . 
  it makes it easier to teach children the definition of subject , object , etc. 
  i can only upvote people who promote esperanto . 
  do you speak it yourself ? 
  i am currently researching the [ propedeutic value of esperanto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propedeutic_value_of_esperanto ) and it really helps learning foreign languages . 
  dual use as official language of the eu should only enhance approval of teaching it in elementary schools . 
  all while getting a handjob . 
  but what did we replace ? 
  what was there that is n't anymore ? 
  you seem to evade this question . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  please read my post in a friendly and curious voice . 
  this does n't sound like a characterisation of german culture , more a a description of where to find it . 
  you mentioned jeans as pants . 
  what did we wear before ? 
  or headscarfs . 
  what are typically german foods ? 
  what is typically german music ? 
  when i ask these questions i usually get folk songs - i do n't like them - or some meat dominated food stuff which is a really recent invention .
