i 've been to athens only for 2 days in 2010 thanks to the fucking eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull . 
  when i saw the title i imagined it would be in syntagma square . 
  i clicked the link and it was exactly where i imagined !, 
  so you 're a fan of the lower pay and people living/working in shitty conditions ? 
  i guess yo also know that most employers now hire syrian refugees without any legal trace because they pay much less and they know that the refugees wo n't complain and the gov will turn a blind eye to any illegality when syrians are involved ... 
  turkey is no where near that level . 
  the minimum wage was 949 try ( $ 303 ) until 1.1.2016 and was raised to 1300 try ( $ 415 ) thanks to the efforts of the opposition . 
  industry leaders opposed to the raise an demanded that the government should pay half of the difference . 
  the government yielded to this request a agreed to pay half of the difference for one year only . 
  aside from this , the unions are like jokes and people work in horrible conditions often accept all the abuse and mobbing because unemployment is at an all time high and there 's an army of unemployed people who are willing to accept the ridiculous minimum . 
  i just realized that because of this , on the longest day ( june 21 ) the sunset at la coru\u00f1a is 11 minutes later than stockholm which is 16 degrees norther !, 
  how do you explain [ this ] ( http://lightstorage.laprovinciadicomo.it/mediaon/cms.newlaprovinciadicomo/storage/site_media/media/old_media/2012/04/cache/352867_5649924_20120429_2_17429726_big_story_linked_ima.jpg ) then ? 
  i 've been to slovenia two weeks ago . 
  before going my brother asked me what slovenia was famous for , i could n't answer then . 
  do n't have a clear one now either . 
  i 'd say bled !? 
  otoh . 
  lol i actually bought an adidas roteiro matchball replica during euro 2004, 
  if you 're not imposing ( maybe not the correct word but could n't find a better one ) a sub-context , what is the purpose of preparing a map in the first place ? 
  why divide by population ? 
  you could just provide number of performances by country so monaco would n't be absurdly classified as # 1 i checked your source and has a link that says `` statistics '' and has nothing that looks remotely like the thing you have posted . 
  i have no problem what so ever with people who genuinely like opera . 
  i do n't like people who go to opera who are socially constrained to make an appearance or who are trying to be part of a group they do n't belong . 
  i will probably get downvoted to oblivion but what does this actually mean besides the obvious title ? 
  can we really do some shallow observation about the culture level of a country based on this ? 
  opera is a medium bound to die and kept alive by a select elite . 
  i am pretty sure those people do n't like it either . 
  ask people in italy what they think about puccini , they will all say that he is a genius ( which is correct ) and they love his work ( which is a big lie that they 're nationally obliged to say ) . 
  none will be able to tell you when was the last time they saw one of his operas . 
  maybe it served a purpose on its time but entertainment has evolved and there is very little space ( if any ) for opera . 
  tl : dr ; i do n't think this is the right metric to measure a country 's art appreciation . 
  it 's all very impressive but i have a question ; are these 150 finely selected images or do they really represent the average landscape of the country ? 
  * disclaimer : i do n't mean to stir some pots , i 'm just curious . 
  i doubt this is just malpensa traffic . 
  there are direct flights from linate and bergamo as well . 
  i 'd say bergamo was equally congested if not more ( ryanair effect ), 
  i used to live 3km from chiasso , i 've heard all sorts of tales about how ticinesi hate italians working there and taking all the money away from the country etc. 
  strange enough , our supermarket 's parking was flooded by ti licence plate cars ... 
  since we all love star wars , why not star wars day ? 
  ( may the fourth ) 1st of may is already an official holiday so in the worst case scenario ; 1st of may is friday and may the fourth is monday so we have a 4 day block . 
  the best case scenario is ; 1st of may is tuesday and may the fourth is friday so with only 2 days off work we can have a 6 day vacation and with 3 days off work we can have a mind-blowing 9 days off !, 
   frontier workers who log on at home every day can not be considered to be engaged in anomalous , permanent roaming . 
  but considering these people have wifi at home , they will use the major part of their data plan abroad . 
  and since they 're not in the eu , it 's gon na stay that way . 
  what about kangaroos from s\u00fcdtirol ? 
   national football teams color - blue germany , holland and england national teams use colors that are not present on their flags as well, 
   it 's much more comfortable than a frecciarossa i would n't go that far, 
  valid point , but you do n't shake hands with the left hand . 
  maybe i am over-analyzing it ... 
  i do n't get why the left hand though ? 
  cartoonists are usually very careful with these things and if it 's a mistake the image can be mirrored without any problems . 
  is it a reference to the british doing things differently ? 
   an idiot abroad my favorite show, 
  nikola sounds ( and looks ) more like slavic to me . 
  you got a source on that ? 
  i really want to know if there is a correlation between climate and mustaches ... 
  oh i guess that explains why i see so many alfa romeo 's in belgium . 
  unnecessary use of title case and the wordart is also worrying . 
  am i the only one who 's bothered by it being upside down ? 
  you 're right about pre-flight checks and the psychological effect on the passengers but that 's about it really . 
  they already ditched the third pilot in the recent past . 
  i 've met pilots who told me how they wished for cross winds because it lets them disable ils and ` play with it ' and i genuinely believe that software can nail a crab landing much better than any pilot . 
  i watched a good amount of airplane crash investigation and there has been cases where pilots crashed the aircraft due to being in doubt of the readings from the instruments . 
  needless to say there 's also been cases where they crashed by over trusting the instruments and automation . 
  with or without pilots , planes are gon na crash and it 's always gon na be someone 's fault . 
  with the current technologies , remote flight is possible even on a commercial level and when you think about it , a pilot does quantifiable work rarely exceeds 1 or 2 hours regardless of the distance . 
   but tbh i have little doubt the autopilot will drive more safely than 99.9 % of drivers as a software engineer , this is why i gave up the idea to become and airline pilot . 
  i 'm pretty sure those people will be unemployed in 10 years . 
  probably bus and truck drivers will follow them . 
  i just wrote what the girl told me . 
  she was working in the billund airport as a part time job and was about to graduate . 
  maybe it 's her hobby and she lies to random lego enthusiast . 
  how would i know . 
  i 've met this girl when i was hitch-hiking in denmark and she told me that she wanted to stay in the university and take the academic route . 
  i do n't really remember what her field was but when i asked why she said that the government had lower tax rates for the academic personnel and most young people are preferring to stay in school rather than working in the private sector where they 'll face a massive tax cut . 
  so it did n't really surprise me to see dk in second place . 
  also , suck it france !, 
  oh wait ... by the way , i ca n't wait to read the traditional fi/nl comments . 
  reminds me of the first stage of the game ` colin mcrae rally ' . 
  that was finland though . 
  which is also like the oldest running joke in the country . 
  if you ask people what are the balkans famous for , most people will answer ' a mass of cold air ', 
  even though i understand you completely , your examples do n't really apply to this case . 
  the images you linked above are from the back of the packages of cosmetic products . 
  the producer just places them to be nice . 
  it 's not an obligation . 
  for those packages can also see examples like nl/be or fr/ch/be or even gb/ie . 
  the case with cigarettes however is different . 
  it is a legal obligation . 
  its rules are clearly specified in the official gazette . 
  if the law says it should be written in three languages , it will be written in three languages . 
  do you think r. j. reynolds executives are happy with this ? 
  do you think the graphic designer who finalized the design did n't cringe before hitting the save button ? 
  if there 's anyone to blame here , it 's the law makers . 
  this only happened either because they wanted it or they are highly incompetent . 
  switzerland for example has regional laws so every canton has this message in a single language . 
  [ belgium ] ( http://tabac-boutique.com/178-large/philip-morris.jpg ) prints all three . 
  [ luxembourg ] ( http://fr.academic.ru/pictures/frwiki/67/cartouche_de_marlboro_vendue_au_luxembourg.gif ) prints two , leaving out their own language . 
  can we have a ~ ~ mod ~ ~ ** bot ** that auto-replies this every time someone asks this question in a turkey related post ? 
  i mean it 's entertaining at first to read all the responses but after a while it gets boring .
