this process is so arbitrary . 
  are you willing to spend up to a year training syrian/iraqi/wherever-else natives to interrogate and to make a judgement on the story without letting emotions affect them ? 
  * what if the interrogator is in a bad mood and deports an actual refugee ? 
  * what if something about the other person ticks him off and he once again deports an actual refugee ? 
  * what if he really clicks with some charismatic/sociable jihadist fuck ? 
  * what if the process becomes corrupted with some interrogators threatening people with deportation if they do n't pay up/do shit ? 
  so many things that could go wrong . 
  you need a scientific method behind it . 
  i 'm personally all for open borders world wide . 
  people would flow much more easily from markets with no jobs to markets needing workers , leaving places with saturated economies in search of a better opportunity at places with many jobs available . 
  eventually enough would to `` unsaturate '' markets , let it grow such that when another market somewhere else saturates , you have this market ready to accept workers . 
  this on a global scale would change things big time . 
  you 're viewing this too myopically . 
  take a step back and see the bigger picture . 
  every single person entering the country is one additional consumer in the german economy . 
  they 'll be generating commerce by simply existing . 
  at first , part of the money will come from the government/taxpayer , which i think is a better use of the money than for example weapons . 
  eventually people will get jobs . 
  you 'll get a few outliers that 'll prefer to suck the state 's teat and that 's fine . 
  but on the other hand , you 'll have a vast majority who will eventually start working , maybe for other syrians , maybe some will start servicing other refugees , there are many different possibilities . 
  these are people stimulating the economy , reinvesting money in buying firms ' products from the market , etc. . . 
  this is good . 
  companies that sell halal food must be jerking off at all the money they 're gon na make . 
  '' zey are not victims if zey volunteerrr , you zee ? 
  i 'll bet my ass you have ancestors that at one point were immigrants . 
  every single human does . 
  why the hate for wanting a better life ? 
  why ? 
  which one do you have ? 
  definitely not reliable . 
  i moved around a lot as a kid , and my spanish accent is a mix of several countries . 
  does that suddenly mean i 'm not spanish ? 
  i bear no ill will towards rt , and i 'm a marxist . 
  i count it as just one of many news sources , from bbc , to aljazeera , to cnn , to presstv , to cctv , to npr , to alternet , to democracy now ! , la sexta and some others . 
  each source has it 's own bias . 
  hell , most american news station are pure propaganda , not just fox news . 
  i suggest you read noam chomsky 's manufacturing consent . 
  how many big western sources denounced the east timor genocide funded by the west ? 
  well , the recent greek debacle really got germany high on itself . 
  they are quite literally powertripping . 
  i 'm constantly reminded of the similarities between germany and the usa . 
  i say this as someone who grew up in the states and lived 3 years in nrw . 
  it 's incredibly easy to lie with statistics . 
  you do n't need an unexpectedly high number to be non-native swedes for there to be a negative backlash . 
  a few token cases with heavy media publicity , which would n't be hard with the backing of some willing affluent conservatives , and you have a big problem in your hands . 
  hispanics in miami could be muslims . 
  i lived there almost 10 years and probably met a grand total of 7 non-hispanic americans . 
  it 's quite literally a cultural island . 
  to reinforce racism ? 
  as someone ( in spain ) that knows plenty of gypsies you 're a fucking racist idiot . 
  that 's a tautological non-answer . 
  like saying `` humans breathe '' . 
  ** why should a country be against having immigrants ? 
   i would n't call that a little bit , an ad hominem is a personal attack meant to discredit someone 's opinion . 
  i know perfectly well what an ad hominem is , i mean , i did use the actual term in my previous post . 
  but it 's only a little bit because i was n't debating your point in my previous comment , just genuinely perturbed by your point of view . 
   it is plain realism unfounded claim . 
   we simply ca n't take everyone in , it will cause problems unfounded claim . 
  -------------------------------------------------------- i 'm an uncommon case in that i 'm a white south american ( my family is from europe ) so i managed to flee venezuela and live some years in the usa and europe . 
  i 'm always baffled by the anti-immigration positions . 
  they would mean i would 've probably died years ago mugged in a corner in caracas or something of the sort . 
  many europeans do n't consider me an immigrant since i 'm full-blood european , but i 'm shocked by that . 
  i contributed nothing to where i was born or who my ancestors fucked , i deserve no more or no less than any other human . 
  i 'm all for open borders , the international immigrant market would eventually settle by laws of supply and demand . 
  if a country has a saturated job market , people can leave easily to other countries with job opportunities , then said country would stabilize and eventually need labor ( skilled or unskilled ) and so on . 
  things would balance out because you 're not forcing people to stay in or out of countries . 
  i 'm a communist . 
  merkel has nothing in common with me . 
  she 's your typical german conservative . 
  japanese are known for being notoriously xenophobic . 
  i was an otaku/japanophile in my younger and remember when i was planning on moving to japan of how hard the gaijin life is . 
  not trying to say foreigners are slaves or anything like that , but it 's harder to be a foreigner in japan than in a european country for example . 
  explain why a person is not allowed to choose to move to what they consider their best option . 
  what happened to you growing up that made you lack empathy ? 
  did you get mugged by an immigrant ? 
  not an ad hominem ( well maybe a little bit ) . 
  i 'm genuinely curious at what point in your life did you decide to say `` nah , fuck them '' . 
   but in the long term it 's not really sustainable . 
  meh , miami begs to differ . 
  4th city in the usa ( last time i checked ) and it is pretty much a hispanic city . 
  i think it 's fucking awesome and do n't see the problem with it . 
  careful when starting sentences with `` these people ... '', 
   it 's been clear to a lot of us that the tsipras government have been irresponsible all along , and worse , politically naive . 
  um . . the most irresponsible thing would be 1 ) firing varoufakis or 2 ) tsipras submitting . 
  just thought i should mention that a good portion of spaniards are n't against helping greece out ( without expecting a bailout too ) . 
   tsipras has no intention to fix their corrupt system . 
  # [ citation needed ], 
   too lenient . 
  they raised the fucking vat ** and ** cut pensions . 
  i wonder which bracket of the greek population will pay a higher percentage of their income due to this . 
  i also wonder which bracket of the population is on the brink of poverty and suffered the brunt of the crisis . 
  yes yes yes . 
  for years i 've been hoping for when the wave of leftist parties would rise in europe and we 're finally seeing it . 
  give it some more time , for them to accrue a larger base and we 'll begin seeing sweeping reforms . 
  at least that 's what i hope for . 
  cynicism does keep disappointment at bay . . 
  yeah speak for yourself . 
  a hot socialist ( well social-dem ) is doubly hot . 
   in 20 years , we 'll view merkel just like we view gorbachev , as a dimwitted clown that collapsed a union and brought ruin to a range of countries some of us are already starting to . 
  we need a northern and southern eu .
