  i can definitely see institutions being afraid of parties like podemos and syriza , they 're the parties that are literally letting the people say `` fuck you ! '', 
  to those upper echelons of power . 
  copenhagen 2016 it is . 
  are drugs that easy to get in freetown christania ? 
  i love you, 
  if anything i see us becoming part of the new german empire , along with greece . 
  well he 's right . 
  i agree with him , and so do important economists like krugman . 
  the little flag in your flair gives me a hunch as to where you get your news , and why you think that way . 
  i recommend you do research on the role of german and french banks in the genesis of the european crisis as well as another phenomenon that occurred : the transfer of private debt to the taxpayer , which was n't limited to the eu . 
  it happened in a similar way in the usa . 
  no , i wo n't do your research for you , you 're an adult . 
  if you have spare time to reddit , you have spare time to read shit online . 
  i 've given the fairly specific topics of interest . 
  wishful thinking man . 
  as someone who lived with ir students for 2 years , and got to interact in those 2 years with students from one of the top ir programs in germany , i am ** appalled ** to think they will be the future leaders of many nations . 
  they 're basically taught to justifying fucking over others by chanting `` realpolitik '' and `` prisoner 's dilemma '' as they metaphorically whip the oppressed . 
  sure , there were a few people who got into ir to actually help change the world , but most of the undergrads i met just want to get a position of power . 
  come to / r/europeanparliament . 
  there 's less people affected by propaganda/misinformation , frothing at the mouth for a greek scapegoat . 
  yes , i exaggerate , but not much . 
  well , i ca n't say i 've met enough greeks to have an opinion . 
  in spain many are n't actually against paying taxes , they just ca n't . 
  many fully understand the social benefit of taxes . 
  usually it 's rightists like pp or vox who just hate paying taxes . 
  like the republicans in the usa . 
  same criticism i would hear about jose mujica ( the uruguayan ex-president ) . 
  i can somewhat understand the sentiment , but i find it sad that we 're criticizing someone for not dancing the charade of masks along with the other sociopaths . 
  i applauded jose mujica for this ( yes i 'm aware of his past ) , podemos in spain ( and i 'm a venezuelan who had to leave his country bc of chavez ) , and syriza in greece . 
  they actually stood up to the pillaging of their country for the banks ' benefit . 
  so what if they do n't want to dance when troika says `` dance monkey , dance ! '', 
  so fucked up . 
  `` you want to find a job in europe later on ? 
  then kneel . '', 
  because europe right now is germany . 
  this is like being in south america and having to deal with the usa 's attitude . 
  the analogy goes even deeper . 
  the usa was instrumental in maintaining south american countries fucked , while germany had a slightly lesser , but by no means small , role in the obliteration of souther european economies and subsequent economic colonization through punitive measures and policies . 
  in the times we live you do n't need tanks and soldiers to conquer a country , heck you do n't even to have to annex the country . 
  all you need to do is economically dominate them ( hawaii 's colonization through american plantations is an example ) . 
  hey , maybe i can offer some perspective . 
  i live in spain , so this might not apply here , but i think the main point carries over . 
  for a lot of businesses , i mean a lot , paying taxes pretty much means the difference between breaking-even and having to close . 
  my dad could n't pay taxes for his company the first two years literally because that meant the difference from paying the ( few ) employees and buying food , or closing . 
  i had to drop out of college for a year just to help reduce costs . 
  could n't apply for a scholarship because working 60 hours a week whilst obsessing every second for every single penny spent honestly did n't let me study . 
  i could n't even attend labs because it conflicted with my work schedule and it was work and eat or study my textbooks homeless and starving . 
  meanwhile my german friends get kindergeld , chug beers , barely pass their classes and accuse southerners of being lazy . 
  and i 'm not some rural spaniard , i 've lived in venezuela , germany , the usa , holland , and spain . 
  i 've been following the crisis closely . 
  i 'm not gon na kill myself working only to have my tax money be sent right back to the german and french banks who fueled the spanish crisis through predatory lending . 
  even then , i pay my taxes . 
  i 'm actually pretty leftist and in favor of high taxation as long as there 's the leftist benefits associated with it ( universal healthcare , etc. . . ) . 
  but in such an austerity-ridden economy where the tax money is misused , i fully empathize . 
  ** not justifying it , but austerity measures really forced people to take extreme measures . 
  even eminent economists like stiglitz and krugman condemned the austerity measures as harmful . 
  many friends of mine are trying to make ends meet by starting their company , but many have to operate in the black economy since they simply ca n't pay licensing fees , taxes , etc. . . **, 
  si hasta llevo una pulsera republicana hermano . 
  claro que si . 
  and we agree completely . 
  that 's how much i 'm against becoming a german colony . 
  we 're on the same boat . 
  i used to be heavily pro-eu and in favor of a kind of paneuropeism . 
  now i just feel it 's the empire of germany and it 's annexed states . 
  spanish here . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'd choose rajoy all over again . 
  why is this not said more on this subreddit ? 
  all i see is `` lazy greeks '' and `` well they 're still richer than us '' . 
  what the banks have done should be discussed much more openly on here . 
  well , i 'm always open to new data , so feel free to share any insights/data/links you might have . 
  i 'm just trying to get a picture of what actually is the difference amongst the poorer country , and sift through all the blame being thrown back and forth . 
  oh and there we agree 100 % , if we 're talking about the previous government . 
  thanks !, 
  this is exactly what i wanted to see . 
  nominal values are one thing , but purchasing power is what makes the difference . 
   local purchasing power in athens is 7.51 % lower than in sofia, 
  it 's a ubiquitous foreign product in a different market than most food products . 
  edit : it 's a common price index . 
  i actually did n't know . 
  i had a hunch stuff had to be cheaper since otherwise everyone would be dead . 
  fyi , romanian prices are close to spanish ones . 
  except the big mac which is about half the price . 
  ** i asked to know how much poorer . 
  ** idiot . 
  honestly , i ca n't feel sympathy for you germans . 
  three years ago i moved to germany . 
  i grew up in the states and in spain , so when asked where i was from i would simply say spain . 
  easier than explaining my whole life . 
  i had heard of the stereotypical german disdain for south europeans but never took it seriously . 
  you have no idea how many fucking times i got told the spanish were basically lazy nappers who just went partying and spent money . 
  i was doing an engineering internship and studying physics . 
  not to mention , you guys have ridiculously short work schedules/opening times . 
  `` we just work harder yar yar ! '' . 
  also , it would be funny to see many germans complain about giving the spanish money when deutsche bank was one of the banks involved in fueling the crisis in spain by being one of the initial lenders that sparked the beginning of the spanish housing bubble . 
  disclaimer : lived there 3 years , met wonderful people from all over . 
  but many were also deeply racist towards turks , poles , albanians and south europeans . 
  worked brilliantly too . 
  i 'm seeing so much syriza hate it 's like wtf ? 
  i must 've missed the moment where greece 's reset button was pressed when syriza was elected .
