if he 's as commited to the party democracy as he says , none of his foreign policy ideas will ever make it to labour 's 2020 manifesto . 
  while alcohol is pretty damn expensive in norway , it 's not as big of a problem when you have a norwegian salary . 
  no need to specify you 're kidding , everyone knows norway is n't part of the eu . 
  stroopwafels are pretty awesome though . 
  satw did something like that using population number as dick size i think . 
  i 'm not too sure . 
  you guys already have tons of lakes and stuff . 
  mountains are our thing . 
  seems like this law literally does that . 
  as far as i can tell the law applies to all models , even though the reporting on it is lackluster . 
  laws are sometimes broken , but that does n't mean that they 're entirely useless . 
  as long as a doctor considers them healthy they wo n't . 
   you realize france just banned models with a bmi below x they did n't , that was an earlier draft of the bill . 
  what they acctually did was to require models to get confirmation from a doctor that their weight is healthy , which is not the same thing . 
  what criteria are used for determining what is objectively terrible art ? 
  is it `` i do n't like this '' ? 
  because that 's pretty far from objective . 
  it 's far from certain , for one thing i think their budget deficit is too high to join currently . 
  my point is that the chance of getting back into the eu is a lot higher if they secede from the uk . 
  and northern ireland leaving , without joining the roi . 
  that 's still a bigger turnout than european parliament elections get in some countries . 
  indyref 2 : electric boogaloo . 
  brexit fundamentally changed situation though . 
  remaining in the eu was a key argument for remaining in the uk . 
  now independence seems to be the fastest way back into the eu ( although there 's still the matter of spain ) . 
  the vote was pretty damn close . 
  it 's not like it was a foregone conclusion that the uk would leave . 
  what on earth is erdogans endgame with antagonizing the us ? 
  russia already despises him , his relationship with europe is strenuous at best and now he 's doing what he can to piss of the us . 
  china probably does n't care about him all that much , which leaves him with no allies in the security council . 
  that 's a bad plan if you enjoy the occasional human rights violation . 
  seizing the nukes would be suicide , more so than most nuke related scenarios . 
  the us would be pissed , the rest of nato would back them up . 
  russia would not want islamists with nukes right on the other side of georgia . 
  they 'd suddenly be up against the majority of the world 's firepower . 
  the only way destroying relations with the us wo n't horribly fuck them , is if they get really close to russia , which wo n't happen considering russia is already at war with islamists in their own country , pretty close to turkey . 
  really struggling to make sense of any of erdogan 's foreign policy moves at this point . 
  yeah , a flase flag is looking pretty likely at this point . 
  not forcing erdogan to land and bringing him into to custody is pretty amateurish if it was a legit coup . 
  unless they were massively incompetent it 's looking like a false flag . 
  probably `` just '' replacing the judges with people who toe the party line , and will accept the retroactive punishments he 'll be looking to dish out . 
  this and now calling the coup a gift because it justifies purging the army ... 
  he 's not great at creating narratives that make him look good , is he ? 
   something that , to my understanding , kemalists would never do . 
  has it been confirmed that the people behind the coup where hardcore kemalists though ? 
  considering how small their numbers seem to have been it looks like it could 've been a group of oppurtunistic generals trying to use turkey 's tradition of military enforcement of secularism to seize power for themselves . 
  although i suppose it could also be that the rest of the army just did n't believe the situation had gotten out of hand enough to justify a coup . 
  erdogan does n't seem massively concerned with the rule of law , at least not secular law . 
  i doubt he 'll have a problem with retroactive appliance of anti-treason laws . 
  and with how important turkey is when it comes to both syria and the refugee situation , i doubt any world leaders will have the balls to respond in a meaningful way . 
  this could very well end up being erdogan 's reichstag fire . 
  the russian foreign minister issued a joint statement with kerry . 
  the norwegian foreign minister has also issued a statement . 
  i have n't heard any government express support for the coup . 
  erdogan 's persecution of the media , constitutional violations and treatment of the kurds are unacceptable certainly , but he still has more of a democratic mandate than the military . 
  i suppose the military may be the lesser of two evils , but not by much . 
  seems like you get the choice of supporting either secularism or democracy . 
  how militarized are turkish police ? 
  any chance of this devolving into all out civil war ? 
  military coup to enforce secularism by the sounds of it . 
  it 's happened a couple of times in turkish history . 
  doubt the kurds have a lot room to do anything , seems like the conflicts are largely centered around ankara and istanbul , far away from the kurdish areas . 
  obeying the military imposed curfew . 
  no need to get directly involved when your side has tanks . 
  first source i found says 12.5 per 100 people . 
  not sure about the demographics and how likely akp voters are to own guns . 
  the coup could work , but by the sounds of it , any chance of a peaceful resolution is gone . 
  if the coup manages to seize power , he will probably be tried for causing needless bloodshed for that statement , similar to what happened to the egyptian president during their military coup . 
  seems like both sides are all in . 
  this is going to end badly . 
  a kick in the balls can be pretty damn fun , it just depends on which end of the kick you 're on . 
  some estonian politicians have talked about applying for membership to the nordic council . 
  the norwegian government is the majority owner of one of the largest oil and gas companies in the world , but sure , the government never competes in the free market . 
   of course this only exists in a free society in which the government has no money . 
  i fear we do n't live in that world . 
  so you agree that your entire argument has no basis in reality ? 
  seems to be only land borders , is n't the border purely a sea border ? 
  there 's tiny stuff like hans island , but that 's a dispute regarding which side of the border it 's on , there 's no border on the island . 
  dude , kebabs are fucking delicious . 
  what you 're doing here is basically pissing in someones face and then saying `` it 's a toilet , you got ta expect some piss '' . 
  not being allowed to negotiate your own trade deals is a pretty massive limitation . 
  texas and the rest of the us is also a hell of a lot more similar than the uk and the rest of the eu . 
   week old baguette  perfectly good baguette it 's obvious who the real barabarian here is . 
  the guy 's username is `` genocided '' , i would n't bother . 
  never trust people who eat sweet pastries for breakfast . 
  does le pen stand any chance in the second round ? 
  i 'd assume that fillon voters will be split more or less evenly and that hamon and m\u00e9lenchon voter would either vote macron or not at all . 
  `` the big thing '' is n't a whole lot better . 
  in addition to various factions on both sides , there was probably some colleteral damage as well . 
  explosions do n't really differentiate between friend and foe . 
  that 's a great picture of denmark 's tallest mountain range . 
  is being anti-eu exclusively a right-wing stance in eu countries ? 
  here in norway pretty much everyone is anti-eu except the the two major parties . 
  what 's m\u00e9lenchon 's reasoning for wanting a 6th republic ? 
  are his reforms impossible within the framework of the 5th republic or is it just a symbolical thing ? 
   putting someone in charge from a group that the country tried to exterminate ... well , i do n't need to explain to you what will happen , do i ? 
  presumably no second attempt at a genocide ? 
  or do you think schulz is part of some super secret jewish revenge conspiracy ? 
  french unions are pretty weak . 
  they just go on strike a lot .
