  [ in 2013 7.7 % of french workers were union memebers , compared to 52.1 in norway ( lowest among the nordics ) . 
  homo economicus does n't exist though . 
  there 's no reason to assume that the media ( or anyone else ) are completely rational economic actors at all times . 
  so someone sent this podesta ( who is an american politician or something ? ), 
  incoherent babble with some fascist talking points mixed in . 
  why should i care ? 
   it 's probably far easier for a middle class born person to become a millionaire in the us than in europe . 
  [ it is n't . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/05/us/harder-for-americans-to-rise-from-lower-rungs.html?sq=mobility&amp;st=cse&amp;scp=1&amp;pagewanted=all ), 
   eating dessert for breakfast fucking continentals . 
  morocco has a vested interest in fanning the flames when it comes to israel and palestine . 
  it keeps the focus away from the their occupation of western sahara . 
  like actual proper recipes ? 
  or `` shit , i forgot to buy groceries , all i 've got is some spagetthi , ketchup and ground beef '' ? 
  the latter is totally fair , but the first one is straight up a crime against humanity . 
  does the president really matter ? 
  i thought khamenei was the one actually callling the shots . 
  no garbage overflowing the streets 10/10, 
  one of the two standards of written norwegian is based on danish , we do n't sound anything like them . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about , ~ ~ slightly altered danish ~ ~ the entirely norwegian written language i use is the only correct way of spelling . 
  really ? 
  maybe it 's just because of what i associate with the words ( nordic council versus norse sagas ) , but to me norse sounds a lot more poetic . 
  assuming the german states continued to exist in their current form in a federated eu , would germany be the first ever federation in a federation ? 
  it 's not too hard really . 
  just shove a potato down your throat and replace every other word with english . 
  if the eu does that , i 'd probably support joining it . 
  italy gets progressively poorer the further south you go . 
  one thing is the oil money , but there 's no way you continentals are getting our fish !, 
  except portugal , they 're alright . 
  yeah , that 's not happening . 
  if that happens , i may vote `` yes '' if we have new referendum on joining . 
  it 's in the old testament so it would n't surprise me if it 's in the koran too , and that 's probably justification enough for akp . 
  it sounds absurd , but the current turkish government is pretty absurd . 
  urge is originally american though , we 're just the only country were coca-cola company still sells it . 
  the number for norway seems reasonable . 
  the percentage of people who oppose eu membership is around 60-70 % iirc , but since there 's no chance of any party pusing for a referendum it 's not really something most people consider when voting . 
  it kind of makes sense that it was the department of culture . 
  nothing says norwegian culture quite like a gaudy display of wealth taking the shape of something as simple and plain as a public toilet . 
  subscribers to the subreddit do n't have to be from that country . 
  i 'm subsrcibed to / r/sweden because they 're the meme masters of europe . 
  spoken danish is difficult to understand for everyone . 
   that 's how we feel about norway . 
  really ? 
  our roads are pretty shit everywhere except the areas around oslo , and the train from bergen to oslo is currently slower than when the track was built a century ago, 
  there 's a norwegian version from the referendum in 94 , i 'll see if i can find it online . 
  calling it luxury is a hell of a stretch . 
  this , but unironically . 
   had a terrible time in oslo because i was horribly unwell . 
  oslo does that to most people . 
  as long as the danes have no political rights , i 'd be fine with that . 
  danes + power over a union is a bad mix . 
  my ranking of places i 'd like to live goes roughly like this : 1 . 
  norway 2 . 
  other nordics ( sweden not included ) 3 . 
  other countries 5 . 
  on an abandoned oil platform in international waters 5 . 
  the bottom of the sea 5 . 
  the inside of an active volcano 4 . 
  the moon 5 . 
  inside whatever that thing from the asteroid in empire strikes back is 5 . 
  suffocating in the cold darkness of space 5 . 
  the immaterium 10 . 
  sweden, 
  to be fair , the russian version of the assassin 's creed symbol is pretty dope . 
  nation and state are seperate concepts ( although usually heavily linked ) . 
   perk\u016bnas , god of thunder that 's not how you spell thor . 
  we 've got decent internet , it 's just expensive ( like everything else ) . 
  switzerland has a population of 8 million in an area slightly smaller than finnmark , while norway has a pretty scattered population which means we need way more infrastructure to cover the same amount of people . 
  none of those things sound like rotten fish , what 's the point in eating it then ? 
  what happened to m\u00e9lenchon and france insoumise ? 
  they seemed like they had a fair bit of momentum towards the end of the presidential election . 
  is it just splitting votes with ps ? 
  no real point in going through the eea 's veto process for something like this . 
  tzatziki contains greek yoghurt , but that does n't mean they 're the same thing . 
  it also contains cucumbers , that does n't mean tzatziki is a type of cucumber . 
  de facto , sure . 
  de facto isis is a state too , do n't see anyone clamoring for them to be acknowledged though . 
  as long as crimea is near universally considered a legitimate ukranian territory occupied by russia , i do n't see any reason to change the border on any map . 
  i was n't aware that being against the right to self-determination is a pillar of liberal democracy . 
  does n't seem very liberal , or democratic for that matter . 
  any new efta member would have to apply to the eea council to become a part of the eea or work out a bilateral agreement with the eu if they want single market access , but efta membership in itself is solely decided by the efta council . 
  if you and your neighbour constitute a historically opressed and marginalized ethnic or cultural group you could reasonably argue that independence is the only way to ensure your right to self-determination . 
  reckon the catalans are a bit closer to that than you and your neighbour though . 
  i 'm guessing the idea is that since the snp lost 22 seats to unionist parties that means the scottish voters are rejecting indyref2 . 
  not sure it 's settled that easily though . 
  i think saying anything certain before the brexit deal is finalized is very premature . 
  a bad deal could easily increase support for a new referendum . 
  labour gained 29 seats while taking 8 from parties that are n't the tories . 
  they mostly gained by taking tory seats . 
  they 're the ones who called the election . 
  what should labour have done , not contest any seats to make sure the tories had a strong majority for the negotiations ? 
  scotland , northern ireland and wales all have their separate national parliaments , but are also represented in the british parliament . 
  a bit like how italy has a parliament as well as seats in the ep . 
  325 is n't a formal majority , but since the speaker does n't vote , but is still an mp and the sinn fein mps never take their seats the real majority is always slightly below 326 ( think it was 322 this time with sinn fein winning 7 . ), 
  i think he meant it as `` there will be another referendum , * at some point * '' . 
  they took one from sdlp . 
  by a pretty slim margin though . 
  makes sense until we know who the next tory leader will be . 
  high turnout almost always favours the left . 
  the groups that tend to have the lowest turnouts are the same groups the left tends to appeal to .
