the name of that city reminds me of hellsing . 
  took a look at the pdf . 
  not that hard to get through . 
  oh , ok , that makes sense . 
   `` why is italy blue ? '', 
   `` why is the netherlands orange ? '', 
  what ? 
  of course you did . 
  the collectivist fortitude is too strong in you . 
  all hail the monolith . 
  the monolith can do wrong . 
  the monolith is the vanguard of morals . 
  all the monolith 's enemies are pure evil . 
   if you do n't know anything a bout war crimes ussr has inflicted over e. europe , better shut the f * ck up . 
  do n't condescend to me , cunt . 
  i know full well the dark side of soviet communism . 
  but it does n't even begin to scratch upon the surface of the evil of nazism . 
  and the fact that you 'd compare the two as if they 're on an even playing field as far lust for human corpses goes just shows how spoiled you are to live in such a peaceful world . 
  as far as i care , morally speaking , the west was n't any better than the reds . 
  and the fact you wan na say that they are proves how shamelessly bias you are . 
  as for the second part of your comment , i never claimed once that turkey is a benevolent force for good and that our enemies are all pure evil . 
  but that 's the narrative you western eurocentrics always wan na subtly push . 
  oh sure , winston churchill was a racist , bloodthirsty , genocidal maniac who advocated for the forced sterilization of none whites and compared non-whites to dogs whose masters can abuse them however they see fit , but you know who the real villains were ? 
  those fuckin reds man . 
  those guys were evil through and through . 
  pretty much the same as nazis . 
  i mean i know our leaders were actually far more ideologically similar to the nazis , and i know the western powers were doing things like medicating homosexuals into suicide ( including your own war heroes like alan turing ) and sticking the japanese into concentration camps . 
  but at the end of the day we 're still the good guys and the reds were just the nazis with a different color . 
   and stalinism what a crock of shit . 
  if it was n't for stalin you 'd all be speaking german . 
  out of curiosity , is there a day of remembrance for all the victims of french and british imperialism ? 
  or do these worthless holidays only apply in cases where it can prevent wrong-think ? 
  what makes you so sure ? 
   and will never be do n't be so sure about that bud . 
  lol , this is just their way of telling us yanks `` top kek !, 
  fuck you you fat corn syrup guzzlers !, 
   german flags and complain about ` anti-german ' attacks i 'm pretty fuckin sure if people were out there fucking with german americans they 'd be a little worried about that . 
  - . -  dual eu-eu citizenship is okay . 
  dual us-irish citizenship is possibly okay . 
  dual brazilian-egyptian citizenship is not okay . 
  israeli and eu or america ? 
  american and japanese ? 
  those are very different cultural mesh ups , but those dual citizenships widely exist . 
  they somehow make it work . 
  let me quickly interrupt this conversation with a question . 
  are you saying dual identities are a bad thing ? 
  i know plenty of white americans here in new england who are of german decent , took high level german classes in college , and still feel connected to their german culture . 
  is that also bullshit despite them being 3rd generation americans or above ? 
  what about a scotsman living in france ? 
  are they allowed to still see themselves as scottish ? 
  how about dual citizen 's ? 
  kick them out for not being able to make up their minds ? 
  wow , denmark did well in the summer olympics ? 
  respect . 
  once again , congrats . 
  that 's a very unique excuse for being a fascist thug . 
  and once again , enjoy the consequent violence . 
  you 're just making this worse for yourself . 
  you just admitted that this whole issue represents your desire to control conservatives and stomp out people who disagree with you with state authority . 
  yeah , that is true of turkey , that 's why religious politicians have been on a roll . 
   i do not see a burkini ban as anything xenophobic ok , well congrats , you 're wrong . 
   see it as a matter of suffrage and social norms top kek xd social norms ? 
  that 's how you justify your foaming at the mouth desire to enforce fascist thuggery on people for wearing the wrong culture ? 
  and suffrage too huh ? 
  i did n't know burqas bar you from voting . 
  ok , i think i 'm done with this conversation . 
  this is getting waaay too absurd . 
  i 'm just gon na leave on this note , go ahead and try to enforce your fascist thuggery . 
   just know that we will resort to violence in response to your authoritarian coercion . 
   and any government body that violates freedom of expression against individuals who are not violating the rights of others i already drew the line clearly . 
  your freedom ends where the rights of others begins , and not an inch or an iota before . 
  if someone is suffering against cohesion , they can call the police once it goes too far . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  your attempt to disguise your fascist thuggery as a noble desire to help those under oppression is n't just dishonest , it 's pathetic . 
  we muslims are a faithful people , we by and large freely choose to practice conservative aesthetics regardless of where we are or what the rules are . 
  that 's why you see so many bearded muslim men in europe . 
  that 's why muslim men with tattoos are an endangered species . 
  are you really gon na try to make the case that only muslim men are pious and that our women are just like standard western women ? 
  you 're absurd . 
  some women want to wear burqas , you do n't get to take away that right by some farcical and ill reasoned claim to nobility . 
  the people who wear burqas feel that it is an aspect of their religion though , so that argument does n't matter . 
  you could say that same thing about any religiously oriented practice and say it is n't truly religious , it does n't matter . 
  you are n't the arbiter of how others interpret their religion . 
  even if it were n't religious in nature , it 's still their freedom of expression to dress however they desire . 
  which is also something you have zero authority over . 
  and any government body that violates freedom of expression against individuals who are not violating the rights of others invite violence to be committed against them for being fascist thugs . 
  no dude , i feel the same way . 
  i 'm going straight to the celebrity death bets website to put $ 2,000 on trump being assassinated within the first two years of being president if he wins . 
  but right now the polls are saying he 's dead in the water , so , probably ant gon na happen . 
  unless he beats ass in the debates , then maybe . 
  yeah , when you start fucking with freedom of religion and freedom of expression , that heralds violence . 
  and rightfully so . 
  idk , someone getting pissed off at a cop and starting a fight ? 
  maybe some people ending up dead ? 
  no , now that you mention it i do n't see it there . 
  we do have great landscapes though . 
  we got every great landscape . 
  we got mountains , beaches , a little desert landscape , forests , waterfalls . 
  and we 're the only place in the world with naturally black roses . 
  no , rape stats between different countries is almost impossible to truly measure .
