  it 's easy when done with first world nations that usually have a shared view on the topic , but many countries in the 2nd and 3rd world have much higher rape rates than nominally shown . 
  for reasons such as the police not caring , people feeling like rape is a shameful thing to admit to , things like that . 
  or even maybe the total absence of a rule of law , like many central african nations . 
  [ sweden probably is up there among first world nations ] ( http://www.civitas.org.uk/content/files/crime_stats_oecdjan2012.pdf ) as the stats show , but there 's about a zero percent chance it 's first in the world ( they 're not even first among first world nations ) because when you poll nations in the 3rd world , it 's found that the rates of sexual violence there dwarfs any first world nation . 
  another factor to consider is that even among first world nations , there 's often different levels of tolerance for this sort of thing , some countries just have more reports than another but might not in actuality have more sexual violence . 
  it 's honestly a really annoying thing to research since the findings are always so plastic , that 's why most experts who talk about crime between nations stick to murder rates or property crimes since those are usually more black and white . 
  i ca n't wait for this to violently backfire , it 's gon na be hilarious . 
  i see some people saying that tons of these forests are commercial so it 's not exciting , look on the bright side , your air is better , ant it ? 
  top kek, 
  as the other guy mentioned , turkish women choose to wear the headscarf despite there being no government mandates for it . 
  in fact , there 's even been some actions in the past against wearing it . 
  they still choose to , because that 's our culture . 
  also , plenty of iranians did . 
  maybe not the ones in tehran who embraced a much more western culture in their urban community , but rural iranians were very religiously conservative at the time . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  well that certainly explains why syria has a much lower life span than iraq . 
  it 's fitting that iraq and syria are red , since there 's probably some pretty bloody reasons for that low life span . 
   most of this, 
  what utter bullshit . 
  parents should be able to raise their kids however they see fit ( within reason ) with what ever values they see fit . 
  it 's not the state 's job to raise children or to say what values are allowed to be passed down . 
  and to all the people who are agreeing with this idea that the government has the authority to do things like this , i have to ask , what makes you think giving the state the power to dictate parenthood wo n't backfire and be used against you ? 
  edit : i find it interesting this post has gone between 6 up votes and 6 down votes , and now 2 up votes . 
  did n't realize this sub was cut so straight down the middle on fascist authoritarianism . 
  most of this does n't surprise me , but why is spain so dead in the water on this map ? 
  why is the turkish government even still entertaining this idea ? 
  it 's obvious the eu is n't interested , and even if we did get in , the eu would stop us from doing what needs to be done to combat kurdish terrorists and traitors . 
  fuck that noise . 
  if we wanted to get into the eu , we 'd have to accept their way of doing things when it comes to national threats . 
  our race ca n't afford to solve the plague that faces us with french methods . 
  accepting european values with the problems we face would practically be like going to 800 pound man isaac plumbo for diet advice . 
  that sounds good in principle , but , russia is kind of an asshole . 
  i 'm starting to think erdogan has some strange form of bipolar disorder when it comes to politics . 
  kinda strange that none of it comes from an arab nation ... the fuck ? 
  and that 's a part of why i 'm glad i was born in new england . 
  good . 
  they should n't let terrorists ruin their lives . 
  that 's not just a german thing . 
  american here . 
  i 'd never fight for my country outside of it 's borders . 
  every war we 've had in the past 70 years has been absolute , unadulterated bullshit done for the benefit of the elite . 
  if there was an invasion of my region , new england , i 'd fight then . 
  but if there was yet another war waged against a third world nation which involved a draft , i 'd swim straight to europe . 
  being the same species as me is n't that special to me . 
  if someone is a sociopath , i do n't see any reason to care about their well being . 
  the holocaust and chinese massacres were n't wrong because it violated some philosophical principle of yours , it was wrong because it killed and tortured innocent people . 
  dehumanizing people for what they do is perfectly acceptable . 
  especially when the thing they do is violent crime . 
  not how it works in america . 
  i was born in and have always lived in new england . 
  so fuck off . 
  ... dude , i 've had this argument with you before , i 'm not a fucking immigrant . 
  in fact , the reason i 'm skeptical of what you said is because i 'm a first generation , and i can say from my view , speaking english is n't that big of a deal since all the cartoons i grew up with , all the songs i learned , and all the public education i got revolved around english . 
  i kinda imagine the same would be true for him . 
  even if his parents never learned german , his environment would be surronded by german . 
  come on dude , you 're reaching pretty fuckin deep . 
  hey , let 's look at the third world to judge how good the death penalty is . 
  yeah , that 's real smart . 
  how about a large first world nation like japan ? 
  it 's often a contender for the most crime free nation . 
  they practice the death penalty . 
  they have harsh prisons . 
  so eat shit . 
  oh yeah , a harsh police force does n't strike fear into the hearts of criminals . 
  that 's why the japan model has been observed to be a massive failure by crime experts such as randolf doesntexist and joseph nobody . 
  once again , japan , once again , eat shit . 
  btw , let me just make something clear again . 
  i did n't say rehabilitation does n't work , i said the exact opposite in this thread to a norwegian man who replied to me . 
  i 'm just saying we should elimate the sociopathic criminals specifically . 
  yes , i 'm sure in your perverted world view , andy sitting around playing playstation is righteous justice and my idea of oh idk , actually punishing him , is just the evidence of my stupid caveman mentality . 
  also , the death penalty and harsh punishment can work just fine so long as you go all the way . 
  just look at singapore . 
  the criminal filth there are terrified of the justice system ( as they shoukd be ) and it 's a perfectly peaceful nation . 
  oh of course . 
  the elite always know better than the dirt scratching piss ants at the bottom . 
  the way the nobility has handles crime europe does n't have any issues . 
  i mean sure there 's migrants among you who now fear nothing when they rape your women because you lack the backbone to strike any fear into them , and sure your mass murderers are enjoying lives of ease , but that 's fine , it 's all fine right ? 
  no , wrong . 
  fuck the echr then . 
  that 's just evidence of how shitty of an elitist dictatorship the * european ruling class is . 
  there 's plenty of countries in europe that want the death penalty when you actually take polls , but they just do n't have it because the lofty nobility said so . 
  the people of europe are waking up to the fact that there all forgiving justice systems just do n't work for some people and that those people need to be put down like the animals that they are . 
  oh yeah , i 'm sure andy is sitting around playing ps2 thinking `` man , if i was here forever that 'd be way worse than being put down like the animal i am ! '', 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand your system is much better than ours generally and as you said works for the vast majority of criminals . 
  our prison system is basically just college for crime . 
  we take the most soft-core criminals who could easily be rehabilitated and turn them into hardcore thugs . 
  our justice system is shit , hence why we have the highest prison population per capita in the world and yet have much higher rates of crime . 
  our murder rate alone [ is nearly 10 times higher than yours ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/norway/united-states/crime ) . 
  and that trend follows when you look at other western first world nations and compare them to the us . 
  but as you said , that fucking waste of carbon is n't someone who can be saved . 
  you ca n't rehabilitate people who were born evil . 
  and sociopaths are born evil . 
  they 're not like most criminals who are just normal people who can be made into good people and be made to see the immorality of their ways . 
  so you should have disposed of him . 
  i do n't believe that 'll happen . 
  even now half the nation is willing to see erdogan lynched . 
  but even if my fears do come true and turkey becomes a total religiously motivated dictatorship , i have enough faith in the race that we 'll weather the storm and rise back up stronger than before . 
  most of the people doing that are n't turks . 
  -_- and even the turks who are doing that do n't represent all of us , dipshit . 
  our own country just went through a power struggle where the secular half tried to strangle out the soft-core islamist half , and you all saw it .
