  it sounds like it might be from a dos game , but i 'm not entirely sure . 
  i 'm a foreign redditor myself . 
  i 've had english as a subject in school since grade 3 . 
  however , i was homeschooled for most of my elementary school years . 
  my mom did n't ( and still does n't ) know any english , so i had to rely on dictionaries and the provided textbooks . 
  that was n't the main source of english for me , though . 
  at the time , i really started getting into video games and i usually played them in english with subtitles in my own language . 
  that helped me a lot . 
  also , i remember owning picture books with basic english vocabulary . 
  i 've been playing around with an idea for a garen skin . 
  garen has a whole bunch of skins now , so i think he deserves a silly one . 
  it 's called ballet garen . 
  garen is probably the most notorious spin2win champion out there and he would probably kick ass at ballet . 
  alternatively , we could have a lol ballet squad/team - garen , katarina , darius , wukong ... basically a whole bunch of champions who use spinning attacks extensively . 
  just for the record , i do n't necessarily want the skin to be a tutu 'd garen . 
  and yes , i 'm completely serious . 
  barry , have you been time travelling again ? 
  sorry if this was already posted here . 
  i tried searching for it and nothing turned up . 
  i mean , it 's obviously hurting our cause . 
  funny stories , weird stories , sad stories , anything goes . 
  it seems to be completely arbitrary , actually . 
  why is potato cold ? 
  because malnurish . 
  is joke , potato doesnt exist . 
  man and soldier hav a race, 
  man finish first, 
  soldier walk up to man, 
  `` good job komrade , here your reward '', 
  `` what is of reward ? '', 
  man gets send to gulag, 
  such is life . 
  i woud like serve glorious latvia by join politburo, 
  is possible ? 
  one ruled by dictatorship , people poor , no food , unhapines, 
  other ruled by glorious politburo, 
  i heard of new movie kalled the way back ( is kapitalist c ) . 
  is about treacherous polish komrade eskape from gulag in siberia . 
  is obviously fairy tale . 
  because he did n't start the fire . 
  it must be a game from the 80s or 90s , almost definitely a platformer . 
  i have a vague memory of ghosts flying around in the stage where the song played , but it was definitely not super mario world . 
  edit : it was probably a snes or gba game . 
  from what i recall , the song is from a platformer . 
  i believe the game was a snes/gba one . 
  i claim to not believe in things like ghosts and demons but the truth is , i 'm open to stories of paranormal occurences . 
  my mother , on the other hand , does n't hide the fact that she believes in such things . 
  she does n't usually talk about her beliefs , she has however mentioned a particular occurence several times . 
  from time to time , she would , for example , think of a person and she would then meet this person by `` sheer coincidence . '', 
  she never wanted this to happen and was not aware of the fact that her thought would trigger the event . 
  the thing is , this does n't really happen to her anymore . 
  it now happens to me . 
  it started innocently enough . 
  before facebook came and changed everything , i would talk to my friends through e-mail . 
  however , i would talk to my best friend only once in a while . 
  when he did send an e-mail , he would usually be asking if he can come over . 
  there was a point in time when he had n't sent a message in six months . 
  the day this occured to me , he sent an e-mail . 
  as soon as i came to terms with what happened , i knew exactly what i was dealing with . 
  the first instance occured about nine years ago . 
  since then , i 've had something similar happen to me countless times . 
  i 've learned to live with this `` ability '' but i 'm unable to tell which thought will be the one to manifest itself . 
  over time , the thoughts which were manifested have gotten more and more insignificant . 
  it 's gotten to a point where i can encounter a single word after thinking about it . 
  for example , just yesterday i thought about the word dumbphone . 
  i had n't heard or read the word in a while . 
  later that day , i stumbled upon it on this very website . 
  i did n't search for it , it just happened . 
  there was one specific occurence of this phenomenon which still send shivers down my spine to this day . 
  as you all are probably aware , terry pratchett passed away earlier this year . 
  when i found out about his death , i was shocked and terrified . 
  when i came home from school that day , i suddenly got a headache . 
  it was one of those headaches that ruin your day , no matter what you 're doing . 
  at one point , i thought to myself `` this headache is terrible but there are worse things . 
  i bet someone died just now . '', 
  literally minutes afterwards , i read about the death of the writer . 
  when i mentioned this to my friends , one of them jokingly asked why i killed terry pratchett . 
  i brushed this off as a joke but what if i did cause it ? 
  i 'm still unsure whether the events happen because i think of them or i think of the events because they 're about to happen . 
  i may never know . 
  over the years , i 've told several people about my problem . 
  some believe me , others do n't . 
  i have n't encountered anyone else with this `` ability '' , apart from my mother . 
  i sometimes wonder what all this means . 
  i also wonder if there 's a way to control this . 
  this is what the song sounds like ( it 's not the actual song as it appeared in the game ) :, 
  i 've been trying to figure out the name of this song and the game the song is from for months now . 
  i definitely played the game but it was a long time ago . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , the game is either a snes or a gba game . 
  this is what the song sounds like :, 
  i 'm pretty sure the game was a platformer for the snes or the gba . 
  i know i 've played the game before . 
  politikal dissident , kulak , and imperialist spy run into bar . 
  guard reports suiside of three prisoners . 
  i 'm thinking about starting the `` translator '' specialization quest . 
  i read up on it and the specialization seems like the right one for my character , but i 'm not sure if it 's worth it in the long run . 
  do you guys have experience with this specialization ? 
  is it demanding ? 
  i think my character 's int is high enough . 
  a politburo officer in dizguise was walking around village when suddenly a man kalled him over to dark alley .
