  blue monday by new order, 
  cloudbusting by kate bush, 
  new world symphony by anton\u00edn dvo\u0159\u00e1k, 
  the people demand answers , mike . 
  time to spill the beans . 
  how does it feel to be the only mod with a zero in their handle ? 
  deep . 
  gon na give this a try . 
  i really hope that some day , bray walks in with a taker hat on his head and/or a kane mask on his face . 
  when i was still in kindergarten , my parents bought me a wrestler toy that came with three different costumes . 
  it was n't any particular wrestler , just a generic one . 
  it was this guy . 
  jan. 2016 - john cena / s, 
  as far as i know , sitcoms being recorded in front of live studio audiences are really a thing anymore . 
  getting arrested . 
  i care too much about what people think of me . 
  today has been a weird day . 
  for some reason , it felt like i was at the center of the world 's attention . 
  i do n't really know how to describe it but it was just this strange feeling of , like , my actions being important . 
  thing is , there was nothing to warrant this kind of feeling . 
  i did n't save a kid from drowning , or anything . 
  i did n't save the company i work at from bankruptcy , either . 
  funny thing is , the feeling did n't just suddenly kick in . 
  no , it was n't like that at all . 
  i * woke up * like this . 
  i noticed the feeling as soon as i opened my eyes . 
  now that i think about it , it could have been caused by a dream i forgot about . 
  'cause like , i 've had dreams of that sort before . 
  you know , i had a dream where i was a little kid and was just hanging out with my family and when i woke up i felt happy . 
  i do n't usually forget those dreams , though . 
  so yeah . 
  i do n't particularly mind feeling important , it 's a nice feeling . 
  it 's just that i 'm not sure what the cause is . 
  but hey , it 's better than feeling like shit . 
  in fact , most things are . 
  feeling like shit sucks . 
  not feeling like shit does n't . 
  it 's a simple equation . 
  oh , i just remembered a strange little thing that happened to me yesterday before i fell asleep . 
  so like , i was already in bed and ready to drift off when my arm muscle started to twitch . 
  it did n't last long , ten seconds maybe ? 
  the `` event '' was basically a non-event , though . 
  it 's such an ordinary thing that i 'm surprised i did n't forget about it . 
  anyway , i should go to sleep . 
  it 's pretty late . 
  yeah , so , it 's daytime again . 
  i just woke up . 
  * that feeling * did n't go away . 
  again , i opened my eyes and i felt significant . 
  no mood-affecting dreams . 
  i 'm starting to get a bit creeped out . 
  you know what else is weird ? 
  that twitch . 
  that twitch returned . 
  i 'm pretty sure the muscle twitched in the exact same way , too . 
  when it started i was still conscious enough to notice something about it . 
  there 's a rhythm to it , or a pattern , or whatever the right word is . 
  it 's like , a series of short and long contractions . 
  it reminded me of morse code . 
  if it comes back tonight , i should probably write down the rhythm and then check a morse code chart or something . 
  i 'd be working under the assumption that the rhythm is actually meaningful . 
  to be honest , i ca n't be 100 % sure unless i write it down . 
  so i 'm gon na do that . 
  okay , i will do that . 
  then i 'll know what i 'm dealing with . 
  before i do that , though , i got ta be a normal person and do all the stuff a normal person 's supposed to do . 
  holy shit . 
  it 's actual morse code . 
  it 's actual , genuine , 100 % legit morse code . 
  wan na know what it says ? 
  it says `` this is your first test . '', 
  so ... what the fuck , right ? 
  funny thing is , i do n't even remember writing it down . 
  well , i do , but it was n't me . 
  i had my notepad and a pencil ready and then the twitch started . 
  suddenly , my right arm started moving by itself . 
  i was n't sure what it was doing 'cause my eyes were already closed . 
  then i drifted off . 
  when i woke up , i saw i had somehow written down the code . 
  so that 's that . 
  the question of why i 've been feeling important is still left open , though . 
  and yes , today 's no different . 
  i 've become used to it , honestly . 
  it shows no sign of going away , so what else can i do ? 
  my arm muscle 's twitching again . 
  this shouldn, 
  i do n't either . 
  that i often stare into nothing and that it 's apparently creepy . 
  it 's gon na be 2018 , though . 
  this is the painting that helped me remember the painting i 'm looking for , actually . 
  that 's the one . 
  thank you !, 
  poor phrasing on my part . 
  / u/billion57 figured it out . 
  it 's nebuchadnezzar by william blake . 
  i found this :, 
  to be honest , there are * some * similarities but it 's not a 100 % match . 
  see , i thought that game does n't exist anymore but i was surprised to find that a snes/genesis strategy of that name does exist . 
  we finally decrypted that son of a bitch . 
  took us a while but we finally did it .
