hope she 's not bugging you ... 
  who do you think did it ? 
  and why ? 
  you can see how much she enjoys this . 
  mischievous little thing . 
  people sometimes seem to forget that you record a lot of episodes at once and that you 're pretty much just playing videogames with your friend ( s ) for fun . 
  also , please continue playing wind waker . 
  the videos are always really fun . 
  ^ this . 
  honestly , scarabee is fantastic , but i have n't seen that particular episode . 
  yes it was the kirby episode that was released yesterday . 
  that 's also where arin mentioned his . 
  i 'm waiting for the thumbnail with just kirby 's eyes . 
  i sent a request to arin , danny , barry , and ross . 
  barry was the first one to accept my request , arin accepted it two days after i sent it to him . 
  the rest has n't done so yet . 
  czech republic, 
  always missed it by * this * much . 
  i have two . 
  the mickey mousecapade episode ( `` two cats ? 
  why not three ? '' ), 
  and `` even demons know ! '', 
  it 's a guy who does testimonials for five dollars . 
  not even joking . 
  which silly remnant of the past will dan take on next ? 
  thank you !, 
  now i know what it is . 
  it 's a [ version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfbnoaglnhe ) of the apogee fanfare . 
  i just did n't recognize it in its slowed down version . 
  i hope they announce jon 's return for a video , people do n't believe it , and then they actually do it . 
  did i ever tell you you 're my second favorite member of ninja se - first !, 
  i meant first favorite memb --, 
  it has begun . 
  get with it !, 
  but do you know how to get it ? 
  well , you were in fur a surprise . 
  i wanted to punch joffrey in the face when he was making fun of jaime . 
  he 's an even bigger asshole than he was , it feels . 
  i actually remember loving this channel and its creator some four years ago . 
  i 'm a bit ashamed of this , now . 
  i remember two of my friends were telling me about dunkey and they also mentioned some of his best videos . 
  i watched all of 'em , but the first dunkey video i watched was rust . 
  could n't have picked a better video to start with . 
  `` even demons know ! '', 
  hey i 'm grump and not-so-grump !, 
  and barry , and suzy , and ross !, 
  aaaaand iiiiiii-i 'm the game grumps !, 
  it 's so weird that i can see which part of his/her/their face comes from which grump just by looking at it . 
  i should probably stop visiting this subreddit for a while . 
  i now ca n't unhear the howie scream whenever i hear the tie fighter sound . 
  thank you , arin . 
  that would eventually lead to them unleashing the dinosaurs . 
  you know it 's true . 
  the fact that arin acknowledged there was a grump video of shovel knight before , kind of made me happy, 
  it kind of seemed to me like dan wanted to say it , but then realized he ca n't . 
  and thus , pnooms , the bringer of the weird , brought many a smile to the lovelies . 
  barry retweeted it . 
  it would be nice to see arin 's reaction , also . 
  first they 're the unmet player , then this ? 
  what next ? 
  mimi and mochi , the overlords of earth ? 
  the dream talk in the beginning of the episode made me think of one dream , where a friend of mine turned out to be merely pretending to be my friend . 
  guess that would be one those dreams that are `` too real '' . 
  great video . 
  the meat loaf bit is the reason for why i love jon so much . 
  btw does anyone know the name of the song that plays during the `` schindler 's list hd remakes ! '', 
  bit ? 
  i 've heard it in a filthy frank video previously . 
  that one was a hack of titenic , or something . 
  thanks guys !, 
  that 's a sweet , sweet jam . 
  arin 's breakdown in that one episode of super mario sunshine ( no , not the one everybody brings up ) . 
  `` ca n't buy crack cocaine with that shit ! '', 
  also , his dystopia rant in the teletubbies episode which resulted in him killing himself . 
  again . 
  now , favorite crazy jon moments would be something . 
  and you can only save if your save names contain at least three misspellings . 
  was i the only one who got confused by the whole `` second video of our second playthrough '' business ? 
  probably tomb raider : angel of darkness . 
  although it 's not really a terrible game , it 's still way worse than the rest of the games in the series . 
  it just fails on so many levels , it 's almost unbelievable . 
  i still do n't understand how they could screw it up so bad . 
  you look like a younger version of a certain nuclear physicist/ninja . 
  i must say , this has been my favorite series in a while . 
  the fact that shovel knight is such a kickass game was a huge part of it . 
  you could hear arin 's ( and danny 's ) enthusiasm for it in every episode . 
  also , i would be totally up for an ng + playthrough . 
  it would be good to have a snes controller on there , though . 
  i 've heard that it 's actually an abbreviation of the word pusillanimous ( i totally spelled that wrong ) , which means weak , timid . 
  the pussycat explanation makes sense , too . 
  yeah . 
  too bad the shortening is often seen as being vulgar . 
  it just kind of happened . 
  first they started calling young girls pussies and then it changed to refer to a specific area . 
  i 'm led to believe he did that intentionally . 
  do n't say you 've never noticed garen 's amazing ballet skills . 
  lux , maybe ? 
  i mean , it would make sense . 
  although it might rub some people the wrong way . 
  i believe spin2wincest would be much more appropriate in this situation .
