  well , here 's our winner , folks . 
  they ca n't all be winners . 
  i obviously left out some champions because i either forgot about them or do n't play/encounter them that frequently to remember their spins . 
  just imagine the chat in that situation !, 
  it 's walkin ' on the sun by smash mouth . 
  i put the 3ds stylus into the ds stylus slot just for the heck of it . 
  it got stuck . 
  while trying to get it out , i pushed it in even further . 
  i was in a pond with my dad . 
  my dad held my hand , because there were slippery rocks on the bottom . 
  i asked him to let go , and he did . 
  i slipped right after this and almost drowned . 
  my dad had to dive in to bring me up . 
  david lynch , y' all . 
  there 's something fishy going on here . 
  troy and abed . 
  yes . 
  also , wrapped in plastic . 
  barry , have you been time travelling again ? 
  i 've noticed that every time a youtuber i watch shares a personal story , they suddenly become more `` human '' to me . 
  especially if the videos they normally do are videos of them playing a role . 
  it 's nice to see that people we 're fans of lead normal lives with ups , downs , and really weird stories . 
  i met my best friend in first grade . 
  come to think of it , he might have been the first friend i made in elementary school . 
  i was eating one of those snacks where you have a couple of sticks and something to dip them in . 
  a kid walked up to me and asked if he can have some . 
  i said `` no . '', 
  the kid called me an idiot in exchange . 
  when i told the teacher about the incident , she asked me to show her who it was . 
  i pointed my finger at a boy who was just passing by and happened to share his name with the boy who actually did it . 
  he did n't get in trouble or anything like that , the teacher quickly figured out that he did n't do it . 
  somehow , we started talking afterwards and found out we have a lot in common . 
  we 've been best friends since then . 
  i 'm 17 . 
  i started watching game grumps when they first started out . 
  i 've been watching them off and on since then , but i still try to catch all the how new memes that come out of the show . 
  i remember seeing the very first episode of sonic '06 and thinking that it could be interesting . 
  remember when the game grumps tvtropes page started ? 
  'cause i do . 
  amadeus has an amazing soundtrack . 
  it 's music from actual mozart and it fits the movie perfectly . 
  and i mean , it is a movie about mozart , so ... 
  i 've recently discovered the soundtrack to akira . 
  i have n't seen the movie yet , but the soundtrack is some of the most goosebumps-inducing music i 've ever heard . 
  a lot of people did n't find the electro swing music fitting , but i think it fit perfectly . 
  it gave the movie a sort of a modern feel , in my opinion . 
  for me , it 's got ta be guardians of the galaxy . 
  man , was that movie good . 
  for once , they did something different and it worked !, 
  i hope to see more marvel movies like this one in the future . 
  i particularly enjoyed `` funeral of queen mary '' . 
  since it feels so otherworldly now , i ca n't even imagine how it must have felt back then . 
  got ta love that wendy carlos . 
  she also composed the music for tron and shining . 
  yes . 
  absolutely . 
  whenever i see that orange envelope , i ca n't wait to read how people replied to me . 
  in my year on reddit , the replies have been overwhelmingly positive . 
  considering he 's the guy behind moulin rouge ! , i get and completely agree with your point . 
  somehow , i always forget which movies he 's worked on and have to look it up . 
  he seems to have had a lot of fun in these matches . 
  you can really tell . 
  `` what is this ?! '', 
  the space jam bit from the joe & mac finale, 
  arin 's meltdown in the super mario sunshine episode with cake farts at the very end . 
  you know , `` ca n't buy crack cocaine with that shit ! '', 
  there 's so many good ones , though . 
  it 's hard to pick just three . 
  you know what ? 
  to me , current-era jontron is a lot like early-era jontron ( before dinocity ) . 
  he seems to focus more on actually reviewing the game , rather than just being plain insane . 
  honestly , i kind of miss 2012 jontron . 
  i consider summer and early fall of that year the golden age . 
  i still enjoy his new videos , but it 's just not the same . 
  the username i use here is my generic username , i just added a 1 because stevetr without the number was already taken . 
  steve is a version of my actual name . 
  the `` tr '' stands for tomb raider . 
  i 'm surprised a direct translation of the czech word `` prozvonit '' does n't exist in english . 
  it means to call a person , let it ring once , then hang up . 
  this does n't really have a single purpose . 
  you can do it to save money , or to notify someone of something without actually calling them , for example . 
  we studied the war of independence quite extensively . 
  we learned about the actual struggle and also about events leading up to it . 
  a couple months later , we learned about the civil war . 
  after that , the teacher mentioned the us a couple times in the context of the two world wars . 
  i remember learning about wilson and the fourteen points . 
  considering we did n't talk about some areas of the world at all ( like africa before the 1800s ) , i think this is pretty adequate . 
  however , i 'm attending an american school now , so i got to fill in the gaps last year . 
  i never went through the energy drink phase . 
  i only discovered coffee this year ( i 'm 17 ) , although i still have to acquire the taste for black coffee . 
  right now , latte macchiatto is where it 's at for me . 
  `` there is no such thing as a square root of a negative number . '', 
  also , `` the asymptote is a line which the graph of a function never touches . '', 
  this seems to be a major problem with math teachers , actually . 
  i agree . 
  a simple `` there are exceptions . '', 
  would probably help a lot . 
  also , our english teacher in elementary school taught us that `` caahnt '' is the only correct way of pronouncing `` ca n't '' . 
  i once karate chopped a tiger roll . 
  the cover popped .
