  me too , actually . 
  i was one of those kids in my class . 
  that 's a good way of looking at it . 
  it just seems to me that doing that is more `` destructive '' than mentioning that there are exceptions . 
  some asymptotes can be crossed . 
  well , the function can cross the horizontal asymptote . 
  power level from 1-100 in world of warcraft 65 times , watch the entire lord of the rings trilogy 140 times , watch the entire harry potter series 80 times , catch 'em all in pokemon blue 13 times, 
  yeah . 
  i did n't have much difficulty using it against the basement/cave enemies , but the depths enemies were pretty hard to beat . 
  the fact that this run was the first time i even got to depths is a huge part of it . 
  the bosses were pretty easy with the ludovico technique , though . 
  especially the one that just sits at the center of the room and throws projectiles at you . 
  where i was born . 
  lots of czechs complaining about other czechs . 
  my english 11 teacher . 
  she 's that kind of teacher who 's universally loved . 
  i do n't know a single person who 's had her , that did n't like her . 
  she 's clearly passionate about what she does and does n't hesitate to go over something thoroughly just because a student asked . 
  she 's also one of the kindest , most considerate people i 've had the pleasure to meet . 
  she 's a vegan and a nature person , but she does n't force this on anyone . 
  you could say she taught me how to be more considerate and respectful toward other people 's opinions . 
  most importantly to me , she taught me to appreciate writing . 
  i was mixed on writing before her class , but i started loving it thanks to her . 
  it became a passion of mine . 
  she always knows the right to say to motivate you . 
  if she sees that you 're strong in something , she will just tell you . 
  that alone does a lot . 
  i 'm currently taking her ap lang class and enjoy every second of it . 
  when i needed a reference for my college application , she was my first choice . 
  she did n't hesitate for a second and sent it in almost instantly . 
  we 've even heard reports of deaths , although this has n't been confirmed yet . 
  what 's all this then ? 
  we have n't heard from the white house since yesterday . 
  i did n't know sean bean played zack . 
  thank you !, 
  that 's what it is . 
  thank , my friends tell me is funny . 
  is no joke about politburo . 
  is death . 
  is joke again, 
  friends are dead, 
  wife in gulag son in gulag father in gulag, 
  they all malnourish, 
  friends is like potatos, 
  what if friends is politburo ? 
  is no joke, 
  happen to me week ago, 
  latvia is beautiful country wit wide plainn of potatos, 
  is no potato, 
  is only gulag, 
  i knew a boy who call his parents potato, 
  * knew *, 
  irish potat famin is dream, 
  so many potatos to hav famin, 
  is not possible, 
  latvia is great, 
  we have nice politburo, 
  is snow on gaizinkalns, 
  tank you , i will delete . 
  i am of sure not hallucinate . 
  pikture is of ban by politburo . 
  give all potatos to politburo . 
  amerika does not have politburo . 
  is suffocate , korrect ? 
  is region variation , komrade, 
  is amazing !, 
  go to politburo to tell of this great achievment, 
  is worthy of record bok, 
  sweet potato is of afrika, 
  that 's not it , sorry . 
  it 's most likely from that era . 
  this is probably not the exact song but i think it might be from this game . 
  i 'll look and let you know . 
  i figured out what the song is . 
  when did you first read catcher in the rye ? 
  i read the book last year for the first time and i instantly fell in love with it . 
  yeah , that 's the best part about it . 
  it 's kinda scary , honestly . 
  other people would just go `` oh , maybe i should start working in a theme park ! '', 
  but nooooo . 
  i would like to see the statistics saying that religion was `` the biggest cause of violence . '', 
  `` ghostkin '' would be fitting if he did n't talk about the furry arms . 
  i wish . 
  it 's a guy as far as i can tell . 
  thanks for the feedback , guys . 
  for some reason , my quests are bugged . 
  i think i fulfilled all the requirements to start the quest , but the game wo n't let me start it . 
  it says i have to wait . 
  they should really fix this . 
  i hope everything went better than i fear it did . 
  did evan survive ? 
  once , a friend of mine was talking about `` the fonz '' , which another friend misheard as `` stefan '' ( my actual name ) . 
  friend 1 was amused by this and started calling me stefonz . 
  this eventually evolved into just fonzie . 
  `` ca n't buy crack cocaine with that shit ! '', 
  whether or not they like broccoli/spinach . 
  i like broccoli and love spinach . 
  favorite album - selling england by the pound by genesis, 
  favorite songs :, 
  blinded by the light by manfred mann earth band,
