  care to explain ? 
  i 'm not saying karl x was a great guy but he was n't that bad . 
  for research i hope . 
  problem is that you just can walk thorough the neighbors yard to get passed it . 
  average 2571 weapons per gun owner seems good . 
  we have licenses for som air guns those should count but the once that does n't require a license probably does not count . 
  source : owns an air gun that requires a license, 
  totally agree . 
  sweden have around 600-700 thousand legal weapon owners and together they own around 1,8-2 million weapons . 
  to me that paints a different picture than map op posted . 
  according to the swedish newspapers i read from the day of the turkish invasion 1974 they were basically a greek puppet ( is this true btw ? ), 
  and then the turks invaded and after that the island was split . 
  soon talks about joining the two sides might start again but maybe not since erdo\u011fan would be mad . 
  where is the naughty wheat fields !?? 
  missed opportunity if it is not in the movie, 
  i should probably clarified further what i ment . 
  sweden would only need rails in the north to south direction in a fairly small area to cover a large percentage of the population . 
  france need to cover all the directions east , west , north and south since their population are more spread out . 
  i totally agree with you but sweden is also a very straight country compared to frances square shape . 
  sweden would only need a railway from malm\u00f6 to stockholm and a rail from gothenburg to stockholm to cover the majority of the population . 
  i wish we had fast trains and high speed rail in sweden . 
  we have planned to build some high speed rail since 1989 but it is still in planning phases . 
  so we are still stuck at only 200 km/h ,, 
  love you < 3, 
  makes sense since sweden do n't manage to run out of butter . 
  global warming now makes sense . 
  it 's a danish invention to prevent swedes from crossing bodies of water when they freeze !!, 
  of all the bands that i thought would be popular in the ussr i did not think abba would be one of them . 
  it reminds me of seychelles flag link https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fc/flag_of_seychelles.svg/1280px-flag_of_seychelles.svg.png, 
  brazil ? 
  yup , sweden was about to develop nuclear weapons but than the world decided to sign a few agreements and sweden stopped the development, 
  i 'm going to guess that zero reddit users are from the vatican but i will entertain the idea that the pope has a secret account, 
  how exactly are they winning ? 
  if everyone acted like i presume you do the terrorist would win . 
  terrorism should not impact they way we behave and act because that is how they win . 
  you do n't party on friday/saturday ? 
  i do n't know why i 'm laughing so much but there is something with this map that just makes me laugh, 
  i could agree with you if you said there is no swedish culture surrounding the national day but you did not so i disagree . 
  we have midsummer , valborg , weird food that should not be eaten etc. 
  saying there is no swedish culture is just ignorant, 
  probably one of the least celebrated national days in the world . 
  it 's a country i think ... 
  i think it was more for prestige and honour reason than land territory . 
  as you said sweden only hold territory in the baltic sea and some in america but sweden managed to win wars against denmark , russia and poland-lithuania at the same time . 
  i might add that these maps always make a slight downgrading of the swedish might because sweden also controlled most ports in the baltic sea thus controlling the entire trade . 
  swedish politicians are pretty split on joining nato so i guess we are stuck in a paradoxical situation where sweden wo n't join if finland does n't join and finland does n't join because sweden does n't join . 
  swedish empire  nato, 
  personally i do n't want sweden to join nato but i can see us join nato if finland joins with us, 
  i go to eat at ikea when i 'm on vacation just to see if they have the food tastes the same . 
  after my trip to ikea i try the local food . 
  with all those pictures it looks like grandmas house, 
  i forgot to wear that t-shirt today :(, 
  removed in 1985 beacause sweden stopped being honest 1984, 
  same with sweden we removed the 50 \u00f6re 2010 and thank god for that because they took so much space in my wallet . 
  want to swap ? 
  and maybe even during the levels, 
  forgot the final level `` partition '', 
  \u00c5land is an intressting place . 
  almost everyone speaks swedish it 's a demilitarized zone because of the swedes . 
  everything is swedish except that it belongs to finland . 
  it 's also one of the few disputes the league of nations solved, 
  the first gold medal went to canada, 
  because most people do n't care about the ~ ~ world cup ~ ~ world championship in hockey . 
  it 's the olympics that matters . 
  edit : wrong cup, 
  feels great man !, 
  political martian, 
  i moved out of my parents place when i was 16 because it felt right at the time and there was no social norms that prevented me from doing it . 
  for the first two years i lived at a boarding school the third year i got my own apartment . 
  my parents pays the rent and my bus card and the rest is payed by the money i get from the state ( i get a bit more from the state because of the distance between me and my parents ) . 
  my brother is about to do the same and for the same reason as me , finding the place that will offer him the best education . 
  it 's a strange world we live in when a party can possibly win an election one year after it was founded, 
  i use wood or wooden pellets . 
  other popular options are geothermal or some sort of electricity . 
  as is tradition, 
  i like to hunt but i have never seen the appeal of english fox hunting . 
  it puts unnecessary stress and tension on the animal wich is the opposite of what hunting should be about . 
  correct me if i am wrong but i belie that is why ireland had won as many time as they have . 
  most gruesome national anthem to . 
  this is a stretch but maybe they voted for macron because they thought that he be the easiest opponent for le pen . 
  the problem is that the polls said otherwise . 
  well played, 
  i like that some people that abstained in the first round voted in the second, 
   wisconsin https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_island,_wisconsin is this the place you are referring to ? / s, 
  as is tradition, 
  when you guys vote for that sweden can annex you , 
  what i believe is that the speech he held was suppose to unite the nation and that is why it was more `` sober '' and not exciting . 
  ny times live results gives macron 61 % and that number is raising, 
  i think this says it all https://imgur.com/g0hd3ap?r, 
  there is a lot of people who do n't know how the system works . 
  syrian opposition flag, 
  after a few hours, 
  german state election in the state of schleswig holstein, 
  does n't look good for spd, 
  yes, 
  hahaha . 
  is that from the first round election or another election and which fruit represents which candidate ? 
  germany has an election later this year but i would not worry about that one . 
  than there is the uk but that election will probably not change a thing . 
  are they allowed to publish these results ?
