i can deal with 50 % . 
  or you could buy ketchup, 
  beating the danes since forever, 
  god dammit sweden . 
  personally i blame it on the pope for leaving the vatican and visiting the heretics in sweden but that 's just me . 
  brexit just keeps on giving i do n't think i can handle this anymore, 
  estni can not into nordic, 
  i did n't know the word for them so i just thought small spikes was a good thing to compare them to, 
  well you guys can just stop pretending to not be swedes so we finally unite under the true king karl den 16, 
  basically you have small spikes on the tire so it can get a better grip . 
  because the ukranian song said fuck russia . 
  i think this will answer all your questions https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone, 
  they made the judgment before he did the attack . 
  it will be interesting to see if that judgement still holds after his time in jail, 
  if you mean terrorists in general the recent year , i think so . 
  i have not seen any news about daesh saying that they did the act . 
  it will be interesting to say the least . 
  i think he will be deported after jail since he is a terrorist and that they have already reviewed his case and made the judgment that he did not need asylum . 
  he will probably get deported after his trip to jail and i ca n't see the uzbeki government taking kindly to a terrorist, 
  i would say tunisia, 
  no fuck you he came from venus you fucking prick . 
  sarcasm of course, 
  turkey was seen as the goal for middle eastern countries maybe 10 years ago . 
  who is le pen losing voters to ? 
  gud bevara drottningen is the swedish translation . 
  hope this helps, 
  their anthem is one of the best but the name could be a bit more creative . 
  to be fair we worship punctuality . 
  at least the people in my social circle does, 
  it would be pretty funny if they fall under the 5 % limit, 
  i listened to a history lecture once about ukraine and how historians in ukraine tries to find things in their history to make their connection stronger to the rest of europe and remove the connection to russia, 
  here in sweden i would say that red and black cars are the most popular . 
  24th march 1720 sweden got a new king that agreed to limit his own power . 
  this is one of steps to the swedish age of liberty . 
  a terrorist want to change government policys . 
  i meant lonely in that no language is closely related to greek, 
  one of the oldest cultures in the world with a very strange and lonely language, 
  sweden never had serfdoom . 
  his parents are , he is born in sweden, 
  why are pepole so tall in the balkans ? 
  what point us he trying to make with this statement . 
  islam is a bad religon because of it 's founder ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is even if this statement is true it 's meaningless because it 's not proving anything . 
  edit : to the pepole commenting . 
  what i meant was his statement proves nothing about todays muslims or pepole from the middle east . 
  yes mohammed had a what we considerd today a pedofilic realtionship but that does not mean that all muslims today likes that he had that kind of realtionship . 
  and what kind of hunting would that be . 
  hunting should be respectable and humane not some task that needs to be done . 
  speak for yourself, 
  knowing your country it 's probably 200 % at least that 's my experience when i visited denmark / s, 
  it 's so sad that luxemburg is not competing in eurovision . 
  i would love them if they came back . 
  basically their is a lot of rooms with different challenges in them . 
  if they complete a challenge before the time runs out they get a key . 
  this guy completed thus challenge with only one hit which is really impressive, 
  do n't know a lot only that they managed to exit yugoslavia relative unbloody, 
  i never heard of anyone being circumcised except for religious reasons . 
  so yes you are right it 's not much of a tradition edit : there is medical reasons for it to . 
  i forgot, 
  santa at both the top and the bottom http://i.imgur.com/ghkbueo.jpg, 
  hey we do n't say chex or are danish in \u00d6sterg\u00f6tland . 
  what this should tell you are that the creator are a filthy 08, 
  some of the illegal market in sweden is now using an app called swish that allows you to send money to someone via your phone . 
  one of my bank cards have it and is almost as good of an invention as swish . 
  i only wish that i can get that feature on my main bank card . 
  one of my bank cards have it and is almost as good of an invention as swish . 
  i only wish that i can get that feature on my main bank card . 
  do n't you dare touch the cafeteria or restaurant . 
  you would corrupt it with high prices and shitty meatballs, 
  you can have the sofa section but nothing more, 
  sweden has also updated their banknotes so the one you used is not valid anymore but please go ahead and take our worthless banknotes if you want . 
  that 's intressting that the type weapons varies that much . 
  in sweden almost everyone uses a husqvarna weapon of some sort . 
  the most popular weapon is probably a husqvarna 1900 with 6,5 x55 caliber . 
  i 'm talking about your average rifle that looks like this http://www.ruger.com/products/hawkeyestandard/images/top.jpg and yes all swedish hunters that owns a rifle needs to able to do this otherwise they would have failed their test on the moose range video of said moose range https://youtu.be/2kpt2vm6l1y?t=44s, 
  you are right but the reason that i did not include your argument in my comment is because of two reasons . 
  you need to learn how to do this in every swedish hunting exam and for me it did not take long time to learn this and the same can be said for the people i took my hunting exam with . 
  so with my experience that it does not take long time to learn and that i expect because of me being used to the swedish system , i simply did not think about beginners . 
  but as i stated earlier i agree with you that for a beginner a semi automatic rifle is a big advantage when you need to take a second shot . 
  i have soon spent 6 weeks in finland and the biggest cultural shock so far is how many products you can buy with salmiakki flavour . 
  i have seen everything from vodka to honey and i 'm sure that i have not even seen half of the salmiakki flavored products . 
  the only good years are when sweden win , no exception / s, 
  hahaha i want to see the face of the border guard when they inspected the van and found the cheese . 
  the main difference between a bolt action rifle and a semi automatic rifle is the rate of fire but during hunting that only matters when your first shot was not good enough . 
  if your shot was not good the semi automatic have an advantage since you can fire again without doing an added motion that could mess with your aim . 
  we are talking about maybe 1-2 seconds difference here and in most cases these seconds wo n't matter . 
  so to answer your question semi automatic rifles are not needed and they do not make hunting more or less humane but some people have a preference towards semi automatic rifles . 
  personally i do n't see any reason to make it any harder for pepole to acquire semi automatic rifles since they do n't contribute to any more crime than normal rifles and they do n't impact the humane factor of he hunt . 
  weird monarchy, 
  good . 
  i do n't agree it feels like yours are missing something but i ca n't put my finger on what it is . 
  cinnamon buns tastes different in finland compared to swedish ones that i 'm used to, 
   but the little i remember is positive . 
  and we all know the reason for that do n't we ? 
  i 'm surprised sweden is not on in top ten in coffee drinking . 
  we drink a lot if coffee, 
  how many cups of tea a day is that ? 
  i would guess around 4-5, 
  it is the biggest lake in the eu if i remember correctly . 
  if i remember correctly it 's that many somali pirates ends up in prison in seychelles .
