invasion by illegal immigrants at the behest of germany was n't one of the aforementioned perks of membership . 
  like i said , you 're so scared of having an ethnic and cultural identity you had to insult it as ` petty tribalism ' . 
  it 's quite sad . 
  ` petty tribalism ' is the reason there is such a nation as ` germany ' . 
  it is the reason that europe has been able to set itself apart from the rest of the world . 
  without ` petty tribalism ' ( sensible , pragmatic nationalism ) we 're going to fade into obscurity . 
  good , it 's nice to see some common sense in politics these days . 
  europeans fought to stop islam for 1300 years . 
  there 's no reason to stop now . 
  of course he does . 
  he would n't want to lose that nice chunk of voters from our illustrious islamic community would he . 
  and again , what 's wrong with nationalism and tradition ? 
  why are germans so against embracing their national identity for what it really is ? 
  the german people need to stop being afraid of asserting their national identity . 
  all of europe suffered because of germany following the war , we 've moved past that but now all of europe is suffering again because germans ca n't get over their historical guilt . 
   or do you mean to imply that a family needs pure white genes to be healthy ? 
  no , but this magazine is attempting to associate a ` pure white ' ( as you put it ) family with something negative . 
  when it 's clearly not the case , there is nothing wrong with the image portrayed , only in the minds of some seriously deluded leftists would such an image be associated with anything negative . 
  surely that 's what most europeans aspire to ? 
  a healthy and happy family . 
  is germany so pc that the portrayal of a white family as something to aspire to could be considered a bad thing ? 
  i ca n't believe that in 2016 there are still people that actually do n't see communism for the stupid , shitty ideology that it is . 
  over 15 years . 
  not ' a few ' . 
  the austrians are making european politics interesting again . 
  there are not enough european people being born as it is . 
  that 's without selfish cunts like her killing 3 unborn children . 
  he supported those that wanted to hurt us . 
  fuck him and all ira fellow travellers . 
  i 'm not without religion or rootless , as much as many people in europe would like it to be so . 
  find anyone in europe who wants to see the downfall of our civilization and you usually find the unholy trinity of atheism , marxism and feminism . 
  rootless cosmopolitanism is the future comrade ! . . 
  do it here in / r/europe, 
  [ i guess we win ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zampcoj0phy ), 
  and all i could think when seeing this is ` that 's not a selfie ' . 
  exactly . 
  the problem is within the islamic community . 
  that 's where the surveillance is required . 
  because it 's not true . 
  when you have a problem with a specific section of society the worst thing you can do is welcome more of those people . 
  islamic terrorism is not a home grown problem . 
  it is a problem we imported needlessly . 
  you wo n't need to shave to avoid hate crimes . 
  the sort of people who commit hate crimes do n't tend to take into account beard length . 
  also most cities in western europe have massive amounts of immigration from the middle east and the subcontinent so you wo n't stand out . 
  your daily dose of immigrant worship , courtesy of / r/europe, 
  not at all . 
  i love the idea of a united europe . 
  i think if it was possible we should get rid of the eu and start over . 
  i suppose you also oppose the other parties in france taking loans from foreign owned banks also ? 
  i think it is a good thing . 
  i think europeans have been far too polite and far too afraid to assert their identity for far too long . 
  literally hundreds . 
  it 's amazing . 
  people are far too easily led down the rabbit hole that marxism is a good thing and that many of the horrors of the 20th century were n't a direct result of that vile ideology . 
  she sounds like a fucking idiot . 
  if she had done the slightest bit of research she would 've known that saying ` macedonia ' in reference to the fyrom in the presence of a greek nationalist is perhaps the dumbest thing you could possibly say . 
  then again i 'd expect nothing less from the bbc . 
  it worked for hungary . 
  we 've got a nice natural barrier ourselves and it does n't do us any harm . 
  let 's fight a rigorous ideological and religious commitment to ultra violence with peace , tolerance and democracy ... 
  i 'm sure that 's the tired old mantra you 're referring to . 
  i prefer fighting fire with fire . 
  because germans are a very timid and scared people when it comes to asserting their national identity . 
  the spectre of history is very heavy and they have never been allowed to rise above it . 
  if you do n't worship the ground upon which foreigners tread you 're an enemy of the german establishment . 
  as long as corbyn is in charge that 's almost a certainty . 
  that man 's politics are pretty much universally despised in england . 
  the difference being that you do n't build statues of them or rekindle the bizarre cultural events associated with them . 
  yet more needlessly imported savagery . 
  well if their gracious hosts want to get rid of them out of spite because a plurality of the british people decide they do n't want to be part of the european union then i guess so . 
  did you never consider that maybe we do n't want special rules ? 
  we want every nation of europe to have the privilege to have their own way of doing things ? 
  now the usual response to that is `` well why are you in the eu then ? '' . 
  hopefully come june we wo n't be . 
  i 'd like to visit lithuania . 
  a friend of mine went camping there a few years ago and said it was amazing . 
  miles upon miles of desolate forest . 
  i think it will be brilliant if he gets the nomination . 
  even better if he somehow manages to actually win . 
  there might be a bit of honesty in global politics for once . 
  fuck them , they left , they 're not our problem anymore . 
  hopefully boris can tip the vote in favour of leave . 
  such a big name behind the campaign will be a huge boost . 
  if leave wins , he 's pretty much guaranteed to be the next pm if he backs the out campaign . 
  yet we welcome sudanese illegal immigrants who sneak through the channel tunnel . 
  it 's a fucking travesty . 
  better than what you 'll find most english people typing . 
  oh sweden ... to think swedes were once vikings . 
  looking at them now , its just pitiful . 
  my own country is bad enough . 
  but whenever the situation gets me down i just look at sweden and breathe a sign of relief . 
  i 'm not outraged in the slightest . 
  i doubt anyone is . 
  certainly not in poland . 
  i support european migration more than any other migration . 
  the fact that europe is now basically opening its doors to the third world is very dissuasive . 
  how dare they release their nationality . 
  racists .
