  especially if the mamluks or the qara qoyunlu get involved ... that said , i 'm surprise you can hold an alliance with portugal as aragon ... 
  in my games portugal always sides with castile , no matter what . 
  although in the myth of oedipus , the child ends up marrying his mother ... who 's the mother in this case ? 
  stop that !, 
  you 're gon na give the bretons , the normands and the bourguignons ideas !, 
  ah , it 's a question of strategy . 
  i do n't think going for africa as aragon or an italian nation is worth it - culture and religion are too different , you 'll be stuck with rebellions all the time . 
  plus the war is too far away for your allies to care about or help out . 
  the only nation that really benefits from african ventures is portugal , because they 're stuck between castile and the sea , so it 's africa + americas for them . 
  the fact that aragon usually gets curb-stomped or flawlessly absorbed by castile when it 's not controlled by a human player is what makes it interesting . 
  i always ally with france , portugal always allies with castile . 
  first , vassalize navarra , then provoke wars with castile before they can catch you unawares . 
  the french will sledgehammer the castilians and you stop them from recovering and take their provinces . 
  then you get them to release granada or galicia , get these vassalized/annexed , and eat up provices every time a truce runs out . 
  problem is , castile + portugal are still pretty tough so you can only make small gains every time and you 're forced to lose years that could be used expanding elsewhere . 
  especially if you integrate naples and open up a new front in italy ... also , in my last aragon game , i got france under a pu . 
  man , that was fun . 
  my bad , i misunderstood . 
  i do n't know how much reserves there are , so i 'll take your word for it !, 
  man , i love playing byzantium in eu4 . 
  them , tuscany and aragon are my faves to run . 
  seeing the ottoman cities and provinces be renamed to greek when you conquer anatolia is like the crowning achievement of my day . 
  yeah , i do n't think we can call it a crisis anymore . 
  this is the new normal . 
  best we can do is adapt to it , mitigate as best we can , and implement some reforms ( at least , in france ) , but we are n't going to get pre-2008 growth back . 
  of course , nobody actually agrees what the reforms should be around here ... 
  i assume you mean shale gas ? 
  as far as i remember , european gas reserves have been constantly re-estimated , smaller and smaller each time . 
  i 'm not sure how practical it would be to go all-out on european shale gas to get out of russian influence ... 
  depends who 's doing the selling . 
  if it 's the russian state itself , noone could . 
  if it 's russian private companies , there could be commercial repercussions on other ventures and contracts . 
  european history can be explained really well by imagining the roman empire as an absent father and all of europe as its children going `` fuck you , dad !, 
  i 'll show you ! '', 
  instead of p\u00e9tain , i would nominate pierre laval . 
  p\u00e9tain was an anti-republican authoritarian general , the likes of which europe had hundreds of this past century , but i do n't think he was a genuine nazi sympathizer - he just figured he could spare france from full occupation and grab power at the same time . 
  laval , however , was the architect of most of the collaboration work , especially with regards to the deportation of jews . 
  when the nazis ordered him to hand over the jews , and gave him permission to spare children , he actually went beyond nazi orders and had the children deported by himself . 
  of course like all people in this thread , he 's a conflicted character . 
  some historians say that by deporting foreign jews living in france , he negotiated a compromise with the nazis to save the majority of jews with french nationality . 
  that 's as may be , but still a hell of a deal with the devil . 
  he was executed in the trials after the war , whereas p\u00e9tain was sentenced to life in prison/house arrest . 
  wait , so like , there were bolshevik columns walking down the road from moscow to ukraine and these guys outright refused to organize a defense or an army because ... that 's something meanies do ? 
  what did they want to do , kumbaya them to death ? 
  this is europe , guys . 
  everyone round these parts was part of someone 's empire at some point or other , no surprise we can handle it well . 
  russia was n't , hence the decade-long hissy fit . 
  best part being that the `` disloyalty '' came not when bulgaria left the eastern bloc , not when it joined the eu , not when it joined nato , but when it moved to buy fighter jets from the west . 
  apparently not wanting the glorious mother 's planes is a greater offence ... 
  well , the germans are so constantly jolly and carefree , i could n't imagine them being depressed by anything in their home country ... 
  give us a shout in / r/socialparis and / r/france if you want to head out for a pint or five one evening !, 
  the french ( and maybe even european ) media loves to play off the fn as a destructive mob with the power to break down europe if it holds power , but everytime they get more powerful , they start behaving like all other politicians . 
  they rail against the eu ... 
  but they 'll take their money . 
  they claim they 're against officials holding multiple mandates ... 
  but when they won two seats in the senate , their officials both held two mandates ( which they justified by saying `` nobody else is applying our rules , so why should we ? ), 
  all that political power and money are sweet , sweet things . 
  you can go on with fire and brimstone about the corruption of the system , when you 're inside , you tend to shut up . 
  the bigger they 'll get , the more normal they will be . 
   readers can get involved in the campaign by interacting on social media , signing a petition and becoming a sponsor girl , pledging to financially support a girl who faces child marriage . 
  i wonder how efficient that is - how does financial support , no matter how extensive , help against the weight of culture and family ? 
  i mean , child brides are usually married off by their own parents ... 
  and then the germans get so depressed from all the lack of color ( and sun ) that they just give up and go home ? 
  like some sort of decorating guerrilla ? 
  his attitude there is disgusting . 
  he can hold this opinion , that 's his constitutional right . 
  he can forbid the protests , that 's his role if it 's necessary . 
  but saying what he said is pretty fucking distasteful for a republican official . 
  two bits stand out as way over the line for me :  `` you 'll do what we accept , you get that ? 
  this is n't a homeless shelter or a brothel '' ( referring to the tent the kurds pitched on the marseille port )  if i were a jew in marseille , and i cared for my people and my country , i 'd be fighting in the israeli army , not protesting in marseille . 
  that 's a complete non sequitur ... and it 's a fine crowner for the guy 's big mouth : he 's managed to piss off the kurds , the muslims , and the jews all in one ... 
  they 're pretty much sitting on a giant island-shaped hydro & geothermal reactor . 
  and since you ca n't really scale back renewable energy production when there 's less consumption , the numbers could be skewed . 
  although this is * iceland * . 
  the heating bill must be something fierce ... 
  do you have the option of sending mirror journalists to syria ? 
  yeah , i kind of agree with / u/qukiuti but it 's tough . 
  you know sun tzu said you should always leave an escape route when fighting an enemy army , because once they know they ca n't escape they 'll fight to the last man , whereas soldiers than can run away will . 
  it 's a bit like this here , if we show them that they ca n't run away from daesh and come back to some sort of justice in europe , they will stay . 
  of course i agree with you - they 've shown themselves willing to join one of the most brutal , murderous organizations the 21st century has seen . 
  it 's not like they suddendly left to join the foreign legion or peta or anything . 
  although from some stories i 've read on / r/france , these people were n't murderous sociopaths that * wanted * to kill and rape , but people who fell for indoctrination and lies spread by internet jihadists . 
  i personally think they should be allowed back , tried , put in prison and dragged out periodically to give talks in `` at-risk '' areas where jihadists are known to recruit , or in mosques . 
  it 's a drain on society sure , but anything that starves daesh of recruits is worth it for me . 
  of course , i do n't know how the british public would react , and i do n't know what should be done with them in the long run . 
  left in prison , attempted rehabilitation ? 
  low season + outside of the touristy hours , i guess ? 
  did you go there before 10:00 am , or after 5:00 pm ? 
  i was hoping for a no vote , then a petition to westminster to declare irn bru toxic and forbid its consumption . 
  this stuff made my years growing up in aberdeen an orange haze . 
  * la marseillaise is probably the great patriotic song we have . 
  after all , it is a battle march first and foremost , it talks about soaking the fields with your enemy 's filthy blood ... that 's pretty badass . 
  * my personal favorite is `` au 31 du mois d'ao\u00fbt '' , an 18th century sailor 's song about sinking an english ship and contains the words `` et merde pour le roi/la reine d'angleterre '' . 
  the song adapts according to the current british monarch . 
  * [ le chant du d\u00e9part ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5dcqbwgnia ) , a military march from wwi , can be counted as well . 
  * the last one would be [ le chant des partisans ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iq07zqfzonq ) , the french resistance during ww2 , again with badass lyrics like `` tonight the enemy will know the price of blood and tears '' . 
  ... hey , i have to hand it to the british and germans , you guys inspired some pretty good songs in us . 
  i agree in that i want the eu to be more centralised , but i think fiscal control is n't the first thing that should go to europe . 
  the first step is to create a real position of eu president , with the power to form a government , and get rid of this fucking unelected commission where they have to create dumb positions so that every country can have its own commissioner . 
  have that president be elected by the parliament too , so there 's * some semblance * of democratic accountability here .
