  i 'm not saying it will be enough , but i do think it makes more sense now than then . 
  profiting off of foreign dictators until they outlive their usefulness is a pretty widely shared global value though . 
   fuck fabius with a power drill . 
  national issues are national issues . 
  i could understand if the wall was facing an eu country , because freedom of movement , but not this . 
  and slamming half of eastern europe over quotas is hypocritical as fuck . 
  it 's not like we 're only pushing this because it benefits is , is it ? 
  * oh wait it totally is *, 
  and french !, 
  ... pls to sell louisiana back ? 
  will trade for cheese :(, 
  - years which really matter 1938 - munich accords . 
  not quite ww2 , but we could have stopped it all before it actually started . 
  edouard daladier , the french prime minister of the time * knew * that hitler was never going to stop , but caved to political pressure from the french public . 
  i 'm not sure about neville chamberlain on the uk side - whether he really believed in `` peace in our time '' or if he knew what was going to happen too . 
  we knew what was coming and still threw czechoslovakia under the bus because we were scared . 
  1939 - invasion of poland . 
  had to face the facts , declared war , kicked it all off . 
  1940 - battle of france . 
  undersupplied , underequipped and badly managed french forces caved . 
  my grandfather fought there . 
  92,000 french soldiers dead , 250,000 wounded . 
  the starting point for 75 years of `` surrender monkeys '' jokes . 
  1941 - operation barbarossa . 
  aka the big mistake . 
  - noun associated with the warfare period mismanagement - noun associated with the end of the war political maneuvering . 
  thanks to de gaulle ( who was entirely a cunt , btw , but a necessary one ) , france came out on top of a war it almost had no role in . 
  - the perception of your country-men who fought within the wehrmacht or waffen-ss half of them genuine nazis , half of them opportunists trying to seize the occasion - the role of national partisans within your country not a big role when it came to actual fighting , but crucial in gathering intelligence for british and american troops . 
  / u/problemy has it right . 
  austerity is a good short-term solution , while your country still has income - you can repurpose it to paying off the debt quickly . 
  if your problem can be solved in 2 years , you 're all set . 
  but prolonged austerity does n't work , because yeah - you end up draining your income sources . 
  such injustice !, 
  damn , here we all are looking at the tits and of * course * the italian is already forecasting mozzarella production . 
  shit , that woman 's lips must have cost more than the network 's green-screen effects budget . 
  quoting robin williams :  it all came down to the puritans . 
  our ancestors . 
  people so uptight , the british got rid of them . 
  how fucking anal do you have to be for the * fucking british * to go `` okay , i give up . 
  get the fuck out '' !, 
  i know , right ? 
  i was going for a bit of good ol' fashioned ribbing of americans , but then i figured / u/vilefrog was right , that thalys episode earned them a reprieve . 
  ... until thursday . 
  op never said they had to be dangerous * to us * . 
  american tourists . 
  yeah well , these guys are clinging to an ideology that caused , and lost , one of humanity 's biggest wars * seventy years ago * . 
  do n't expect them to be all hip and forward-thinking . 
  firenze . 
  the city itself , even though it 's goddamn full of tourists every summer , and the whole of tuscany . 
  i go there as often as i can to fill up my stock of chianti , salame toscano and other stuff . 
  even actual nazis would probably be disappointed in these neo-nazis . 
  and that takes some doing . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure most european countries would consider that some form of assault too . 
  not sure if it 's gon na be fine , imprisonment or whatever else , but i hope the law comes down hard on these guys . 
  did n't take long for the conspiracy theorists to crawl out of the basement . 
  sophisticated ? 
  dude , if i learned / r/europe posts by heart , all i would learn is how to call someone a manipulative racist or a whiny bleeding-heart liberal in thirty languages . 
  that would n't make me look sophisticated . 
  * instruit ? 
  i do n't think it 's spam , as i said , i actually like it . 
  what 's that last language btw ? 
  i do n't recognize it . 
  on top of which , people assume that `` arab and muslim = culturally close '' but that 's ignoring the ethnic and cultural differences within the arab world . 
  jordanians and syrians do n't like each other as they were rivals almost since independence ( jordan was a kingdom that tried to unite with iraq , syria was a republic that tried to unite with egypt ) . 
  the people of the gulf - emiratis , qataris etc. 
  look down on everyone who is n't themselves to varying degrees , and i think banned all visas for syrian citizens at the beginning of the war . 
  egypt and libya are shitholes , tunisia is on the brink of civil war , algeria is a dictatorship and pretty poor , morocco is farther away than most of europe , lebanon has a large christian population and a lot of bad blood with syria ... 
  it 's kind of tough to figure out where to go . 
  yeah , but the uk and france , ( cause let 's not imagine we did n't pound our chests over bringing `` freedom '' to libya , rumsfeld-style ) did bomb the shit out of gaddafi . 
  and he was responsible for holding back the sub-saharan migrants that arrived in libya ... now he 's gone , there 's nothing to stem the tide anymore . 
  of course , when i say `` holding back '' , i mean `` deprive of rights , arbitrarily detain in inhumane conditions , possibly torture and murder '' . 
  so it 's not like he was doing the world a favor . 
  i 'm really surprised at all the hate the dual-language posts get . 
  i mean , maybe i just do n't care cause it 's my language , but it 's always fun when others do it , i like trying to figure out he words or sentence structure in a language i do n't get . 
  and when i wo n't / ca n't do it , i just skip over to the english part , no skin off my back . 
  nice one mate . 
  `` sousjlailu '' is probably the dumbest , most horrifying kill-it-with-fire abomination the circlejerkers at / r/rance ever came up with , too . 
  it hurts to see people use it seriously now . 
  do n't you know ? 
  the power a group has to influence things around my is entirely proportional to how much i do n't like them , regardless of numbers or actual influence . 
  the formula is : x = ( y x 1000 ) \u00b2 where x is the power of the group ( expressed in illuminatimeters ) and y is how much you do n't like them ( expressed in milliihitlers ) . 
  honestly , it 's fun if you want to share bits about your native language , and some people are curious . 
  i always read the other-language bits , it 's interesting to figure stuff out . 
  otoh , if you 're in some sort of `` it 's my language , i do what i want stop english imperialism !, 
  ! 11 ! 1 '' jerk ... you should probably sit the fuck down and breathe . 
  milk-fed and long-lived , to boot . 
  so it 's purely a political crisis because of power play , and not an ideological one ? 
  point taken . 
  i dunno then \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  i guess that 's a possibility , but every guidebook i 've seen on paris warns the tourists of that , and yet the only ones i 've seen get jumpy when a black person comes round are the east asians ( not necessarily all chinese ) . 
  i think a lot of it has to do with the homogeneity of east asian countries . 
  they do n't see black people every day back home ... 
  it really seems like ` racist '' is being used more and more as a substitute for `` racial '' with a little bit of negativity added . 
  looking at the ess6 questionnaire , there 's a number of questions on the subject of trust , which ask the respondents to answer on a scale of 1-10 :  generally speaking , would you say that most people can be trusted , or that you ca n't be too careful in dealing with people ? 
  please tell me on a score of 0 to 10 , where 0 means you ca n't be too careful and 10 means that most people can be trusted . 
   using this card , do you think that most people would try to take advantage of you if they got the chance , or would they try to be fair ? 
   would you say that most of the time people try to be helpful or that they are mostly looking out for themselves ? 
  please use this card . 
   france : so many black people i ca n't speak for european - or american-born chinese people , but chinese-born chinese seem to be hilariously afraid of black people . 
  i work on the champs-elys\u00e9es in paris , and you have busloads and busloads of chinese tourists coming in .
