  from a french point of view , that 'd feel like `` whoever loses , we win . '', 
  a pro-european bunch of british ? 
  i see citizenships getting revoked in the near future . 
  i was more referring to the first french empire , but til !, 
  well , self-hating or no , can you say anything i 've said is wrong ? 
  well , shit . 
  ah well , at least we still have our massive deposits of natural res ... no wait ... we have a thriving indus ... nah , that 's not going to work ... we 're still a haven for busi ... nope , not that either ... guys ? 
  guys , y' all know what we have left ? 
  stupid * sexy * flanders, 
  hey , they were ours too !, 
  ^ for ^ ten ^ years, 
  would you believe there are studies that show a correlation between homosexual arousal and homophobia ? 
  [ the authors investigated the role of homosexual arousal in exclusively heterosexual men who admitted negative affect toward homosexual individuals . 
  participants consisted of a group of homophobic men ( n = 35 ) and a group of nonhomophobic men ( n = 29 ) ; they were assigned to groups on the basis of their scores on the index of homophobia ( w. w. hudson & w. a. ricketts , 1980 ) . 
  the men were exposed to sexually explicit erotic stimuli consisting of heterosexual , male homosexual , and lesbian videotapes , and changes in penile circumference were monitored . 
  they also completed an aggression questionnaire ( a. h. buss & m. perry , 1992 ) . 
  both groups exhibited increases in penile circumference to the heterosexual and female homosexual videos . 
  only the homophobic men showed an increase in penile erection to male homosexual stimuli . 
  the groups did not differ in aggression . 
  homophobia is apparently associated with homosexual arousal that the homophobic individual is either unaware of or denies . 
  ] ( http://my.psychologytoday.com/files/u47/henry_et_al.pdf ) there are flaws within the study , of course . 
  `` homophobia '' was pretty much self-declared out of a scientific questionnaire , and the study only shows correlation , not causation . 
  still , it 's evidence to consider . 
  some would say - and i belong to the `` some '' - that when an ally screws up , you do n't cut off relations . 
  instead , you engage with them , diplomatically and economically , and make them see why their policies are misguided . 
  i do n't think , for instance , that the embargo on apartheid south africa did much good , and ultimately that the way the situation was resolved was due to a huge combination of lucky breaks and mandela 's truth and reconciliation . 
  slovakia is within the eu , which is the perfect forum to address these issues - and i say this as a citizen of a country that 's come under fire from the eu regarding its treatment of the roma . 
  let 's get to talk to them , see how well they will apply their court 's legal decision , how long it will take . 
  i 'm definitely not seeing much enthusiasm from them , but their treatment of romani contravenes a number of eu treaties , and the eu should use that . 
  now , is it going to ? 
  i wish i could say yes . 
  true , but i was n't referring to `` people who think lesbians are hot '' and `` homophobic closet homos '' as the same group . 
  i should have been clearer , but then again i was n't gon na spend too much effort on a snarky one-line reddit comment :p, 
  and we all know how `` separate but equal '' ends up working in the real world ... 
  man , i came into this thread thinking i was going to have to defend the roma , but that was just too funny to retort . 
  well played , domnul/doamna . 
  my cousin was part of the un mission to bosnia way back when . 
  he never speaks about it , and i do n't blame him . 
  hopefully he wo n't get out easy like his boss did . 
  they did n't just reject it - they rejected it by 75 % con to 25 % pro . 
  that 's damn impressive . 
  coupled with the restrictions on `` border workers '' , it seems switzerland is more and more content with staying away from the general eu model of regulation and free flow of people . 
  if that works out for them , cool . 
  yes and no . 
  you could , and if your country recognizes transgender identities , you could be legally recognized as a woman ( assuming you 're male ) . 
  however , gender is a serious thing , and the people who identify as another gender usually have a damn good reason for doing so . 
  also , lesbians are hot and do n't threaten to sully the pure thoughts of your average closeted-gay homophobe . 
  should this be interpreted as chinese support for russia against the west ? 
  i really doubt it - i think the chinese have better things to do than intervene here , and they 're content to sit this one out . 
  but it does raise the question of why , and why now ? 
  military exercises are never just for the sake of troop readiness - there 's almost always a message in the maneuver . 
  huh , til . 
  thanks !, 
  vow-sterity ? 
  there 's that one region of russia ( looks to be tatar-speaking , judging from their location ) that uses the word `` dzhkzhnyr '' . 
  anyone wants to pitch in and send them a few crates of vowels ? 
  oh come on , that 's just a general statement of truth , nothing political . 
  cops ca n't be refugees . 
  cops become * migrants * . 
  ... are we the only country where football supporters are content with waving banners saying `` marseille , we fucked your mum '' ? 
  well , he 's actually been a socialist member since 2001 , if memory serves . 
  and has been working closely with hollande since 2010 - way before he ever got a political position . 
  he 's on the right of the ps , that 's true , as far as i 'm concerned he 's legitimate as a member of a socialist government . 
  dominique strauss-kahn . 
  the best economist in french politics , in my opinion . 
  former imf head . 
  also known for trying to fuck every woman in a two-mile radius , despite being married ( that was no big deal ) . 
  accused - on separate occasions - of rape and of participating in a sex-trafficking ring ( that was a very big deal ) . 
  he 'd have a better chance of winning if he 'd been caught raping orphan kittens in a libyan prison camps while chanting sieg heil with each thrust . 
  if you 're looking at business schools ' i 'd say hec , which is modern , generally well-regarded internationally and teaches a lot of the country 's future elite . 
  otherwise , i 'd say the sorbonne . 
  founded in 1257 , specializing in the humanities , law & political science ( which are prestigious fields in themselves in france ) and located in one of the nicest parts of town to boot . 
  they can keep those . 
  no , i do n't think either the establishment or the population would . 
  supporting any country unilaterally declaring independence is a risky political game , especially since canada is our ally and has close ties to both the uk and the us , two other allies . 
  i do n't think we can call the quebecquois an oppressed minority , or the party in an ongoing conflict , like timor-leste or kosovo . 
  so the humanitarian/peacemaking angle does n't work . 
  you 're cousins . 
  the british stole you from us fair and square and i 'd love to see you get out of the anglo 's grasp , just for the sake of belated revenge . 
  but we ought to let go . 
  do n't laugh yet , brits . 
  the time will come when we 'll annex australia ! ... 
  wait , shit , that 's not really yours anymore ... 
  louisiana ! ... 
  wait no , that too , plus we sold it ... 
  scotland ! ... 
  nah , we 're already mates ... erm ... blackpool ? 
   i see him as a potential future french president i hope that whatever greater being there is hears you - he 's the only guy in the french political scene i would vote for with my eyes closed . 
  dsk used to be that guy , but i do n't think he 'd be able to stage a comeback now . 
  but there 's less than zero chance of that ever happening . 
  the french electorate will never trust him . 
  he used to work for a *** bank *** . 
  nah , definitely not , or dsk would be minister by now . 
  it 's mostly got something to do with him being part of the socialists ' establishment since the early 80s , formerly prime minister and commanding a lot of influence within the party , therefore needing to be appeased . 
  but of course if jew prefer to jew jewy jew jew , jew can always jewish jew juwagga jew . 
  there is a slight difference between the situation in iraq and the current one though . 
  iraqi insurgents we 're a guerrilla , operating within the civilian population and whose objective was destabilizing the country until foreign forces left . 
  you do n't bomb that jobs of enemy . 
  isis are their descendents , but they operate in the open like an army and their objective is taking and holding , since they fancy themselves a state . 
  you get more effectiveness out of bombing these guys .
