  and yes , the french text says zionist , not jew , as opposed to the turkish . 
  maybe that 's what he meant . 
  i hope that 's what he meant , that makes it just a little bit less heinous.given how many people use zionist as shorthand for jew in their hatred , though , i doubt it . 
  i just wish the near east would stop exporting its wars here . 
  we did n't do jack . 
  i like that !, 
  plus , we 've got clay wherever they 've got clay ... jamaica ? 
  martinique !, 
  australia ? 
  french polynesia !, 
  falklands ? 
  i 'm starting a kickstarter to build a giant neon flashing middle finger to aim at england . 
  anyone want to pitch in ? 
  the dieudonn\u00e9 crowd is pretty heterogenous . 
  you have anti-semitic muslims , but they 're a minority . 
  you also have traditional far-righters , the sort that make up the english defence league in the uk . 
  skinheads , basically , that use the `` look !, 
  a black guy agrees with us ! '', 
  as an excuse . 
  the biggest component , though , is more ... insidious , i guess would be the word ? 
  there 's a whole undercurrent of anti-zionism in france ( maybe other countries too ? ), 
  that lapses into anti-semitism pretty quick . 
  they 're anti-zionist because they see israel behave like a rogue state , with the support of the us ( which is enough of an indictment for a lot of french people , because remember us = * baaaaaaaaaaad * ) and little support for palestine . 
  they come from all political walks of life - including the left . 
  but these guys end up lapsing into anti-semitism . 
  why does france not oppose zionism ? 
  well duh , because powerful zionists control politicians !, 
  why are zionists so powerful ? 
  well duh , because they 're * teh joooooooooooos !! 1 !, 
  * you know the quenelle ? 
  the arm sign invented by dieudonn\u00e9 as a sort of rallying cry for anti-zionism ? 
  in itself , it 's fine , and i understand why one would be anti-zionist . 
  but the moment dieudonn\u00e9 supporters took pictures of themselves making the quenelle in front a synagogue gate , or at the holocaust memorial in berlin , it stopped being about zionism . 
  point taken , you 're right . 
  there 's a crowd of anti-zionist conspirators that quite often swerve into full-on anti-semitism . 
  i assume you were referring to alain soral ? 
  that said , the elders of zion itself is such a discredited piece that only the most rabid anti-semites hold on to , that i 'm not sure even soral still pushes it . 
  the amount of confusion going on between israel and judaism is terrifying . 
  the conspiracy theories as well . 
  in france , i have never met a guy who believed in the protocols of the elders of zion who also was n't a muslim . 
  not to say all of them believe it , but you know what i mean . 
  until the 7/7 bombings and the recent london riots , i would have thought so too . 
  the french and british system are based on different ideals but they seem to work equally well ( or not , it seems ... ), 
  but the thing is , now , the dynamic has reversed in france . 
  massive amounts of money and resources are pouring into the banlieues , public transit projects are being created to give better access to paris , affirmative action to give people from the banlieues access to top school ( contrary to us affirmative action , this is not race-based . 
  you do have white people in the banlieues , and immigrants from other areas do n't qualify ) and so on . 
  it just does n't work . 
  most of them do n't want to be integrated even if it was easy . 
  as i said ( and / u/neutrolgreek 's article as well ) everything that represents the wider world , even firefighters or paramedics , is the enemy for them . 
  social workers and doctors are routinely threatened and chased out of the areas ( some doctors have been burgled by people looking to steal prescription sheets to fake prescriptions for drugs to sell ... ) it 's a neverending cycle . 
  we had more immigration waves than just that one ( polish , italian , portuguese ) in the early 20th century and they turned out `` better '' as well . 
  the difference is that in this particular case , it was a massive , coordinated effort by the government to get people in and they were voluntarily kept apart from the rest of the population . 
  not because `` hurr durr let 's keep the darkies away from us real people '' , although i 'm sure some people did think that . 
  rather because those were the only places we could put them at the time . 
  you have no idea what kind of isolation comes from that . 
  the us ghettos , the chinatowns , the little italies have ** nothing ** on the utter seclusion of the banlieues . 
  that paragraph is spot-on , but there are bits in the rest of the linked article i could n't agree with . 
  it 's disingenuous to say that judges will let criminals walk `` out of sympathy '' . 
  rather , politicians trying to appear `` progressive '' and gather votes for the next elections make it so less and less punishment is handed out for the crime , and the judges must obey . 
  also , the judges know that prisons are overcrowded , unsanitary and function as unofficial recruitment offices for jihadists . 
  therefore they try to give out alternative punishment . 
  that said , it 's true that prison does n't work anymore , given the repeat offense rate . 
  if alternatives work , i support them 100 % , even if they sound less like `` punishment '' and more like `` re-education '' . 
  you really think the government 's gon na let ( gasp ! ), 
  change happen without trying to kill it ? 
  there 's gon na be a law outright banning uber in a few months , count on it . 
  the paris picture lacks the best features of parisian taxis . 
  the rude driver , the refusal to transport you if you 're not going his way , the racism , the smell of food or smoke in the cab , the reckless and dangerous driving , the deliberate wrong ways to charge more , the suspended driver 's license , the incessant strikes , the impossibility of getting one after 11 pm , the violence against competitors ... yeah , parisian taxis suck . 
  plus major football games . 
  also when they 're perfectly content . 
  the paris protest had been forbidden by the authorities ( the police prefect has the authority to forbid a protest and intervene if there are risks ) . 
  a previous pro-palestine protest had been disturbed by clashes between the protesters and the jdl , and that one had been forbidden as a response . 
  if they 'd really intended to protest peacefully , they would have respected that and found another time/place to organize . 
  from the moment they went ahead , they were just looking for an excuse to throw shit at the cops . 
   they do n't seem to be anything like the poor suburban communities i 've had some experience of in my life . 
  i 'm shooting in the dark here , but i think it 's because they were `` engineered '' in a way . 
  i 'm speaking for france here , but i guess the british communities are the same - brits , please correct me if that 's not true . 
  france after ww2 needed a workforce to rebuild . 
  they had a lot of work to do and not enough men ( because of casualties and because there was a lot of work to do ) . 
  what they did have though was a colonial empire . 
  a lot of senegalese , moroccan , ivorian , congolese ... whatever other african minority people were brought in . 
  they were given the promise of lucrative ( for them ) jobs in construction , money to send home , a better life , and so on . 
  originally working men only , in the late 40s , 50s and early 60s , but afterwards their families were allowed to join them under a policy known as '' * regroupement familial * '' . 
  the thing is , there also was n't enough housing to put them in . 
  so new housing was constructed , geared towards housing as many people in as little a space as possible . 
  great housing projects in the undeveloped land outside of paris , because the authorities could n't / did n't want to put new buildings in paris itself ( with a few exceptions ) . 
  for a few years , this worked out . 
  yes there was racism , yes there was a large number of new arrivals with completely different cultures , religions , and sometimes languages mixing in with the french working class , but based on what older people ( native french and immigrant french ) have told me , as long as people showed up to work and did their stuff , they were respected . 
  as i mentioned above , their families joined them in the projects , and sometimes their kids as well . 
  the projects became cultural islands were you had very little native french people and the dominant cultures were the various immigrants ' . 
  not everyone got a house in the projects . 
  the area that is now the business district of la d\u00e9fense was at one point a slum housing immigrants waiting for more permanent accommodation . 
  and when i say slum , [ i mean it looked like this ] ( http://etatsdulieu.files.wordpress.com/2010/03/bidonville_nanterre_2.jpg ) . 
  that was in the '70s . 
  that system crashed with the end of the postwar boom in the mid-70s . 
  a lot of people lost their jobs , and the immigrants being almost all working-class , were badly affected . 
  a whole generation of kids grew watching their parents scrape by on unemployment . 
  the resulting mindset is something like `` france brought my family over and screwed them . 
  add to that the fact that the best way to get money is through illegal means , the fact that they adopted us `` thug culture '' that fetishizes crime and getting rich , and you have very , very pissed off people who hate everything that is n't themselves . 
  i 'm not trying to excuse their actions , just explain them .
