  the juncker-schultz election was a good start , no matter the dirty details , and we needto keep that up . 
  i think the lack of accountability , or the perception thereof , is slowly killing the union . 
  that 's what we need to solve . 
  realistically ... 
  i think the eu will be exactly where it is now . 
  i do n't expect mogherini to succeed where ashton did n't even try , or tusk - despite his qualities - to have more influence than van rompuy . 
  i dont ' expect the commission to reform itself , or the meps to unwedge their heads from their asses . 
  the 2019 election will probably have even more anti-european parties enter parliament . 
  space is full of semi-stable fusion reactors that eventually blow up and spray toxic gases over cosmic distances . 
  they 're called stars . 
  i do n't think a few spent fissile materials would change ... well , anything . 
  what you said there is the explicit or implicit plan of mots of the big oil companies . 
  they may want to extract oil resources until the last drop , they all know that fossil resources are by definition limited , and most of them invest tons of dough in `` new energy '' divisions ( wind power , tidal power , hydrogen cells , and geothermal mostly ) . 
  take it easy , you ca n't integrate countries in a personal union until they 've been stable for 50 years . 
  empire mk2 is still a few decades around the corner . 
  what 's that you say ? 
  real life is n't governed by europa universalis iv rules ? 
  they lied to me . 
  i am not sure , but i do n't believe so . 
  according to wikipedia , though , the french language is making a comeback in school and in higher education as the lingua franca . 
  i do n't know how extensive that change is . 
  i see they have n't replied yet . 
  it 's gon na take time though : belgium has something to say to germany , the netherlands , spain , and france . 
   they really like us for some reason . 
  wait a sec , i forgot which one is which in the balkans . 
  are you the guys who fought a guerilla war against the ottomans for 600 years , or the guys who converted to islam , then fought a guerilla war against them for 200 years ? 
  is n't portuguese one of the recognized official languages of eq . 
  guinea though ? 
  besides , is guinea bissau in that union ? 
  if it is , you 've already got one human rights violator , why not a second one ? 
   with vietnam/indochina any relationship has practically disappeared . 
  it 's a bit like your assessment of quebec though . 
  there are a lot of personal relationships , it 's still a popular holiday destination , and there 's a lot of vietnamese/cambodian immigration to france . 
  also -  there 's a strong relationship with our sub-saharan african former colonies , in the sense that we 're basically their police . 
  and their political advisors . 
  meanwhile , they 're our oil fields and uranium deposits , so it 's a working relationship , 
  to be fair , you 'd be hard pressed to find * someone * zimbabwe does n't hate . 
  if by `` feel most like home '' you mean which country feels most similar to france , i 'd say belgium . 
  wallonia in particular . 
  switzerland is pretty similar , but there are a few crucial cultural differences , even with the french-speaking part of switzerland . 
  if you mean , which country i feel most welcome and `` at home '' in , i would say the uk , italy and poland . 
  other countries are great but i 've always loved those three nations and their people for so many reasons . 
  bilingual french-english . 
  i can also handle myself in spanish , mostly written and read though ( seriously , you spanish-speakers need to slow the hell down ) . 
  i do just enough indonesian and swahili to get by , but i do n't think those qualify as european languages . 
  eh , i do n't blame anyone for anything , i just retaliate by attempting to teach my cat to crap down on her balcony . 
  or maybe i was joking about everything . 
  i do n't know ... 
  the fn of the 90s and before was much more like the bnp , outwardly racist and stuff . 
  in the later years and especially after marine le pen took over , they slid their brand of populism to look more like ukip 's . 
  funny thing is , as i understand , ukip 's rise came at the expense of the bnp , where in france none of the far-right movements formed to compete against the fn had much success and the change came from the fn itself . 
   the last generation of migrants that showed some respect my downstairs neighbours is from a spanish immigrant family . 
  all fucking summer long , the hallways stinks of frying oil for tortillas de patate . 
  `` showed some respect '' , my ass . 
  shit , it 's not even always about race . 
  the fn 's economic `` program '' ( and i 'm not even sure it can be called that ) is based on stupid assumptions , misunderstanding of economic law and the belief that leaving the eu will magically solve all our problems . 
  immigration did n't cause the rise of the fn in france ; both the ps and the ump 's failure to bring back jobs and economic growth ( mostly because of their fear to launch in-depth reforms ) did . 
  people are turning to the fn because it 's the only thing that has n't been tried , and because le pen is really good at ignoring the multiple debunkings of her economic ideas . 
  if and when they get to power , people are just going to realise they 're the same as all the others before them , and maybe worse . 
  and valls himself was born spanish , became french through naturalization . 
  almost anyone could . 
  right now , it 's ... not a good time to be german in france . 
  the problem with asking for condemnation from the wider ummah is that there is no centralised voice of islam . 
  there 's no muslim pope that has influence over all muslims . 
  take france . 
  there is a council of imams that represent a lot of the major mosques in the country , and the mufti of the grand mosque of paris has the informal role of `` patriarch '' , more or less . 
  he 's a moderate , sensible guy , who thinks we need to stop throwing explosive shit at each other and calm the fuck down . 
  sensible enough , but everytime he speaks out for peace , some muslims elsewhere accuse him of having been bought by ~ ~ jew ~ ~ zionist money . 
  and people outside the ummah will hear the ones who scream the loudest . 
  it 's unfair to all the others , but i do n't know what solution would work . 
  is it proven that the saudis fund isis ? 
  not defending them , but i remember reading somewhere that saudi arabia and qatar actually fund different groups . 
  qatar , for instance , funded the muslim brotherhood , which angered saudi arabia and the arab emirates since they 're anti-saudi influence themselves . 
  i know isis is partly funded by qatar , so i 'm surprised their saudi enemies would also support them . 
  is n't that breaking the geneva convention ? 
  sounds like the company that makes american targeting computers also makes russian gps modules . 
  same accuracy . 
  well , technically yes , i was just making fun for the sake of making fun . 
  although , if you look at their official historiography , their assessment is that once the nep took hold in the soviet union , and created a `` new bourgeoisie '' of kulaks and nepmen , stalin took power by looking after the interests of that new bourgeoisie . 
  therefore stalinism is n't communist because stalin 's regime was bourgeois . 
  which is , you know , dubious given that the first tenants of the gulags were kulaks and nepmen . 
   an allegedly artistic `` anticapitalist '' festival in the french countryside oh man , i feel your pain ... how did you feel when you first saw a bar of soap again ? 
  did you manage to get the smell of goat 's piss and unwashed hair out of your clothes ? 
  but seriously , i feel like i have to defend some of them - this is true of 100 % of them , but i feel like the one party on the far left that does care about the working class in the real sense of the term is lutte ouvri\u00e8re . 
  unfortunately , they 're acting like stalin is still a groundbreaking new thinker . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  well , `` seriously '' as in `` people seriously believe it would be beneficial '' , not `` seriously '' as in `` people have presented action plans and road maps for an exit strategy and ways to minimize the adverse effects of leaving the euro . '', 
   what is this `` aust\u00e9rit\u00e9 '' people keep moaning about ? 
  well , i do n't know either ... :p  surely montebourg and the more intelligent among the socialist left wing understand that they are basically scuttling their own party ? 
  it 's pretty much come to the point where ideological differences are too heavy and matter more than party unity . 
  according to more left-leaning people on / r/france for instance , the parti socialiste since hollande came to power has moved to the right . 
  the only parties that could be called `` left-wing '' now are the greens , the semi-communist front de gauche , and the anti-capitalist npa and lo parties . 
  so if you 're part of the `` far-left '' within the ps , you see your own party move to the right and you want to pull it back to the left to avoid giving free rein to the fdg and the greens on this side . 
  that 's the important part , and if it tears the party apart , so be it . 
  i think it would make sense , too . 
  the right wing of the ps would feel more at home as a separate party within the center , and maybe absorb the existing centrist parties . 
  the bigger part of the ps would be there , with a smaller part taking the now-vacant place as the new leftist party between the centre and the fdg . 
  we do try !, 
  as to where the fault lies , i think you 'll get different answers depending on the political and economic opinions of the person you ask . 
  left-leaning people will say it 's mostly or entirely his fault for not turning away from austerity measures ( as i 've said before , whether or not he has implemented true austerity is a point of debate ) despite evidence that it does n't work , and stubbornly refuses to listen to alternative propositions .
