  i think there 's a lot of factors there - no secularism in britain , the tendency for civil society to stay out of religious matters whereas in france there is a lot of intervention ... 
  but i also think some of it is due to the fact that , compared to other european countries , a disproportionately large part of britain 's muslim population comes from pakistan . 
  even those who are born in britain still have some family in pakistan . 
  now , i 'm going to come across as a bigot , but i think pakistan as a whole has one of the most radicalised , violent cultures , caught between tribal culture and radical islam . 
  it 's the operating base of the taliban , and even its secular government is said to have ties to al-qaeda . 
  given that , i would n't be surprised if radical networks operating out of pakistan would find it easier to get a foothold in britain compared to other countries . 
  of course , individual brits of pakistani origin are n't to blame - but it only takes a small number to create trouble . 
  these sound like chechen , or at least central asian names . 
  can anyone confirm ? 
  people tend to forget that charity to the poor , for instance , is one of the five great pillars of islam . 
  i ca n't imagine the qataris doing a lot of that . 
  i did n't catch that !, 
  ** psa to all ** : if attac says anything regarding global finance , please disregard it . 
  no exceptions . 
  list of social changes implemented through the occupy movement 's activism : -, 
  yeah , i got the notion that `` financing through households '' means taxation , but banks ? 
  does that also mean taxation , or does it mean borrowing from nationalised banks ( therefore outside the `` markets '' ) at controlled conditions ? 
  basically , getting free money ? 
   this is plain false . 
  in the past 30 years , from 1978 to 2012 more precisely , french public spending has in fact decreased by two gdp points . 
  what , then , explains the rise in public debt ? 
  first , a fall in the tax revenues of the state . 
  when public spending falls by two gdp points in a time of growth ( globally , from 1978 to 2012 , not counting individual economic busts ) , public spending still increases in absolute terms . 
  the fact that tax revenues have fallen is clearly true , but i do n't think it invalidates the `` spending argument '' : successive governments have reduced taxes , sometimes rightly so , sometimes not , but none have taken the politically-risky measure of reducing spending along with it . 
  if you reduce your revenue and do n't constrain your spending at the same time , you 're gon na end up in debt . 
  the sentence i quoted above is so ideologically charged it 's not even funny . 
  it 's like the author considers a high-tax , high-spend state the natural situation and wo n't even see how you could interpret the change differently . 
  i wish i was qualified to comment on his analysis of interest rates , because if he 's willing to present the numbers in such a skewed way , i 'm sure he 's got other nuggets elsewhere in the article . 
  i 'm pretty sure greek-americans and turkish-americans still hate each other 's guts over the fall of constantinople . 
  4th right here . 
  well , your name is a quebec swear word ... that 's not really nordic , but it is northern . 
  are the french and the british peeved for the same reasons though ? 
  i get the impression that the british have an issue with political union in and of itself . 
  the french are n't opposed to the idea of europe . 
  they want europe to conform 100 % to the french model , though , and become anti-european when they realise other nations have their own opinions . 
  i believe so , but it 's a slow change . 
  the older , more left-wing generations will say it 's economic and cultural imperialism , but the influx of american culture in europe has created a `` i want to make it '' mindset that is slowly replacing the `` i want the state to take care of me '' mindset . 
  on top of that , the economic hit of 2008 showed the young generation that it was useless to expect anyone to take care of you , because everyone 's in the crapper now . 
  more and more young french people become entrepreneurs , more and more leave to work abroad ... at the same time , in that generation , we are seeing a rise in anti-capitalism , and i mean the full-on , unwashed , dreadlocked occupy first-world anarchist kind of anti-capitalism . 
  they 're not numerous enough to weigh on the political spectrum - yet - but they 're vocal . 
  saying germany `` calls the shots '' is generally right , but in this particular case is oversimplification . 
  merkel is n't going to lord her weight around for shits and giggles , she was ( is ) pro-juncker and was ready to accept him as president . 
  the real instigator here is cameron , and that 's when juncker became a political liability for merkel . 
   should parliament be defeated , it would be tantamount to the betrayal of all voters i ca n't believe this is n't being reported further . 
  i voted with the understanding i would help choose the european president . 
  that 's the only thing that got me to get off my ass and go vote , unlike 57 % of voters in my country . 
  fifty-fucking-seven-fucking-percent . 
  and the winner was a party whose main line on europe is that it takes powers away from french voters . 
  what the fuck do you want to do , prove them right ? 
  ding-ding , this man 's got it . 
  germany is the credit line to the rest of europe . 
  its economy outperforms most of western europe , which gives them extra clout . 
  even countries that have n't benefited from german financial support , such as france , are weary of antagonizing merkel in case they crumble at some point and need to gain access to german cash soon . 
  that made me want to wear a balaclava and throw a molotov cocktail at a t-90 tank . 
  as / u/houad said , i too am a bit surprised that france 2 said that , but calling us capitalism `` imperialism '' is not that uncommon in french media . 
  and i mean mainstream media , not `` first-world-anarchists-blogging-in-their-parents ' - garages '' . 
  there is this diffuse belief that us companies serve the us ' political interests and actively work to make all other countries dependent on the us economy and bind them to servitude . 
  i do n't know ... `` imp\u00e9ralisme capitaliste am\u00e9ricain '' is a pretty popular phrase with the mediapart/@si/lib\u00e9ration crowd . 
  i am , however , surprised that it was said on france 2 . 
   do people really believe the state alone can carry this much ? 
  yes . 
  i wo n't say france is a country of stalinists , because it 's not true . 
  but i 'm pretty sure most people would be 100 % ok with a fully state-owned economy where the state would guarantee a job and fill all needs of the people . 
  one example : if you study french news , you must be familiar with the story of florange . 
  for those who do n't , florange is a city in eastern france where one of the last steel mills in the country is located . 
  steel mills in europe are pointless when you can import cheap steel from india or china , and florange 's owner , lakshmi mittal or arecelormittal , wanted to close down roughly half the mill and use the rest for experimental new production techniques . 
  negotiations between the unions , the state ( who promised to safeguard the jobs ) and mittal became increasingly tense and hostile , up to the point where the minister of industry , mr. montebourg , very seriously brought to the table the expropriation and nationalisation of the mill . 
  now , montebourg is known for being a loose cannon among the gov ` t. 
  however , try to imagine that plan being implemented : what point is there for the state to own and manage a crumbling steel mill that has no competitive advantage and no national significance ? 
  but the mind-boggling part came right afterwards : the unions absolutely fucking cheered . 
  they wanted nothing mor ethan to worwk for the state for the rest of their lives , and screwing over their current employers was a bonus . 
  imagine : when the negotiations finally resumed and an agreement with mittal was found * that safeguarded all the jobs in florange * , the workers actually , honestly * protested * because the final deal did n't include nationalization . 
  get your mind around that . 
   and also : is anyone making your same self-analysis . 
  in the media i mean . 
  again , the answer is yes and no . 
  quite a few media groups andpersonalities pinpoint the rise of the fn as a result of disgust with the current establishment , but nobody suggests any changes because of that . 
  instead , the proposed solution is to `` educate '' the `` masses '' about how government and society works , which i feel is condescending and compounds the problem . 
  i do n't see how it 's mutually exclusive . 
  there 's defiance from the uk towards the eu , and resentment from the eu towards the uk . 
  that 's what i meant , at least , maybe i did n't express myself correctly . 
  basically , nobody wants to play nice . 
  i think , without being too much of an armchair psychologist , that putin has no concept of a power other than military and political . 
  it does n't matter if the eu gets together solely as an economic and administrative union - all he will see is a bunch of armies banding together . 
  my guess is that , ultimately , the uk does n't feel like they belong in the eu . 
  negotiating with european countries , to them , is more like hostile negotiations with a rogue state than actual consensus-building among allies . 
   do you think that the lower classes might have decided that this was all a pile of bullshit?that yes , why not , they would love to get rich , after a lifetime of struggle , what 's bad in it ? 
  yes ... and no . 
  among the working class , there is the awareness that they have gotten poorer and poorer . 
  i have examples in my own extended family . 
  there 's also the fact that the unions are so ideologically frozen that they 're sometimes actively working against workers ' interests for the sake of toeing the party line , so who do they turn to ? 
  the `` intellectual left '' is very much despised among that class for promoting `` intellectualism '' and rejecting materialism while being comfortable . 
  saying we need to move past consumerist society is easy to say , but hard to hear when your washing machine breaks down and you just do n't have the money to replace it . 
  they wo n't turn to the right-wing parties , however , because their pro-business agenda also includes reducing benefits and social programs in order to `` un-bloat '' the state , and make the job market more flexible to incentivize companies to hire . 
  that does n't sit well with working-class people , who still mostly look to the state , and not to the market , to solve their economic situation . 
  then you have the far-left parties . 
  we have four - four - political parties that reject the free market outright and call for heavy state intervention or planning . 
  two of them , united in the `` front the gauche '' ( left front ) are a political force assembling roughly 6 % of the electorate . 
  the other two hover between 2 and 4 % each . 
  but the far-left is ideologically dead .
