  right-leaning , pro-austerity people will tell you that the fault is shared between him and montebourg : hollande has n't taken the budgetary measures far enough for them to show results , while montebourg lacks economic sense and makes everyone 's lives shit by publicly agitating against his boss 's economic policies . 
  as for the mandates , basically the president is elected and nominates the pm , and can `` accept his resignation '' ( = fire him ) almost at will . 
  although it 's only happened when there was a real case for it . 
  it has become unfortunately common these past few years , starting with jacques chirac 's second presidency ( 2002-2007 ) to have government `` reshuffles '' where , after a political setback , the government shows their willingness to be serious from now on by having the pm resign and be re-nominated almost instantly ( that 's not exactly how it happens , but hey ) . 
  the government is then formally dismissed and re-formed , either with differences or with almost the same ministers save one or two public sacrifices/promotions/whatever . 
  can , should n't . 
  [ artist 's impression ] ( http://mythsandhitches.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/photo.jpg ), 
  actually it 's pretty much the same frequency . 
  only difference is in france , the pm serves as a fall guy to take the blame on everything and we do n't need to re-elect anybody when it happens . 
  the 2010s will be the worldwide decade of political trolling . 
  i am very disappointed that this is not a thing . 
  i do n't want to know which is which ... 
  i do n't want to defend the bankers and traders , but classical keynesianism was pretty clear on the `` constrain spending when the going gets better '' , which very few european countries , and certainly not france , have done in the past 40 years . 
  i mean , runaway finance caused the crisis , but one of the reasons the french economy was fragile in the first place is the previous generations of politicians thinking * `` on the one hand , sound economics says i should reduce public spending ... on the other hand , people vote for me if i give them free money !, 
  why am i even debating this ? 
   ( ... ) the problem is that there are n't enough lucrative investment targets ( ... ) i agree on the regulation angle . 
  coming from france , and having studied in finland , i 've seen the effect it has . 
  however i do n't think just de-regulating the market ( you give the example of smes , which is spot on ) will suffice . 
  a lot of industries depend on public-sector contracts and , at least in france , a lot of things could be renovatd ( schools , hospitals , that sort of thing ) . 
   that is more or less impossible . 
  i wo n't even pretend i know * how * it could be implemented , i just think it 's necessary to avoid , like the metaphor went in the '80s , `` fueling japan 's recovery with our public money '' ( gross oversimplification , i know , but still ) . 
  it 's probably impossible indeed , but i do n't know . 
   this never happens . 
  agreed 100 % , that 's why i do n't trust them to do it this time . 
  as a frenchman and a former socialist , i really do n't know how to feel about this . 
  i think the best course of action is 1 ) use public spending to boost national production and consumption , like the new deal did . 
  2 ) find ways to make sure national production is prioritized to avoid channeling the public spending into imports , as it happened in 1980 's france , because that defeats the point . 
  3 ) tighten your budget like fuck once the situation gets better and return to responsible public spending . 
  i 'm pretty sure `` austerity measures '' ( although whether france has implemented true austerity is a point of debate ) will fail to bring growth , but let 's be honest for a minute : successive french governments were proudly irresponsible with their finances during the best of times , does anyone really believe they will be responsible once we 're out of this mess ? 
  i certainly do n't trust them to . 
  i 'm sure in their minds , that would be surrendering to * `` les anglo-saxons '' * and cost them precious votes . 
  on top of that , france has structural problems beyond public spending that nobody wants to touch , and that some thinkers are slowly egding towards maybe suggesting that potentially reforms could be not-horrible ( which is an unbelievable change from 10 years ago ) . 
  i 'm not sure that if we move away from austerity-mandated reforms we 'll ever touch these structural issues . 
  i ** really ** do n't know how to feel about this . 
  so wait , the story was actually made up by foreign media ? 
  man ... we had a similar case a few years back , but it turned out the alleged victim had made it up for attention , not actual journalists looking for a story ... 
  shit , i 'm screwed . 
  in sicily ... 
  does that include the cost of `` protection '' ? 
  i 'd say as french first , as parisian second , as european third . 
  then everything else in a disorganised jumble . 
  the cash itself is petty change for a saudi prince , i think ( well , not exactly petty cash , but not something they 'd be too distraught over ) . 
  the documents are the worrying thing . 
  they 're said to be `` sensitive '' by the embassy , which can mean anything . 
  i do n't expect an embassy convoy to carry the shutdown codes for the saudi oil-production grid or anything like that - well , i hope not - but the thieves may be looking to exploit them . 
  or , you know , maybe it 's just the john le carr\u00e9 fan in me spazzing out . 
  europa universalis 4 tells me it 's the coat of arms of ukraine . 
  i 'm not sure what the emblem is supposed to represent though . 
  well , there goes their chance of joining the eu . 
  you know , 'cause they were just * begging * to do that anyway . 
  luxembourg does n't have sheep anymore . 
  they leased their sheep to ireland at a 12.53 % cyclic interest rate reviewed every five fiscal years relating to the aggregated value of the ftse index and the raw capital gains of the cac 40 companies . 
  quite a bullish market , if i say so myself . 
  you have rocketses ? 
  reverse poland can into space !, 
  more and more people are taking brexit seriously . 
  quite frankly , until now i did n't believe it had a snowball 's chance of going through , but since everyone seems to be preparing in case it happens ... 
  does anyone know what kind of a reception those `` exiles '' would find in ireland ? 
  i mean , the uk is one of the best places , regulation wise , for them in the eu . 
  would ireland be just as good for them ? 
  [ a tropical lake ? 
  a water-hole in the middle of the canadian forest ? 
  ] ( http://www.francebleu.fr/sites/default/files/imagecache/462_ressource/2013/08/04/751860/images/dsc-0069.jpg ) nope . 
  that 's twenty minutes ' drive from paris . 
  not the place you 'd imagine those colors . 
  also , the lake is a former limestone mine that was filled with water , and its beautiful color comes from the highly toxic and corrosive chemicals that were used for mining and are now in the water . 
  people die every year swimming in there , but hey ... at least it looks good . 
  i think i 've been there !, 
  near mikulov , right ? 
  i did some farm work one summer when i was a kid . 
  i did n't have the chance to visit much but i remember there being a minaret , just chillin ' in central europe ... 
  [ here 's a picture ] ( http://paril.crdp.ac-caen.fr/_productions/memorial/enfants/res/image%20enfants%20juifs%20rue.jpg ) from a public park which actually says `` playground . 
  reserved for children . 
  no entry for jews '' . 
  the `` dogs and jews '' sign actually [ comes from a restaurant ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-_p23hldc_-q/uvtblhbhyti/aaaaaaaaagm/anqydzcmwvk/s1600/restaurant+interdit+juif.jpeg ) . 
  my apologies for the misrepresentation . 
  i was n't sure until the end that they would include corsica . 
  corsica is a bit of a strange case ; it 's the one in the list ( that i know of ) where the national political establishment is against independence , but the wider population absolutely is . 
  there 's incredible amounts of money poured into the region , dead policemen and civilians over the past twenty years , basically more trouble than it 's worth . 
  i am also surprised at the inclusion of brittany - breton culture is strong and enjoys a lot of popularity in wider france , but political independence has been off the map for decades - as i recall , the breton separatists killed some people in the 70s , which do shocked the breton people that they turned against independence . 
  this is the shelling of the night !, 
  the night !, 
  the sad thing is , this is true . 
  in france at least , opinions are fluid , self adjusting to whatever disagrees more with current american policy . 
   and a strong jewish diaspora is the best argument against zionism pretty much . 
  a cousin of mine and his family is jewish ( through marriage and conversion , but that 's something else ) and they 're serious , orthodox and highly rabbinical jews , as well as highly zionist . 
  they do n't feel safe here , and i give them about two years before they pack up and become israeli . 
  hell , maybe their kid ( he 's like 14 ) will end up joining the idf or voting for likud ... 
  probably something involving stoning . 
  just a hunch ... 
  i 'm not sure how sykes-picot related to the arab israeli conflict ? 
  although i agree it had effects on the rest of the region . 
  also , my last point was made more emotionally than logically . 
  i 'm aware the west played a hand in the creation of israel as a state . 
  still , the west did n't force the arab states to declare war on israel in 1948 , nor did they force the israeli government to occupy the west bank `` because yhwh said so '' . 
  yes , we 're at the inception of it all , but they had countless shots to fix it and they refused . 
  plus , the one guy who had a good chance got assassinated . 
  it 's going to be really hard not to reach the godwin point here . 
  in vichy france , public parks had `` no entry for dogs and jews '' signs on their gates . 
  this guy is not a state , just a random scumfucker , but he 's managed to do worse .
