  some of what they do is not only ethically unexcusable , it 's also actively against their interest . 
  one of their favorite games is to set fire to something , wait until the firefighters show up and drop stones , bricks and cinderblocks on the fire truck . 
  the result now is that firefighters will wait 15 minutes for a police escort before going into a project . 
  15 minutes is enough for a lot of people to die in a fire . 
  likewise , public transport such as buses have been shot at with ak-47s and shotguns . 
  a lot of bus lines have been discontinued , either temporarily or permanently , and the people in the projects who work have more and more trouble getting to work ( the projects are usually badly connected to public transit to start with ) . 
  so to recap , you 've got : voluntarily dense population , with cultures different from the rest of france , poverty , a sort of self-sustained existence from which it 's hard to get out ... add all that and you 've got people feeding into a cycle of hate on both sides that keeps making the situation worse . 
  given the area of paris they were protesting in , i doubt any of the looted shops had any iphones or nikes . 
  probably more like a couple of kebabs and a counterfeit t-shirt or two . 
  so doctors the world over are part of a global network of spies-for-hire ? 
  that explains so much ... 
  i 'm a idealist , so to me any voter turnout that 's below 100 % is too low . 
  seriously , 80 % turnout means 1 french person out of 5 did n't care enough to use their right to select weep would be the next leader of the country . 
  that 's ... not the way politics * should * work , in my book . 
  kids learn about the workings of the state in french schools . 
  what the parliament does , the difference between senate and assembly , how laws are passed , that sort of stuff . 
  that 's in middle school for the basics , and in high school you learn a little more about , say , the centralized system of the state , the roles of different ministries or agencies , the judicial system , etc. 
  back when i was in school , i did n't learn about the various parties and leaders and opinions . 
  i think the reason it 's not taught is because you do n't want the teacher to introduce their opinions on a lecture and influence the kids . 
  the end result is just that kids end up having the same politics as their parents . 
  i did , for the first 20 years of my life or so , but funnily enough i were n't to the exact opposite once i got personally involved . 
  well , that ... kind of explains why they wo n't go anywhere . 
  unless they resort to terrorism , but i do n't think they 'd want to . 
  and a bumper sticker with your religion is the best way of getting your car burned ... 
   3 ) unions are seen as slow and ineffective , and americans like efficiency . 
  they do n't want to wait 2 hours so someone can tighten a bolt or 3 so someone can unfold a folding table . 
  and they certainly do n't want things like a horeshoer at a water treatment plant that has no horses that the union makes them keep in a bankrupt city h. . . h. . . holy shit . 
  from the article :  ( ... ) the local union president said it is `` not possible '' to eliminate positions . 
  please , please , * please * tell me that 's an isolated , extreme case . 
  right , sorry for the * whoosh *, 
  they 're gon na bring him back in !? 
  i swear , this is how dictatorships start . 
  elio di rupo is going to be the best-dressed dictator in europe soon . 
  huh what ? 
  is n't he a francophone ? 
  so it was still elio di rupo ? 
  i thought he 'd been replaced already ... 
  / u/moogle1214 said it best :  there was no unified message , except that `` we 're pissed off '' . 
  you had people protesting weed laws , too big to fail , banks bonuses , unions ( both for and against ) . 
  also , and possibly because of that , the occupy movement completely failed to translate that into political action ... not even electing a couple of representatives . 
  shit , even the tea party nutcases succeeded in doing that . 
  you 're talking about the nationwide leaders . 
  some of them are good , although i would n't trust bernard thibault to ride my bicycle without breaking it . 
  the new generation of leaders ( laurent berger , thierry lepaon , etc. ), 
  look promising . 
  but those are n't the ones that intervene directly in company business - they talk to government . 
  if you take * local * union leaders , guys like edouard martin or even philippe poutou ... 
  these guys are blatantly unqualified to manage anything . 
  huh , til . 
  that citation is a lot less quotable than the one i expected , but it 's pretty funny . 
  i can speak for france , and i think the following applies to a lot of eurpe too : i ** think ** people do n't wear their opinions on their sleeves in europe the way they do in the us . 
  that includes politics and religion . 
  you do n't have `` honk if you hate obamacare '' bumper stickers , or stuff like that . 
  facebook likes are part of that , in a way . 
  people follow politics closely . 
  since our countries are smaller than the us , and with a lot more extensive governments and public sectors , a political decision will affect a lot more people ( proportionally ) than a us bill or law . 
  same for the elections : we may have relatively low voter turnout ( think it was in the 80 % range in 2012 in france ) but we 're engaged in the surrounding debates . 
  as for whether europeans are more knowledgeable ... 
  i think most europeans follow us politics , at least roughly , because it can affect us . 
  we also know the basics of foreign policy and relationships with our direct neighbors , including their heads of government . 
  ( right now , i can list them all except the belgian and luxemburger pm ... 
  sorry , guys ! ), 
  i know teachers ' unions are pretty bad in the uk , they kind of suck in france as well . 
  here , public transit workers are pretty terrible too . 
  but that does n't change the need for worker 's representation , just a different type of it . 
  few companies can afford to `` wait out '' a strike , especially if it lasts , say , a month . 
  there are orders to fill , deadlines to make , and new orders to add to the books . 
  if you ca n't make your customers ' deadlines , you lose the money you would have made , maybe you even have to pay damages to the customer ( if there is a clause in the contract to that effect ) , and your relationship with said customer could be irrepairably damaged . 
  between the company and the workers , in most cases , the company 's going to choke first . 
  no offense , but `` your generation '' ( i 'm assuming we 're roughly the same age , so it should be `` our generation '' ) has the occupy movement . 
  that 's just as stupid , if in another direction . 
  heh , steinbeck said * `` socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires . 
  '' * did n't think that would be so true . 
  i would n't support giving half the board to the unions , because as important as conflict resolution is , i think company strategy is more important , and strategic decisions are better handled by people who are trained and experienced with these kinds of decisions and removed from the `` factory floor '' , if you will . 
  it 's still important for unions to get their word in , but not to help steer the company . 
  but then again , that 's just my political opinion and not an objective truth . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people here would disagree . 
   for many , it 's a complete reversal of thought what do you mean ? 
  americans trust the executives/company bosses more than they trust the unions ? 
  i 've seen that in discussions with americans before , but i do n't understand the * why * of it . 
  tell me about it . 
  i 'm an oil-industry guy , have been all my life , and shell has a reputation for reaming your ass over and over with health and safety . 
  a deserved reputation . 
  they start every meeting with a `` safety moment '' , analyzing an incident or just reminding people of the safety rules of the venue they 're meeting in . 
  does n't matter if the meeting is just an office cocktail to celebrate a project 's anniversary or something - nope , you need a safety fucking moment . 
   in germany unions in companies like daimler have shares in the company and thus they are less likely to have a us vs them mentality . 
  that 's an awesome idea . 
  that 's also why i support the french plan to have 2 unions representatives systematically sit in on the executive committees . 
  if you let the workers know , give their opinion , and potentially even influence executive-level decisions , you have an opportunity to build consensus and potentially even bring them onboard with your decisions . 
   in other countries unions will tend to only strike when the company is already circling the drain , guaranteeing failure . 
  that 's what happened with the goodyear manufacturing site in northern france . 
  profits were almost nil , so there was a plan to streamline production by not replacing retirees and reducing the use of temp workers . 
  the unions were against that project , the resulting strike completely buggered production . 
  a few other groups were found , willing to buy the site and turn it around , but the unions scared all of them away , including titan ( maurice taylor 's famous letter comes from that time ) . 
  now , well , the factory is almost guaranteed to close down completely because no agreement has been found and production has been stopped for like 18 months . 
  that 's what i would like to see here , and throughout europe . 
  maybe 75 % is too high a threshold , perhaps 2/3 or even 50 % would be better . 
  still , negotiating before a strike should be mandatory . 
  here , i 've seen unions strike before negotiations ever happened . 
  i ca n't say if that 's the majority of cases , as i have n't read up on every strike in france .
