  once in a while a bunch couple of black guys will just stroll by next to the tourist groups , and their reaction reminds me of a bunch of mice who just saw a cat . 
  somewhere between greece and cambodia . 
  would the december agreement really hold , though ? 
  if sd gets a relative majority in parliament , how likely is it that one of the other parties would accept a coalition with them to get in power , instead of blocking government until a snap election is called ? 
  france and the uk did help the libyan rebels in fucking gaddafi 's shit up . 
  gaddafi 's policies were holding back a lot of migrants that were hoping to cross over to europe from libya . 
  now that he 's gone , libya 's become one of the biggest - if not the biggest - of the three points of contact for migrants into europe ( the other two being turkey and gibraltar ) . 
  huh , i did n't know . 
  so it was n't written as a book then ? 
  no wonder ... 
  ah , good ol' north korean passive-aggressiveness . 
  if reunification ever does happen , the world will be way less funny . 
  he was a bad writer , too . 
  i got hold of a french-language version of mein kampf , and even without considering the terrible ideas , it 's an incoherent rambling mess . 
  well , through greece you can reach actual wealthy countries . 
  you know , like albania . 
  15 years old confirmed . 
  pissing in the topsoil does make for good champagne , actually . 
  sorry my friend , you 're not the holy roman emperor yet . 
  serious answer , because i laughed way too hard not to try and explain : `` something cum something '' , in english , is a phrase borrowed from latin . 
  `` cum '' in this case is a latin word meaning `` with '' , so the guy is an art director and a political strategist - `` art director cum political strategist '' . 
  but of course , you probably knew that already and i probably just ruined your joke . 
  so please do carry on painting disturbing mental pictures of cum political strategies in my brain , thanks . 
  the uk successfully invaded the us too , through canada in the war of 1812 . 
  they even burned down washington . 
  except we call those `` the rer '' . 
  dude , your borders are n't even close enough to fabricate a claim . 
  you 'd need to make war on sweden and force them to release it in the peace , then vassalize and annex it 10 years later . 
  now you just need to find a proper cb ... 
  they already have austria , half of switzerland , and mallorca . 
  where will they stop !, 
  hey , paris has the largest open-air urinals in the world !, 
  we just call them `` sidewalks '' . 
   moreover , our work ethic is increasingly perceived as a threat to british workers rather than an inspiration interesting that it 's the poles getting this in the uk , and getting it today . 
  in france the ones to get that treatment were the african ( north/sub-saharan ) workers that came in the 60 's and 70 's . 
  that argument 's been used and abused since then and people do n't really take it seriously anymore . 
  did the uk not have big immigration waves from their own colonies at the time ? 
  did they not get the same treatment ? 
  i 'm just surprised to see it pop up in the 2010s ... 
  so i basically read in another sub ( i wo n't say which one ) that the entire swedish political establishment has formed an alliance to stop sd wielding any real power in parliament/government . 
  the poster there pretty much said that the other parties will voluntarily lose an election or bargain coalitions away if it helps keeping sd out of power . 
  it was n't a sub known for being balanced and objective , so ... is there any truth to that ? 
  it 's * wales * over there . 
  the onion 's `` political '' cartoonist is awesome at making fun of this , too . 
  i 'd say we 're collectively in the process of going through option 3 , mate . 
  there had been a suggestion by some eu politician some time ago to send in the navy to sink movement boats while in the harbors of libya , the idea being to reduce the numbers of people coming , choke the trafficking networks that depends on these boats and avoid more deaths at sea . 
  but it was way too complicated to put together , and too dangerous . 
  i feel like the only way to improve the situation would be to send in police and/or the army against the traffickers on the ground in libya , instead of at sea ... 
  but you do n't do that in a sovereign country without the country 's approval ... and libya does n't really have a government right now . 
  we could also install processing centers in tripoli , benghazi and other places to stop them getting on the boats , but who 's to say we would n't be making the problem worse ? 
  as you said , i really only see the public adopting a `` let 'em sink '' attitude . 
  and give it a few years and it 'll go from there to `` sink 'em . '', 
  does it shoot missiles ? 
  so wait , you guys think merkel has a problem with making decisions ? 
  we 'll trade you hollande for merkel . 
  it 's a honest deal , really . 
  you never know when you might need it . 
  wait . 
  did you just ... suggest letting a deadly epidemic overrun west africa to solve the immigration crisis ? 
  i like how swedish twitter complains about the `` racist problem '' in sweden . 
  if they really think sweden of all countries has a problem with racism , they must go completely nuts when visiting the rest of europe ... 
  well at least he 's practicing what he preaches . 
  a common cause is a hope , and we 've been pretty short on that lately . 
  i 'll just leave that quote by jean-paul develoye , former ombudsman of the french republic , right here ( ellipses are mine ) . 
  * societies are ruled by three great emotions : hopes , fears and humiliations . 
  collectivist hopes crumbled with the berlin wall , capitalist hopes crumbled with lehman brothers . 
  today , the right-wing exploits fear , the left-wing exploits humiliation . 
  * i think you can kinda see it here . 
   hell , every bigoted tweet by some low-ranking politician is more newsworthy than `` immigrant with no political or social rlevance might be bigot '' i agree - most of the time . 
  when that immigrant is in fact an imam with a lot of influence over his local community , it becomes newsworthy . 
  are radical preachers in german mosques reported on in the german media ? 
  it 's an honest question , by the way - i 'm not trying to prove a point . 
  radical christians go completely nuts when their religion is criticized as well . 
  the main difference - to me - is that we * accept * criticism of christianity in our society , whereas critiques of islam are attacked as racism from just about all fronts . 
  i 've seen too many french , secular progressive people say that charlie hebdo 's writer `` had it coming '' , or even that * salman fucking rushdie * `` had it coming '' . 
  i do n't think the fault is inherently within islam , it 's within parts of our society . 
  edit : not to say i 'm shifting the blame , by the way - islam still has a lot of soul-searching to do , we 're just so afraid of seeming racist that we 're unwilling to listen to critiques even when they 're coming from muslims themselves . 
  that 's a striking difference between america and europe , as i 've seen . 
  in america , ethnicity is defined by how you identify . 
  in europe , it is defined by how others identify you . 
  if you do not have the cultural references and reflexes that belong to a specific ethnic group 's culture , then you are not part of that group , no matter how you want to be . 
  hence `` irish pride '' being a point of irritation for a lot of ireland irish . 
  i also remember an / r/finland thread ( i lurk / r/finland for news since i studied there ) where an american came in and introduced himself as `` a finn who 's never been to finland and does n't speak finnish . '', 
  he was seriously hated by the guys there . 
  anyway , to answer your question , you are genetically half-roma , but not culturally . 
  ethnicity is n't the crucial point when it comes to roma issues in europe , culture is . 
  that culture comes from two things : the poverty that a majority of roma live in , and their ancestral nomadic lifestyle . 
  these things are linked , and the roma resort to crime as a way to get out of poverty when their lifestyle means they ca n't hold a job or that kind of things . 
  roma who lift themselves out of poverty and/or settle down in one place have very little problems and are indistinguishable from the wider population . 
  but culture is a determining part of their ethnicity . 
  a large part of europe 's roma - those who live the traditional way - would never accept you as roma yourself because you do n't live the way they do , genetics be damned . 
  you just need a baguette-amp with better bass . 
  dude , i had to read goethe 's young werther got my literature class . 
  the french version , but still . 
  i now blame your language for the months of depression that followed . 
  beware the steel legions of the luftabtreibung !, 
  `` abortion drone '' sounds like the name of an evil machine in a dystopian future that stalks pregnant women to harvest their babies to power the matrix . 
  this stuff scares me . 
  gromming gangs , pedophile rings , the uk has had how many such stories come up in the past fews years ? 
  i ca n't believe this is exclusive to the uk .
