  point taken . 
  point taken . 
  thank you !, 
   because you need international cooperation to do things on an international scale ? 
  jesus christ , is there anything you really understand about how the world works ? 
  and no , we 're not letting china and india do whatever the hell they want ... 
  yes we are . 
  china does not need to impose any standards or limits until the year 2030 according to the accord . 
  there is no consequence if they do n't . 
  we do not need formal agreements to do things on a national scale . 
  the us is already reducing our emissions rapidly . 
  follow our example . 
  the free market is already going the way of renewable energy . 
  we do n't need government to sort that out . 
   you forgot to mention that that party also believes climate change is n't real . 
  irrelevant and mostly untrue . 
   yup , you sure are being that . 
  read this article . 
  it will help you . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2001/mar/29/globalwarming.usnews  no , they did n't , no it was n't . 
  in fact , it was pretty explicitly written to give more powers to the federal argument , after the articles of confederation failed pathetically . 
  you really should look into your own history a bit more . 
  you are crazy . 
  have you ever read the constitution ? 
  the entire point is to create an federation of states while at the same time limiting the powers of the federal government . 
  this is why we have 2 senators from each state . 
  equal representation . 
  http://constitutionus.com/  christ on a bike , even his written words have a redneck accent . 
  yea i was being ironic . 
   china , the us and india are n't ignoring making it legally binding . 
  this is a move the eu imposed on itself . 
  i said that . 
  i am saying that china , the us and india would never make it legally binding . 
  so what is the point ? 
  why are european countries tying their hands ? 
   if eu member states are in agreement , how can you claim the eu is forcing their members ? 
  when did i say they are forcing their members ? 
   the point is global warming is real . 
  nobody is denying that . 
  and before you `` hur dur trump climate hoax '' , understand that 30 out of the 50 united states voted for the party that is against massive , expensive international agreements like the paris accord . 
  ted cruz would have pulled us out of the deal as well . 
   they 're . not.legally.binding . 
  christ , is it that hard for you to understand ? 
  they are legally binding if the us government passes laws making them legally binding ( hint . 
  they wo n't ) . 
  if the eu countries make their own laws making it legally binding and then the us , china and india do n't , then what is the point of any of it ? 
  it is like tying your own hands behind your back . 
   because the rest of the world also needs to lower their emissions ? 
  why do we need an international agreement for them to do that ? 
  why are we just going to let china and india do whatever the hell they want if that is the case ? 
   as for why it 's beneficial for the us , the us can sometimes do silly things , like elect an idiotic climate change denier as president , so international pressure , `` naming and shaming '' helps keep things on track . 
  the us did what it always does and had a free democratic election . 
  the conservatives won this time . 
  30 of the 50 states voted for the party that is opposed to international agreements . 
  it has nothing to do with trump and everything to do with our conservative values . 
  george bush exited the kyoto protocol without any international outrage . 
  the us is not doing silly things . 
  we are being america aka the fucking leader of the free world . 
   the paris agreement is international . 
  it has nothing to do with any particular sort of state . 
  i doubt that saving the planet is the opposite of american values . 
  and to paint your revolution as getting away from `` the insanity of europe '' ... let 's just say your understanding of your own history is n't better than your comprehension of current affairs . 
  people literally colonized the americas to escape from their shitty monarchs in europe . 
  the united states constitution was written with the sole purpose of state 's and individual rights and freedoms . 
  we are the ** united states of america ** not the federal government of america . 
  it is not the president 's place to enter us into international agreements without the approval of the congress or the senate . 
  i am not sure you understand history to be honest . 
  to address another point of yours , the united states in not against saving the planet . 
  in fact we are rapidly reducing out emissions as it is . 
  we do n't need no stinking clusterfuck agreement . 
  individual states and local governments are free to make those decisions themselves ( they are ) . 
  either way , the eu member states seem to be in agreement with making it legally binding . 
  if they do it and china , the us and india ignore making it legally binding than what the fuck is the point ? 
  her her guys . 
  he posts in / r/the _ donald must be a total racist redneck hurrr durrrr, 
  europe < 3, 
  literally says `` named and shamed '' in the wikipedia article . 
  do n't forget that china can just exit the agreement when the time is up with absolutely zero consequence . 
  you are very naive if you think that china is a well to do country . 
  [ china pollution : survey finds 70 % of firms break regulations ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-40239693 ), 
  yes you are . 
  there is a reason we revolted in 1776 . 
  america is not europe and that is the whole point !, 
   because it 's not legally binding . 
  all that 's happening is that we ( the eu ) are voting to make our targets binding for ourselves . 
  each of our governments will have to individually agree to this . 
  and the only punishment for countries not meeting their targets was to be `` named and shamed '' . 
  do you honestly believe that if the us was in the accord and did n't pass these `` legally binding '' rules that we would n't be `` named and shamed '' . 
  what is the point of this bullshit . 
  the united states is already rapidly lowering our emissions . 
  why do we need an international agreement ? 
   there are no lies here , you just do n't understand what 's going on . 
  i understand damn well . 
  this was a shitty `` executive agreement '' ( obama 's words ) that puts the united states in the class of socialist european union states which we wholeheartedly are not . 
  we had a god damn revolution 241 years ago to get the fuck away from the insanity of europe . 
  things like the paris accord are 100 % opposite of american values . 
  gee i wonder why they have n't found any evidence whatsoever of anything . 
  i agree !, 
  i sound like an asshole !, 
  and do you think that the united states would n't be `` named and shamed '' if they did n't make it legally binding ?
