plus the us would never pass a bill that makes it legally binding . 
  i came here from / all, 
  yea then the democrats will never win an election ever again !, 
  this thread is on the front page of reddit . 
  you act like / r/the _ donald users do n't browse the rest of the website . 
  i did n't even realize what subreddit this was until just now . 
  i assumed it was worldnews . 
  well they lost to the federal government . 
  true . 
  but they were going to have their own federal government with a few tweaks to the consititution . 
  either way , limiting the power of the federal government over the states is really the only issue anything boils down to . 
  sure did . 
  the cars are more expensive for now but technology is driving those costs down every single day . 
  if you think the people in charge are so cynical then why have the us been drastically reducing emissions all on their own ? 
  why did all those governors and mayors pledge to follow the agreement ? 
  that 's how it should be . 
  we do n't need a federal blanket law or agreement . 
  if local governments want to participate in green energy standards then more power to em . 
  so your up to 3 !!, 
  the real reason was to protect american jobs and wealth . 
  that 's always been the reason . 
  if you do n't think it will then that 's another argument to be had but frankly , it 's saturday and i intend to enjoy my day off . 
  at the end of the day , this argument is about whether or not the executive branch should be entering us into these complicated , secretive multi lateral agreements without ratification by the senate or the advice from congress . 
  if we can all agree to enter the agreement , great . 
  until then , the executive branch is not the king . 
  how is he swimming against the current ? 
  trump does n't not support green energy . 
  he supports all energy and all american efforts to generate more wealth . 
  the point is that we can lead by example as we always have . 
  we do n't need to sign a piece of paper to do that . 
   false . 
  true . 
   on june 30 , 2015 , china formally submitted its intended nationally determined contribution ( indc ) to the new global climate agreement to be concluded this december in paris . 
  china committed to the following actions by 2030 : \u2022 peaking of carbon dioxide emissions around 2030 and making best efforts to peak early ; \u2022 lowering carbon dioxide intensity ( carbon dioxide emissions per unit of gdp ) by 60 to 65 percent from the 2005 level ; \u2022 increasing the share of non-fossil fuels in primary energy consumption to around 20 percent ; and \u2022 increasing the forest stock volume by around 4.5 billion cubic meters from the 2005 level .1 https://www.c2es.org/docuploads/chinas-contributions-paris-climate-agreement.pdf  tell mr. `` clean coal '' that , maybe your government will let the free market do its work , and remove those subsidies ? 
  maybe they will remove the subsidies for green energy too like the solar tax credit . 
   also , you clearly do n't understand a government 's role in dealing with externalities . 
  climate change is caused by a `` tragedy of the commons '' situation , where it 's in no individual 's immediate interest to reduce emissions . 
  only heavy investment from the government has made green energy viable today , and government regulations have prevented companies from destroying everything through pollution . 
  maybe they 've gotten a boost but people are putting solar panels on their homes to save the planet . 
  they are doing it to save money . 
   it 's irrelevant that the people leading the country are against green energy ? 
  what are you smoking ? 
  it is irrelevant to our argument about the federal government entering us into multi lateral agreements without the consent of the congress or senate . 
   the president , and many prominent local and national leaders believe it does n't even exist . 
  i refer you to `` mr. snowball '' . 
  so you can name one person . 
  good job . 
   another example of the us endangering the world by refusing to take part in an international agreement ? 
  whose side are you on here ? 
  just points out the faux outrage against trump . 
  nobody lost their cool when bush exited the kyoto protocol . 
  the trump derangement syndrome sweeping the world is sickening . 
   yes . 
  i doubt you have , though . 
  again , your understanding of your own history is ridiculously shallow . 
  your current constitution replaced an earlier document , which made the country even more decentralised . 
  somehow , i 'm not surprised you 've never heard of that . 
  i know about the articles on confederation . 
  it was n't perfect . 
  the guiding principle of state and individual rights still reigned true in the constitution . 
   everyone should do it out of self interest . 
  because global warming is something that will affect everyone . 
  which is why china is taking significant measures to reduce pollution , no matter if you like it or not . 
  yea they can write that on paper all they want but the truth is , the private firms do n't give a shit . 
  [ china pollution : survey finds 70 % of firms break regulations ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-40239693 )  for example , besides the other article i mentioned above about the closing of 1000 + coal mines : stop acting like china is some kind of poster child . 
  they are switching to green energy because it is cheaper . 
  technology and the free market are driving the bus , not the government . 
   yes and now they are making it legally binding !, 
  how exactly is that saying they are being forced ? 
   cheap shot . 
  us politicians are generally against ratifying international agreements . 
  exactly !!!!, 
   sadly , conservatives ca n't be easily blamed regarding international treaties good . 
  looks like some of our democrats are even based . 
   not sure what your article is supposed to prove ? 
  yes , china is polluted af . 
  they are currently the biggest polluter in the world , with the us being second . 
  the government there is incredibly corrupt and authoritarian that is exactly what the article is supposed to prove . 
  china does not give one single fuck about saving the planet . 
  their government can put of a dog and pony show all they want but the chinese capitalists will ignore everything and do whatever they want . 
   which makes it even sadder that when it comes to this , china is on the right side of the argument and the us , through its president at least , no longer is . 
  china is on the right side of china . 
  they are doing this out of self interest . 
  they do not care about the environment one single smidgeon . 
  they will continue to pollute as much as they damn well please . 
  in fact . 
  that is in their terms of the agreement !, 
   if they will fail to abide by their commitments , then it will be time to judge them or point the finger . 
  until then , if that happens , they 're in , together with the entire world and the us is out . 
  do n't hold your breath . 
   well , this is difficult to argue over because our opinions diverge . 
  i see it as taking a leadership role and sending positive signals . 
  you see it as shackling ourselves . 
  ca n't argue over opinions . 
  and that is all we should be arguing about . 
  the conservative republicans are not in favor of international agreements . 
  end of story . 
  and it is nothing new . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2001/mar/29/globalwarming.usnews  in this very thread where ? 
   point taken ?
