something relevant to this , when irish people complain about the good times being over during the last few year they should have a look back a bit further . 
  unemployment during the recession at it 's max reached about the normal level in ireland pre-celtic tiger when emigration was a lot higher to boot . 
  the good times never ended , they just got slightly less good with a lot of negative equity on top . 
  do n't think it 's consideration should be limited to productivity , the employers current situation matters . 
  if a company is in urgent need they might pay the same as their current employees for someone below their preferred standard or the might offer a lot more to get someone good if there 's a need . 
  i 'm hired out for consultancy a decent amount and while the rate employees in my position are charged for is the same , i 'm getting more than some of the slightly older hires who 're here since the recession when they came on at a lower wage . 
  many jobs can allow this but at the upper/mid range it 's an insane difference . 
  most men would n't be on equal pay to each other in the same position in some company , when they were hired affected by the market conditions at the time or their manager being more generous or more worried about turnover or someone just pushing more to get more . 
  not to mention good old fashion nepotism . 
  could argue that they exist as there was no compromise , most of the parties either did n't exist 10 years ago or were a tiny joke . 
  would n't have taken much for the established parties all over the eu to cut off the far right and alt right parties . 
  you 've govemenrts for example trying to curb immigration now to stop the rise of the populist right but if they had done it in the beginning then we all would n't have to be sitting around consoling ourselves that marie la pen will only make it to the 2nd round or that wilders ' freedom party is only the 2nd largest . 
  kind of a self fulfilling prophecy , no chance there is n't a riot . 
  he shows up and a bunch of balaclava wearing antifa types/open border/muslims/whoever show up , which make him right in the end . 
  it 's like 3 germanys ago . 
  half of poland was part of the german empire at that point . 
  there should n't be a referendum until the uk has actually left the eu or an agreement for the uk to leave has been reached . 
  you ca n't say things have changed as the uk has left the eu so scotland should vote again , as nothing is agreed so nothing is changed yet . 
  put it in a form when they apply , just do n't broadcast it as a news story . 
  if the german system allows a chinese tourist to accidentally apply for asylum then i doubt anyone is that concerned with applicants understand , or comprehend what they 're agreeing to . 
  how about not telling them you 're doing it ? 
  might work better . 
  count von count would be so disappointed , even if he 's part to blame what did he think would happen when he left for sesame street . 
  so the large body of water at the top is the liffey . 
  well that ruins my joke about viking dublin just having an north side . 
  he 's say to meet the spending you already agreed to !, 
  well 1 : they 're not grandmas as they never had kids in the first place , hence the problem . 
  2 : if you plan to sort this out is sex with old women then i can see where the problem began . 
  do n't know about poland but self defense is n't a right to attack someone it 's a defence when you have to . 
  which i 'd say would n't change here . 
  so have the french . 
  the southern ireland thing is kind of not a thing , people might say it in britain but it 's not going to bother anyone . 
  people in the republic usually just say ireland , and refer to northern ireland as the north and those in the north for the most part say the south . 
  if you wanted to annoy someone , either refer to the north as part of the republic or refer to the south as part of the uk . 
  hey :( you 're right thought . 
  had a look at the unemployment figures for the 70/80/90s and turns out ireland in a recession in 2000s was better than it normally was before that . 
  terrible when you think that those figures back then would have been artificially low due to emigration . 
  in ireland we had something that many parents used to do , if a child was misbehaving the parent would point to some adult man in the area and say `` stop or the man will come and take the ____ away from you '' . 
  you can fill in the blank yourself ; gameboy , sweets/candy whatever . 
  it always worked for a time at least before you 'd have to be told again , and was used on me to no end as a child . 
  bit of a surprise when you yourself get refereed to as the `` man '' and get the stink eye from some kid who thinks your going to steal their sweets . 
  sounds like junkers is tired of it . 
  not a fan of junkers but this is a good step , members states need to take more control and responsibility for themselves and for the eu . 
  there 's no pre-clearance in cork is there ? 
  that 'll have to be sorted . 
  did n't obama do it , and was n't it clinton and many other democrats who were against it and likely to rescind it . 
  recognisable yes , correctly recognised probably not . 
  i 'd say most think it 's london bridge . 
  thought it was just a straight poll , option a or b with the same numbers . 
  was there numbers on abstentions . 
  it 's a poll and as we 've seen they could all be wrong . 
  the uk could be higher and poland could be lower or any combination of that . 
  you need a whole lot of salt . 
  do n't understand that second round . 
  what politics would you need to have to account for that 6 % change ? 
  are there macron voters who 'd support le pen over fillon ? 
  ask those still stuck in greece , they 're not there on holiday . 
  sea crossing have increased as the land route was closed . 
  our system is meant to be base on yours , the president is n't meant to voice a political opinion while in office . 
  we 've had a few protesters about varying things not understanding what he does and ca n't do . 
  he 's meant to ; reads laws , states if constitutional or not and possible sends it on to the supreme court , signs them if they 're fine , and dissolves and lets the tds ( mps ) form a government . 
  but this time we get the ivory tower socialist , who takes it upon himself to say on behalf of ireland how sad we all are about a genocidal cuban dying . 
  my mistake . 
  still would ' t really help . 
  you 're only adding to the end cost which should only be done either to restrict or stop exports from another country or to allow other sources to be competitive . 
  the uk exports more than they import , by that logic the eu is far better off with the uk leaving as they can make major bank on uk imports into the eu . 
  that 's the average , there 's so many of them . 
  there 's % on goods , and in some case a % plus a per kg tariff ( so many to read over but some beef is 12.8 % plus $ 150-350 per kg based on the cut/source . 
  also no country exports and imports all things equally , so you ca n't base the average . 
   me people migrating there ( and having their people migrate here ) could be beneficial for everyone . 
   and if australia were european , maybe they 'd be more inclined to join esa . 
  which would mean australia might have a bigger ( nonzero , haha ) aerospace programme . 
  that would be great . 
   i 'd love to hear the opinions of some australians on this . 
  but only the western side of istanbul , personally i oppose the east joining for purely geographic reasons . 
  it 'd be nice for greece to have someone there with them . 
  do n't get me started on the eurovision . 
  except it 's about removing the wrong religion , you 're not going to get much support against anyone else . 
   numerous laws prohibiting any kind of actions of protests and due to `` extremism '' laws on the internet . 
   basically you ca n't protest and you ca n't agitate on the internet . 
  fox were n't his biggest fans especially before the primary . 
  yes as he 'd be representing austin but not heuston . 
  news today is that labour have 60 mps voting to leave , where the party as a whole were pro remain and i 'd say the conservatives have a few wanting to remain ( for personal belief or if they have a strong remain in their constituency ) personally think a ge is needed , the government can go into a vote with a mandate . 
  at best it needs to renegotiate it concessions to remain a member , which still required complete consensus from the rest . 
  so the mp in london will lose out if they do n't vote against their constituency wishes and in line with the country as a whole who wanted the opposite . 
  parliamentary systems keep a lot more power locally but to try to make a us example ; does a austin local government democrat have to worry from reprisals from huston republicans . 
   leave without a deal falling back to wto and full border controls . 
  the uk is n't a wto member , the eu was . 
  the uk would need 164 countries to say yes for that . 
   of us did n't vote leave , however it 's done now . 
  we should leave and work together to make it work for us . 
  which people , mp represent their constituencies . 
  so how do those from remain areas vote or how does labour vote . 
  conservatives have a small majority and some of them would have been remain or at least from constituencies that voted remain . 
  ukip supported would have likely voted ( it 's in the name for independence ) leave and in the last elections they got a large number of votes but only 1 seat as they were dispersed . 
  do n't think anyone wins from a parliamentary vote , safest political option would be to call an election and try to go into a vote with a mandate . 
  for who , and from who ? 
  conservatives have a small majority and there was plenty of them who were remain . 
  an mp represents their constituencies , how does a london conservative vote . 
  not to mention how labour should proceed .
