  with the ukraine crisis there should be no illusions about what sort of man putin is . 
  russia has been expansionist in its entire history . 
  crimea is just the latest example . 
  yanukovych was the most corrupt and autocratic president ukraine had ( which is a lot since they all were to some degree ) , but when he betrayed the people who elected him to sign an association agreement with the eu , that was just too much ; and when he fled to russia when the protests got too hot , there was n't anything else to do , constitutional , legal , or otherwise . 
  gorbachev and yeltsin may be the most despised russian leaders in history , but putin has done far more damage than either one . 
  when the soviet union collapsed , russians were in for a world of shit no matter who was in charge . 
  unfortunately that was the opportunity for the west to mend fences and repair relations . 
  putin comes along just as things were starting to turn around , and found it very easy to blame `` westernization '' for everything bad that happened . 
  has total control of information that continues to this day . 
  successfully channels anger and hostility towards the usa and eu and other `` external enemies '' . 
  thought in russia has been successfully framed as a `` west is out to destroy russia '' narrative . 
  internal dissidents are `` traitors '' . 
  normalization with west is now impossible as long as putin is in power , and a long time longer due to the structural changes he has introduced . 
  russian foreign policy has not benefited russians one iota . 
  rather it has harmed them . 
  when did the us say russia was not welcome in nato ? 
  did n't putin briefly entertain the idea of joining in the beginning , but abandoned it due to public pressure ? 
  there is no way around american dominance in film and it for a long time , unless you go full north korean style * juche * . 
  nor should that be desirable . 
  in this day , we live in a global , connected world . 
  no one is going to compete with silicon valley , unless a similar constellation of super smart computer guys are assembled in one place , with workers compensated similarly to attract the best and the brightest around the world . 
  even if there could be one , it would take decades to build . 
  but that does n't stop great products from being created around the world . 
  hollywood is still king . 
  but that is still largely international . 
  sony pictures is the largest . 
  british and american films are not one or the other , but rather a sliding position . 
  russia has some great films , but it looks like they will be hamstrung by ideology . 
  i doubt another film like leviathan can be made in the current climate . 
  things are so interconnected , there is no reason to try and build a competing industry along national lines . 
  great film makers should n't be confined to national lines . 
  in short if russia is going to be great , it needs to embrace the international community , and not act like a sulky schoolyard bully , and beating the shit out of a couple smaller weaker kids to be more `` important '' or `` relevant '' . 
  i sincerely wish russia could be a nation to be admired and respected by everyone , putin has chosen a trajectory in which that will not come to pass in our lifetime , and he has so poisoned the russian mindset , that perhaps that day will come never . 
  you 're one of my favorite redditers and have always respected what you have to say , so i have to assume you 're being a little mischievous here , as i do n't know how to put a response to your claim that putin is protecting russia from american imperialism delicately . 
  bluntly , this is something a north korean might say in defense of kim jong un . 
  have no time to address other points until monday . 
  maybe then, 
   nor he is a modern-day hitler or some expansionist psychopath . 
  really hard to call . 
  hitler did n't have the possibility of nuclear annihilation hanging over him , exterminating `` undesirables '' had not gone out of fashion , and had an army that could handily defeat any other nation on the continent . 
  put putin in the same situation , and all bets are off . 
  exactly . 
  south korea can broadcast news and k-pop into the north via loudspeakers . 
  propaganda in the sense that it is stuff north koreans would never otherwise hear . 
  nato ! = usa . 
  hearing things like this always warms my heart . 
  it would be interesting to see a breakdown of the opinions of russians in lithuania . 
  i know some would rather piss on a picture of grybauskait\u0117 than hang it on a wall , and love putin . 
  and there 's the comment sections of ru.delphi.lt - i really do n't know if it represents the actual opinions of its readers , or only represents the fringe , or is overrun by paid trolls . 
  putin really needs to calm his titties about a non-existent nato `` threat '' . 
  lgm would n't show up all over lithuania , only in russian-majority regions , such as around visaginas . 
  lol , i work with a dude from budapest , and he gave almost the same reaction !, 
  there 's still a lot of extra fat in education , healthcare , pensions that can be cut as needed to maintain them . 
  or [ this ] ( https://www.amazon.com/dp/039456779x ) from the pen of dr seuss for that matter . 
  i certainly hope u/bigprofessor stays ( though he 's welcome in my house if he 's ever in my neighborhood ) , since russia needs enlightened intelligent citizens more than ever if it is to become a great nation , respected and admired the world around . 
  for reactionary putin supporters , i do hope many of you will emigrate . 
  maybe you will start to see things as they really are outside the information bubble when living in the west . 
  perhaps not , but still there is no harm . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't follow . 
  zyuganov 's communist party would still have zero chance of beating united russia , even if he brought all the other communist voters together to vote for him . 
  how would a spoiler party even work in russia ? 
   jonas tarm according to his biography , he moved to the usa age 10 , so probably not a great connection back home . 
   estonians are sort of indifferent about such controversial issues . 
  apparently the musicians themselves had no idea about the origin of the tune . 
  tarm 's response can be found [ here ] ( http://jonastarm.com/carnegie-hall-statement/ ) . 
  it 's pretty clear that his use of the horst wessel was intended to be ironic , and that the nyys 's decision was gutless . 
  and that is the worst tragedy for russia . 
  the single glimmer of hope for russia being a modern developed nation with basic rights for its citizens was completely wiped out . 
  if russia had an despotic asshole like putin in the 90s instead of the recovery , things would have been 1000x better for the whole world . 
  it seems that the idea of russia ever becoming a liberal democracy is so repugnant to him , he 's doing everything in his power to ensure that does n't happen ever . 
  long after he 's gone russia will be an authoritarian regime , a police state , where political dissent is ruthlessly stamped out . 
  according to the article , these smaller agencies are all being reunited . 
  but how many the others have international fame ? 
  is there a requirement that artists be still living ? 
  there are only two surviving beatles . 
  if being somewhat contemporary , i would think luciano pavarotti would be considered an international superstar by any criteria . 
  if we allow the past , then surely mozart is a household name around the globe , but do non-german speaking people know christina st\u00fcrmer ? 
  going back to estonian composers , are you familiar with jonas tarm ? 
  there was a controversy when he wrote a piece commissioned by the new york youth symphony , but was cancelled at the last minute because it quoted the horst wessel song . 
  i ca n't find this piece `` marsh u nebuttya '' on youtube anymore , but i really like his other compositions . 
  kudos to estonia for having the only `` musical artist '' who is actually a musician !, 
   canadians do n't have a right to criticize others on their masculinity . 
  hahaha . 
  i 'd love to see you go tell that to the canadian national ice hockey team . 
  let me know if you do , i 'll hop on the next plane to go see that . 
   they ca n't get putin 's dick out of their mouth . 
  given that putin exhibits all the symptoms of small penis syndrome ( sps ) - hyper-masculinity , refusal to relate to the feminine , acquiring expensive things , etc. 
  - he certainly does n't have so much a s button that bulges slightly when aroused . 
  so i doubt anyone will be putting it in their mouths . 
  who do you think gave him dioxin ? 
  saying their government does no wrong , when clearly it does , and accusing those who point out said wrongdoings of being liars acting out of anti-russian spite is pretty childish . 
  saying western institutions are more corrupt whenever russian ones are found corrupt is childish . 
  the hershey 's cookies 'n' cream pictured does n't even mention `` white chocolate '' on the packaging . 
  i 'm surprised to see the reese 's peanut butter cups - is n't peanut butter one of the american food products that inspires disgust in europeans ? 
  religious extremism had been on the rise for several decades in the me . 
  saddam was a horrendous dictator , and should n't be missed by anyone ; what proved an unmitigated disaster , however , and allowed isis to flourish unchecked , was de-baathification . 
  yet still the threat isis poses to the united states is practically non-existent . 
  i really think the us should stay the hell out of me affairs , we should both strive not to marginalize our muslims , because that just pushes them into the extremists ' hands . 
  for what europe should do about the me and the migrant crisis , i have absolutely no say in the matter ; i can only hope whatever it is , it works out for the best .
