  it 's still better than it was in 2009 , and could very turn around in 2016 . 
  and the amount it has to fall to reach 1998-levels is enormous . 
  is there a way to put your money where your mouth is on reddit ? 
  i 'd wager that 28-12-2016 the ppp gdp or russia will be where it is today or better and putin 's approval rating will be  50 % . 
  which has h0h 0h0 as its postal code . 
  seems like channel one also shows an awful lot of concerts and soviet nostalgia as well . 
  so why is the statue deemed illegal and they 're making threats to anyone who would think about taking it down ? 
  could someone explain why the svyatoslav is so controversial ? 
  so the seizure of crimea would be a better example of a coup . 
  russians also have a national media that will go to much further lengths sanitizing the reports than anything in the west . 
  all the major us-based search engines caved to chinese censorship , so why not cave to russia 's demands when they stand to profit from becoming established in the russian marketplace ? 
  yes . 
  us or uk authorities do n't care if you are a russian activist or whistle blower ( and probably consider being so a merit ) . 
  russian authorities certainly do care , and can easily access your data if it is required to reside on russian servers . 
  yanokovych was not `` the government of ukraine '' , he was voted out by parliament , and disowned by his party . 
  that is not considered a coup , or even `` more or less '' a coup in any normal understanding of the term . 
  if you can not understand this , there is really little anyone can do that might enlighten you a bit . 
  ok , just dropping the google peg man down randomly in vilnius and orienting you see [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/vilnius,+lithuania/@54.7088518,25.1786037,3a,75y,41.15h,95.06t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1s0viegbtn149axrjudipqcq!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo3.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3d0viegbtn149axrjudipqcq%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d25.05703%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656!4m2!3m1!1s0x46dd93fb5c6408f5:0x400d18c70e9dc40!6m1!1e1 ) . 
  the same 5 or 7 storey apartments are everywhere , and looking at images they are all over the forme soviet world . 
   one consideration is the usage of land . 
  in usa there 's a lot of land so your suburbs look more like this [ 1 ] . 
  apparently housing developments are popular in the uk as well . 
  i do n't think land usage is a primary consideration , but rather provide a large number of single family detached homes for a modest price . 
  the way they are part of planned communities , partially attached to each other , way the local access streets follow them around with minimal parking . 
  nor can you call what happened in ukraine a `` coup '' if you have any idea what the term means . 
  i 'm sure every country has its fair share of ugly generic slab apartment buildings . 
  i used to live in one of these ugly brick buildings that were quickly slapped together all over nyc right after ww2 . 
  but - there is a specific architecture and layout that is peculiar to the ex-commie countries , that do n't exist elsewhere . 
  good lord , i 'm feeling depressed just looking at all those pics our eastern european friends have posted . 
  do commie apartment buildings look pretty much the same everywhere ? 
  ^ this . 
  be afraid . 
   grebenshikov 's life gets rather uncomfortable . 
  has grebenshikov ever made a statement on where he stands in regards to the regime ? 
  he 's one enigmatic character !, 
  all three fled russia . 
  only prokofiev eventually returned . 
  exactly my point . 
  with the soviet union gone , so are the proxy wars . 
  yea things were so much more peaceful with the us vs soviet union proxy wars going on all over the third world and the constant specter of nuclear war . 
  when have i suggested that the us is a good guy ? 
  however i will say that neither the war in iraq nor the war in ukraine served the interests of the instigating countries , and both have come off worse than if they never intervened in the first place . 
  also , that is not the reason most countries in eastern europe side with nato has nothing to them being the biggest bully . 
  in a world of bullies , you side with the one that will keep the other - who would regularly pound you in the face and take your lunch money otherwise - off your back . 
  what does iraq have to do with any of this ? 
  fwiw , i consider bush , cheney , rumsfeld , et al to be war criminals . 
  and back in ukraine , who else is responsible for the 9000 deaths ? 
  if there was no russian intervention , the number of deaths would be 0 . 
  lost russian tourists is a more likely scenario than total nuclear war ( unless mad dog putin really looses it ) , in which case removing the missile installations would not move the target . 
  i think protecting western europe from russian missiles are only a secondary role . 
  rather they are there to protect formerly soviet-occupied countries from being re-occupied by russia , since to do so , russia would have remove them , and doing so by force would be tantamount to a declaration of war against the us . 
  edit - it 's the same reason the us navy parks its ships in taiwan . 
  china would have to be batshit crazy to try taking taiwan by force as long as they are there . 
   the policies which caused the near-death of russia came from washington and chicago . 
  my personal theory is the policies which brought this about came from a colony of reptilians in the south pole-aitken basin of the lunar far side . 
  like i said , the soviets took what they wanted from finland . 
  and 100 years is a lot longer than 25 . 
  the idea that the russian economy was a such a disaster in the 90s was caused by the usa did n't come from reality . 
  where else could it have come from ? 
  in other words , because propaganda . 
  the maidan protests were all sponsored by the cia , participants being brainwashed , paid or bused in , so does n't count . 
  the montenegrin protest was a spontaneous expression of the people 's will . 
  finland was never a soviet puppet state , russia already took what it wanted from them . 
  better to ask poles or lithuanians what russian occupation was like . 
   this dissolution could be conducted in several stages , the duma speaker suggested . 
  `` first of all , the usa should be excluded from the bloc and after this it would be possible to painlessly disband the whole organization , '' he said . 
  `` this would be a good step towards greater security and stability on the whole european continent . '' hmmm . 
  with the us out of nato , it would be possible to occupy the remaining member states , one at a time without a fight . 
  is that what he means ? 
  is n't absolut the preferred vodka in turkey ? 
  i suppose some of our turkish redditors should comment . 
  turkish people i meet here in new york city tend to be liberal and opposed to erdogan 's rule , but that is an extremely small and biased sample . 
  even so , he has n't virtually shut down all opposition as has putin has done in russia , and russians everywhere adore him . 
  also , i should point out that i really do think putin will prevail here . 
  i 'm just picking a side for the reason that i have outlined , and also i feel putin 's foreign policy is even more abhorrent than erdogan 's . 
  ok , i 'll make a pick and grab some popcorn . 
  i 'll go with erdogan , even though i think he 'll get his comeuppance out of this whole thing . 
  my rationale : whoever backs down will go down , but turkey still is a democracy as far as i can tell , and turkish voters will sooner or later take care of him . 
  the only thing that might possibly make putin go down is a humiliating defeat on the world stage . 
  if erdogan wins this , that will be two authoritarian assholes whose days in power are numbered . 
  even if we take them at their word that they are specifically going after isis ( and jan ) , bombing them will never eliminate them , will cause civilian casualties , destroy infrastructure , homes , businesses , and cause locals to radicalize . 
  is it even possible for state propaganda to make a u-turn without the whole state falling apart ? 
  so putin is a good leader because he got lucky with the price of oil ? 
  and you have not explained how ukraine and syria benefit ordinary russians ( there certainly a few who benefit hugely in russia 's mic ) . 
  so if those bits of territory were exchanged , most serbians would be satisfied with an independent kosovo ? 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  how have russia 's intervention in ukraine and syria benefited russians ? 
  putin had the good fortune to take over just after russia 's economy reached bottom , and the price of oil made a 10-fold increase over his first 10 years . 
  not trolling . 
  i fail to see how putin 's adventures in syria and ukraine have made life better for the vast majority of russians ( even without western sanctions ) . 
  how is making problems for america beneficial to russia or russians ? 
  yeltsin was not an optimal leader for anyone . 
  wow , just wow !, 
  -16 karma for posting a statement that is true , and not even controversial in the civilized world . 
  if they did , i do n't think anyone would have a problem with it . 
  it 's dirty , crowded , out of the way . 
  the main street , brighton beach ave is underneath an elevated subway , so always dark and noisy . 
  in short , not really a place one would want to visit other than for all the russian establishments . 
  the onion gets reported as fact elsewhere from time to time . 
  for russian writers using beautiful satire , there 's dmitry bykov .
