  and al qaeda in iraq is a re-branding of jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad , founded in 1999 by abu musab al-zarqawi . 
  so it was not created by either the us or france , though the us-led invasion certainly helped them grow . 
  clarification is necessary to avoid confusion with the vladimir putin recently arrested in a florida supermarket . 
  you 're trying too hard to show that the us/nato applies double standards ( which i can probably agree with ) , but nothing to show that kosovo and crimea are comparable . 
  you could go with south ossetia or abkhazia and kosovo . 
  the only situation directly comparable to crimea i can think of is the sudetenland . 
  title is misleading . 
  only blacklisted russian artists are banned , which is understandable , if someone like gazmanov were entering . 
  there are a couple significant differences . 
  kosovo was not annexed by a larger neighbor . 
  there was no ethnic cleansing in crimea . 
  so apples and oranges to anyone who is not intellectually dishonest - like putin , for example . 
  what do n't you like about your foreign policy ? 
  how long do you think you can play both sides ? 
  thanks a lot for killing the little bit of optimism the article brought !, 
  i suppose most authoritarian regimes have `` elections '' and `` opposition parties '' . 
  of course they 're just for show . 
  does he sit in an adjacent cubicle ? 
  obviously he is not a kremlin-bot , but oliver stone is a ) biased and agenda driven , b ) plays loose with facts , and c ) espouses various conspiracy theories . 
  he is a great film maker and no doubt it will be very well produced and entertsining . 
  i 've enjoyed a number of his films , but know that do not portray reality . 
  and if the usa withdraws from nato , you do n't think nato would fall apart ? 
  according to the credit suisse military strength [ index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_strength_index ) , russia is # 2 , and the next nato member is france at # 6 . 
  germans have expressed unwillingness to fight for poland or the baltics . 
  russia 's military strength could very well exceed that of nato sans usa , which would likely be thrown into disarray . 
  war is an extension of politics , and it is not inconceivable that russia could use its military strength to force a realignment of eastern europe back into its sphere . 
  so who do you think is pulling all the strings ? 
  a lot of people are saying it is the freemasons or the zionist occupation government , but i 'm personally convinced it is the lizard people . 
  you forgot the quotes around `` documentary '' . 
  nobody doubts that the us can be involved in a revolution . 
  however it takes a special kind of stupid to believe the us funded the one ukraine . 
  and with the one in ukraine , you can thank russia for the war in donbass , which has killed 10,000 , wounded over 22,000 , displaced 2.5 million and caused many billions in property damage and destroyed an economy . 
  americans and canadians drive on the correct side of the road . 
  the logical way to write decimals will respect the semantics of the symbols : the full stop/period is a delimiter ( separating the integer part from the fraction ) while the comma is a grouping symbol . 
  edit - grammar, 
  the ussr had to convince the entire world of the virtues of communism . 
  russia today has only to tear down the ideology of the west . 
  there is a law ( forgot whose ) which states that it takes an order of magnitude greater effort to refute an item of bullshit than to produce one , which gives russia the asymmetrical edge . 
  i would assume anyone characterizing russia as a `` failed state '' is a troll , and even if the gdp is the size of italy or california , it is still enormous . 
  the soviet union always had a big lead over the west in espionage and information warfare , which carried over into the russian federation . 
  media in the west is highly decentralized , so there is a plethora of dissenting viewpoints , and is profit driven - papers need to be sold , sponsors need to be patronized . 
  russian state media has no such requirements , it is used as a tool by the government to foster `` correct '' thinking among russians and create a well insulated information bubble around them . 
  targeting russian audiences would be a huge financial loss for western media companies - they do not have much of a market in russia , so it would need state funding , and a lot of it if they want to have the glitzy production of russian state tv with big name entertainers . 
  in a democracy , allocating state monies to financing media in russia would not be high on peoples ' priority , and most likely be seen as pork barrel spending . 
  moreover , media is not free in russia , so a western equivalent of rt would be shut down very quickly in the rf . 
  to call both rt and rfe/rl `` propaganda outlets '' is to belie the tactics employed by the two and the environments they operate under . 
  both serve to weaken the respective governments positions ( an authoritarian regime in one case , and a functioning liberal democracy in the other ) in their target audiences . 
  but that 's where the similarities end . 
  rt pedals fabrications and conspiracy theories , rfe/rl broadcasts factual accounts of events that can be independently verified . 
  rt is shown in places where one can obtain a wide variety of viewpoints and news sources , rfe reports where news is censored and will only provide the official account of events . 
  so , yea , they are both propaganda , but there is a big difference in the veracity of their content /, 
  hardly the same thing as rt. 
  for one rfe/rl hardly engages in outright fabrication as rt does . 
  from the article :  since she was first taken into custody in 2010 , chelsea , a transgender woman being forced to serve out her sentence in an all-male prison , has been subjected to long stretches of solitary confinement does not `` solitary confinement '' imply `` isolation cell '' ? 
  and this is the first time i 've heard the aclu dismissed as an `` activist group '' . 
  they just wo n't accept the findings of the criminal investigation . 
  ordinary russians will think that the report is just the latest from the anti-russian conspiracy of the west . 
  she simply dislikes americans . 
   nope , i 've cutted my tv-cable more than 10 years ago , we do n't trust our media outlets as you was told . 
  so the levada center has been lying in all those polls that show most russians trust what they see on tv ? 
   he indeed deserves credit for creating right conditions for transition from 90s . 
  structural reforms enacted in the aftermath of the august 1998 crash brought about a rapid recovery , along with skyrocketing oil prices a couple years later . 
  neither of which had anything to do with putin . 
  he just happened to be in power at the right time to reap the benefits . 
   not everyone consumes the state-approved news nor blindly believes their narrative . 
  of course not . 
  i can look at the comment sections in novaya gazeta or echo of moscow and see this is not the case . 
   yet many of those who have the access to the western media still ca n't accept their point of view as valid . 
  there is more to that than just brainwashing . 
  do n't even let me started on the premise that everyone who does n't buy into the western narrative on russia is brainwashed by definition . 
  it 's just plain insulting . 
  i think you are making a couple assumptions that are not correct . 
  there is no monolithic `` western '' media , you can find a whole spectrum of views , from tabloids and conspiracy sites to trusted and informative news organizations . 
  while not all russian media are state-run/owned , the mainstream ones are , and one thing conspicuous about all russian media is the absence of certain information or viewpoints , particularly any direct criticism of putin or his policies . 
  i do n't think anyone is necessarily `` brainwashed , '' but i will say that the seeds of mistrust have been planted and begun to bear fruit , either those who consider their own news trustworthy and accurate or those who have become overly cynical about all media . 
  as i have said , western media is a mixed bag . 
  one still needs the mental tools to evaluate the various facts and narratives presented , but blindly following one source or being cynical about them all will not be not help build this toolset , and lead to having a very skewed picture of what is going on in the world . 
   as for your second question , there is a good read about that : thanks , that was a good read . 
   how the unfolding situation is seen by the public is all that matters . 
  and the way it is seen is carefully nurtured and guided by state media . 
   there might be one , if you guys could stop gloating over winning the cold war . 
  where do you see cold war gloating ? 
  in the 90s it was certainly present ; for example in 1992 , vice presidential candidate jack kemp declared `` the soviet union did not fall , it was pushed . '', 
  but now , you are much more likely to see idiots who think russia is still communist than those who express satisfaction over the the fall . 
  maybe things are different with our eastern european friends ? 
  edit - corrected year of kemp statement from 1996 to 1992 . 
  except that the eu/us sanctions do not target ordinary russians and their plight is mostly a result of oil prices , counter sanctions , and a devalued ruble , as has been mentioned elsewhere on this discussion . 
  in addition it is unrealistic to think that any nation is going to either lead by example or practice what they preach due to geopolitical realities . 
  even if western nations are hypocritical , it does not excuse russia 's actions in ukraine , it does not not mean the west can not criticize putin authoritarian rule , the way he silences dissent , all the shady deals his government is involved in , and so on . 
  or for that matter examine the causes of russians ' persecution complex . 
  does n't it seem odd that russians hate america even more than people in countries that have actually been bombed by america ? 
  or the obsession russians have with america ( which is anything but reciprocal ) ? 
  there might have been an opportunity for russia to reconcile with the west , even become a part of it , but that boat has long since left port . 
   why would they be done for pure malice towards russian people . 
  it was n't , but russians feel otherwise . 
  their media constantly insinuates they are the victims of a sinister anti-russian conspiracy led by the us . 
  i was n't commenting on the effect of the sanctions on russians , rather their belief that the sanctions were done out of pure malice towards russian people . 
  not part of the ussr , just its puppets . 
   they truly believe that wester sanctions are in place to punish russian people for nothing i agree with everything you wrote , except the sanctions are to punish russian people for being russian . 
   nice straw man attempt there and here is another one :  the fact that people around here go out of their way to emphasize how ussr and stalin was worse than hitler,
