  i 've been to vilnius in 2008 , 2012 , and 2014 , so there were a few familiar sites - but i 've never seen them not bustling with activity . 
  were the people photoshopped out or something ? 
  of course you can find dilapidated , graffiti covered buildings if you look for them , but is there a city on earth you can not ? 
  i must say the transformation that has taken place over those years has been amazing - particularly bernardine park was all overgrown and run down the first time , now it is beautifully manicured . 
  edit : i 'm surprised they did n't include that half-built stadium next to the akropolis . 
  has something been done with that ? 
  those are literally the last two countries in the world i would want to have any control over the internet . 
   sputniknews, 
  i 'll throw in another plug for riga - old town was beautiful , lots of history , people extra nice , great food . 
  you may be colorblind , the flag of russia has a * blue * stripe in the middle , not green . 
  there is precisely zero evidence that the us wants russia broken apart , and poland and romania are not us colonies to provide cheap resources , even if those happen to be popular ideas in the russian imagination . 
  are there any conceivable scenarios where russia could move in and either annex a part of latvia or create a frozen conflict ? 
  and also the fact that the bombs dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki had their destructive power measured in kilotons , while modern icbms are measured in megatons . 
  and icbms can deliver their payload anyplace on the earth within the hour . 
  they look badass to me , as long as they are in museums , where they belong . 
  i know i probably sound sappy , but the leaders who have waved their nuclear dicks around the most have not struck me as the most rational players in the game . 
  something about eastern europeans ( or former su members ) and latin americans and adorning their vehicles with their flags . 
  note , i 'm not criticizing it - i learn the different flags , and it 's sort of like the country flair here on / r/europe . 
  i should hope the warheads were n't live !, 
  tanks and shit are cool , but you do n't find the idea of nuclear weapons on parade a bit creepy ? 
  i think [ this ] ( http://war080808.com/ ) would sum up the sentiment in russia towards georgia . 
  i believe the `` documentary '' is quite long , but there is no need to view it , since the page i linked talks about the film . 
  there is no conceivable reason why mexico would invite russia to hold military exercises on its territory . 
  `` hadji murat '' by tolstoy . 
  the way the story unfolds with the narrator looking at a broken weed on a roadside still growing reminisces about a `` very old tale '' from the caucuses - in this case the titular characters struggle for existence , burning all his bridges , betrayed by everyone , burning life 's candle at both ends is just harrowing and as intense as anything ever written . 
  this is something i honestly ca n't wrap my head around . 
  there is a rationale for how russians tend to view most things , even if i happen to disagree with that rationale . 
  but stalin died more recently than hitler , and russians certainly give a damn about what he did to russia . 
  with stalin , the only thing i get from the trolls i 've seen on yahoo !, 
  news and other forums is that he only purged `` criminals '' . 
  lol !, 
  i 've been accused of many things on reddit , but this is a first !, 
  europeans get irony , americans do n't . 
  nothing to do with intelligence . 
  we could poll our non-usaian friends here on / r/europe . 
  everyone i know from the uk who saw the film got it . 
  i have said that there are exceptions and that irony can be learned . 
  what percent of the american audience of paul verhoeven 's `` starship troopers '' recognized that the film was a satire ? 
  you read too much into what i wrote . 
  americans can develop a sense of irony , but only with great difficulty , as with mastery of a foreign language after the onset of middle age . 
  the result may be clumsy and stilted , but it will be there . 
  as for your question , i am a product of american society , born into it , educated and nurtured by , surrounded with it during my formative years . 
  that should be sufficient for an answer . 
  as the french may say , * l'exception qui confirme la r\u00e8gle * . 
  `` idiocracy '' is a hard hitting satire that presents much of what is wrong with american society , carried out to the nth degree , though it seems that - other than sarcasm - americans are devoid of any sense of irony . 
  and i thought americans were generally a thick-skinned lot as long as a couple touchy subjects ( military , race relations , gun control ) are n't brought up . 
  usa is more like `` idiocracy '' imho . 
  they also believe the west does this sort of thing all time against russia , like where a drunk russian diplomat got arrested while dragging his children by the hair through the garden . 
  russian media made it out that he was just minding his own business when dutch police broke into his home and beat the crap out of him just as an f-you to russia . 
  predator vs prey never is a fair fight . 
  the sink may prove awkward . 
  hitler 's plans for eastern europe were pretty horrific , and certainly worse than what the soviets did , but it was n't `` exterminate all inhabitants '', 
  i think critical thinking = not jumping to conclusions . 
  do we know for sure who the perpetrators are and who the victim is ? 
  there was a russian `` documentary '' entitled `` war 08.08.08 the art of betrayal '' that certainly pushed that view ( i did n't watch it my self , but channel one was running extended trailers frequently , with lots of footage of g.w.bush and condoleezza rice included ), 
  hershey 's is also an american producer of low-quality confectionery ; different company , and does n't typically come in a fancy box though . 
  according to wikipedia , russell stover was bought out by lindt in 2014 . 
  do n't think that will impact the quality , however . 
  it 's sort of like russell stover * , only different . 
  * russell stover is an american producer of low-quality confectionery that comes in fancy boxes . 
  thanks for the chuckle !, 
  sounds like the tag line for some bad sf film . 
  the `` enemy of my enemy '' plays some role , but i believe you 're overstating it . 
  a lot of people genuinely want to see liberals succeed in russian politics , and relations with the west would drastically improve if that were to happen . 
  but since liberals in russian politics usually end up in jail or dead , all that is left for westerners is to be supportive of those that disagree with the regime . 
  up to a point , but there is a lot of warm-and-fuzzy feelings for dissidents , especially when they are repressed . 
  there was a lot of sympathy for pussy riot in the west , even though almost no one in the west ever heard of them before their punk prayer act . 
  why did belarus , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , and tajikistan 's approval of eu/us/german leadership decline so much ? 
  more realistically there is a wide range of opinions among the nyc russian community . 
  of course rt ( for english speakers ) and channel one ( for russian speakers ) is readily available to work their influence , and there seems to be a particular strain of nationalism unique to russians that would draw some to such sources . 
  in us supermarkets `` english cucumbers '' ( which are considerably longer than other varieties ) are sold , though i do n't know if they have a different name in the uk . 
  i 've always supposed cornichons to `` french cucumbers '' . 
  especially when it involves nuclear warheads . 
  any one day would be nice . 
  but for someone as deeply indoctrinated as the young lady appears to be , there will be other * issues * that could well render additional time intolerable . 
  not necessarily . 
  suppose oil costs $ 40 to extract one barrel , and can be sold for $ 100/barrel if only one barrel is sold or $ 75/barrel if two are sold . 
  for one barrel you have $ 100 - $ 40 = $ 60 profit , and for two you have $ 75 + $ 75 - $ 40 - $ 40 = $ 70 profit . 
  the article reads like gobbledegook , but i get that he suggests that european culture will become homogenized and dumbed-down as has happened in the us . 
  i do n't agree with this conclusion , but as an outsider , i posted the article to provoke some thoughts , opinions , and analyses on the subject from europeans . 
  just a minor nitpick - only [ 3 % of russians ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/30/mh17-vast-majority-russians-believe-ukraine-downed-plane-poll ) believed that separatists were involved in the shoot down . 
  and as of 23 december 2014 , this [ poll ] ( http://www.echo.msk.ru/polls/1460928-echo.html ) by the liberal echo of moscow does not bode well . 
  i doubt internet trolling played any part in that . 
  more a case of the president getting on television and lying about the wmds to the american people , the media largely functioning as an echo chamber , and being soon enough after 9/11 with all the paranoia of the next attack , hatred of the middle east and muslims , and rampant patriotism all working in tandem to instigate war . 
  nobody is denying that the us and other governments are engaging in trolling , but there should be some nuance to the scope of the trolling and the nature of the propaganda . 
  for example , i would n't mind propaganda targeting islamists in an effort to de-radicalize them . 
  stuff like covering/obfuscating crimes and instigating war is a bit a bit harder to stomach . 
  i disagree . 
  they hear about how great their government because they are given no other choice . 
  if a new channel that is not kremlin controlled , and has lots of big name celebrities and slick production standards , then they will watch . 
  old joke : how do we know jesus was italian ? 
  he lived with his parents until he was 30 and believed his mother was a virgin . 
  i guess that particular preconception is n't challenged . 
  do n't school kids take languages that either parents persuade them to or that of a nation/culture that are popular and the kids have a favorable impression of ? 
  obama would n't disappear from public for a week or more because of the flu , or a sprained ankle , or complications from a botox treatment . 
  he has all the powers of a dictator , and bad things invariably happen to any opposition movement or leader once they become popular enough to be considered a `` threat . '', 
  i think in this case `` latvia , '' `` lithuania , '' and `` belarus '' are fictional props rather than actual countries as far as the writers are concerned - kind of like venus , mars , and the moon in sf from before space travel , and the authors could make up whatever they wanted about those places . 
  i doubt most americans have even heard of lithuania unless they read _ the jungle _ in school or saw _ hannibal rising _ , and even fewer would be able to locate it on a map . 
  edit - typo ; also , even when american producers do their homework , results are mixed . 
  there was a recent episode of `` booze traveler '' featuring lithuania , in which various scenes from vilnius managed to include trakai castle .
