  all yellow journalism and western fabrications / s, 
  i hear that argument , but i really do n't believe it , simply because russian icbms delivering nuclear warheads to the usa would certainly not be flying anywhere near romania , or any other country in ee . 
  they would be flying over the arctic if launched from the ground , or anywhere in the world 's oceans from submarines . 
  however , if the intended targets of russian nukes were in europe , then that 's a different story ... 
  isps are different , in that you can not have two players serving the same neighborhood , unless they both have their own infrastructure in place . 
  they are granted local monopolies by politicians , who are probably more interested in lining their pockets than serving their constituents . 
  i have n't been around lithuania enough to see if the big supermarket chains are in competition . 
  if they were , we would see new hyper maximas being built across the street from ikis and underselling them . 
  we have that here with wal-marts being built across the street from k-marts and putting them out of business . 
  5 days and no comments ? 
  paging all moldovan redditors , i know this is not welcome news for any civilized human being , but at least some explanation or refutation is needed . 
  another scenario is that without lend lease , the soviets would not have been able to fight the axis . 
  either way , we would not be having this discussion on reddit . 
  it seems maxima and iki are everywhere . 
  do they form a cartel ? 
  surprise twist : in europe it is customary to provide `` distance from ground '' measurements . 
  obviously i ca n't speak for czechs , or even europeans , but if i wanted to convey a huge f.u. 
  to the night wolves , i 'd be waiving a ukrainian , us , eu , or nato flag . 
  ones own flag is to welcome national heroes like soldiers or a winning olympic team . 
  sort of like jimmy savile then ? 
  yes . 
  first , let me say that actual charity concerts ( e.g. 
  his concert in tokyo ) or performing for soldiers who are far from home and risking their lives ( even if i disagree with their mission ) is something commendable . 
  this concert was a publicity stunt and nothing more . 
  assad is a dictator and a butcher , maybe not as bad as isis , though his regime has killed far more syrians than they have , and has provided a safe haven for them while they were attacking the us in iraq . 
  assad also supports hezbollah and other terror groups whose end goal is the destruction of the jewish state . 
  so assad is literally just as bad as hitler . 
  ( fortunately israel has a strong , modern military so that they can not accomplish that task ) . 
  the russian mission in syria is not about fighting terrorism , despite what the kremlin says publicly . 
  it 's about keeping the regime alive and intact . 
  just as the berliner philharmoniker was about displaying glorious german culture to vichy france , the mariinsky orchestra is about displaying glorious russian culture to assad 's syria ( though ordinary syrians do n't benefit ) . 
  so in the end , the concert is a propaganda piece . 
  just as the raising of the soviet flag over the reichstag . 
  maybe you do n't see it for what it is , or maybe you do , but approve . 
  i do n't , but as propaganda goes , it was obviously a smashing success . 
  he also conducted a concert in tskhinvali after the war with georgia . 
  great conductor , but questionable ethics . 
  i really do n't see much difference between this and the berliner philharmoniker performing at the paris opera in 1941 . 
  edit - not sure if hvk lead the bp there, 
  see articles linked [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:invasions_by_the_soviet_union ) for examples , including * poland * hungary * japan ( south sakhalin and kuril islands ) * czechoslovakia * georgia * azerbaijan * afghanistan * china, 
  russian mafia and putin 's circle . 
  draw a venn diagram . 
   what do you mean pass ? 
  probably that they still need to be implemented , and will be challenged by the courts if done . 
  as for such measure hurting us and non-us citizens alike , this aclu [ blog ] ( https://www.aclu.org/blog/speak-freely/extreme-vetting-visitors-poses-extreme-threat-our-principles-and-our-security ) is a very good read . 
  the trump administration has already gotten a lot of asinine policies passed , so i would n't be too sure this never will . 
  then why dig up the worst shit source from the privy of us media for a story about european affairs ? 
  i 'm going to say u/kushloverxxl is not bulgarian , but rather an american troll . 
  fox news quotes the sun , which is on the list of proscribed sources for r/europe . 
  i do n't see either of those as reliable sources either ( just because they 're not as bad as daily wire , they still are crap ) . 
  daily wire is a far-right us news site that peddles a lot of `` alternative facts '' ( aka `` lies '' or `` propaganda '' ) . 
  they have a very strong anti-immigrant bias , so i would ask for a different source to represent the swedish prime ministers actual statements and views . 
  both those statements are false . 
  anonymous sources are the only way to obtain sensitive inside information and need to be protected . 
  two sided viewpoints more often than not are a false equivalence , for example there are no other views on the scientific consensus on global warming or the downing of mh17 besides propaganda . 
  comment sections in yahoo !, 
  news articles have always been that way . 
  i really do n't know where the commentators get dug up from . 
  ouch !, 
  the usa may very well have snowden and assange disappeared , terminated , or sent to guantanamo . 
  this has nothing to do with navalny 's potential fate . 
  this is a really stupid `` look the other way '' argument . 
  right now , not very good . 
  but we 'll have to see how the 2018 midterm election goes , depending on how goes and how much public resentment for trump is at that point , that could be a game changer . 
  it seems that german trust in russia has come up quite a lot since the low point following crimea and mh17 , so i would have to assume this lack of trust has a half-life . 
  i 'm sure german-american relations will be just peachy once trump is impeached , removed from office , and sent to prison . 
  the right really gets its knickers in a knot when george soros ( according to right-wing fake news media ) does . 
  my crush - enki bracaj - is albanian too ; she 's madly in love with me , but she just does n't know it yet . 
  we were warned . 
  the trouble is a large number of americans really do want the things he says he 's going to do - mass deportations , walls , abolishing the epa and other pesky agencies for protecting our environment and health , bans on muslims , reviving the coal and petroleum industry , bombing the fuck out of countries in the middle east . 
  it 's really a catch-22 . 
  on one hand i want him to fail so horribly that he and his ilk are rendered unelectable laughing stock permenantly , but for that to happen , my country will have to fall pretty hard . 
  the courts and the press wo n't do - according to his supporters they are just liberal , activist `` so-called '' judges and fake news , respectively . 
  except there is no evidence natural selection penalizes this kind of stupidity . 
  it will take hundreds of years and millions of excess deaths ( at least ) before natural selection confers any of the benefits we could have right now with a sensible vaccination regime . 
  what is it a specific comment you wrote there , or was it for challenging the kremlin narrative in general ? 
   by the way , a similar thing will happen in russia , you just wait . 
  i would n't count on it . 
  maybe if putin has an aneurysm , but then russia will just end up with another dictator , and one that is perhaps even more hostile to the west , freedom and democracy . 
  given the next potus would like to personally fellatiate putin , that 's all there is now . 
  if the usa had an executive branch with any balls , they would have told russia to get the fuck out of ukraine , and they would have , with their tail between their legs . 
  there is nothing ukraine can do . 
  the situation is like a woman being raped where the onlookers are afraid to do anything except politely ask the rapist to stop . 
  you miss my point entirely , but that is partly my fault . 
  i did say `` russia '' and not `` lnr/dnr '' . 
  dialog is almost always the first option ( even in the usa ) , but force should always be there when dialog fails , otherwise the police are utterly impotent . 
  maybe things are different in the former soviet union , but dialog does not mean telling a criminal they wo n't be charged with any crimes ( other some symbolic sanctions perhaps ) and to try to refrain form committing future crimes . 
   police deals with criminals either with force or dialogue . 
  what possible dialog would between police and criminals could possibly apply to russia ? 
  military action initiated by russia . 
  ukraine should n't have to make any of the negotiations at all . 
  its like getting mugged in the street , and having the police to tell you to negotiate with the mugger because they ca n't ( or more likely wo n't ) do anything about it . 
  police do n't resolve a conflict with criminals through political dialog . 
  same thing in donbass , except the criminals have the backing of russian military . 
  it 's still a bullshit analogy . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 and company were attempting to gain control of kosovo through a program of ethnic cleansing . 
  multiple human rights groups have noted that the preponderance of atrocities were committed by serbian forces . 
  nothing even comparable occurred in ukraine . 
  east wants to be part of ukraine . 
  your analogy fails .
