  does n't it start in september ? 
   putin replied that russia did not start the confrontation and wo n't be the first to lower the tensions so is he delusional or simply a pathological liar ? 
  i really wish more russians would realize how toxic this man is for the russian state , and even the rest of the world . 
   economic backwardness is secondary when you have a thousand year old culture and you have to protect the sovereignty of the nation . 
  so really not too much different from the aspirations of the islamic state . 
  could be hazardous to your health . 
  even within nyc , there are english tudor style houses to be found such as in the [ forest hills neighborhood ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@40.7159288,-73.8457883,3a,75y,132.5h,77.41t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s-9l7ku6n75uqkhcihrwtxg!2e0!7i3328!8i1664!6m1!1e1 ) . 
  lithuanian is easy to recognize : `` blah blah gerai blah gerai blah blah gerai blah blah gerai blah blah gerai a\u010di\u016b '', 
  i was having dinner at a restaurant in luxembourg and at the next table [ s ] there was a group of really loud , boisterous , drunk brits . 
  the waiter said something to us , assuming they were also americans , and we had to quietly explain they were british . 
  not an urban legend : [ source ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/id/6666338/ns/us_news-weird_news/t/american-abroad-try-traveling-canadian/#.v0ceypnytpg ) . 
  what did rostropovich have to stare at ? 
  true . 
  and as a corollary , any criticism of the ussr is anti-russian . 
   i honeslty partly blame your counrtry america . 
  russia is obsessed with america and wants america to view it as its lover or friend and america not caring about it leads russia to feel spurned . 
  if america could make a little more effort to pretend russia is cool i feel russia would calm down . 
  not going to happen . 
  the vast majority of americans do n't give a shit about russia . 
  from the fine article , it was a surveillance plane that russia is bitching about . 
  whether or not you agree with its mission ( snooping/spying ) , it is not the same as attack or bomber aircraft flying provocatively or simulating attacks on us/nato/eu assets . 
  how is eurovision anti-russian propaganda ? 
  the song by jamala was about crimes committed by the soviet union , which no longer exists , and certainly not the same thing as russia . 
  what has alexievich written or said specifically that is anti-russian propaganda ? 
  afaik she writes about the ussr . 
  even if eurovision is political ( i 'm not entirely convinced it is ) , so what ? 
  the decision to award fahrenheit 9/11 the palme d'or at cannes was extremely political . 
  like 1944 , the film highlights massive , state-sponsored crimes against humanity . 
  it reflects much more on those who oppose the film , song , and books , and would rather see the the crimes swept under the carpet , than it does the those who produce them . 
   no , but coming from people that nominated hitler for noble peace prize a little background ( from nobelprize.org ) is in order :  adolf hitler was nominated once in 1939 . 
  incredulous though it may seem today , the nazi dictator adolf hitler was nominated for the nobel peace prize in 1939 , by a member of the swedish parliament , an e.g.c. 
  brandt . 
  apparently though , brandt never intended the nomination to be taken seriously . 
  brandt was to all intents and purposes a dedicated antifascist , and had intended this nomination more as a satiric criticism of the current political debate in sweden . 
  ( at the time , a number of swedish parliamentarians had nominated then british prime minister neville chamberlin for the nobel peace prize , a nomination which brandt viewed with great skepticism . ), 
  however , brandt 's satirical intentions were not well received at all and the nomination was swiftly withdrawn in a letter dated 1 february 1939 . 
   as far as i know russian government never said this . 
  correct me if i am wrong here . 
  just russian state-owned tv ran numerous conspiracy theories implicating ukraine ( nice write up by the [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-35706048 ) ) , while never mentioning any actual evidence ( has russian tv ever had a program speculating if either separatists or the armed forces of the russian federation were responsible ? ), 
  so why does the fact that ms alexievich won the nobel prize infuriate you so much ? 
  on the contrary . 
  the fact that a large number of people think this way makes her nobel prize all the more relevant . 
  hmm , i wonder if rod blagojevich ( the disgraced illinois governor who tried to sell obama 's vacated senate seat ) is a descendant . 
  ukrainian , but part of russian empire at the time . 
   toronto , which is basically the us anyway they were even hosting american football at the rogers centre for a few years . 
  it 'll cause irreversible brain damage . 
  good lord , are you actually citing venezuela government media to `` prove '' the economic situation in venezuela is caused by the us ? 
  thanks for the lols !, 
  irrelevant . 
  russia was basically fucked in the '90s no matter who was in charge . 
  how is he worse than putin ( who was fortunate to come into power during the rebound from the '98 crash and carried upward by skyrocketing oil prices ) ? 
  he wants to mend ties west , so that alone is something . 
  are you playing dumb ? 
  it 's a * perception * index precisely because it is not possible to measure corruption directly . 
  from the graph in the article it looks like the trend since early 2015 has been less negative growth , and now just broke into positive . 
  hopefully , the next few years will be of accelerating positive growth . 
  you better inform ti that their methods are flawed and the real cpi for the us is just as low as that of russia and ukraine , but just managed to legalize it all away . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't follow you . 
  you say in democracies , people vote out the corrupt local politicians . 
  but you say corruption in concentrated at the top in dictatorships ( excepting russia ) . 
  how is that so , since the local politicians are all appointed by the state in an authoritarian type government . 
  also , in democracies , there are political machines and demographics where the people will vote for their party whoever the candidate is - hence corruption stays . 
  do the kids also realize that without lend lease , most soviet soldiers would have died of starvation instead of beating the germans . 
  and that since the germans were not able to defeat great britain , the us and uk were able to send the kriegsmarine to the bottom of the ocean and bomb germany into the stone age . 
   you can only quickly and effectively fight corruption if you are a dictator , like in china . 
  then explain why western democracies have much lower corruption perception [ indices ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2015 ) than authoritarian regimes . 
  russia already gave them a little taste of how that would go at ilovaisk . 
   first : nobody even the us wants putin to die . 
  if they wanted him dead and thought they would gain something without getting burned they would have done it . 
  i do n't know where you get the idea anyone wants putin dead . 
  it 's pretty well known that his replacement is going to be much more nationalistic and hostile to the west . 
  and even if the us did want him dead , their attempts to have fidel castro assassinated shows that they are n't all that good at it , not to mention how much more difficult a target putin would be . 
   in the very unlikely event putin dies tomorrow tomorrow , highly unlikely . 
  in the next two years , unlikely . 
  in the next 10 years , a reasonably good chance . 
  he 's not getting any younger . 
   then they are going to completely shut down the rebellion . 
  the public will say `` hey this guy cares for the country '' and will endorse him . 
  this is how it is done today . 
  so basically a repeat of how putin came into power . 
    maybe russia will dissolve  what will disslove russia to ? 
  independent sibir ? 
  chechnya ? 
  there is nothing to dissolve it to . 
  if putin has an aneurysm tomorrow , what do you think will happen to russia ? 
   this scenario could be ignited by putin if he feels like he 's or heading towards a spot like hitler was in 1945 such as having to put up a fight over [ crimea ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/vladimir-putin-says-russia-was-preparing-to-use-nuclear-weapons-if-necessary-and-blames-us-for-10109615.html ) ? 
   the soviet union never had a first strike doctrine pull the other one , it has bells . 
  you said * probably * would have won . 
  not a chance they were willing to take . 
  one of the first actions when seizing the peninsula was to cut off all non-russian media , and then to pull out all the stops in the `` fascists in kiev are coming for you '' narrative , along with disappearing a few pesky tatar activists , they were taking no chances with the operation not going as smoothly as planned . 
  but some nationalities had more special treatment than others in the ussr . 
  i doubt romania is very close to potential launch sites ( only the very southwest corner of russia ) . 
  alaska ( which has a ton of such facilities already ) and the northern part of norway are much better locations . 
  as i mentioned , protecting europe from incoming short and medium range ballistic missiles , in addition to providing one hell of an air defense system for the region . 
  of course you must realize that the crimean war was fought to prevent the russian empire from annexing territory from the ottomans . 
  hardly a european invasion , rather a justified response to a russian invasion . 
  not comparable . 
  countries in south america got their independence from spain and portugal back in the 19th centuries ( and the monroe doctrine telling them to stay out of their affairs from the same period ) , they are separated from them by an ocean . 
  latin america has not been occupied or had puppet governments installed either . 
  relations are mostly positive .
