  there is no comparison , full stop . 
  why is it so hard to for you to understand that not everything is politically motivated . 
  in fact , russia got off pretty easy , considering the scope of the violations . 
   well given that i 'd not let greenpeace access even my dacha-garden . 
  of course not . 
  greenpeace reports environmental disasters that your government is not willing to acknowledge . 
  apologies if you were just being coy . 
  nounhud got it wrong a little while ago , so i assumed vox_camum 's obliqueness was missed by some . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vassal_state might be of help . 
  he 's suggesting ukraine is a us puppet . 
  so is it even possible to criticize the government of russia and not be a part of some `` shit stained crusade against everything russian '' ? 
  and for some more insight into what the echo is up against : http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2008/09/22/echo-in-the-dark, 
   he wrote this scientifically , it 's not an opinion piece . 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive, 
  i think you need examples to prove your point rather than another analogy . 
  i 'll take six corporations over one political party to have control over 90 % of media . 
  it is 10.87 years average , but has been as short as 252 days according to the [ texas department of criminal justice ] ( https://www.tdcj.state.tx.us/death_row/dr_facts.html ) . 
   yeah , all hail us the sole bringer of truth . 
  nice straw-man to begin your counterargument . 
  you missed my point entirely . 
  i did not say it is a proven fact that russian military brought down mh17 , just that very strong arguments exist for it being the case ( and i can add that an equally minuscule number believes it was local separatists ) . 
  much more than 2 % of the population should believe that is the most likely scenario given what we do know . 
  there may be `` freedom '' of the press in russia ( novaya gazeta had a headline `` forgive us , netherlands '' a couple days after the incident ) , but it is completely irrelevant if for the large majority , facts are fabrications and fabrications are facts . 
  if russian media emulates us media , it does n't demonstrate that they are n't just two sides of the same coin , only that us media is regarded as slick , professional , and effective . 
  and in some cases russia has excelled their model : vremya is more serious , slick , and professional than any comparable reports on , say , cnn , russian game shows are more glamorous and glitzy than their american models . 
  but that is just the surface , else pc and mac should be considered the same . 
  others have pointed out differences between western and russian media . 
  one more , that the author also seems to have missed . 
  western countries are multi-party democracies , russia has only one major party . 
  in the usa , if msnbc sucks up to the democrat party and foxnews sucks up to the republican party , they are going to be very keen on exposing any wrongdoing or impropriety done by the other party . 
  if there is only one major party , and all the media sucks up to that party , they are only going to be keen on exposing wrongdoing by the ( already insignificant ) opposition parties , and in the absence of dirt on the opposition , to external `` threats '' . 
   that 's what the freedom of press is , that you can publish even unpopular content , is n't it ? 
  not really . 
  if the number of russians who believe that mh-17 was brought down by russian military or that hospitals in are being bombed in syria intentionally is minuscule , and those facts are considered `` foreign propaganda '' , there is a failure of press freedom . 
  a state can jail non-compliant journalists , make them disappear , or die in `` accidents '' or `` unsolved '' murders , but that is heavy handed , and likely to have undesired consequences . 
  a velvet glove approach is much more desirable : if the population can be persuaded the truth is lies and as popular as wbc ramblings , and that that the official narrative on current events is gospel truth , than that is the ultimate victory over press freedom . 
   novaja gazeta paper , ekho mosvy radio , dozhd tv channel all of whom are highly critical of the government how popular are those media in russia ? 
  echo of moscow features a lot of opposition ( in addition to the establishment ) , but they tread very carefully around controversy . 
  dozhd does not exist as a tv channel any more . 
  the last time the baltics were made into russian oblasts , a large portion of their populations were deported , many thousands imprisoned , tortured , or executed for political reasons , their culture was repressed , and so on . 
  of course `` good '' and `` bad '' are simply value judgments , with the russian perspective being `` we saved you from fascism '' and `` we brought you civilization '' . 
  and of course , baltic states under communism were hostile to us interests . 
  nato was created to prevent a similar fate from befalling western europe , having them become communist states , russian puppets also hostile to us interests . 
  thus , it is about politics and self interest , but it is mutual . 
  us wants the baltics to be friendly states , the baltics do n't want their citizens murdered , abused , their human rights abrogated , and their culture dismantled . 
  maybe `` good '' and `` evil '' are purely relative terms , but as far as i am concerned ( and i 'm sure most liths , latvians , and estonians are ) , russia can go fuck itself if they want to go revanchist . 
  the soviets did pretty well eradicating the forest brothers and other insurgencies in countries they occupied . 
  yea , it does . 
  micromanaging the media is impossible ; it 's much more effective to lay down the law when needed , and see that a few pesky journalists are either silenced or `` corrected '' when they fall out of line . 
  `` western propaganda '' = any news that the state media in russia censors . 
  a german who gets all of his `` news '' from rt perhaps . 
  in 2008 during the georgian war , he brought 35 heads of media to sochi and gave them a severe reprimand on how they were reporting news . 
  the large majority of russians do not read english , let alone the moscow times , so it is n't worth the trouble of shutting them down . 
  also note that their sister paper , st petersburg times has already folded , online comment section removed , the finnish ownership had to sell the franchise , had a chief editor replaced , is regularly demonized on russian state media , and suffers frequent cyber attacks . 
  probably not much longer and they will be either shut down ( or allowed to fold ) or become just another kremlin mouthpiece . 
  too early to say , but keep in mind that it is in the kremlin 's interest that it does fail . 
   crimea not allowed to speak their own language or have state-provided tatar-language schools ? 
  was n't using the latin alphabet for their written language outlawed when crimea was annexed ? 
  which is a good thing . 
  the last thing the world needs to see is john ashcroft fapping on live television . 
  we have a bronze replica in [ buffalo , new york ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/replicas_of_michelangelo%27s_david#north_america ) . 
  it looks like presstv is also banned , but not xinhua or telesur . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/disallowed_domains ) is a list of all banned domains . 
  edit 2 : presstv is not on the list , but automoderator still deletes it . 
  democracies fail because of the lack of checks on ruthless men 's ambition . 
  so when a me dictator is overthrown , you will only get another dictator , or worse . 
  i believe syria is past help now , it will be a failed state , a war zone , and a brutal dictatorship , and a hotbed of terrorism ( all simultaneously ) for decades no matter what anyone does going forward . 
  if we ( the west ) were to do anything , we should have picked a side ( either assad or the fsa ) , and given them full support from the very beginning , knowing full well that democracy is some distant pipe dream . 
  some of sputnik 's content bears a superficial resemblance to news , so i can see the possibility of redditors mistakenly submitting links here . 
  however , not even allowing * sputnik news dot com * written out , let along providing citations within posts , is a bit excessive . 
  there was also a link to globalresearch.ca submitted here a week or so ago . 
  it 's odd they are n't on the list of proscribed websites as well . 
  i 'll probably disagree , but thanks for sharing . 
  non-western societies such as japan and south korea have reasonably good democracies ; even a few african countries ( senegal , botswana , namibia ) are n't too bad either . 
  the idea may have started in the west - going back to ancient greece - but very diverse peoples and societies have adopted it . 
  it could be what / u/x71p3qvf says about brigading . 
  it could be just that our flair attracts negative attention in this subreddit from time to time . 
  i do n't mind downvotes , especially when i say something stupid or through poe 's law , but downvotes with no explanation do look suspect . 
  not op , but spain and greece are liberal democracies , and i would rather see countries like that succeed than more authoritarian places . 
  not at all . 
  that 's why saddam ruled with an iron fist . 
  i do n't seem to be explaining myself well . 
  people want leadership that will listen to their needs and that can be removed if they do n't . 
  unless you happen to be the leadership , in which case you want subjects who will provide your needs yet can not take away you privilege and power . 
  democracies fail because institutions that look after the first group do n't exist or are compromised by the second , far smaller , group . 
  i said `` people '' and not `` nations '' gravitate towards democracy . 
  once people start to question whether their king really does rule by divine right , they 've been infected with the bug . 
  those who stand to lose by becoming answerable to the people are going to fight it . 
  we see it all over , with the rise of more authoritarian figures , western nations being no exception , and proving vulnerable . 
  sputnik has totally debunked it with their '' ` russia 's psychological warfare against sweden ' which has never been waged '' article ( ca n't link here because source verboten in / r/europe ) . 
  i 've mentioned many times that iraq is a complete , utter fuckup . 
  however , the roots of daesh go back further than that . 
  islamism has been on the rise for a while ( going back to at least to the rise of the muslim brotherhood ) , european colonialism in the me has left a disastrous legacy . 
  us/uk intervention in iraq destabilized the area even more ( and i 'll point out that syria was allowing extremists safe haven since they were attacking coalition soldiers ) . 
  however , the syrian protests started when a couple of kids were kidnapped , tortured , and executed for spray-painting `` down with assad '' on their school , the protests were * peaceful * until the syrian armed forces decided to gun them down , bomb them . 
  we all share some measure of guilt , but the lion 's share and the one who set it all off was none other than bashar al-assad . 
  i agree with points 1 and 3 . 
  for point 2 , most people naturally gravitate towards democracy unless they either have been indoctrinated otherwise or have power to gain by being non-democratic . 
  however , democracies often fail , having elections does not make a democracy , and many a dictator or warlord originally came into power via open , fair election . 
  so i see nothing wrong with promoting democracy as the best , fairest system out there , but trying to impose it on anyone has always backfired in the worst possible way .
