  i would be perfectly fine with the eu being one such pole - or even the only one - but certainly not fucking china , with its freedom of the press being ranked 176 out of 180 in the latest reporters without borders report . 
  and in other news , ukraine rose by 22 in same ranking . 
   russia is like hotel california : you can check in any time you like , but you can never leave . 
  more like roach motel : `` roaches check in , but they do n't check out ! '', 
  even before ca . 
  reporting like that is par for the course with tabloids everywhere , but it looks like ren tv is a respectable network ( at least it was up to the time olga romanova was fired ) . 
   i 've seen reports in our media that 20 + american crew members have resigned due to being frightened by the russian jet . 
  seriously ? 
   the difference being there 's no mugger i 'm sure a few of russia 's neighbours would beg to differ . 
   the presence of the ship is to threaten/deter russia . 
  so sort of like the policeman standing on the corner is to threaten/deter muggers . 
    most of our achievements are dismissed  some examples of said dismissed achievements ? 
  i 'll probably garner some negative karma for saying this and be accused of snarky put-downs , but russia suffers from a massive inferiority complex . 
  i think there are two big bones of contention . 
  first off russians want everyone to think that they won ww2 and saved the world from fascism . 
  the answer is more nuanced than that is this recent [ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/4dj2ha/were_the_ussr_largely_responsible_for_the_victory/ ) to / r/askhistory . 
  putin 's victory day speeches do n't exactly emphasize that winning ww2 was a group effort the allies participated in . 
  second , i think greatly exaggerates the `` made in russia '' brand ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  the claim that radio , tv , the parachute were invented by russians . 
  the real story is more complicated , to say the least . 
  there was a recent tv programme saying that a russian doctor invented the artificial knee replacement and that a us company bought up his patent and made boatloads of money selling them all over the world . 
  it 's like the nationality of the inventor is more important than the invention . 
  like the russian public needs a few bones thrown so that they can feel like they 're smart , and would achieve greatness if only the big bad usa would n't constantly keep them down . 
  sorry if this comes across as snark , but facts are facts . 
  all good guesses , not on the menu , but if you ask nicely ... 
  i believe it 's just zeppelin in lithuanian . 
  can you guess what the popular restaurant chain cili pica specializes in ? 
  cepelinai are so good that you do n't notice the fat filling you up . 
   press freedom means that private companies can do what they want without the `` government '' interfering . 
  exactly . 
  it has the effect that government officials have a lot less control over their public image on media , less ability to cover up things they do n't want the public to find out . 
  `` journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed . 
  everything else is public relations . '', 
  has it occurred that the majority of / r/europe subscribers who are most vociferously critical of russia are from countries that were occupied by russia/ussr for 50 years , and do not have exactly fond memories of said occupation ? 
  and if oil stayed around $ 10 per barrel through the first decade of the 21st century , do you honestly believe the living standard in russia would have dramatically increased as it did ? 
   and problem with media is that ours is not up to the western media standards in deviousness ( sp ? ), 
  and consistency . 
  please elaborate . 
  there is no central authority dictating to the western media what to report and how to present it as there is in russia . 
  cnn , msnbc , fox news in the us have presentation that verges on amateurish , and the bias on the last two are as blatant as anything on rt , not to mention those two are at odds . 
  also compare vremja on first channel - it is slick , professional , and dramatic in its presentation in a way that western media can only dream of . 
  i believe nato 's actions were intended to stop ethnic cleansing because of the overwhelming evidence . 
  and i will stop believing if comparable evidence to the contrary becomes available . 
  so far not a shred of it has come in , conspiracy theories such as the operations in kosovo were a stratagem to secure mineral wealth notwithstanding . 
  `` they 've attacked serbia '' considering the ethnic cleansing that was stopped by said attack , it 's sickening how anyone can be against us/eu/nato on that account . 
  edit - downvoters : please identify yourselves so i can tag pro-genocide redditors . 
  correct . 
  i do n't know why many russians think all media should treat russia as some special snowflake where everything is hunky-dory ( except perhaps there own media does ) . 
  reporting on the brazil olympics is even worse - zika , crime , sewage , pollution , and so on . 
  but it is just propaganda and brainwashing . 
  there are lots of people in my own country who think corporations should have more rights than the citizens and that all forms of social security , safety nets should eliminated . 
  what other possible explanation could there be for people whose views are so profoundly agains their own self interests ? 
  not watching kremlin tv and living in a different country does not mean the propaganda ca n't reach you - after all propaganda propagates ; people whose views were shaped by what they heard on tv communicate with those who were not originally influenced . 
  to what would you attribute your not entirely unbiased views on the events on ukraine and emotional involvement ? 
  i really ca n't understand why people do n't admire the bravery of those participating in the euromaidan movement , fighting for civil liberties and getting the most corrupt autocratic president ukraine has had so far . 
  ( the movement may have been doomed from the start because ukraine , but that 's beside the point . ), 
  there really was the end of the tunnel . 
  unfortunately putin came into power just as the first rays of light we 're becoming visible . 
  you said :  how much invented and completly false bullshit was on the news about sochi ? 
  i do n't know what daily negative news stories you 're talking about ? 
  the olympic ring failing to open to a snowflake ? 
  the door that needed to be opened with an ax ? 
  the bathroom stall with two toilets ? 
  sorry if i do n't see those as examples of western media trying to besmirch russia - news media are rife with similar stories about everyone . 
  besides there was much positive reporting , from maria sharapova 's interviews , lots of cultural programming , etc. 
   plus : i never said it was `` propaganda '' , stop putting words in my mouth . 
  no need to get testy . 
  i 'm not the one downvoting you . 
  so you mean some prank pulled off by a popular comedian is state propaganda because a couple news media fell for it ? 
  u/bloodysneeze once accused me of being racist for stating that americans lack the finely tuned sense of irony that the british have . 
  on peril of more such accusations , your assessment of american beers is mostly accurate . 
  it is well known that the mass produced beers such as bud and coors are swill . 
  in the past 10 years or so , there has been an explosion of mirco-breweries . 
  however , the vast majority of these `` craft '' beers are ipas so overloaded with the bitterest of hops that very little of the other ingredients can be tasted . 
  moreover , there seems to be little consistency within individual products - same brewery , same style , different batch may as well be a completely new product , and one that is almost invariably worse than the previous . 
  needless to say , keeping current with decent american beers is a challenge . 
  so tell us some more about french beers !, 
  it seems that a matter of geography would make for quite a variety of styles - from the celtic traditions of brittany , the german of alsace-lorraine , belgian in the north-east . 
  now i 'm getting thirsty !, 
  of course i was being facetious , but would n't a unified ossetia be a very pro-russian nation regardless ? 
  how about russia cede north ossetia and the two unify to form their own country ? 
  india is an ally and does not have a border anywhere near russia . 
  more specific - google `` showtime nyc subway '' for some videos . 
  we have the `` showtime kids '', 
  the leader of the un mission himself dismissed the government 's claim that the rebels were the perpetrators . 
  hrw stated that rebels were not known to have possessed the type of rockets used . 
  my counterargument is not an ad hominem - hersh has produced a number of dodgy reports . 
  that 's a fact , and it is not unreasonable to wait for a more reliable source . 
  hersh has provided some good reports , to be fair , but not nearly enough to take his word as gospel . 
  you need a citation for claiming `` mit scientists [ have stated ] it is physically impossible for the missiles to have come from government territory '' . 
  i doubt you 're going to find much more than postel challenging the traditional narrative . 
  stop moving the goal posts . 
  there is not `` every single piece of evidence pointing to the rebels '' - that is a flat out lie . 
  and the only claim that it was a false flag attack comes from the kremlin , certainly not a neutral or trustworthy source . 
  the us did not bomb assad because there was fierce opposition from the republican congress ( only opposed because they oppose everything obama says or does , certainly not because they took a moral stand ) , the public was very much against intervention , the uk announced it would not back a military intervention . 
  putin offered obama a chance to save face and agree to having assad eliminate his chemical weapons stockpile instead . 
  oh seymour hersh , who has made a number of shaky , unsubstantiated claims before , who only says that al nusra had the capability . 
  the un investigation was only allowed on preconditions ( set by russia and syria ) that they would not blame either side , but everything - the delivery rockets , the purity of the sarin , the launching sites being in government controlled territory - pointed to assads side . 
   gas false flag attack on ghouta why the hell does nonsense like this even get upvotes ? 
  is n't alexander lebedev an opposition figure , and part owner of novaya gazeta , one of the few remaining independent news media in russia ?
