  indians committed plenty of atrocities against the settlers . 
  both russia and the united states occupy territory where the native population has been eradicated , dispersed , or assimilated . 
  edit - or marginalized, 
  she is not banned , neither are any russian athletes as long as they can prove they are clean . 
  in any team sport , the entire team can be penalized for the misconduct of some . 
  nobody calls that discrimination . 
  team russia is being penalized for for widespread systemic cheating and nothing else . 
  i 'm sorry she ca n't compete under the flag of her country because her country broke the rules . 
  considering that there is no way to determine which athletes used performance enhancing drugs because urine samples have been falsified or destroyed , athletes were given advance notice when they were to be tested , and testers were prevented from doing their jobs , it simply is not possible to determine which athletes are cheaters and which are clean . 
  one can only penalize the franchise . 
  i am really happy she stood up for what 's right . 
  the head of russia 's anti doping agency faces criminal charges at home for doing so and had to flee the country . 
  two of his colleagues are dead . 
  she is a very brave woman . 
  there is nothing political about the actions of the ioc and the iaaf . 
  they have maintained a zero tolerance policy towards doping for a long time . 
  russia 's flaunting has been high handed and particularly egregious . 
  i am glad they are going to be made an example of ( though i have my doubt any penalties will actually be imposed ) . 
  all the whinging by putin and russian media does n't help anything . 
  does n't really answer my question . 
  why would they feel different from the majority of people from kharkiv or odessa ( or most likely donetsk and lugansk ) ? 
  the second is n't really fuckery - just a matter of geography . 
   and what is the morality of keeping the people under a state they do not support ? 
  and why would the people prefer to live as part of the russian state than the ukrainian state ? 
  so crimean tatars are savages and their removal was for the good of `` civilization '' - not unlike china 's claim on tibet or the indian removals in united states . 
  she also claims that her human rights are being violated and that the ban is nothing more than discrimination against russia , completely ignoring the reasons for the ban . 
  you missed the point of the ban . 
  it 's not that some athletes have been doping . 
  the russian government is actively facilitating and covering up athletes who do . 
  there is a huge difference there . 
   if russian athletes are more likely to use doping is there any evidence that they are indeed more likely to dope ? 
  the problem is that the russian government was developing and providing performance enhancing drugs to its athletes , and assisting them in evading detection by a variety of schemes such as swapping urine samples , intimidation/harassment of testers , etc. 
  also note that the director ( grigory rodchenkov ) of russia 's anti-doping laboratory who made many allegations had to flee the country , and two of his assistants have died unexpectedly this year . 
  i really hope all the russian athletes who are clean will be able to participate as independent olympians . 
  and good that they did n't , otherwise the area would have been ethnically cleansed of bosniaks . 
  quoting nato from 1949 ? 
  only 4 years since germany was defeated after starting the most destructive war in human history , and russia had just annexed half of europe , and every indication they would take the rest if opportunity presented itself . 
  sounds like a pretty reasonable thing to say . 
   jews grew a pair and fought back nazis , they started hunting nazis down in every corner of the world . 
  after nazis were obliterated , germany occupied . 
  `` growing a pair '' went down like the warsaw uprising before that . 
   in football though , doping is n't everything , you also need team effort and coordination which you ca n't yet take as a pill . 
  so how is russia going to win the 2018 world cup ? 
  great analysis !, 
  one more thing is a possible `` russians finish what english started '' narrative presented on state media . 
  fortunately , that seems to have backfired . 
  there was recently posted a link for a rt programme on r/ukrainianconflict . 
  nsfw , so i will only link the [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/4nq3n4/argentina_to_suspend_rt_from_national_broadcasting/d479q1p ) where it can be found . 
  i literally can not imagine any crazier , over-the-top propaganda . 
  a journalist spent a week watching russian tv . 
  you can read about his experiences [ here ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/22/magazine/out-of-my-mouth-comes-unimpeachable-manly-truth.html?_r=0 ) . 
  `` vulgaria '' is a fictional country in the popular 1968 childrens ' film [ chitty chitty bang bang ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chitty_chitty_bang_bang ) . 
  i 'm sure that has seeped into the collective conscious and causes confusion to this day . 
  all it takes is one retarded fanatic . 
  stay safe . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong - it seems russia day is a pretty low key holiday in the rf , especially compared with new years , march 8 , victory day . 
  edit - also , happy russia day !, 
  of course ; he would n't have been able to bring prosperity to russia without cooperation with the west . 
  i think we all thought of russia as a partner back in those days , and not in the cynical sense putin bandies around the term now . 
  because most of them do . 
  he came to power at the time a terrible recession had just turned around and was winning a second war against chechnya . 
  he found further fortune with skyrocketing oil prices and lucrative gas deals while silencing all dissenting voices in politics and media and successfully played on people 's fears of a us/nato/west boogeyman . 
  i believe it means to defecate on or in . 
  your vietnam example is a red herring . 
  rfe is n't a news provider in the usual sense . 
  their purpose is rather to report information that the soviets ( or russia as their successor ) want suppressed or to counter claims they make . 
  on this case russia makes the claim that nato exercises are a provocation , to which rfe counters `` your exercises are an order of magnitude larger than ours and right on our borders while ours are held throughout europe in the various member states ; you are the real provocateurs . '', 
  rentv and pravda.ru have labeled nato as `` terrorists '' . 
  however , i 'm sure we can all agree that those media are rubbish . 
  that example is grossly misleading . 
  so much so , that it is an abuse of what constitutes `` factual '' reporting . 
  size of military exercise by number of personal may not be a good proxy for how much of provocation the european exercises are , but it does tell a story that challenges russia 's narrative , and it would be disingenuous to dismiss it as a chernobylesque misrepresentation of the facts . 
  `` covered up by local authorities '' - i have a hard time believing that the communist party of czechoslovakia would be covering up public opposition to the vietnam war . 
  even if it is a propaganda outlet , it does not mean the content is not factual . 
  how convenient they took place when ukraine 's military was in complete disarray . 
  propaganda in the sense that it provides information to people that is covered up by the local authorities . 
  i work with a dude from hungary , he 's convinced nothing short of a revolution will get rid of orban . 
  i know exactly what you are talking about . 
  i 'm suggesting you look up murat gasaev , sergei magnitsky , ruslan alikhadzhiyev , reshat ametov and others before you claim russia does not do the same or worse . 
  because the camps are all located within the rf ? 
  can confirm . 
  makes no sense . 
  at least when it 's too cold you can always put on a sweater . 
  of course the text has been preordained since the beginning . 
  this proves its divine authorship . 
  the kjv is the original text as god wrote it . 
  not necessarily true . 
  for example the phlogiston theory of combustion , or having an ether as a medium for the propagation of light waves have been completely discarded . 
  and even where the underlying theory is still good , learning more has shown old measurements wildly inaccurate , for example lord kelvin once estimated the age of the earth to be several thousand years based on thermodynamics , knowledge of radioactive decay not having been discovered . 
  is this the bridge to be named for akhmad kadyrov ? 
  does n't have to be akp/erdogan supporters . 
  there are plenty of turks who are educated , intelligent , detest erdogan , yet their brain derails the moment you bring up the armenian genocide . 
  iron maiden has their own 747 ? 
  so if i say `` all scotsmen need to be shot '' , am i guilty of ( b ) or ( c ) ? 
  russia improved because it was just coming out of what was probably its worst depression ever , and the price of oil was about to explode . 
  putin only came into power at the right time to reap the benefits . 
  agreed there are far worse options than putin , and he has done some good ( though too little to compensate for the harm ) . 
  i retract my comparison with isis . 
  however i feel about rhetoric saying one is `` protecting a thousand year old culture '' ( presumably against western decadence ) , it 's really hurtful and disingenuous to suggest it has anything in common with fanatics who carry out acts of mass murder and public executions . 
  huh ?
