  so doing a 180 on the eu association agreement just before he was to sign it and propose joining the eeu instead was to benefit ukraine ? 
  living the most lavish lifestyle - the guy even had a golden toilet - out of any ukrainian president while most of the country lived in poverty was helping the people , or his constitutional reforms stifling civil liberties of his people , all of those are caring about ukraine ? 
  what a joke !, 
  there is no need for political dialog , and constitutional reform in ukraine is complete irrelevant to the situation there . 
  the dnr and lnr are nothing but criminal occupations which would not have lasted a day without russia 's support , and without which they will soon collapse . 
  the dnr and lnr have done nothing but brought widespread death , destruction , and misery to the region , and that will continue as long as the occupation does . 
  ceasefire is n't sufficient . 
  russia needs to actively assist the reintegration of that region into ukraine , as well as help rebuild destroyed infrastructure . 
  so nothing comparable with the fbi 's uniform crime reports exists in russia ? 
  because the economy of russia was in a lot worse shape than that of western countries at the time ? 
  the wikipedia article has the disclaimer `` this article does not cite any sources '' atop . 
  who tabulates crime statistics in russia and how reliable are they considered ? 
  add to the fact that the russian economy had been growing for almost a year and a half before putin was even appointed . 
  without those air strikes , assad would be gone by now just as surely as gaddafi would still be in power without nato air strikes in libya . 
  you 'd think that eventually it might be more economical to just build a wall . 
  erdogan could order his security agencies to step aside and let the russians do their work , but i do n't see that as sitting well with his security , and in his position , he requires their unshakable loyalty . 
  something like this could well erode this loyalty . 
   and overall , state-ordered assassinations of non-political figures are n't that hard , are they ? 
  no they are not . 
  i suppose that political figures are n't that hard to assassinate either , but the fallout resulting renders it an unattractive option . 
  us drone strikes are carried out with the complicity of the local government because they would also like to see said figures eliminated , lack the means to do it ( not only the actual hardware used , but the questionable loyalty of those tasked with the operations ) , and can publicly condemn the us while privately thanking them to avoid domestic political repercussions . 
  as for the russian assassinations , the first does n't apply as the targets were no threat to the turkish government , and indeed turkey styles itself as an advocate for brotherly chechen people , the second is questionable , as turkey i assume has a much stronger , better run security apparatus than yemen or pakistan , and finally it would breach the rapprochement between russia and turkey . 
  maybe i 'm missing something - my knowledge is pretty limited - but it seems that either the assassinations were carried out without erdogan 's prior knowledge , or that he is blackmailed into acquiescing them . 
  no matter how cozy erdogan and putin may be right now , i can not imagine erdogan would be able to sleep well at night knowing the russians can ( and do ) carry out assassinations in his own country with brutal efficiency . 
  turkey is n't `` some african shit hole '' ; they are a developed state with their own security and police services . 
  whatever you think of us drone strikes , they are done with permission by the government of the countries they are carried out in . 
  there is no mention of ankara giving russia permission to carry out assassinations on turkish soil . 
  it looks like [ it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dotted_i_ ( cyrillic \\ ) ) , like the latin * i * , derives from the greek * iota * and has been with the cyrillic alphabet from the beginning , including the russian alphabet until the reform of 1917 . 
  presumably you would have bilingual road signs where applicable so you would n't need to read arabic script when driving in tatarstan . 
  standard script is n't sufficient , because a single cyrillic alphabet does n't exist - french and spanish alphabets have accents , cedillas , tildes that english lacks to use latin . 
  before the native american language act of 1990 , the us policy on indigenous languages was pretty clear : you will speak english , and only english . 
  now you can find school textbooks in the cherokee alphabet for example . 
  there 's still a lot more work to be done . 
  is anything done in the rf to restore scripts to their historical usage or align them with usage in the rest of the world outside russia ? 
   because it 's only the eastern european countries that look to russia as enemies . 
  you do n't think being occupied by russia for much of the 20th century has anything to do with that ? 
  and taking a look at those languages , it looks like most ( if not all ) , that used latin , arabic , mongolian , georgian , etc. 
  scripts originally now use cyrillic . 
  your point ? 
  in languages that use the latin alphabet you see a variety of modifications such as diacritics and extra letters like thorns and the ash and ess-tsett . 
  as long as they are written in cyrillic letters . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference between using a drug prescribed by a doctor for a legitimate medical reason and doping for the sake of improved athletic performance , you are an idiot . 
  darya klishina, 
  it 's part of the russian mindset : all athletes are doping , so the state is just helping keep the playing field level ( the fact that other countries have n't been implicated in state-sponsored doping programs only means that they are better at covering it up than russia is , and calling russia out is nothing more than russophobia ) . 
  another peculiarity of the russian mindset is that achievements only matter when accomplished by a russian , for example the periodic table is significant not because it increases our fundamental understanding of nature , but because of the fact it was discovered by a russian , so the only memorable gold medals won and world records set are the ones accomplished by russian athletes . 
  i should qualify this second statement by saying it is not absolute and occurs more or less in all nationalities , just noticeably more so for russia . 
  fine then , keep the child rapist in your own country . 
  that and the fact that us schools are funded through property tax , so students living in poor neighborhoods receive a substandard education . 
  now you 're being cheeky . 
  * all * famous quotes originated in usenet during the '90s . 
  the quote is attributed to benjamin franklin . 
  if he is indeed the original author , then i 'm sure there is some context that we are missing . 
  what are the pros and cons of making syria a turkish protectorate ? 
  if only that were true . 
  all the shit coming out of his mouth may sound stupid , but he knows exactly what he is doing , and that is truly scary . 
   no he 's not . 
  he 's acting in a way to stay in power as long as possible . 
  he 's also acting in a way to see to it that authoritarian regimes succeed while democracies fail . 
  you would have thought russia got enough real war experience in eastern ukraine . 
  maybe russian propaganda is a lot more effective than western , but people tend to get really fed up with wars after a couple years no matter how gung ho they were initially . 
  channel one has been giddy with trump 's election . 
  zhirinovsky said with clinton we would have another hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  russian community here in nyc seem pretty happy . 
  it has been picked up by several news media and verified by snopes.com . 
  why do you think he 's even slovenian ? 
  more likely an agent provocateur . 
  anyway , i 'm sure that the next first lady of the us will shortly put him in his place . 
   the exposure and knowledge of mainstream american culture ( tv shows , film and music mostly ) appeared as much higher there than in quebec wait until those floods of american refugees start to arrive . 
  would be nice if they still had a suit of armour somewhere in their collection . 
  and in that 240 years , the potus was never supposed to be selected by the popular vote , the writers of the constitution knowing full well that it is possible for things to go the way they did this month . 
  since this is a * europe * subreddit , here 's a an example : if there were elections for eu leaders , would you want a system that only respected the wishes of the big countries - germany , france , uk , etc. 
  or would you want representation for countries like estonia and malta as well ? 
  i 'd believe that in such a system the popular vote and the electoral vote would diverge more often than not . 
  ok then , it was broken 16 years ago for the same reason . 
  so it 's broken because you do not like the candidate it selected . 
  it was intended to let the states choose the president rather than the popular vote . 
  sounds like it is working exactly as intended . 
  how so ? 
  dozhd [ forced to move to private apartment ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30374615 ) . 
  moscow times subjected to numerous cyber attacks , forced sale to demyan kudryavtsev due to laws requiring russian-majority ownership of media . 
  novaya gazeta has had journalists assassinated , including anna politkovskaya . 
  navalny jailed several times on trumped-up charges echo of moscow chief warned [ threatened ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2008/09/22/echo-in-the-dark ), 
  right-leaning americans are totally ok with fox news , breitbart , etc. 
  doing the same , and dismiss everything as `` fake news '' or `` liberal propaganda '' . 
  i suppose something similar exists in russia , except that opposition media is largely absent , suppressed , cowed . 
  probably also russia has smarter scientists and engineers than america . 
   at about 1505g , maddox fired three rounds to warn off the communist boats . 
  this initial action was never reported by the johnson administration , which insisted that the vietnamese boats fired first . '', 
  you do n't even need to post there to be banned . 
  i got banned for a comment i made in / r/ukrainianconflict, 
  148 out of 180 according to rsf does not sound like `` rather free press . '', 
  there is certainly a flood of anti-iran and nk rhetoric from the right-wing media , and saber-rattling , but a war is extremely unlikely for several reasons : there is no 9/11-level event to galvanize the public , the majority ( at least 2/3rds ) of americans are deeply mistrustful of the current administration , we are quite preoccupied with our internal divisions currently . 
  saddam bragged he could incinerate half of israel ; chemical and biological agents were trotted out to drum up even more outrage against iraq , but lets be honest - we were led to believe that iraq that nuclear weapons ( not chemical , biological , or even nuclear `` dirty '' bombs ) were the imminent threat . 
  he did have a nuclear program , but that was [ wiped out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_opera ) in 1981 and the last remnants were obliterated in the 1991 gulf war . 
  not only that , but the nato intervention was the defining event that soured russians ' opinion of the west permanently . 
  me neither , but then i 'm old enough that we got afghan refugees in our school from the soviet invasion . 
  considering their complete detachment from reality , as well as the insane propaganda being produced and consumed , i think you make an excellent point . 
  [ not true ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/03/the-leader-of-the-free-world-meets-donald-trump-214924 ) . 
  a lot of us do these days . 
  he still has an approval rating close to 40 % , which is similar to bill clinton 's at the same point into his first term .
