  ( do n't have a direct link to levada since it is blocked in my office . ), 
  has the ksa gunned down mass protests or launched chemical attacks against civilians ? 
  what happened in andorra , liechtenstein , and luxembourg with their huge drops in press freedom ? 
   rt is not for westerners . 
  sure it is . 
  not only is it broadcast in english ( and a few other languages as well ) , but also most russians have never heard of it . 
  propaganda and truth are n't direct opposites . 
  in fact , a couple months ago , south korea was broadcasting weather reports and sports scores into north korea as propaganda , not because those were n't true , but it was information nk was unable to provide in a timely manner . 
  in the case of mh17 , the excerpts from rt may look ham-fisted to informed westerners , but the same disinformation shown on russia 's domestic news is actually quite clever and effective ( only 2 or 3 percent of russians actually believe that separatists and/or russian armed forces shot down the boeing ) . 
  vremya was showing cheering crowds in syria waving russian flags . 
  i suspect that the conflict in ukraine is now frozen , and the kremlin propaganda machine has its attention turned on syria now . 
  what is `` more subtle propaganda '' anyway ? 
  propaganda that is provides a much more accurate picture of what 's really going on around the world ? 
  propaganda that uses facts to get their message across rather than outright fabrications ? 
  propaganda that follows cause-and-effect relations in world events more than fitting it to some official narrative of a government with a long history of falsifications ? 
  please do tell !, 
  some of the ranting and raving is mildly amusing , the vast majority is unreadable gibberish . 
  i could n't make it halfway through the book . 
  i wo n't discourage you from attempting to wade your way through it , but there must be far better analyses of the person and his character available . 
   last referendum we had was in 2004 and it was when our constitution had to be changed to allow a single person unlimited presidential terms . 
  a litmus test for when a democracy becomes a dictatorship - when the constitution is amended to allow a sitting president an unlimited number of terms . 
  is there a way to find out what north koreans really think of him ? 
  i did n't claim it was - only that the effort was made for the reform . 
  euromaidan should have assumed that russia would intervene militarily should any effort be put into implementing democratic reform , including , but not limited to , forcing a russian stooge out of office . 
  you might want to ask ukraine and georgia what is the upside to not being in nato . 
  usa has kept a violent attitude against other countries and its economy is doing just fine . 
  it 's only speculation as to who is ahead in various military technologies . 
  plus the russians doubtlessly have much better penetration into classified us information than vice versa . 
  or they would claim it was a false flag operation carried out by the usa ( like the ghouta chemical attacks ) . 
   the appointment of georgia 's ex-president to appointment of governor of odessa region , ukraine 's south-western coastal region with many pro-russians and probably one of the most corrupt regions in europe . 
  also russian opposition politician maria gaidar as vice governor of the region . 
  critical of government of russia = / = `` anti-russia '' . 
  also , being printed in english does not mean very many russians actually read it . 
  edit - perhaps if they show a segment about it tonight on vremja , you would have a point . 
  i wo n't hold my breath . 
  $ 3000 for the return ticket . 
  belarusians really think that poland , ukraine , the west are going to invade ? 
   cold borscht is a nice summer soup you mean the pink soup , garnished with dill and hard boiled egg ? 
  it 's delicious !, 
  edit : also sliced pig ears - really quite tasty !, 
  they 're one of the groups we have been supporting . 
  a bunch of them in the ukrainian air force were shot down by rebels last summer . 
  i suppose nato 's calling them `` frogfeet '' is n't meant to be flattering , neither is the moniker `` warthog '' for a-10s . 
  yes . 
  in fact eliminating the fsa is their primary objective . 
  no , they just want a frozen conflict , and believe the militias in those two regions are made up of local residents rather than russian volunteers . 
  assad denied using the chemical weapons , russia said it was a false-flag attack . 
  the rest of the world implicates the syrian government forces . 
  russia blocked the un investigation from naming a perpetrator . 
  it can be both arrogance and lack of need . 
  some russians certainly consider it an affront to have to learn lithuanian or latvian . 
  no big deal , jeremy bentham , who died in 1832 , attended a board meeting at university college london in 2013 . , 
  i wish her the fate she surely deserves . 
  so do you think she deserves litvinenko 's fate , or nemtsov 's ? 
  that 's reassuring , though `` ukrainian who wants to ban the russian language '' sounds more like some mythical beast invented by russian media than an actual demographic . 
  wish you could say the same for ukrainians . 
  there is also the difference in that the us operations target muslim extremists in the middle east and central asia , while the russian operations try to manipulate public opinion everywhere . 
  sigh . 
  the old lie `` the cia trained al-qaeda '' simply wo n't die . 
  not much different from a country which builds its entire identity on the idea of opposing the west . 
  i really think the reaction of `` shocked dismay '' is a little misguided . 
  the fine article mentions these politicians living lavishly have `` only '' a few million dollars . 
  however in a nation of 45 million , $ 1 * billion * distributed amounts to $ 22 per citizen . 
  so even if you did strip the wealth of several hundred politicians and redistributed it , people would be just as poor in the end . 
  it seems korea 's rise occurred in the 90s , while japan and hong kong occurred in the 70s and 80s ( also taiwan somewhere thereabouts ) . 
  those are ( hk was ) market economies and democracies , and might be considered honorary members of the west , and are geopolitically aligned with it . 
  china is none of these and has a population 10 times the size of japan 's . 
   it 's like saying american english is more like old english than modern english spoken in britain today . 
  it 's pure crap . 
  more like ivory soap pure crap : 99.44 % . 
  there are a few survivals : `` fall '' was the more common term for autumn when the colonists arrived ; aubergines were still called `` eggplants '' , ax was still spelt without the final `` e '' , - ise ending had n't been invented yet , etc. 
  with most of ee in nato , it is a suicidal option . 
  however , if suppose ( unlikely , but possible ) donald trump becomes the next us president , and makes good on his promise to withdraw from nato and be best friends with putin , a `` velvet glove '' invasion of former soviet countries is a distinct possibility . 
  article 5 was applied to afghanistan , not iraq . 
  i was going to ask you to name a far-right opposition party or leader in russia funded by either the eu or the us , but then i see you also said russia did not invade ukraine , so i am unable to take anything you say seriously . 
  `` partner '' is used ironically by putin . 
  really odd partnership when russia funds far-right eurosceptic parties , cheered brexit , and predicts the imminent demise of the eu while constantly denigrating it on their national media . 
  usa does nothing either . 
  exxonmobil still has a strategic partnership with rosneft . 
  sukhoi depends on boeing for parts , while boeing buys russian titanium . 
  apple , google , etc. 
  do huge business in russia . 
  the us will do nothing to compromise those relationships . 
  hence the use of the relative . 
  press was a lot freer , economic liberalizations were taking place , relations with the west were warming . 
  he was no liberal by any absolute terms . 
  the time you did spend writing your big response could have been better spent providing citations in support of your argument . 
   we live in the day and age of the internet , of free movement and of free information . 
  anyone can go out and look for it or travel a bit outside of russian borders . 
  it does n't help if the well has been poisoned and russians are convinced that western media is anti-russian propaganda , which also feeds a vicious circle of a sort : the more egregious the act by the russian state , the more clamorous its rhetoric that russia is innocent and the west only wants to denigrate them . 
  compared with putin , he was liberal . 
  because there are no kurds fighting , and anyone who is not fighting for assad is al-qaeda or isis ? 
  i also have to call bullshit on the west rooting for al-qaeda . 
   and it is anti-western only because the standard of living in the western world is at much higher level so government has to tell people why do they live in such a bad conditions . 
  hitler accused france and jews . 
  they accuse usa and homos / it 's also anti-western because at the same time russia was opening up to the west , liberalizing , gaining freedoms , its economy was crashing and burning . 
  if russia had a leader who was willing to stay the course with pro-western liberalization while the economy was recovering and standards of living were rapidly improving , then things would look a lot different . 
  unfortunately this was not russia 's destiny , and instead they got another authoritarian leader determined to consolidate power , roll back liberalization , and blame the west for everything that went wrong . 
  that 's not a bad turnout . 
  the 2014 us midterm election ( which would roughly correspond to the russian legislative election ) had a mere 36 % voter turnout .
