  a particularly nice touch by the artist , i should add . 
  bummer !, 
  i would have loved to see [ rusev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_rusev ) represent team bulgaria . 
  the misuse or non-use of articles pretty well identifies the writer as someone whose native language lacks them . 
  ordinary disasters - aviation , ferry , earthquake , typhoon , etc. 
  - do n't normally whip people up into hysteria . 
  terrorist acts do ( and i 'll cynically add , particularly when the victims are white people ) . 
  the metrojet disaster was treated for all intents and purposes as an ordinary aviation disaster , and was n't declared an act of terrorism until after the paris attacks . 
  mh17 was deliberate murder , just that the actual victims were not those intended by the killers . 
  sort of like a guy whose wife is having an affair and he goes out and murders some other person he incorrectly thought was his wife 's lover . 
  absolutely nothing at all . 
  however , when saying `` i stand with france '' or `` i stand with russia '' there is an ambiguity - do you stand with the citizens or the government ? 
   mr putin said that russia 's air strikes in syria `` must not only be continued - they must be intensified so that the criminals understand that retribution is inevitable '' . 
  not only is this not a solution , it is the worst course of action . 
  why not throw petrol on the flames , this is what isis wants . 
  a lot of people were really pissed when scotland released al-megrahi on compassionate grounds almost 20 years after pan am 103 . 
  still seems pretty vague . 
  even if these countries are n't turning a blind eye towards this sort of thing , i do n't think it is possible to track down every private citizen/entity financing them . 
  for all we know , there could be entities within the rf also sending their monies to daesh . 
  does he name any of the countries anywhere ? 
  i really do n't know his point , if he 's only talking about private citizens financing isis , since that in no way implies state support . 
  sadly i feel this had a lot to do with the lack of the international outpouring of public sympathy . 
  if russia is going to downplay any terrorist links , ground all a321s , and urge against hasty speculation , the disaster will appear as simply as an accident rather than the calculated , cold-blooded murder of russian citizens that it was . 
  precisely - also damascus is mixed , but majority is sunni . 
  do they have the support of russia and the assad government ? 
  also czech , r.u.r. 
  - it would be hard to overstate the impact that had on sf . 
  was n't the luftwaffe pretty much broken after the battle of britain ? 
  so russia invades finland in 1939 under the same pretext they used to invade ukraine in 2014 ? 
  they 're both great novels , the prose is so clean and simple , it just carries you along . 
  the fall is a bit more subtle though , the stranger carrying a strong message delivered directly . 
  the plague is also great . 
  is kafka considered czech even though he wrote in german ? 
  to be honest , i 'd much rather see russia become a liberal democracy with rule of law , freedom of speech and press , drop all the insane propaganda , weed out corruption , and so on . 
  however , that would only happen in some fantasy world . 
  there was the [ mark 45 torpedo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_45_torpedo ) formerly used by the us navy to counter `` high-speed , deep-diving enemy submarines '' ( i have no idea why a tactical nuclear warhead was considered necessary for the purpose , but it was replaced with the mark 48 which has a conventional warhead ) . 
  the new russian design appears to be an underwater strategic nuclear weapon however - there 's an [ article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34797252 ) on bbc as well . 
  great - vlissingen , cape flissingsky , and flushing should be twinned !, 
  i had a very good friend from syria ( unfortunately now deceased ) who was sunni and secular . 
  the assad regime did terrible things to his family and friends , and talking about what russia was doing to his country would bring tears to his eyes . 
  please do not lump all syrians opposed to assad or russia together with the fanatics . 
  you obviously never watch western media , since they do report positively on russia . 
  i hardly ever watch tv , but several months ago on bbc there was a report on russians who search the forests for the remains of fallen ww2 soldiers and give them a proper burial . 
  that certainly is russia doing something good or peaceful , and i 'm sure it 's not the first nor last time that has happened . 
  putin did offer obama a way out out of his infamous `` red line '' statement regarding assad 's use of chemical weapons . 
  but you did not answer my question . 
  i 'll make it a little more explicit this time : how often does russia actually do something good internationally ? 
  how often does that happen ? 
  edit : instead of downvotes , how about some examples . 
   it is the athletes duty to report and they should pay the consequences if they do not and if the consequences they pay if they do are more severe than if they do not ? 
  they 're not proposing all russian athletes be banned , only their track and field athletes . 
  also , there is no way to know who is not guilty , since the evidence against individual athletes has been destroyed . 
  does not follow . 
  if america did the same thing , the apolitical and moral thing would be to call them on it and propose that that athletes should not be allowed to compete , just as they have done with russia . 
  giving america a pass when they knew they did wrong would , on the other hand , be totally political . 
  and i get a 404 not found when i try to view putina5.jpg now . 
   old believers there are a number of old believer communities scattered across the us and canada . 
  apparently there there is [ one ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/05/a-17th-century-russian-community-living-in-21st-century-alaska/275440/ ) in alaska that has preserved the 17th-century lifestyle . 
  sure it is : http://chevydetroit.com/get-your-h2o-fix-at-one-of-metro-detroits-beaches/, 
  so stopham is defunct ? 
  was it effective ? 
  there was a popular video of a girl on a motorcycle who find people throwing trash out of their car windows , pick it up , follow them , and when she caught up with them , throw it right back in . 
  i could think of a lot of places that need people like that !, 
  we 're taught the german way , but i use the snowman for the same reason . 
   a ) blame it on the incompetence of the airline/maintenance and probably destroy their airline industry in the process . 
  or metrojet will be swallowed up by aeroflot , just like transaero . 
  there are lots of things that americans are apathetic about , the price of petrol is n't one of them . 
  another factor is that a lot of indian reservations sell petrol cheaply , which there is n't much the government can do to raise taxes on . 
  not comparable . 
  russian-backed rebels were bragging all over social media about downing a ukrainian troop transport , lifenews and other russian media were reporting it with pictures that would be identified as mh17 . 
  a couple hours later , when it became apparent that it was a passenger plane that was shot down , all the references to shooting down a military plane were taken down , rebels began to deny everything . 
  pretty much a smoking gun for anyone who chose not to bury their head in the sand . 
  `` they attacked because they hate our freedom '' was just the official line of bs given by the government , and no one i know actually believed that . 
  people were saying all over ( you can probably look on old usenet archives on google groups and see ) that us foreign policy had a lot to do with it , in particular our support of israel . 
  if not that , then they are crazy muslim fanatics killing infidels . 
  russian government has a poor track record in giving truthful reasons to families why their loved ones died . 
  exactly , just like 9/11 . 
  people thought it was a result of us foreign policy , and most americans wanted to bomb the entire middle east into rubble , if not turn it into radioactive glass , anyway . 
  i do too , but abc ( the australian broadcaster , not the american one ) is pretty trustworthy . 
  i do n't know if they are the minority , but conservative/republic/right-wing / redneck types get pretty defensive while progressive/left-wing/urban types ( who would be more likely to be travelling abroad ) do n't have a problem . 
  unfortunately levada is blocked in my office . 
  here 's an [ article ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-poll-finds-russians-against-troops-to-syria/27277333.html ) that quotes the results before the intervention , and here 's [ one ] ( http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fadb06d2d7fd4b13a7253cf8d69a11dd/russians-support-airstrikes-syria-despite-afghan-legacy ) that quotes the results after . 
  correct . 
  russia officially denies involvement in the ukraine war , military deaths are a `` state secret '' , journalists are turned away from military cemeteries at gunpoint . 
  i 'm sure the kremlin will conceal the actual number of killed servicemen in syria . 
  i 'm confused . 
  first channel , russia-24 , lifenews are his media ? 
  syrian involvement was an unpopular idea before 30 september 2015 . 
  after the intervention began , it has become extremely popular . 
   are you talking about the eastern ghouta chemical attack ? 
  the same chemical attack that the un had an investigation on and was unable to find the culprit of that crime ? 
  you ca n't just say assad gassed a bunch of rebels and children when we still are n't really sure if it was rebels or the regime . 
  the un investigation was not allowed to assign blame per agreement with russia . 
  the findings were pretty damning for syrian government forces , and lavrov immediately protested that the results were distorted and one-sided , and insisted that it was the rebels who carried out the attacks . 
  exactly . 
  like bush 's `` mission accomplished '' in iraq all over again . 
  bummer !, 
  i would have loved to have seen it in person . 
  that poll was on 29 september , the day before the intervention began . 
  according to more recent [ polls ] ( http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2015/10/20/russians-support-airstrikes-in-syria-despite-afghan-legacy ) from levada , support is at 70 % with only 14 % opposing .
