  google translate utterly fails on his pieces . 
  i 'd love to be able to read his prose in some sort of semi-intelligible translation ( original russian being entirely out of the question ) . 
  so i presume he implies a large number of people living in eastern europe do n't have hearts ? 
  sort of like erecting a monument to president andrew jackson in [ calhoun , georgia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/calhoun,_georgia ) . 
  edit : there is no monument as far as i am aware of - just providing what would be a comparable action . 
  bombs and missiles do not stamp out resistance , rather they tend to have the opposite effect . 
  not to mention russian was ostensibly waging war to protect russian speakers . 
  it would be difficult for even russian state media to spin that into something positive . 
  economic forecasts are notoriously unreliable . 
  maybe it will be there in under 5 years , maybe not for 50 years . 
  i think you misread me completely . 
  the fine article mentions that putin considers isis to be `` the cia 's pet project designed to take down assad . '', 
   do you imply that any politician who is generally positive towards your country is deeply in your country 's pockets ? 
  no  russia reacted that way because he was still friendlier than new government and you do n't think that was a tad bit of an overreaction ? 
  also maidan was not a coup in any normal definition of the word . 
   but all of that does n't mean that he was a kremlin agent or bought by putin . 
  he was a ukrainian crook , stop shifting blame . 
  i think everyone can agree that yanukovych was a ukrainian crook . 
  i 'm not saying he was a russian stooge either , rather looking for a cause of russia 's reaction . 
  i have some ideas : russia views ukraine as a protectorate and has limited tolerance for independence ; russia needed ukraine for the eeu , putin is terrified of color revolutions . 
  i simply reject as an absurd piece of propaganda that maidan was a `` coup '' or that good relations with post-maidan ukraine were impossible ( that is until crimea and the war in donbass ) . 
  so if yanukovych was n't deep in russia 's pocket , why did russia react the way it did when he was ousted ? 
  so he 's saying use a dirty bomb to contaminate oil isis ( a cia pet-project ? ), 
  hopes to sell to turkey . 
  no idea , just throwing out the idea that russia might not be in a position to escalate . 
  and even if ukraine were able to take back the occupied areas with only a symbolic response from the rufed , they are n't really in a position to rebuild . 
  / u/psilokinesis is a troll with a 4-day old account . 
  please ignore it . 
   this would mean further escalation from russia e.g. 
  they would start sending in more russian troops and russian tanks with more russian artillery support etc. 
  they might , or they might not . 
  russia 's economy is in the shitter , and people are feeling it . 
  russian media is focused on syria and isis - putin hardly spoke at all about ukraine in his address a couple days ago . 
  after 2 years of non-stop anti-ukraine hysteria , it would be harder for the kremlin to sell a large-scale escalation to the populace , who are tired of the situation there . 
  sad , but hardly surprising . 
  `` democracy '' and `` freedom '' have become dirty words in russia . 
  also the readers of the echo of moscow . 
  normally they are rather liberal there and critical of the government , but every time a discussion of syrian rebels , all the comments point to `` moderates '' being called so only because they use a smaller knife to behead you , or things like that . 
  even a few cartoons showing such . 
  maybe i 'm terribly naive . 
  but i really think someone like zhirinovsky or zyuganov will not succeed putin , rather a moderate who seeks rapprochement with the west . 
  holy butthurt , batman , look at the downvotes !, 
  and how is 1993 relevant/comparable to 2012 ? 
  in 1993 there was a constitutional crisis , yeltsin had the government building shelled by tanks for christ 's sake . 
  2012 was simply putin not wanting to have only 8 years before he had to play prime minister . 
   i do n't consider the extention of a presidential term to 6 years to be a weakness . 
  there is n't anything magical about 4 years . 
  and that would be fine if the constitution originally stipulated a 6 year term . 
  amending it from 4 years to 6 years is granting the president a lot more power than he was originally intended to have . 
   you still need to be actually elected [ to stay in power indefinitely ] and when a single party or individual has consolidated enough power , elections become largely irrelevant and easily manipulated . 
   the entire constitution was written during yeltsin 's term , with him being the first president of russian federation and all . 
  so it is flawed by design ? 
   using consitutional way to introduce amendments to the constitution is hardly `` not caring about the constitution '' . 
  i disagree . 
  a constitution is a document that protects rights and freedoms of the people . 
  amendments are introduced to cover oversights or inadequacies in the original document . 
  amendments that weaken the constitution , and do not benefit the people , are shitting on the constitution , whether legal or not . 
  if a president of a country gets an amendment giving him the right to rule by decree and stay in power indefinitely , it is certainly `` not caring about the constitution '' even if introduced constitutionally . 
  was n't the limit to consecutive terms rather then total number a loophole introduced by yeltsin ? 
  also , how about extending the term from 4 years to 6 ? 
   i think that 's why many russians think it 's preposterous to be forced to learn a foreign ( to them ) language . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say it 's because russians were used to having everyone know russian where ever they went ( particularly in the baltics ) and consider the local languages `` inferior '' or anti-russian . 
  i say this because there are a lot of idiots in my own country with the same attitude about english, 
  there are still a lot of believers in the soviet union . 
  the large majority of russians genuinely love putin and are not making believe in public , hence the cult of personality . 
  russia has lots of boogeymen to pull up : nato , turkey , ukraine , the usa , syrian rebels , and so on . 
  if anything , russian media has refined their techniques . 
  unless the economy of russia collapses to 90s level or below , i do n't see any major shift in public sentiment . 
  more mainstream russian reporting : http://www.1tv.ru/sprojects_edition/si5962/fi42029 referring it to it as an `` energy blockade '' and `` terrorism '' and threats to take the issue up with the echr . 
  are there any figures on how much a financial drain crimea is on the rf ? 
  i do n't agree that every ruble spent on crimea is a ruble not spent on warmaking . 
  rather a ruble not spent on social welfare or infrastructure . 
  curious double standard . 
  how many times in the past couple of years has russia dismissed things , saying `` where are the proofs ? '', 
  `` propaganda of national hatred '' in russian media . 
  unfortunately there is very real persecution against people - who had nothing to do with the warplane downing at all - simply because of their nationality . 
  sorry i think you 're overly optimistic . 
  1 . anecdotal evidence is anecdotal evidence . 
  i 'll believe it when i see large protests against the russian occupation . 
  2 . never underestimate the effectiveness of russian propaganda 3 . they pull it off with us help , of course 4 . that seems how russia has always rolled . 
  the local authorities and the federal government will either find a third party to blame , or some of the locals will be replaced 5 . we 'll see how this plays out . 
  i have no idea how this will play out . 
  incidentally a lot of `` russian '' products i see in the us are actually made in places like poland , slovakia , and ukraine . 
  how do montenegrins feel about becoming a nato member ? 
  citation ? 
  edit : thanks , u/dngrs !, 
  yes i am well aware of that . 
  but russia only downplayed the terrorist link with metrojet tragedy for the first two weeks , until after the paris terror attacks . 
  after which they stepped up their bombing and rhetoric on syria dramatically . 
  in other words , putin is using the metrojet tragedy as a pretext for furthering his geopolitical goals in the middle east . 
  not very much different than the us attacking iraq after 9/11 . 
  where did i imply that russia should bomb egypt ? 
  i only said that russia and egypt should work together to rout out terrorists in the sinai peninsula . 
  from the fine article : `` and similar jihadi groups in syria '' -- so they are not ok with them . 
  hopefully , russia will stop drinking the `` everyone who fights assad is a terrorist '' koolaid . 
  one would think , but it was the sinai branch of daesh that did it , so why is n't he working with egypt on this in the peninsula . 
   they are banning hiring turkish people . 
  so discrimination based on ethnicity . 
  there was the [ one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a6/proposed_flag_of_iraq_%28coalition_provisional_authority%2c_2004%29.svg ) proposed by the coalition provisional authority in 2004 and promptly rejected ( i believe the blue and white with two horizontal bands was too reminiscent of the flag of israel being a major factor ) . 
  they 're called `` moobs '' , which putin does posess in real life .
