  there is more than enough evidence to prove state sponsorship to anyone who is n't a complete zombie and has at least two brain cells to rub together . 
  there seems to be a bit of animosity between argentina and other latin american countries . 
  the explanation i 've heard is that argentinians consider themselves `` european '' rather than latino . 
  having a song about world peace while fighting a war against ukraine seemed tacky to me , so the eurovision booing was not uncalled for . 
  booing performers or athletes just because of their nationality is also tacky behavior . 
   gollum and dobby , sitting in a tree - k-i-s-s-i-n-g !, 
  so if in some parallel universe , putin decided that annexing crimea was a mistake , and proposed handing it back to ukraine forthright , his loyal supporters would also praise his wisdom ? 
  because balco was n't a state-sponsored operation . 
  why is that so difficult to understand ? 
  so now you 're playing a lawyer on reddit ? 
  witness testimony is only admissible when it supports your prejudices . 
  the balco scandal is in no way equivalent to a program of state run doping . 
  balco was a private company , investigated by the federal government and the usada . 
  it was a huge scandal and media storm , balco 's president served a prison sentence ( entirely too lenient however ) , athletes were banned and had medals stripped , more rigorous laws and test procedures were put in place . 
  contrast this with what happened with russia . 
  here the government and rusada were not only not investigating doping , but acting in collusion with dopers , and helping them evade detection . 
  this is the really important distinction . 
  this is team russia cheating , not individual athletes or teams . 
  there are only two ways to realistically penalize a franchise : either an outright ban on all athletes , or allow clean athletes to compete only under the olympic flag . 
  so if the entire us olympic team were banned because of balco , i probably would cry foul . 
  if the us government were actively involved in doping , with help from the usada , the fbi , the usoc , and all other relevant authorities , i would be quite disgusted my county 's action , and fully support a ban . 
  the olympic committee of kosovo has been around for more than 20 years before being recognized by the ioc , and kosovo is recognized by 109 un members currently . 
  maybe abkhazia will be in the olympics in the 2030s , but their position is a lot weaker than that of kosovo . 
  there is zero chance of dnr having their own olympic team , and only someone who is batshit insane would even seriously consider their entry . 
  here 's the [ link ] ( https://wada-main-prod.s3.amazonaws.com/resources/files/20160718_ip_report_newfinal.pdf ) to the report . 
  i 'm pretty sure those who put together the report know better what will hold up in court than some armchair general on reddit . 
  they have the same rights as everywhere . 
  they are competing as representatives of their country . 
  if their the government of their country has been found guilty of malfeasance , the organizers have the right to take disciplinary action such as banning teams or disallowing their national flag . 
  russia is not unique , the first , nor will it be the last that this happens to . 
  the wada held an independent investigation and concluded that russia was involved in a state sponsored cover up of doping . 
  i agree that china should be under strong suspicion , though it seems like everything uncovered with russia has been in vain , given that the majority are getting to participate under their national flag in spite of all this . 
  other teams are persecuted , for example bulgaria and kuwait . 
  it 's just that when russia gets caught doing something wrong , their reaction is to deny and claim an anti-russia conspiracy . 
  i doubt putin gives a shit about the russian paralympic team , in fact he probably welcomed the ban , since it `` proves '' that they are just the latest victims of the us-lead anti-russian conspiracy . 
  and that you mention weightlifting , entire teams can and do get banned , for example bulgaria . 
  where have you been the past year ? 
  the russian ministry of sport and the fsb were implicated in a state-sponsored doping scheme . 
  countries that engage in this sort of activity generally either have their teams outright banned ( e.g. 
  bulgarian weightlifters ) or are required to participate only under the olympic banner ( e.g. 
  no , a fact is something that can be independently verified , and not subject to interpretation , such as the primary suspect in litvinenko 's murder is a sitting member of russian parliament . 
  a conspiracy theory can not be verified and relies on an outlandish explanation , such as the fbi having some secret mind control technology which can cause people to hang themselves . 
  snopes is anything but a `` bullshit '' site , they provide their sources and reasoning . 
  they provide corrections and updates as more information becomes available , and they have built a reputation of supplying reliable fact-based conclusions ( certainly more than some random guy on reddit ) . 
  what is your pet conspiracy theory in the murder of seth conrad rich , since several are out there ? 
  during wartime , spies may be executed , but there is no war , or even a cold war . 
  his only `` crime '' was exposing things putin would rather keep under covers . 
  i suppose you 're fine with british citizens being assassinated in the middle of your capital city by a foreign power . 
  swartz was victim of an overzealous prosecution and harassment , but saying he was somehow assassinated is going over into conspiracy theory . 
  the seth conrad rich is debunked on [ snopes ] ( http://www.snopes.com/seth-conrad-rich/ ) . 
  what us whistleblowers met the same fate as litvenenko , magnitsky , nemtsov , etc. 
  isinbayeva should shut up and be thankful she is even allowed to compete under her flag along with the majority of her compatriots . 
  other teams have been banned , kuwait is n't allowed to compete under their flag . 
  given the enormity of what russia pulled off , if whinging were an olympic sport , she should get a gold medal . 
  i thought bigprofessor was talking about primary and secondary education . 
  teachers ' salaries are scandalously low in russia , and medvedev 's response was that they should get a new career . 
  too late . 
  the plot has already been put into action and failed , thwarted by the ioc not giving in to pressure by the usa to punish and humiliate russia . 
  but why america ? 
  canada and a lot of european countries have even better education . 
  all your quotes prove is that she was a corrupt player in a corrupt game . 
  however in civilized criminal justice systems , informants can get more lenient sentences . 
  it seems the stepanovs informed and are now the persecuted ones , while the others involved get off scot-free . 
  of course . 
  exposing fraud in russia is a criminal offense , punishable by being beaten and tortured to death while in prison . 
  stepanova is still banned , so something shady must have transpired . 
  given their relative track records , i 'll take the figures quoted by greenpeace over the kremlin any day of the week . 
  i 've already said that greenpeace is overzealous ( which does not make them liars any more than being an ngo ) , but given the pervasiveness and extent of cover-ups and fabrications in russia and the soviet union , i honestly can not take a single statement by them without independent corroboration . 
  they got their data from http://www.cdu.ru/ . 
  i 'm not going to try and look up the figures there , especially since i ca n't read russian . 
  if you have reason to believe the central dispatching department gave one figure and greenpeace another , go ahead and look it up . 
  i think it is a good thing . 
  the two major parties suck , and campaigns are so negative because they know people are voting against one of the parties/candidates rather than for one . 
  so what have they egregiously misrepresented in the article . 
  the russian environmental minister says 1.5 million tonnes of oil are spilled in russia each year and that 60 % of the pipeline infrastructure is deteriorated . 
  greenpeace confirms this , adding many of the pipes are left over from soviet times and have recorded 11,709 breaks in 2014 , neither of which are unreasonable claims . 
  you think the number of breaks is fabricated ? 
  if only you could see the irony in your response !, 
   green peace is genuinely batshit crazy though . 
  they may be overzealous , and wrong on nuclear energy and gmos , but they have done a great deal of good nonetheless . 
  you gave three reasons why the correct response to russia 's doping scandal is to say how many cheaters america has . 
  did you forget about them when you removed that context from my reply ? 
  snowden broke us laws ( though as a whistle blower he should be pardoned ) , he is not wanted for `` criticizing america '' , which you can find numerous examples of , by us citizens , who have said everything snowden has and much , much worse . 
  assange is paranoid , perhaps justifiably , but he is wanted in sweden for sexual assault , and would rather hide out in the ecuadoran embassy than answer for the charges . 
  who was n't so lucky ? 
  alexander litvenenko was murdered right in the middle of london for criticizing putin . 
   first : even 5 years olds know that people who are behind these investigations give zero fucks about clean sports . 
  at least in eastern europe everyone is sure that it 's pure politics . 
  perhaps in the soviet union and former eastern bloc countries that was normal . 
  but it certainly does n't mean it was true elsewhere . 
   second : in eastern europe it 's always usa vs russia , so whenever you are trashing one side , most of people automatically think that you are making point in support of the other . 
  for them it seems perfectly logical to neutralize your point by stating that something equally bad happens to the other side too . 
  hopefully some of our ee redditors will comment further . 
  though i suspect most of them in eu countries will not see it that way , and go further in saying that the thinking that everything the us does is to beat down russia betrays a lot of underlying butthurt . 
   third : serial killer has no rights to call someone else murderer . 
  if serial killer calls you murderer , i do n't think it 's whataboutism to tell him to go fuck himself and mind his own murders . 
  now if someone who is ok with american history of supporting dictators in me , asia and latin america calls russia `` supporter of dictators '' , it 's not whataboutism to ask why he supports america doing the same , it 's calling out hypocrisy . 
  you 've illustrated the * tu quoque * fallacy , or appeal to hypocrisy . 
  a serial killer absolutely has the right to call someone else a murderer , and being a murderer himself in no way invalidates his claim . 
  if the usoc were pushing peds on us athletes , the fbi and usada helping them to evade detection or falsify results than she would have a point that america is doing the same .
