  does n't sound like someone who takes his marching orders from the kremlin . 
   you 'd think he 'd have learned after libya . 
  you 'd think after operation iraqi `` freedom '' we 'd be wise to what happens when you depose a government ( regardless how tyrannical it was to begin with ) , exacerbated by a complete lack of planning for the complete breakdown of civil society which inevitably follows . 
  but we should have seen the consequences of leaving afghanistan to fester as soon as the soviets withdrew . 
  i swear the us acts like a kid who had his hand burnt on the stove going back and grabbing the burners as soon as the bandages came off from the previous time . 
  they 're buried in military cemeteries that reporters are n't allowed near , as ones from bbc and novaya gazeta have found out . 
  probably lack of interest , for example all the early european explorers of the americas was studied in excruciating detail . 
  none of it really seems relevant , the way it was presented was very dry - lots of names , dates , figures , mostly read aloud by students , little on how it fits into the big picture . 
  also , once you 're done with school , you never again hear or read about most of it , unless you are a bit of a history buff . 
  maybe things have changed - i 'll know soon enough when my kids are farther along in school . 
   i hope that 's sarcastic ... 
  i ca n't imagine someone from the us being that uneducated about the rest of the world . 
  the assassination of archduke franz ferdinand and start of ww1 is covered in detail in school , but probably 99 % of what is taught in our history classes is forgotten by the time of graduation . 
  tesla and djokovich are household names , so i 'd assume nearly all americans know serbia is somewhere in eastern europe , probably even that it is part of the former yugoslavia ( the yugo was a popular car in the 1980s ) , and are aware of the slobodan milosevic , ethnic cleansing and nato bombing that took place the 1990s . 
  but aside from some programs on the travel channel and food network featuring serbia , it is pretty much below the radar of the american public . 
  propaganda purposes . 
  germans inflated the numbers in the ww2 dresden bombing by an order of magnitude , so this has been around for a while . 
  it serves to ratchet up outrage , as well as make those quoting the lower figures look like they 're trivializing or downplaying the the extent of death and destruction . 
  i 've always referred to them as kfr . 
  supposedly they were excellent before harland sanders sold the business , but now `` shit fried chicken '' sounds like something the colonel would have said himself if he were to try it today . 
  incidentally , kfc has a large presence in china , where their menu is altered to local tastes , but it 's really good . 
  case in point , there was a huge protest in chechnya with 100s of thousands of participants over the charlie hebdo , which dwarfed protests in other muslim countries , and could hardly have been spontaneous demonstrations . 
  that 's one theory . 
  mine is that he is russia 's trump - he says all the things people really think but public officials do n't want to say so as to look respectable . 
  if putin were to step down and hold an election , this guy would be the front runner . 
  one theory i saw was that mh17 was supposed to be a russian jet which would provide a pretext for full-scale invasion , only the buk crew got the wrong airplane . 
  of course this is highly unlikely to be the case for a number of reasons . 
   at some point putin will quietly release her because her detention is embarrassment to him . 
  doubtful . 
  putin most probably does not give a shit . 
  most russians think she is a nazi and a murderer and want her to rot in jail , and letting her out early would make it look like russia was giving into western demands and letting her off easy . 
  the only way she gets out early is if she is used as some kind of bargaining chip or russia turns into a civilized country in the next 22 years . 
  she said a couple weeks ago she would not appeal if found guilty . 
  i do n't know if anyone can appeal on her behalf . 
  i doubt they would be in prison , they might become embittered and start to talk . 
  more likely they were on the front lines of some rebel offensive and shot from behind . 
  i suppose it is better than giving actual bullets in the heads of convicted conspirators during the moscow trials . 
  i would think a suspended sentence would be a way to say `` she 's guilty , but we 'll let her go '' . 
  but the fact that they have n't gone for that really gives me a chill . 
  the whole russian judicial system is a terrifying mockery of rule of law . 
  will any god punish a judge for handing a woman 22 years in prison , despite being perfectly aware of her innocence ? 
  it looks like there is a range of opinions there . 
  i looked at the comments the in a selection of russian sites , and the same there - some expressing the opinion that the trial was a sham , but many others saying she 's a killer who 's getting what she deserved , or pointing out that in the us she would have gotten the death sentence ( as dzhokhar tsarnaev ) , would be in a secret prison where the public would never even know of her existence , or comparing it with the trial of viktor bout . 
  with all hype that she 's a diplomatic nightmare for russia , i was really expecting that russia would save face and give her a suspended sentence . 
  i should have known better . 
  it still tastes good and is ubiquitous . 
  just because there 's much better chocolate out there , it does not hershey 's is `` shit '' . 
  because at the end of the day , a hershey bar is still a chocolate bar and most people enjoy eating a bar of chocolate , but paying twice the price for a better bar is n't worth the upgrade . 
  just igor girkin and his merry band of volunteers . 
  also from upstate ny is tops ( which is/was owned by the dutch company ahold ) . 
  and down in nova - even worse still food lion which is owned by the belgian delhaize . 
  i do n't know how delhaize compares with other european supermarkets , but they are excellent compared with americans ones , while food lion is horrid even by american standards . 
  so russia special ops seizing all the government buildings and declaring the dnr and lnr `` independent republics '' , while providing massive military aid to said republics , to the point they were able to obliterate the ukrainian armed forces has nothing to do with being in `` instigator '' ? 
  strange logic you 're applying here !, 
  his point is `` civil war '' does n't apply when a foreign power is the chief instigator and provides the bulk of the fighting force . 
   if i see a lesbian couple , that 's two less persons i could make babies with ( polygamy aside ) . 
  not necessarily . 
  they might decide to have a child and require your sperm to make that happen . 
  ok , i never lived in the ussr , but what was so great about soviet healthcare ? 
  from wikipedia :  overall , the quality of soviet medical care was low by developed world standards . 
  many medical treatments and diagnoses were unsophisticated and substandard ( with doctors often making diagnoses by interviewing patients without conducting any medical tests ) , the standard of care provided by healthcare providers was poor , and there was a high risk of infection from surgery . 
  the soviet healthcare system was plagued by shortages of medical equipment , drugs , and diagnostic chemicals , and lacked many medications and medical technologies available in the western world . 
  its facilities had low technical standards , and medical personnel underwent mediocre training and had no financial incentives to improve performance . 
  soviet hospitals also offered poor hotel amenities such as food and linen . 
  special hospitals and clinics existed for the nomenklatura which offered a higher standard of care , but which was still often below western standards . 
   free high quality health care how so ? 
  health care in russia is horrible , most post-communist countries it has still not reached the level of the rest of europe ( which also has free health care ) . 
  unless we have some sort of breakdown detailing where and how these rebels were captured , along with their military occupation , and anything else relevant , it is impossible to give a reliable estimate of the numbers of locals and militia vs af of the rf . 
  presumably infantry will be primarily composed of locals while russia supplies specialists and takes precautions to minimize the chances of capture in a war , a war which of course they are totally not involved in . 
   it 'd be like me trying to rob a bank then blaming the safe that i could n't hack it . 
  more like trying to fight off a rapist and getting beaten within an inch of your life and getting raped instead of just taking it laying down . 
   syria was undeniably better off prior to the ` arab spring . ', 
  which has nothing to do with the arab spring itself , rather other forces who were committed to seeing the movement destroyed . 
  in other words we should have helped a mass murderer put down a protest movement with bullets and bombs . 
  moreover the protesters had legitimate and very real concerns with the assad regime , and looked up to us for support ( which never came other than a few tokens ) . 
  add to that , the regime works against us interests and is hostile to us allies in the region . 
   basque restaurant in nyc txikito ? 
   ... was by far the best dish i 've tasted while i was over there . 
  i shudder to think what you consider the worst dish !, 
  london has nyc beat - our rats only grow to [ 3 feet long ] ( http://gothamist.com/2012/01/06/giant_rat.php ) . 
  to crappy roads in volgograd i raise crappy roads in new york city : [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4subcdo58sa ) , [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqtks531eoo ) , [ 3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyn1fctqshy ) , and [ 4 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ilsk_m6sy8 ) . 
  23 march is hungarian-polish friendship day !, 
   i think they do n't really know what to do with her . 
  especially considering how much effort the state media has expended in portraying her as a cold-blooded killer , letting her go at this point will make them look bad - something they can not afford to let happen . 
  there was a time in the '90s when tuvan throat singing had a respectable run of popularity ( at least in the us ) . 
  is this how they explain it in putin 's revised history textbooks ? 
  apparently st. sava was originally an episcopalian church built in the mid 19th century , and was offered to the serbian community in 1942 for $ 30,000 , since at the time the serbian people had no church in the east coast of america and the episcopal bishop of nyc had close connections with nikolaj velimirovi\u0107 . 
  edit : also ( per wikipedia ) nikola tesla 's had two funeral services , first held at st. john the divine , presided by above mentioned bishop , and a second on the next day at st. sava . 
  but they told me that was the fridtjof nansen the time i was at haakonsvern . 
  actually it started with [ nixon ] ( http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=3048 ) . 
  per the fine article :  liberal opposition politicians say the figures are unfairly boosted by the fact that state tv , where most russians get their news , affords putin blanket and favourable coverage while largely ignoring them . 
  the point of the article is that 40 % of russians were prepared to vote for putin in 2012 because he is their man . 
  now that figure is 70 % . 
  opposition does n't matter here because he made sure there is no one viable , even if there were a completely legitimate , capable , charismatic opposition figure running , they would still lose in a landslide simply for not being putin . 
   if putin has an aneurysm tomorrow , no one knows what would happen with russia . 
  would n't this be a reason for russians to * not * want him to serve another term ? 
  china certainly has backed revolutionary movements in africa - zapu in rhodesia/zimbabwe springs to mind , but i 'm sure there are lots of other examples . 
  did n't lenta 's former staff regroup in riga to form meduza.io ? 
  i used to use them regularly going between new york and vilnius , as they were both affordable and very good service , but the last few years their prices have gone up a lot . 
  holding hands for two adults of the same sex ; wearing an accessory adorned with the rainbow flag ; talking with a stereotypical lisp .
