shucks , i was hoping you would come to say that the silent majority of russians really do believe in liberal democracy . 
  can putin really be credited with the russian economic situation ? 
  the economy hit its nadir in 1998 and was already on an upward trajectory when putin took over , and has benefited from the rising price of oil . 
  it seems to me that he simply got lucky . 
  i know / u/zurfer75 will probably point out that anecdotal evidence is worthless , but my personal experience is that russians think russians are an unruly lot for whom democracy will never work and need a strong hand to lead them . 
  what 's really disturbing in the poll is the jump to in percentage of russians who think the soviet-era repressions were justified . 
  so by that line of reasoning , and article covering the recent discovery of homo naledi in south africa should let creationists have their say in reporting ? 
  zero hedge is known for peddling conspiracy theories . 
  never heard of washington 's blog , but does not look legit : for example browsing the articles , i see one suggesting the body of mh17 's pilot has been hidden , because it was riddled with bullets from a ukrainian military jet . 
  i 'm skeptical of media in general , but these sources go out into tinfoil hat territory . 
  because journalistic standards and independence from direct government intervention . 
  bbc has those , rt does not . 
  could you please provide citations for how the west `` funded and armed isis '' and explain how we created the civil war ( did assad not massacre his own people ? ), 
  the fact that saddam was the only world leader to publicly congratulate the perpetrators did n't help much either . 
   when assad started murdering his own citizens , who just protested for democratic reform we had the opportunity to take a principled stance in support of the syrian people and pressure assad to step down , establish no-fly-zones over the major syrian cities and if necessary conduct strategic air strikes against syrian army positions to stop the slaughter assad was overseeing . 
  but we did nothing . 
  after libya , there is no way in hell putin would have allowed that to happen . 
   he looks like dobby the house elf sort of like [ this ] ( http://www.061.ua/news/935681 ) ? 
  so are they ready to admit that assad 's forces carried out the sarin attack at ghouta ? 
  `` once a doctor prescribed anaferon to me . 
  i went to the head of the hospital and showed her a wikipedia article about it , as well as the notes that come with it . '', 
  i suppose the proposed alternative wikipedia will include a more favorable article . 
  according to this http://metro.co.uk/2015/02/28/want-to-know-which-country-has-the-biggest-penises-in-the-world-5083922/, 
  lithuania is n't very far ahead of russia - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita . 
  also driving through the baltics , it seems a bit less developed than latvia and estonia . 
  they have excellent beers , and really potent meads , as well as other strong , but tasty drinks - 999 , alita , and others , and of course vodka . 
  the country seems like an alcoholics paradise . 
  still does n't change my point . 
  if a us presidential election were held , but only texas district 13 voted , the republican candidate would win in a similar landslide , but nobody would mistake that for a fair election . 
  assad received 88.7 % of the vote in the 2014 `` election '' - which probably is the percent of syrians who want him gone . 
  iirc , the libyans who have posted on reddit have been unequivocal that libya is in a far better position now than syria is , and if not for the no-fly zone , it would be just as bad as syria is now . 
  not european , but in the 1970s dannon ran an ad campaign for their yogurt `` in soviet georgia '' where people regularly live past 100 by eating yogurt which left a lasting impression on their american audiences . 
  there was that [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2kf_og8ynk ) of the girls singing that went viral about a year ago . 
  now you have me confused . 
  you said that there were no russian , belarusian or ukrainian troops there that night , which i assume was meant ironically . 
  so did or did not soviet troops murder the 13 lithuanian citizens ? 
  does not the russian federation deny this happened ? 
  as for the russian-lithuanians , i can only speak from anecdotal evidence , so i will leave it at that . 
  what do they think happened then ? 
  i know they deny that soviet troops killed anyone , and really dislike the memorial at the tv tower . 
  how do you convince russian lithuanians - who believe what you wrote is exactly what happened - of what really happened ? 
  i did n't realize the story was available in other languages . 
  the stories on the front page of delfi are very different the different languages , and clicking the flag icons only takes you to different front pages . 
  i read the russian version ( in translation ) because that 's what my in-laws read . 
  anyway , it is really amusing to notice the comment section in the russian version vs lithuanian/english/polish versions . 
  if that is n't overrun with pro-kremlin trolls , than i do n't know what is !, 
  not surprising - russian lithuanians i know have complete contempt for democracy - but are pro-kremlin people really the majority ? 
  would the franz liszt academy of music count ? 
  and another 6 years after that , since he 's still eligible for reelection . 
  we have to wait until 2024 to see what 's going to happen . 
  we had [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_american_bund ) to promote nazism in america , but they were disbanded rather early on in the war , and adherents were seen as traitors , and there was a lot of suspicion towards german-americans . 
  my german-born uncle fought in the war , but was not allowed to participate in any combat roles , so he served as a cook in the navy . 
  u/wadcann has pretty well answered your questions from the american perspective . 
  may not be real cheese , but makes for a tasty grilled sandwich . 
  now , i 'm getting hungry , 
  like [ these ] ( http://tass.ru/en/russia/750886 ) ? 
  saying the stuff is everywhere is a bit of a stretch , to say the least . 
  if you 're so concerned about the residents of these ghettos who are oppressed by police brutality , you could always offer to take them in your own country as refugees . 
  i 've seen people feeding them in the forests of the curonian spit in lithuania . 
  i was looking for an article on bbc i saw a year ago , where a they sent a crew to investigate on a graveyard filling up with fresh graves and were turned away by some surly characters with aks and an unmarked car . 
  i found [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28949582 ) - apparently russian journalists get the same treatment as the bbc ones or worse . 
  i 've seen it here , but am unable to tell if it is from paid trolls or just patriotic russians . 
  interesting the trends in charges of abuse of power of the president : 11 % believed the putin never abused power in 2012 and 22 % in 2015 , while 16 % believed he was guilty of the abuses he accused his opponents in 2012 and only 7 % in 2015 . 
  this is a pretty worrying trend . 
  i do n't see heavy evidence of paid trolling on reddit . 
  just look at the comment sections of news sites and compare with reddit . 
  the west did no such thing . 
  these `` major economical allies '' were occupied nations , and voluntarily came to the west when russia was not able to maintain said occupation . 
  there are not nukes `` all over its borders '' either . 
  the difference is that seleznev was a wanted criminal , kohver was not . 
  i was amazed how mellifluous spoken norwegian is when visiting . 
  definitely agree about lithuania being an underrated beer country . 
  the uk ? 
  great beer , but in any beer distributor ( in the us ) there is always a huge variety of british beers , even more than the local craft beers and american ipas . 
  i 've never seen svyturys in the states . 
  two curiosities - there seems to be a little bit of an upswing towards putin and russia in 2015 , and china and russia seem to be growing close . 
  they should recognize that the wealth of the country has a lot more to do with the price of oil than anything yeltsin or putin has done . 
  according to the latest levada poll this month , only [ 5 % ] ( http://www.levada.ru/27-07-2015/rassledovanie-katastrofy-boinga ) of russians believe that either rebels or russia are responsible for bringing mh17 down . 
  indeed he did . 
  not at all . 
  when the old lady turns 40 , you trade her in for a pair of 20s . 
   ~ ~ some ~ ~ [ most ] most russians still believe they are n't at war with ukraine . 
  ftfy, 
  that i disagree . 
  afghanistan is remote and mountainous , ukraine is level and borders the more populous and industrial part of russia . 
  afghanistan had superpower support , in addition to arabs and pakistan ( which is a large and influential neighbor ) , ukraine has only symbolic support from outside . 
  russian intelligence has ukraine completely penetrated with sympathizers and spies everywhere . 
  nothing happens with ukrainian military , civics , politics without russia knowing . 
  ukraine has a significant population that considers itself part of russian world , and ukrainian culture is similar to russian . 
  not so with afghanistan . 
  so what are the reasons it would be harder for putin to support a puppet ? 
  ukraine has an area of 603,500 km2 and afghanistan has 652,864 km2 . 
  population of ukraine is 45,000,000 and afghanistan is 32,000,000 . 
  i probably do n't need to go on why it would be much harder for russia/su to keep a puppet in afghanistan than ukraine . 
  except the separatists would have been quashed within a couple months , and almost were , until russia intervened . 
  if there were no `` world police '' to confront putin , why would n't russia march into kiev and install a new puppet ? 
  there even exists one of these video `` experiments '' in new york city ( one guy dressed gay ) where the subject is subject to harassment . 
  i suppose we can conclude that homophobia exists everywhere , even the most liberal and diverse places . 
  another one that i see bandied about : - that it was n't a genocide because famine also occurred in russia . 
  all the syrians i 've met have been great people , no need to apologize on anyone 's behalf .
