  have you considered us or canada in addition to europe ? 
  i did a double take on the wave . 
  i see it is a 2008 film , but i swear i had to watch it in school in the 1980s . 
  turns out they are separate films based on a real-life social [ experiment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_third_wave ) conducted in california in the 1960s . 
  denmark : reptilicus spain : dagon germany : stalingrad russia : leviathan france : brotherhood of the wolf italy : opera uk/us : alien, 
  it can be both . 
  if he wants a war in poland , he 's going to have to take out us troops first . 
  even better example from picasso : massacre in korea . 
  i think russian media is supposed to dedicate a certain number of minutes per hour showing putin dealing with ministers looking professional and in-charge . 
  of course they also love to show him doing things like hosting a benefit for a sick kid or visiting a community where a flood or some other natural disaster struck . 
  watching russian news , one would be under the impression that russia is the most idyllic place on earth !, 
  at this point , there probably is n't any real need for russia to disguise its activities . 
  russian media will never report on it ; other media reports will be dismissed as `` western lies '' ; golovinka residents will know it is best to keep quiet if they do observe anything untoward . 
  `` russian troops and their allies - lithuanians , czechs , and poles '' really makes it sound like russia did most of the fighting with minimal outside help . 
  the really sad thing , is that russians will be brought up believing that this is a historical fact , and that the idea of a polish-lithuanian commonwealth victory is a fabrication meant to vilify russia . 
  he did his best to cover for siberian airlines 1812 , but kuchma spilled the beans . 
  why should they even be upset about their removal ? 
  a large portion of the population of lithuania was imprisoned , tortured , executed , sent to gulags by the same government that installed said monuments . 
  why does the article quote the average monthly salary instead of the median monthly salary in russia - for one it makes it look like the majority of russians are better off than they really are . 
  redditor for 21 hours ( at the time of this post ) and posts consisting mostly of racist rants , so sarcasm looks unlikely . 
  either he 's a troll or a racist a-hole . 
  not racist . 
  just a cultural difference . 
  there 's even [ evidence ] ( http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2457000 ) that east germans are more likely to cheat than west germans . 
  no difference in race here , just corruption endemic within a culture . 
  leftist does n't equate to communist , particularly in the way it has been historically implemented . 
  except the hammer-and-sickle crucifix is n't a gaffe - it 's more like proof that evo morales is out of touch with reality , if not actually insane . 
  i 'm sorry , but saying the vote was about declaring serbian people genocidal is nonsense . 
  nobody is even saying the vast majority of serbian people had anything to do with the genocide . 
  some people just need to grow up , when a nation tries to whitewash its past , it does not heal old wounds , it just makes them continue to fester . 
  it 's a little more complicated than that in the usa . 
  43 states out of 50 recognize it , and it is being debated whether to recognize it on a national level , but all us presidents since reagan have been utterly gutless on the matter , refusing to use the `` g '' word at all - probably because they are more afraid of upsetting turkey than taking a moral stand on the issue . 
  russia sees literally everything that reflects negatively on them as an american/cia/state department conspiracy . 
  putin currently has an 89 % approval rating , the 90s are still fresh on peoples ' minds , the kremlin has near total control over the media and education . 
  the ruling regime is n't going anywhere anytime soon . 
  my comment was tongue-in-cheek , and i 'm pretty sure / u/goerz 's was as well . 
  a lot of people all over think sleeping with the ac on will give you a cold or some other ailment , though i 'm skeptical of those claims . 
  same in usa . 
  `` dvaro '' is in cyrillic like [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/alexmeat-sliced-cheese-dvaro-200g/dp/b00rpsw6m0/ ) . 
  there was an interesting recent `` featured article '' on wikipedia about the great stink of 1858 , which prompted civil engineer joseph bazalgette to build the sewerage system for london , which is still in use , greatly cleaned up the thames , and ended the cholera epidemics in the city . 
  perhaps a little background - the italian wikipedia even has an [ entry ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/morte_da_ventilatore ) for the phenomenon . 
  worse than fans in south korea ? 
  nocebo effect ? 
  wet hair is kinda neat even in winter . 
  i enjoy seeing how far i get on my walk to the bus stop before it is frozen solid . 
  i found it rather shocking that people have phobias of drafts and cold drinks , but apparently a lot of people think that is normal . 
  there will be no legal repercussions , of course . 
  but is another fabrication that will be used as a wedge issue between the baltic states and their russian communities . 
  for example , the official russian line in the january events of lithuania is that soviet soldiers harmed no one , and the russian population really believes that . 
  add that their independence is `` illegal '' to this , it will make baltic russians even more hostile to their respective governments . 
  i would be even more cynical and say governments ( us in particular ) relishes such attacks , as they keep the populace focused on an external threat while they quietly sell them out to corporate interests , and use a the disaster as a handy excuse to remove civil liberties . 
  he did n't fix the economy , he had the good fortune of a 12-fold increase in the price of oil during his first 10 years in power and a windfall of lucrative gas contracts . 
  i 'm in favor too . 
  i 'd rather see russia spend 10s of billions of dollars on football than on military . 
  perhaps the country does have a persecutory delusion , but the `` go visit a psychiatrist '' remark was gratuitous and pretty insulting . 
  the plural `` octopi '' is [ incorrect ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/us/definition/american_english/octopus ) ; `` octopuses '' follows the regular rules for pluralization . 
  and 65 % of russians still believe mh17 was shot down by the ukrainian army [ source ] ( http://echo.msk.ru/blog/cimes/1565218-echo/ ) . 
  so that tactic seems to be working beautifully . 
  whatever flag / u/orion4321 has for his flair , one thing is certain : he is not german . 
  my bet is russian . 
  does n't matter . 
  having nukes alone is n't sufficient to make a country untouchable . 
  you need the ability to reliably deliver them to their target in quantities large enough to ensure mad . 
  the us could wipe north korea off the map and face no retaliation . 
  putin would probably benefit from the world cup being taken away from russia . 
  he will get to tell the russian people `` see , i told you the americans were up to this '' and at the same time save a boatload of rubles that russia does not have from being spent on what russia does not need . 
  touch\u00e9 !, 
  there is no sign they actually want to clean it up . 
  more likely they will continue to deny and frame everything as a us-led conspiracy to knock down russia . 
  and even if the leadership did want to come clean - what will happen to putin 's approval ratings if he admitted mh17 was downed by russian military and that russia is fighting a covert war of aggression against ukraine ? 
  not quite the topic , but why is poland `` lenkija '' in lithuanian ? 
  he says he was born in germany to german parents , but lives in the uk and does not speak german . 
  he 's not german . 
  oh man , sorry to hear that . 
  surely you can see good in people , regardless of what silly things they believe . 
  do you think that the majority really is part of the collective hive mind , or is there a silent majority who really dislikes the direction russia is heading , but are afraid to speak their minds ? 
  does it really matter ? 
  whatever ukraine has there , russia will supply enough to take them out . 
  even better , let france help build nuclear power plants in countries dependent on russian energy . 
  and if you consider how insanely attracted american women are to french men , you might see how american men suffer from deep issues . 
  til - i just sampled several random polish wikipedia pages , and the only * v * 's i found were in foreign names . 
  yet ca n't speak german . 
  so you were given your flair . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  i wonder if / u/feallan and / u/orion4321 got to pick their own flair , or it was assigned to them at the internet research agency . 
  domestically , they do n't have to admit anything , they just do n't report it on their national media . 
  this is just about keeping reports out of international media as well . 
  sounds like this law if part of their information warfare . 
  russian military casualties would never have been reported in their domestic media anyway . 
  anyone now reporting them to international media now will face prison time . 
  * flawed * democracy , bordering on `` hybrid regime , '' so certainly not a democracy in the sense of western european nations . 
  opposition politicians are n't regularly disqualified on trumped up `` technicalities , '' thrown in jail , or shot in the street like dogs , as in russia . 
  there is no evidence of widespread vote rigging and other electoral irregularities in singapore as there are is in russia . 
  according to the economist 's democracy index , singapore ranks 75th place with a score of 6.03 and is a `` flawed democracy , '' while russia ranks 132nd place with 3.39 and is an `` authoritarian regime . '', 
  singapore is a lot more democratic than the rf . 
  they were n't `` totally ok '' with yeltsin and his bullshit . 
  they were so desperate to become friends with russia since the cold war was over , they were willing to overlook it . 
  if russia had democracy between 2000 and 2015 , the standard of living would be much higher than it is now , you would have a diversified economy , and a respected member of the international community , with much better relations with your neighbors in particular . 
  i think polish and english have different transliterations of cyrillic names : szostakowicz = shostakovich czajkowski = tchaikovsky musorgski = mussorgsky strawinski = stravinsky, 
  if estonia is doing things right and is becoming a success story , there 's nothing wrong with cheering them on .
