  did n't un also have a purge upon reappearing ? 
  perhaps this disappearance is a stunt to test the loyalty of his ministers . 
  fwiw [ here ] ( http://www.imdb.com/list/ls003105080/ ) is a list of the 363 `` best '' creepy american redneck horror movies . 
  that 's probably the least bad option . 
  economy of russia collapses , putin 's approval rating sinks to what yeltsin 's was , appoint a successor , and repeat . 
  life will suck for ordinary russians , but better than a civil war or nukes going off . 
  i was n't suggesting anything about putin 's successor , other than it could very well be someone even more batshit crazy than putin . 
  are zhirinovsky or dugin in line to be president after putin ? 
  it looks like he had a phone interview with the president of armenia [ today ] ( http://echo.msk.ru/news/1510060-echo.html ) , so i 'm sure reports of his death have been exaggerated . 
  and hopefully they wo n't wear out their welcome . 
  i 'm sure they will enjoy the cepelinai , cold pink borscht , and svyturys . 
  how did he try to get to get the best deal for his country ? 
  he was elected in part because he promised to go ahead with the eu association agreement , and was just about to sign it , and all of a sudden putin meets with him and he does an abrupt 180 and announces he will sign the russian deal instead . 
  sounds more like an offer he ca n't refuse than getting the best deal for his people . 
  same reasons as the top posts by / u/bobdole3 -2 and / u/disregardmypants to which i would add the general absence of american celebrities and pop culture in conversations is a big plus . 
  how much industry is russia going to acquire from what 's left in donbass ? 
  i would say more likely reasons are : * make an example out of ukraine for any other former soviet republics wanting to go west * keeping a presence within ukraine 's borders with which they can apply pressure on kiev * maintain a frozen conflict which will preclude ukraine 's entry into nato * punish ukraine for not entering in the eeu , and see that their economy suffers as a result * have a radicalized population within ukraine * ensure that ukraine is a miserable place to live as long as they are aligned with the west edit : formatting , and add that putin does not care about russian people, 
  considering how fighting a war of aggression against `` brotherly '' ukraine is giving a big boost to his popularity , i doubt if most russians would have minded if putin personally killed a traitor like nemtsov with his bare hands . 
  the people in russia for whom nemtsov is a martyr are the minority , and they get the message pretty clearly . 
  changes , i get 1 . 
  so big . 
  in ukraine . 
  bombing syria . 
  helping assad . 
  [ `` why is russia '' with nothing else ], 
  and i thought american could n't get any worse . 
   that 's your proposal for the new justice system ? 
  i ca n't speak for op , but it 's more like like the murderer saying , after the guilty verdict , to the judge : `` fuck you , i did n't do it , and i 'm going to walk out of this courtroom and go home . 
  let 's see you try and stop me '' , knowing full well that nobody in the courtroom will stop him . 
  laws mean nothing if they can not be enforced . 
   realistically , how many people are on the fence about mh17 ? 
  in the rf , i would guess quite a few . 
  but there is no way of really know how many . 
  according to the levada centre poll on the 1 year anniversary of mh17 , 2 % of russians believed russian military was responsible ( 3 % blamed the separatists ) . 
  we 'll see what the breakdown is after the criminal investigation has been released and it has had some time to sink in . 
   and at this point i do n't think most of the world cares about mh17 i disagree . 
  just because there is almost no news , it does n't mean people have stopped caring , just that there is nothing new to discuss . 
  when the final report of the criminal investigation comes out , it will be the headline on all the worlds major news media ( except , of course , russia 's state media ) . 
  it will be a game changer , as no one will be able to sit on the fence any longer . 
  the final report of the criminal investigation is still due , and this is more evidence . 
  if the report names the 53rd anti-aircraft brigade as the culprit , people outside russia will have a definitive answer to who shot down mh17 . 
  russia can deny all it wants , but for everyone else , they will have precisely zero credibility . 
  the boundary between freedom fighter and terrorist can be blurry , and my government has assisted some shady groups , but there are very real pillars upon which civil society rests , and groups which seek to demolish these pillars can not be tolerated in a civil society . 
  isis , which will behead , blow up , gun down anyone not subscribing to their particular interpretation of islam is pretty black and white . 
  any sort of counter propaganda to convince would-be jihadist to reconsider is a necessary evil . 
  i do n't think you 're being fair in describing government sponsored campaigns on social media as `` deceit '' . 
  take another example : a lot of people really think that vaccines cause autism . 
  if not enough people are vaccinated , herd immunity breaks , leaving society open to outbreaks of infectious disease . 
  it 's in the government 's and society to prevent this from happening . 
  governments can run ad campaigns , but that still would not get through to a lot of people who need to be better informed . 
  so why not use social media for that purpose ? 
  i really do n't know what the reasons are that russia justifies its sock puppetry , but the western and russian narratives are not symmetrical , they are not opposite sides of the same coin . 
  the ideas that ukraine shot down mh17 , russian military is not involved in donbass , the us financed a coup-d'etat in kyiv are thoroughly repudiated . 
  people who believe those live in an information bubble just as much as the anti-vaxxers do . 
  instead of propagating information , kremlin trolls are propagating mis-information . 
  i would even argue that governments using paid shills is n't necessarily something sinister . 
  when it is used to combat isis propaganda , then it is a positive . 
  however when it is used to roll back civil society , cover wrongdoings by the powerful , instigate foreign wars , target vulnerable members of society , then it is something evil , something to be exposed and fought . 
   there is no competent successor it 's really unfortunate that anyone who looks like they could be a competent successor always ends up in jail or dead . 
  he 's still allowed to run for one more term after this one , since only * consecutive * terms count . 
  since he had a constitutional referendum extending the term from 4 years to 6 , that means it is n't until 2024 that he 'll have to find a seat warmer to play president for a term . 
  by then he 'll be in his 70s , and though i could never wish ill health on anyone , that might be humanity 's best hope . 
  horrible news . 
  saint sava was destroyed by fire yesterday :( http://abc7ny.com/news/fdny-on-the-scene-of-massive-fire-at-manhattan-church/1317849/, 
  coming to power when all the chaos of the 90s had just turned around , the price of oil was about to skyrocket , and having near complete control of the media does wonders for public perception . 
  [ not true ] ( http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2014/mar/19/facebook-posts/united-states-spent-5-billion-ukraine-anti-governm/ ), 
  and before obama can just gift weapons using tax monies , he needs approval from congress . 
  that 's why things like the iran-contra affair have occurred where contras fighting in nicaragua were funded using the proceeds of arms sales to iran during the reagan administration . 
  edit : grammar, 
  til that western ideals and american imperialism mean exactly the same thing . 
    his strength derives through popular support  yeah , right . 
  that 's why he was busy building his personal army . 
  because he believes his popularity will keep on soaring and that will keep him in power . 
  for now , he has the popularity . 
  if this recession goes no where near 90s levels and turns around , he will emerge unscathed and in an even stronger position . 
   whatever you 're having , i want some of it too . 
  hope ? 
  optimism ? 
  perhaps i got caught up in my rhetoric , but if jews , muslims , christians , hindus , and atheists can all be friends and neighbors here , why ca n't russians and westerners get along ? 
  because putin is hostile to the west , putinism is inimical to western ideals . 
  his strength derives through popular support , and the russian people believe in him . 
  if his popularity were to collapse , his days in power would be numbered and westerners and russians will love on another like brothers and sisters . 
  russia still denies that soviet soldiers killed anyone during the january events . 
  siberian airlines 1812 was accidentally shot down by a s-200 missile in october 2001 . 
  evidently , people really believe this `` proves '' ukraine 's guilt in mh17 . 
  however , it should be noted that putin dismissed claims that 1812 was shot down as absurd , until ukraine finally admitted responsibility 8 days later . 
  so here we have a precedent of russia denying a shoot down they were fully aware of . 
  and further there is kal 007 , which russia did not admit until after the soviet union fell , so i suppose we will have to wait until after the putin regime falls before russia takes responsibility for mh17 . 
  i was asking about when the protests were taking place . 
   globalresearch.ca ` null said !, 
  abkhazian separatists shot down three georgian airliners in the 1990s . 
   belarusians felt strongly negative about the maidan why did they feel that way ( rather than simply neutral ) ? 
   however , do not mistake this as belarus joining the western camp , as the country remains culturally and economically depended on russia . 
  and you only got luka to blame for that . 
  even if lukashenko did want to join the west , russia would be sure to fuck shit up there if he ever tried it . 
  it seems that channel one airs an seemingly inexhaustible run of movies set in the ussr , where life of the citizens seems as idyllic as one can get . 
  many of them obviously produced within the past 20 years , though . 
  i do n't have any other gauge of russian mass media , and it seems that 1tv . ru targets an older demographic , who grew up in the su . 
  do you think such home-grown movies are targeting/reaching these youth ? 
  has europe been asking for a multi-polar world , despite evidence that the world has been largely more peaceful since the fall of the soviet union ?
