  he has n't clarified his position , and claimed that was the reason for his dismissal later in the same year . 
  maybe we will never know what really happened between rfe/rl and babitsky , but it is hardly a demonstration that rfe/rl is anti-russian . 
   tried to report on warcrimes of ukrainian paramilitaries . 
  only claimed by sputnik and other russian media . 
  but ca n't we simply ask that conversations about russian war crimes stay on the topic of russian war crimes , while conversations about american war crimes stay on topic similarly ? 
  has rfe/rl ever been broadcast from within the su or rf ? 
  and it is not anti-russian , unless you consider simply reporting news that the kremlin would rather its people not hear as `` anti-russian '' . 
  except there is nothing inherently wrong with allowing foreign ngos operating within a country , and they often help many of the more vulnerable members of a society . 
  the only threat they pose is in poking holes in an information bubble implemented solely to keep the citizens ignorant of the rotten , corrupt system they are living under . 
  great story . 
  it does make one wonder how much self-awareness these russian journalists and reporters possess when feeding such distortions to the russian populace . 
  when it 's putin 's birthday present it is . 
  starbucks is not watery . 
  pretty much any coffee you get in the us is very watery except starbucks and some of the independent coffee houses . 
  starbucks does have very burnt beans , which are not great to begin with . 
   thing is , the number of opinions are very limited in the west , just open any news sub , hide all non-west sources , and here you go , same words repeated by different mouths . 
  case in point , there have been at least a half dozen opinions on what caused mh17 to crash in russian media , and only one in western sources . 
  levada centre , before becoming declared a `` foreign agent '' , was highly regarded and found similar results . 
  my wife , her family , and most of her circle of friends are absolutely certain that ukraine shot down mh17 , and the overwhelming evidence to the contrary is simply anti-russian propaganda ( i would guess most of them think i 'm brainwashed because believe it was russian military ) . 
  russian society may be opaque , particularly to us in the west , but even western pollsters find that putin has a very high level of support . 
  perhaps not as high as officially published , but much higher than any western head of state . 
  i would really like to believe - perhaps more so than anything else in the world right now - that people like you and the liberal russian redditors actually constitute a silent majority in russia , who are afraid to speak up or have become stoical about their situation , but all available evidence flatly contradicts that . 
  you sure have quite an imagination . 
  2002 bali nightclub bombings . 
  thank god the us and coalition of the willing took out saddam hussein before he got a chance to use all those wmds against us !, 
  i do n't think russians are stupid barbarians . 
  i do think humans are very easy to manipulate , and that the russian government has a great deal of expertise in doing so , and invests enormous sums in keeping it going ( for example the 2015 budget of rt alone was $ 240 million usd ) . 
   are you seriously arguing that the words of a government do n't mean much ? 
  absolutely . 
  all governments lie , and some are more dishonest than others . 
   in america they go around blaming russia for everything , even for donald trump . 
  no we blame politicians/political parties , corporations , business men , wealthy , minorities , muslims , religion or lack of religion , special interest groups , gays , lobbies , inadequate education . 
  russian connections is just one of many things to bandy about in a campaign characterized by excessive mud slinging . 
  it seems more likely it was russian armed forces based on what we do know , but we should wait until the jit criminal investigation names the suspects . 
  unfortunately they will also believe whatever the kremlin wants them to believe . 
  it 's truly pathetic , but hardly surprising . 
  a couple interesting features to take from the data : * percentage who believe the ukrainian armed forces brought down the plane correlates almost exactly with age . 
  there is some hope for russian children . 
  * percentage who believe it was separatists correlates inversely with age , but still remains small . 
  not much hope there . 
  * the biggest showing for the view that the russian armed forces was in the 25-35 cohort . 
  though only 3 % , it could well be statistical noise . 
  * the 18-24 cohort show a big jump in the theory it was terrorists , and also a ( smaller ) jump in the theory it was western agents . 
  are young people in russia becoming more cynical than ever , more swayed by conspiracy theories ? 
  montage is n't even new . 
  it was posted in r/ukrainianconflict almost 2 years ago . 
   last scene is the guys from the first one being rounded up and forced to walk around local population , there 's plenty of shouting , spitting , beating and generally nasty stuff as you would imagine . 
  `` local population '' ca n't be more than a dozen individuals . 
  reporters from channel one and russia-24 are present . 
  same one . 
  also telling are the wikipedia articles - the english one has a section on his mistreatment of pows , the russian one omits that and has a section for his awards instead . 
  the brainwashing is strong with this one . 
  tensions will get worse because the economy of russia is in the crapper and war and standing up to the usa are all putin has to keep his approval ratings high . 
  think chemotherapy . 
  of course it is better not to have cancer or a dictator who acts like total cunt in the first place . 
  do a lot of his supporters consider the demands completely reasonable , and the us position to be ridiculous ? 
  russia lacks judicial independence , that 's why . 
  it is also clear that that nemtsov 's assassination was as professionally carried out as it was improbable the killers were able to pull it off completely evading detection . 
  edit - grammar, 
  instead of news they get conspiracy theories . 
  he actually had me thinking belarus was a pretty decent place to live , but , alas , he threw all his credibility out the window . 
  he can also urge a cat to stop catching mice . 
  it seems the press really has a penchant for sensationalized negative reporting . 
  look at the rio olympics : infrastructure was about to collapse , guanabara bay water was a lethal cocktail of microbes and raw sewage , athletes were going to get robbed or murdered as soon as they set foot outside their village , zika . 
  one could assume the media has an anti-brazilian agenda . 
  but what is more telling is what media does n't say than what it does report . 
  orwell wrote that journalism is reporting what someone does n't want you to read , everything else is pr . 
  russian media is a gigantic pr machine for the kremlin , so when russians hear what non-russian media says they almost collapse in disbelief . 
  moreover , russian media , goes above and beyond mere sensational negatives when reporting about other countries , especially ukraine , the usa , the baltics , poland , often crossing the line into journalistic dishonesty . 
  so from what they 're used to , it seems western media is going easy on western countries . 
  `` anything seen as being critical of russia in any way is automatically seen as either another western attempt to denigrate russia and the orthodox church , or it 's the work of some kind of fifth column of russia-phobes who are paid by the west to do their anti-russian work or are simply themselves profoundly anti-russian . '', 
  -- vladimir posner , on the condemnation _ leviathan _ had received within the rufed . 
  great elia ( explain like i 'm an american ) answer !, 
   if we are lucky , there might even be a legal persecution of the soldiers who operated the missile system . 
  assuming they are still alive . 
  he certainly is placing people in positions of power along ideological lines . 
  i just took a look at comments sections in russian sites . 
  examples of popular comments : * russia was already blamed by the west before the plane even hit the ground . 
  * the jit is just some anti-russian partisan group like the wada . 
  * us and ukraine still refuse to hand over radar/satellite data . 
  * bellingcat is a discredited conspiracy site . 
   but that route will implicate russian involvement in ukraine , which they 've also been attempting to deny . 
  so they 're not going to admit to mh17 , and continue to feed their domestic audiences the narrative that it is still unsolved and attempts to blame separatists is just another anti-russian smear campaign . 
  sort of like p\u00e9tanque then ? 
  so basically the world cup should be two canadian teams , a us one , and a european one , going by these [ stats ] ( http://www.quanthockey.com/nhl/nationality-totals/active-nhl-players-career-stats.html ) . 
  no problem , though i will be only to address your veritable essay in the most cursory manner ( and rambling , incoherent too ) , and in a way that will provoke strong disagreements from some . 
  both the balkans and caucasus are both patchworks of ethnicities that have been at each others throats for a very long time . 
  any outcome in the former yugoslavia will not be to everyone 's satisfaction . 
  all parties have committed war crimes against one another . 
  but on the balance serbs were the worst offenders , and there has been relative peace and stability in the region now . 
  there is no reason at all for this to be a `` humiliation '' for russia . 
  i can not say the same about the georgian conflict . 
  georgians have been ethnically cleansed from so and abkhazia , georgian airliners shot down , and the russia troops were more of a precommitment strategy than actual peace keepers . 
  russia wanted to prevent georgia from seeking to join nato and bring about a regime change . 
  so georgia may have `` started '' the conflict in august 2008 , but there was nothing humanitarian or principled about the curb stomping russia gave georgia in response . 
  putin-hitler comparisons . 
  nationalistic cult of personality . 
  various attempts at a youth wing such as nashi and the young guard . 
  applicability of `` third wave '' experiment . 
  when the satirical show kukly was cancelled in 2002 , that should have been the miners canary that the regime would brook no criticism .
