  were n't the elections last month fixed to give united russia a supermajority ? 
  that does n't make sense either . 
  why would a cash strapped egypt buy ships * and * helicopters , only to gift them to russia ? 
  i suppose is a couple rooms in the heliopolis palace mysteriously filled up with cash we might have an answer . 
  it 's an outstanding movie . 
  of course it will ruffle the feathers of some russian patriots because it does n't paint a glowing picture of life in russia and makes a couple subtle digs at putin ( portrait on crooked mayor 's wall , target practice with portraits of former russian leaders and kolya asks if anyone more recent is available , title itself is a reference to thomas hobbes ' book of the same name and the rotten skeleton of a whale thrown in to make a point ) . 
  except it is not based on heemeyer 's killdozer rampage , only `` inspired '' by it . 
  the only similarities are that kolya and heemeyer are both hot-headed mechanics , and a structure gets wrecked by a bulldozer . 
  what , you 're saying [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcbcu8g80pq&amp;ab_channel=%ce%be%ce%b5%ce%bd%ce%bf%cf%86%cf%89%ce%bd%ce%b1%ce%bd%ce%b4%cf%81%ce%b5%ce%bf%cf%85 ) is not accurate ? 
   they will only bring the binaries to the competition they could bring the source if it happens to be in perl . 
  here 's another thought : the post is 67 % because it is n't particularly newsworthy . 
  some startup company beats google in a facial recognition competition , and only posted because the company happens to be russian . 
  moreover , said technology itself has dubious benefits for mankind - giving governments greater surveillance capabilities and less privacy for citizens . 
  i am sure that if russia , say , granted recognition to same-sex couples , or russian researchers made a breakthrough in cancer treatment , you would see an upvote frenzy . 
  from wikipedia  in mathematics , [ sweden ] had the sharpest fall in mathematic performance over 10 years among the countries that have participated in all tests seriously , what is happening ? 
  with internet surveillance ? 
  the us is among the worst of the worst , which also includes russia , china , and the uk . 
  censorship , the us and uk are far from perfect , but still a lot better than russia , which is a lot better than china . 
  also , i said i would cheer * non-us * diversity and never called any country `` evil '' . 
  pretty big leap of logic there . 
  russia and china have a pretty poor track record with internet censorship and surveillance , as well as with suppression of dissidents . 
  i would not want saudi prominence despite being totally reliant on the us for security . 
  arrest traitors and foreign agents before they betray mother russia ? 
  i would cheer more non-us diversity in the tech sector from almost any country in the world besides china and russia . 
  i 'm crying now . 
  how does one go about obtaining romanian citizenship ? 
   lol , the guy is getting upvoted for blatantly lying about trump said . 
  yeah , what you said is * technically * correct : he did n't say * all * mexicans were criminals . 
  but it is clear that he put his statement in a way to provide wiggle room . 
  it is also clear that he is pandering to racists who really want latinos rounded up and deported . 
  neocon or not , i 'd wager anything that the large majority of ecuadorans as well as the government of ecuador would vastly prefer a clinton presidency . 
  great . 
  considering how well the `` war on terror '' has gone so far , why not make it a `` holy war '' as well and become indistinguishable from the jihadists . 
  i can only hope no one takes this clown seriously . 
  there should n't be any contest to see which nation did the worst thing in the past . 
  iraq may have been in the recent past , but one can not really undo the past . 
  tibet is still ongoing , and theoretically china could grant them independence , or greater autonomy , though there is zero political will on china 's part to do that , and there is nothing short of war that would lead china to reconsider . 
  for iraq , there is nothing left to protest , other than call on the usa to repent the evil deed . 
  china can still be called on to end its occupation . 
  but this is all a diversion . 
  the issue is that if the slovak president , or any other head of state , wants to meet with the dalai lama , it is none of china 's goddamn business . 
  seriously , fuck china . 
  like i said before , nobody is going to convince china to free tibet , but the rest of the civilized world should give him a hero 's welcome wherever he goes just to give china a big middle finger over the issue . 
  i really do n't agree with your point that because the ccp is not as oppressive as what tibet had , it is ok for china to simply annex and colonize the territory . 
  perhaps every country on earth was founded by peoples who extirpated the original inhabitants . 
  the usa decimated the native population , destroyed their civilization , and this is a national shame . 
  china has done the same to tibet in the much more recent past , and indeed is still going on . 
  and not only is there no shame in doing so , it is vigorously justified by propagandists . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` basically even less democratic than china '' means , but i do know tibet was a sovereign nation annexed by china , its indigenous population and culture brutally suppressed , and underwent forced sinification , complete with population transfers . 
  wow , the 50 cent army even trolls r/europe . 
  i agree democracy can easily slip into authoritarianism and needs to be maintained . 
  but eastern bloc countries were able to do it in less than a generation . 
  other former soviet countries kept too much of their soviet baggage and had too much russian influence to become democracies . 
  african countries had their chance during decolonization , but china and the soviet union were there to seize the day . 
  you make some good points . 
  unfortunately i wo n't be able to get to them . 
  perhaps we will spar over these issues at some point in the future . 
  in 2011 only [ 27.5 % ] ( http://www.razumkov.org.ua/eng/expert.php?news_id=2807 ) of ethnic russians living in crimea were in favor secession and joining russia . 
  there is no comparison with kosovo , where there was actual ethnic cleansing taking place in contrast to the manufactured crisis in crimea , and even if the two were comparable , your analogy still breaks down - kosovo is not allowed to join albania , so crimea would be independent and not allowed to join russia . 
  also , you are pretty far off base with your comments about `` due process '' and `` negotiations '' as well . 
  perhaps that is because russia has never been a democracy in its entire existence , and your mind is already made up that democratic institutions are bad , or at least wo n't work in the rf . 
  i wo n't presume to answer for you , but i do hope you come around and see that the rhetoric coming from the kremlin , particularly during the past 2 or 3 years is eating away at the russian psyche like a cancer . 
  acupuncture and tcm were revived in china in the 1950s , even though they were widely regarded as superstition at the time ( including by mao ) , in order to convince the people the fledgling communist government had a plan for people 's health , despite lacking the resources to implement an actual science-based health care system . 
  perhaps in russia we will see a similar revival of folk medicine as a patriotic alternative to decadent , imperialistic western medicine . 
   they 're the only ones that occurred during the actual invasion , so in that sense , yes . 
  that 's a curious line of reasoning . 
  sort of like getting into a fight where the other person later dies of his injuries , and claiming innocence because he was still alive when the fight was over . 
   and the effect of the previous sanctions in reducing iraq to ruins ca n't be dismissed either . 
  correct . 
  good grief , you 're actually claiming the only civilian deaths that count are those that occurred during the `` major combat operations '' ? 
  first crimea , it does not betray democratic principles to oppose its annexation . 
  even if the majority would rather be a part of russia , that is simply not nearly enough to justify seizing the territory from ukraine . 
  democratic principles also embody due process ( completely out the window here ) , equal protections ( tatars shut out , human rights abuses ) . 
  there was no negotiation : little green men showed up , seized all the government buildings , cut off all non-russian media , launched a propaganda blitz so the people really believed they were going to be prohibited from speaking russian while waiting for fascists to come down from kiev and slaughter them . 
  there was no public debate , no negotiations . 
  the referendum was simply rammed through as quickly as possible , without any possibility of ever returning to ukraine , gaining autonomy , or even having future calls for another referendum . 
   i ca n't imagine more direct demonstration of anti-russian stance , when top liberal war reporter , who was labeled a `` traitor '' and `` agent of bandits '' by putin himself during the second chechen war , then detained and forcefully delivered to chechen insurgents , was sacked just for having pro-russian opinion shared by  90 % of russians . 
  there is a widespread belief among russians that any criticism of the government or contradiction of the official narrative is anti-russian by definition , and this framing all dissent thus is the most significant aspect of russian propaganda , even more so than omitting any mention of impropriety by the russian state . 
  this is a very hard mindset to break , and even though an opinion may be shared by 90 % of a population , it does n't mean a contrary one is anti-russian . 
  the same thing works in other countries . 
  in the usa right now , there are athletes who refuse to stand during our national anthem ( as a protest against oppression of black people ) and have met with a huge backlash , even though he is doing the most american thing and expressing his right to free speech . 
  during the run up to the iraq war , france was the loudest critic . 
  there was a huge amount of anti-french sentiment resulting , resulting in french fries being named `` freedom fries '' in restaurants . 
  since then , france has been vindicated with flying colors . 
   he says that rfe/rl is american propaganda , and i think he is entitled to his opinion , because he worked for rfe/rl since 1989 . 
  he certainly is entitled to his opinion . 
  but whenever there is an acrimonious split between a corporation and an employee , there is simply no way to know what really went on unless you are an insider . 
  corporations are by nature opaque , and will only provide merely ostensible grounds for a dismissal . 
  and that is only an opinion , not a statement of fact . 
  babitsky has been through a lot , and it 's not unlikely he has had changes of heart . 
  rfe/rl by its very nature is counter propaganda . 
  it focuses on content that the kremlin would rather suppress or whitewash . 
  even if they did dismiss him for pro-russian views , it is more like the weather channel dismissing its co-founder for being a climate change denier . 
  rfe/rl is n't in the business of disseminating russian propaganda , they are in the business of combating it , and well within their rights in dismissing someone who does not conform with their editorial policy . 
   no , they are not . 
  99 % of people do n't even know that bin laden was trained and funded by the usa to counter the soviet union in afghanistan . 
  you can looks at the comment section in alex jones 's site and be confronted with a similar constellation of nutters . 
  rt and inforwars are simply honeypots for a certain type of person , who is hardly representative of society at large . 
   it 's blatantly anti-russian that 's not clear . 
  he was suspended for defending putin 's annexation of crimea and human rights in russia .
