exactly my point . 
  sweden is not a one-party state . 
  sweden does not allow the outlawing of a party . 
  even the unpopular ones . 
  if that 's what he wants , he can try his luck in one of those . 
  sweden is consistently rated as amongst the best places in the world to live and is also rated as one of the most democratic nations in the world . 
  i 'm not buying the grass is greener on the other side mentality . 
  you asked for a list of countries where the greens where outlawed . 
  i provided one and despite giving you exactly that which you asked for , you where not satisfied with the answer . 
  that is you moving the goalpost . 
  i do n't like the mp either , but `` simply not voting for a party is n't enough . '', 
  is not something i 'm willing to accept in a democratic nation . 
  votes is how we decide and just because you do n't agree with 7 % of the voters does n't mean the system has to change . 
  moving the goalpost . 
  the people 's republic of china , the democratic people 's republic of korea , cuba , laos , vietnam , sahrawi arab democratic republic and eritrea . 
  well , you 're free to move to a country where parties you do n't like can get outlawed then . 
   so how do we deal with parties we do n't want anymore now again ? 
  they way you deal with any party you do n't want in a democracy . 
  do n't vote for them . 
  probably because he does n't want to alienate milj\u00f6partiet , he 's had plenty of trouble keeping the goverment together as it is . 
  http://www.dn.se/sthlm/de-flesta-kommunerna-sviker-sina-byggloften/ from todays news - only 12/26 of the towns that make up stockholm 's l\u00e4n built all the residences they had planned in 2014 . 
  some numbers from the article : vaxholm 6/81 liding\u00f6 38/126 nyn\u00e4shamn 48/136 salem 18/108 stockholm 3.147 / 4.739 article also brings up another problem , that companies are given out ` rights to build ' in certain areas , then they just sit on top of them untill their rights are revoked , thus preventing competitors from building there . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty certain that 's what happened and he ended up picking the option that causes the least amount of trouble for himself and his party . 
  seems he 's stepping down on his own before the boot managed to hit him in the ass . 
  what 's more important now is how milj\u00f6partiet will responds to this . 
  i suspect they 'll hammer out some new deal with the social democrats and just keep going as before while people on the sidelines are going to make a lot of noise . 
  it 's going to be an interesting week in swedish politics . 
  a lot, 
  i 'm on my phone and i ca n't think of a short answer that 'll properly explain things , but basically theres something of a downward spiral in the fact that supply/demand has pushed prices up , but it 's the folks who do n't earn all that much that are in need of housing , resulting in companies saying it 's not profitable to build renter appartments for the price ranges these groups are able to afford . 
  because all the bureaucracy is slowing things down considerably . 
  he might 've been confused about which island he was actually going to . 
  those people should stop sitting in echo chambers on the internet and actually come visit and see for themselves what it 's like over here . 
  every day i see a new ` the sky is falling ' thread and dozens of foreign flair posters trying to tell just how bad it is outside my door , how bad it is a bit further down the street or a couple of blocks away . 
  but it 's the internet , everyone is a self proclaimed expert here on everything , including places they 'll probably never visit and most of what they think they know of that place they learned from angry posters on the internet . 
  i 'm not denying there are problems , every country has it 's problems , but the way people are spouting nonsense here on reddit , you 'd think we 'd be resorting to cannibalism in two weeks because our society is descending into anarchy . 
  it 's laughable . 
   it seems native nordics hate masculinity , national pride , and are extremely leftist in all things . 
  yeah , uhm ... 
  i do n't really know what to say . 
  i suspect the people who actually belive that wo n't be receptible to any words that say otherwise so i 'm just not going to waste my time . 
  time to liberate some polish speaking minorities !, 
  since the original comment i was replying too has been deleted , i 'll just reply to you . 
  i never understood why people keep repeating the whole `` you used to be vikings '' thing . 
  anti-immigrants often say that muslim immigrants are violent , that they 're more likely to be rapists and that they hold dangerous beliefs . 
  well , the vikings where violent , their religion actively promoted a life of war and violence , they raped and they 're also infamous for their raiding and pillaging on top . 
  there where plenty of things the vikings did that we as their ancestors can be proud of . 
  brave explorers , mighty warriors , talented shipbuilders and how free their society was ( unless of course , you where one of the unfortunate villagers who got dragged out to sea for a life in slavery by the vikings ) , but i think it 's important to remember that the vikings did plenty of evil aswell . 
  they where not exactly the good guys their time and a lot of their modern reputation is just a result of how the concept of nationalism appearing romantisiced them and uplifted them from barbaric pagan to some sort of heroic anscestor status . 
  i ca n't think of an evil thing people accuse the muslims immigrants of doing that the vikings did n't themselves do . 
  that 's the funny with when a new thing is introduced into a language where there 's no native word for it . 
  like , there 's no turtles or tortoises in sweden , so back in the days of yore and the first swedes set sail to foreign lands and first enountered a turtle for the first time , naturally , they did n't know what to call this strange looking creature they 'd never seen before . 
  so what is the swedish word for turtle then ? 
  litterally ` shield-toad ' - tortoises are landsk\u00f6ldpadda - land-shield-toad . 
  but if we 're going back to tanks , then ` panzerkampfwagen is just fantastic . 
  i like when you enounter a new word in another language and it just manages to explains itself without the need to look up it 's meaning . 
  to name a few - soldiers , officers , pilots , intelligence staff , mechanics , sailors , radar operators , various civilian staff ... basically , there 's not enough people interested in working for the military , even if they 're trying various methods of encouraging people to do so ( for instance , the military has actively been visiting various job and education fairs to show that they can offer you a career while paying you a wage to learn a craft unlike universities where you take student loans to get through ) . 
  in addition , for some jobs there 's just nobody available to hire as the position requires certain levels of experience and competence within specialized fields . 
  laws and bureaucratic regulations also play a part . 
  some shoes can only be filled a career military man . 
  this article is from november 5th 2015 and it says there 's about 1200 full-time positions to be filled , but also brings up that there is a also a number of part-time positions ( mainly non-military personel ) that need to be filled . 
  it says that at this rate of hiring , it 'll be years before the army can consider itself fully staffed even with it 's current budget . 
  http://sverigesradio.se/sida/artikel.aspx?programid=83&amp;artikel=6293107 here is the list of available positions from today - it 's a fair bit of scrolling to be done to reach the bottom : http://jobb.forsvarsmakten.se/sv/lediga-tjanster/, 
  it 's not just a question of funds . 
  f\u00f6rsvarsmakten has a lot of trouble finding people who meet their requirements for particular jobs . 
  which one ? 
  yeah , i 'm honestly not suprised . 
  / r/sweden has plenty of users who do the same thing . 
  the result is that if 100 newsworthy things happend in a week and 20 ( example number , not actual count ) of them are related to immigration , then we 'll see threads covering 20/80 about non-immigration news while 18/20 immigration related news get posted . 
  since the authorities just ca n't keep up with the numbers of immigrants , a lot of these news are bad , but it also paints the picture that all of sweden is descending into anarchy and that just is n't true . 
  yes , there are problem areas but it 'll take a lot more than that to make the nation crumble . 
  hell , look at the us . 
  it was n't too long ago that people where saying the same thing about the irish as we do about the immigrants today , that the irish would never be able to adapt , that they 'd never find jobs and that they where violent drunkards - atleast the muslims have that last part going for them . 
  the ira last bombing ( that i could google up ) was 2001 , 3rd of august - ealing bombing - a real ira car bomb injured seven civilians in ealing , west london . 
  that 's only 15 years ago , but in the wake of 9/11 we 've forgotten all about bombs set up by catholics , because bombing has become something that muslims do . 
  there 's also a bit of echo chamber going on to be honest - interest in these matters is high , so people tend to dig up and post articles on the subject , thus making a disproportionate amount of the news be centered around this . 
  i 'm not trying to say that there are n't problems , i 'm not trying to say that it 's a small issue however this subject in particular is getting a disproportionate amount of attention in / r/sweden because there 's a large number of the users who go there to share and/or read about this sort of thing . 
  the defenestration of reykjavik . 
  security cameras tend to be the first things that get vandalized . 
  what ? 
  i never thought of it as such . 
  why on earth are you getting defensive when you 're the one correcting me over something i wrote before he had posted what you 're correcting me for ? 
  i wrote my reply before he did so . 
  he said baltic region , not baltic nations , so we 're okay with it . 
  that 's switzerlake . 
  along the same line , what do you call a norweigean with two braincells ? 
  - pregnant . 
  * blessed be this funnel cake . 
  more [ duty calls ] ( https://xkcd.com/386/ ) , less triggered tbh . 
  what ? 
  he never said anything about numbers . 
  swedes voulenteered to fight for a number of nations in both the allies and the axis . 
  a number of swedes fought in the spanish civil war aswell . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ingvar_fredrik_h%c3%a5kansson ) for instance joined the royal airforce and died when the debris from one of the v1 rockets he shot down damaged his plane , forcing him to bail out . 
  there 's a bit more information about swedish raf voulenteers here : http://surfcity.kund.dalnet.se/swedish_aviators/swedes_raf.htm, 
  well , that term would still exclude the shetland islands then . 
  when the title said most remote , i did n't expect an article about one of the shetland islands , but rather about one of the well ... more remote places on this map . 
  i suppose the article refers to the british isles rather than the nation of britain . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:united_kingdom_ ( % 2boverseas_territories_and_crown_dependencies ) _ in_the_world _ ( single_zoom ) . svg, 
  and just how is that relevant to the discussion at hand and just how do you intend to solve it by bringing it up everytime you hear anything out of sweden ? 
  similarly , the video game star fox is called star wing in europe because star fox was the trademarked name of ~ ~ danish ~ ~ german vacuum cleaner .
