  i can neither confirm nor deny the existence of the 122nd royal airship squadron . 
  the swedish army , navy and airforce is currently very short handed . 
  they simply do n't have the personel they need to fill out the jobs they 're budgeted for . 
  despite various marketing attempts to make people interested in a military career , they just do n't get enough applicants . 
  there 's thousands of jobs available to fill , but the people who 're qualified for them just are n't interested . 
  it 's entierly a local concern and something that 's been debated and talked about for quite some time . 
  they 'll still have the same fingerprints . 
  that 's the joke yes . 
  as the bigger , stronger , more handsome and of course most humble sibling , it 's our duty in life to bully our smaller siblings so that they do n't squabble amongst themselves . 
  yeah , that sounds like first grade bullshit to me . 
  earth has won miss universe every year . 
  it 's like the rest of the universe is n't even trying . 
  not the ones people are using to paint us up as the rape capital of the world no . 
  afaik , the numbers do n't show rapes that year , but the number of reported rapes per year . 
  funny you should say that , but every so often it does become relevant . 
  my favourite exchange was in a thread on / r/sweden where people where discussing the [ sale of an island/coastal fort ] ( http://www.vladi-private-islands.de/en/island+buy+middelgrunds-fort+denmark+europe-atlantic-ocean/ ) outside copenhagen that during ww1 had been bristling with anti-aircraft guns as a defence as a countermeasure against german zeppelins . 
  in typical swedish-danish banter , one commenter noted that since this fortress was now dismantled , the danes no longer had any defence against zeppelin attacks , to which i replied , noting my availability in case sweden needed me . 
  not as funny in the retelling though , but i wo n't dig through an old-old-old thread that i 'd also have to translate . 
  i may be biased , but one day i wish to see the sky filled with these things . 
  smoke signals !, 
  you might want to look up the events of 1914-1918 . 
  like , i 'm sorry for what you 've been through , i really am - as sorry as i can be for a faceless internet stranger anyhow , i ca n't get anymore honest than that . 
  it 's a terrible thing to happen to anyone and i wish you the best in dealing with your experience . 
  i have a cousin who 's also a victim and i offer my sympathies . 
  but the dead stay dead . 
  it 's over for them . 
  there is always a chance a rape victim can get their life back in order and live happily . 
  some might not , but others can in fact put the past behind them and rebuild . 
  hillary clearly has n't discovered [ the great war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucucyesejhpedf69rrvhrh4a ) . 
  re-reconqista !, 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31437973 that part of it is anyhow , though it 's more of a modern take on it . 
  thor ( and variations of it such as torbj\u00f6rn , torleif , torsten ... plus of course , the difference in language adding more variations ) are still very common names in iceland , norway , sweden and denmark even today . 
  oh well , it 's still a good quote , regardless of who came up with it . 
  he did though . 
  you can verify it yourself through some quick google work . 
  i always liked this quote . 
  `` the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter . '', 
  - winston churchill, 
  this reminds me of the poll where a bunch of us voters supported air strikes against agrabah - the city from disneys aladdin . 
  nobody asked for your input either , yet here we are . 
  i know what i said . 
  i said most because if i said all i would have to know each and every case which i do n't . 
  i do know that it is the case for most though . 
  the useful tracks where kept in service . 
  the ones not worth keeping got torn up . 
  honestly i 'm baffled by the fact that i even needed to explain that . 
  i do however know that the folks who did decide to tear down the old routes did n't do so on a whim . 
  they had good reason to do so because it is labour intensive and expensive . 
  you do n't go through that work without planning ahead and knowing why . 
  you 're trying to apply modern needs to a map over a century old . 
  i should not have to point out that it does n't work like that . 
  do i need to draw it up using crayons so that you might understand ? 
  while this channel has plenty of interesting and informative videos , i just ca n't listen to that computer manipulated voice for long . 
  it 's a shame really , somehow it gets under my skin so much i just have to stop . 
  a lot of those villages are n't even there anymore - the earlier map linked is from 1910 . :p, 
  it was torn up in the 80 's but the trains stopped well ... stopping years before that . 
  the gravel that used to make up the bed the tracks rested on is still there - so it 'll probably be visible from the air for decades to come . 
  parts of the track was later made into a gravel road by the local farmers who drive various machinery there . 
  if you follow the old track north , you 'll come to a highway - one farmer stores hay in that tunnel because it stays dry and well ... not like the trains are using it anymore . 
  saves him the cost of a barn . 
  i 'm just explaining why they where torn up . 
  do you need that bit translated ? 
  most of those old rails go to villages that would never support the cost of a modern railroad . 
  it would n't be worth the time to stop there , it would n't be worth the cost of maintaining the rails that go there . 
  look at the link i posted . 
  that tiny village used to have it 's own station . 
  that might 've worked last century , but in 2016 , trains simply travel too quickly for it to be worth stopping at every point . 
  argue all you like , history wo n't change . 
  the rail network was dismantled because there was n't any need for such an extensive network at the time . 
  track maintenance is very costly - for smaller villages , having the villagers drive their own cars actually come out cheaper . 
  cars and lorries happened . 
  hi , railroad engineer here . 
  do n't feel like writing a full essay on the subject ( on my phone ) , so here 's a short post . 
  there 's a reason for it . 
  back in those days , if people wanted to travel , rail was the only option . 
  if you had goods to deliver , you brought it to the railroad station . 
  eventually , cars , lorries and busses became more available and it was no longer needed to maintain railroads everywhere . 
  it 's just a sign of the times really , happened all across the world . 
  edit : another major reason is that trains picked up speed . 
  back in the 20 's , a train might go 10-20km / h. 
  today even loaded freight trains are 4-5x times as fast . 
  if the stops where as frequent as they used to be , a train would n't have time to reach it 's running speed before having to break for the next stop . 
  this is the village where i was born ( like 40 houses ? 
  ) , we had a railroad station there once . 
  perhaps 250 people live in that village . 
  it 's just not feasible to have the trains spend 3 minutes to stop in such a low-traffic area today . 
  i 'm doubtful ... but i 'm not betting on it . 
  those are quick response actions , not planned raids . 
  doubt one 14 year old can get 400 police officers to strike at 9 + locations with one phonecall . 
  because police raids require investigation and preparation ? 
  i ca n't imagine the soldiers of odin chapter in iceland have all that much to do . 
  neither of the two victims at ikea where beheaded ... 
  lets dig a moat instead . 
  i remember chechoslovakia far to well . 
  atleast the speech part of my brain does . 
  like , it 's not often i need to mention the chech republic or slovakia in a conversation , but pretty much every time i do , i 'll say chechoslovakia first , then end up having to correct myself shortly thereafter . 
  i 'll probably still be making that mistake in the future even though i know it 's no longer a thing . 
  do n't think it 'll matter how many years pass . 
  boris johnson wishes to eat the cake and keep it too . 
  i have so many questions about what 's going on in this mans head .
