  the story was shared in different versions by other young men in macedonia , but also on similar websites in georgia and kosovo . 
  several of these sites have , just like ivan , hundreds of thousands of followers on facebook . 
  articles about sweden and immigration are often popular among trump supporters in the usa . 
  that 's what ivan noticed when he shared a piece saying that '' many towns in sweden banned the use of christmas lights on the streets to avoid offending the millions of muslim migrants that have flooded their country in the last two years . '' in reality the swedish transport administration had decided not to use their lampposts for christmas decorations in certain swedish towns because the poles were not considered strong enough to carry the weight of the lanterns hanging across streets . 
  ivan 's article , saying that muslims were the reason for this ban in sweden , became his first big success . 
  `` it went totally crazy '' , ivan says . 
  `` i earned a month 's salary in one day . 
  i had never made that much from a single article before . '' he walks over to a couple of hooks by the door . 
  proudly he takes down a wool coat by the brand inter klas by safari . 
  that coat , and a pair of turkish low-price jeans , are what he bought for the money that he got from the article about christmas decorations being banned in sweden `` to avoid offending muslim ` refugees ' . '' it is now tuesday in kristianstad . 
  there is a fuss on the stairs in front of the drug addiction clinic , just by the holy trinity church . 
  lilac lips , dried nose blood on a cheek , thin jackets in the winter cold . 
  the new clientele . 
  `` has she opened this one already , or what ? '' a bloke with a big beard is trying to fiddle open the safety lid on a bottle of methadone . 
  his buddy bends towards him , the tattoos on his neck showing under the collar . 
  it 's unopened . '' `` i 'm just thinking ... so that the cunt has n't tricked me '' , answers the beard , who has come by a local train to reclaim what he lent his female friend last night . 
  `` you see , i had a 150 dose and then i gave her 10 metres . 
  otherwise she would n't go to sleep '' , he mumbles . 
  in december camilla wallin , the clinic manager , was provoked when her patients were given the sole blame for the disturbances in the church . 
  the police was quoted in the local paper saying that addicts had come in from the cities of malm\u00f6 and helsingborg with an `` aggressive attitude '' . 
  on local radio , kristianstad channel 4 , wallin answered that the patients were not at all from the big cities but from the local area . 
  furthermore they were seeking health care voluntarily in order to change their lives . 
  hardly the type that goes peeing in a church on the way home . 
  to some listeners this was proof that the church administration was n't telling the whole truth : look !, 
  the addicts were n't behind this . 
  that means someone else must 've been . 
  as i now speak with camilla wallin her picture is more nuanced . 
  `` well , i was pissed because of people generalising so much '' , she says . 
  `` addicts are human beings too . 
  and most of those that come here are careful of situations where they might be arrested by the police or revert to their drug addiction . 
  but we are neither na\u00efve nor stupid . 
  a lonely life makes you stick to your old friends . 
  so more people in treatment mean more people moving around the church . 
  and i can understand if the church staff is afraid if someone who is high on drugs comes into the church . 
  of course !, 
  outside on the pavement jompa is having a dry cinnamon bun with vanilla filling . 
  he has been on heroin since he was 20 and after all the relapses lately he is under order to come here every day for his medicine . 
  jompa says he understands why the church janitor has begun to find syringes in there . 
  `` i have to drink my methadone in front of the staff . 
  but some people get a couple of bottles to take home , so they can shoot it instead . 
  it also gives a ride quicker . 
  so i have seen people walking directly from here to the church with syringes and shit . 
  i guess they ca n't stand to wait until they get home , so they shoot their stuff in there instead . '' he walks away towards the trains to go home . 
  inside the waiting room of the station the old gang is still hanging around this afternoon . 
  carola stridh is perkier today . 
  she has crawled out of her jacket and is treating the others to the coconut snowballs that are left over from yesterday . 
  `` \u00c5ke '' is out on the platform peeing against the train that will shortly be leaving for h\u00e4ssleholm . 
  and it will soon be clear that it was premature of parish director bengt alvland to disregard this old gang altogether . 
  `` the church has taken a lot of shit from us '' , pia says with a sigh . 
  shouts and screams and unnecessary things . 
  lots of people bring their quarrels along to church after having been sent off by the guard here . 
  and i suppose it has happened that the abbess has been chased away when she has tried to tell someone off . '' pia pulls on her dirty ear lobe . 
  `` with alcohol and pills , when that mixture is made , things can be real nasty . 
  sometimes i am ashamed on my friends ' account . 
  god forgives , they say , but i suppose you ca n't take advantage of that too much . '' everybody here knows who masturbated in the church . 
  `` well , yes , b\u00e4ckstr\u00f6m brought it out in lots of places in the borough '' , says larsa with a laugh . 
  '' it was n't that he was keen to show it . 
  he was just a little horny . '' i ask the caretaker g\u00f6ran kjell , who was an eyewitness to the incident . 
  he points at the same person . 
  so i speak to bengt alvland again . 
  why did he not tell the local paper that the old clientele was just as much involved as the new one ? 
  `` well , i have n't been digging into these things in that way '' , he says . 
  `` i have a job to do as well . 
  what we can say for sure is that we have begun to see new faces . 
  and by listing all the incidents we hoped to get the police 's permission to employ guards . 
  and so we did . 
  it was a very quick decision on the police side . 
  let us stop for a while . 
  what actually remains of the article that ivan stankovic and other macedonian guys have helped spread so successfully in the usa ? 
  let 's go through the incidents that are most explosively contentious . 
  broken bottles . 
  in the railway station , a few metres from the church , a gang of swedish drug addicts are hanging around . 
  they admit to partying and making a nuisance in the church a bit too often . 
  masturbation . 
  one of them has also pleasured himself in there at least once . 
  he died a couple of years ago , b\u00e4ckstr\u00f6m . 
  but a considerable part of the spread outside of sweden comes when the story is picked up by a number of people who , during the passed six months , have become a just as unlikely as important engine in the machinery of fake news : the poor but computer-savvy young boys in macedonia . 
  in the middle of the town kumanovo there is a pompous city archives , the red and yellow macedonian flag waving above the entrance . 
  as i make my way alongside the building and open a gate made of sheeted steel , i find myself in a courtyard full of junk . 
  a broken cement mixer , some homemade ladders , a car being repaired . 
  ivan stankovic opens drowsily , bends down under the boiler sticking out from the wall and invites me in to his sofa , which is also his bed . 
  his grandfather built the house , which nowadays is leaning in many directions and looks like it will soon collapse under its own weight . 
  his father , living on the top floor , took out a bank loan and gave his son a computer . 
  it was from that computer that ivan posted an article on his home page on the 8th december 2016 . 
  a piece about how muslims had defecated and masturbated in a church in sweden . 
  `` it was a real hit '' , ivan says . 
  `` the second i read the headline i knew that it was going to run like crazy . 
  it hits people right in the head . '' ivan waves his arms about , making a pantomime of an outraged american citizien . 
  '' ` how can this shit be !? 
  it 's not possible ! ', 
  it has become my job to figure out what people in the us want to read , topics that they want to share with their friends . 
  everybody clicks on stuff like that . '' the headline of ivan 's article : `` liberal church houses muslim refugees , horrified by what they find in pews . '' the numbers are pretty detailed : the story reached 12,880 of those following ivan 's page on facebook . 
  the piece was shared 110 times . 
  above all there were 3,324 americans going further in on ivan 's home page . 
  around 11 per cent of these had also clicked on one of the ads . 
  every american click is worth usd0 .06 which means that ivan earned almost usd22 from this article . 
  that may sound like petty money . 
  it is n't for ivan stankovic , aged 25 . 
  `` i have been out of work for four years '' , he says . 
  `` so this is perfect for me .
