  heh , considering the amount of traffic that place gets , it 's probably both . 
  it 's the million monkeys with typewriters thing . 
  make screencaps of enough vague guesses and predictions and some are going to come out close enough to right . 
  her opinion is certainly not general public opinion . 
  some loud mouthed minority supports her but she 's recieved plenty of critique for her very vocal opinions aswell . 
  some journalists hold her up as some sort of icon though , so she gets plenty of attention . 
  a lot of her support comes from fans of her music and they 'll defend her and her opinions to death , just like any other fanboy/fangirl cult . 
  nah , too hard to take finnish seriously . 
  german is the best language to shout in if you 're angry . 
  not quite as , but probably more expensive than in most places . 
  swedish animal protection laws are quite harsh , which should mean animals are treated better , but it 's also less efficient . 
  people have to be fed afterall . 
  but hey , it 's for personal gain too . 
  meat is the most expensive thing on my plate , but also what contributes the most to my weight . 
  not that i 'm fat , i 'd also like it to remain that way . 
  well , i assume there 's a ton of variables involved . 
  but imagine a local countryside store . 
  they order x kiloes of beef , they keep track of x kiloes of beef sold . 
  if a lot of it ends up unsold before the expiry date and this trends keeps up , they 'll likely order less meat next time . 
  or they 'll just slap an ` eat soon , expiration date near ' sticker on it and sell it at a discount . 
  if it 's just me doing it , sure . 
  if more people started doing the same it would start having an effect, 
  daily meat is n't a problem . 
  total meat consumption is . 
  i think the last one was quite clever . 
  it 's not meat is bad . 
  it 's too much meat is bad . 
  beef and meat that comes from ruminating animals is the main problem as their digestive process produces large quantities of methane and methane is roughly 20x as potent for greenhouse effect purpuses as co2 is . 
  chicken , fish and pork for instance are n't near as bad . 
  you do n't have to go full vegetarian , just changing your eating habits to include less beef will help out . 
  but i agree that we tend to eat too much meat . 
  i 'm guilty of the same . 
  there 's no time for trivial things like checking facts and making sure you 're not spreading false information when you could be the first one to post a headline that generates traffic !, 
  and english football supporters !, 
  in the recorded call just before the 3 minute mark it 's said she 's a white woman yes . 
  ooops . 
  one word to many in that sentence . 
  well . 
  did you finish your plate ? 
  scottish independence folks might be happy about it since it looks like they 're getting a second shot at it . 
  that entire channel on youtube is fantastic . 
  hours and hours of content on the same subject ... yet without being boring . 
  i 've been working my way through their ever growing playlist and i 'm always looking forward to when i have the time to binge another bunch of episodes . 
  it 's more that he had to pay ( almost ) all that he had . 
  which left him with hardly anything to live off or pay the bills with . 
  that 's the thing though , he could n't really . 
  that 's is why he started doing commercial jobs despite having retired . 
  cleese is n't rich though ? 
  did n't his wife basically rob him blind in their divorce and that 's why he started doing commercials despite the fact that he hates it ? 
  [ made me think of this scene . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiadhewiay8 ), 
  ah , politicians . 
  yeah , just migrate all of humanity towards the poles . 
  i 'm sure that 'll be a popular idea . 
  i wonder how receptive europe will be towards the idea of southern migrants . 
  i 'm rooting for you iceland !, 
  defeat the english !, 
  the loss of arable land to desertification and rising sealevels is not going to be compensated by a higher cropyield from co2 levels . 
  every village already has it 's fool . 
  to be fair , there 's so many acronymns flying about it 's impossible to keep track of them all . 
  despite what the internet might tell you , i doubt that would 've made any difference . 
  this is misleading . 
  his asylum request was denied and he will not be allowed to stay . 
  it 's already been denied to him . 
  he will not be allowed to stay . 
  oh , for sure . 
  dice are certainly taking liberties in order to appeal to todays market . 
  the fact that the us is one of the major powers in he game while france and russia are left out is certainly a marketing decision in order to better appeal to the much larger us audience . 
  ca n't speak for the female arab warriors , but during ww1 a lot of men where drafted from various colonial holdings . 
  in my head , i 'm now imagining a grumyfinn signing dancing queen . 
  to answer your question , no . 
  i ca n't say i can think of anyone in my social circle that 's actually gotten into trouble for being critical of immigration . 
  i have however seen plenty of missunderstandings where people thing that being against the current immigration policy means i must also hate immigrants . 
  but i would say that in places like at work , politics are something of a hush-hush subject and it 's everyones right to keep who you 're voting for a secret . 
  i have no idea what parties my colleagues favour , it 's really not something you talk about outside friends and family . 
  ** i 'll be going on a bit of a rant here , so you can stop reading whenever really . 
  i 'm mostly typing this to get it out of my mind so that i can get back to work . 
  ** not getting into trouble for such talk , but i remember being with some friends and some friends-of-friends ( so strangers to me ) and the subject turned towards the housing shortage . 
  my logic was this ; housing shortage = demand  supply immigration = population growth . 
  higher population = demand for housing grows . 
  immigration = contributes to housing shortage . 
  then some girl called me racist for it and got really upset about it and me and a friend . 
  i suspect she had n't really been listening and just snapped up the `` immigration is bad '' bit . 
  it 's a bit of a heated subject , so tempers tend to run high when opposing sides argue . 
  she argumed that was that i was merely seeking an excuse to use against immigration as a way to mask my dislike of brown people . 
  i was n't really sure how to refute her claim but i 'm highly doubtful there was anything i could say to convince her otherwise either . 
  she had made up her mind the moment i brought up immigration in a negative context . 
  i think most swedes are pro-immigration as a whole , but i also think that most swedes think we 've taken in more than we can handle and i am certain that most swedes are displeased with how the goverment has been handling this crisis seeing how quickly they turned around . 
  they 've been very slow to react and most think they 've been brushing the problem under the carpet so they can look good and charitable . 
  like , i 'd gladly accept any immigrant who 's willing to adapt to life in sweden and able to find a job within a reasonable amount of time . 
  if that number is 500 , 5 000 , 50 000 a year or whatever - that 's fine . 
  if they can find jobs and contribute to society than they 're more than welcome . 
  problem lies in that we 've for years have been taking in a lot more people than we 've been able to integrate into society and now we 've got a backlog of asylum cases , thousands of people who ca n't get work permits and from this mass , a growing sentiment of displeasure has been forming . 
  kids who do n't bother with school because they figure they 're never going to get a job anyway , parents who ca n't get work permits because the backlog of asylum cases ... thousands of people trapped in the limbo of buerocracy . 
  impatient . 
  bored . 
  restless . 
  naturally that 's a recipe for trouble . 
  we 've got thousands of immigrants and refugees in storage out in the suburbs not even given a chance . 
  we ca n't handle this many and i think it 's absurd that we 've kept taking in more even after the migration department first started shouting that they could n't keep up .
