  or what you write ? 
  noone cares a shit about it , because people have already made up their minds . 
  they believe what they read . 
  and what they want to believe . 
  it makes me angry as a bull . 
  do n't you accuse me of lying about which people are coming into our church . 
  i know that better than the people sitting in macedonia . 
  or in the usa . 
  the priest leans forward looking straight at me . 
  her eyes are filled with tears of rage . 
  ivan stankovic lights another cigarette and starts going through the numbers from the night before . 
  the article that is doing best right now stems from a two year old article in a local texan paper . 
  in it was a quote that , taken out of context , looks sharp . 
  `` the sharia law is greater than the constitution , therefore muslims are above the law . '' in six hours this article has been seen by 16,222 of his followers . 
  2,322 have clicked on the link leading to his home page . 
  yet another smash hit . 
  this does not mean that ivan is without qualm about his new occupation . 
  he thinks about the consequences his article has had in a small community hundreds of miles away where he has never set foot . 
  '' oh , it is not right , for sure . 
  it 's foolish . 
  it 's not ok to blame someone for something they have n't done . 
  but how am i to know what is happening in sweden ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i have n't even had the money to go to skopje the last five years . '' what are your thoughts about yourself spreading lies and blaming muslims ? 
  `` well , what can i say ? 
  of course it 's not good . 
  i have lots of muslim friends , the neighbouring house here is full of them , i feel sorry for their situation in the world right now . 
  but some fool has written that , not me . 
  i have just found a text and passed it on to others . '' ivan sweeps his arm over the room . 
  `` you see how i am living . 
  everything is broken ; there is a draught from the door and from the windows . 
  i want to fix the holes in the wall and paint them , buy a stove that keeps the heat better , be able to drink something else than water here at home . '' he picks up the mobile from beside the ashtray . 
  the phone too , a xiaomi from china for around usd60 , is a result of fake news . 
  it looks as though this is going to be the second consecutive month when ivan will earn more than usd600 after having paid taxes and the web hotel and given his friend his share . 
  he gives half of his earnings to his parents in gratitude for being allowed to go on living at home . 
  and as a birthday present mummy will get a mobile too . 
  `` i 'll show her all the apps and how to set up a profile on facebook so that she can see what my work is about , i have noticed that she is pretty curious about that . '' he stubs out the cigarette in the ashtray thinking ahead a few weeks . 
  `` i think a lot about her smile as she opens the package . 
  that 's why i work . 
  a runaway dog coming back to his owner after several years . 
  a gifted girl dazzling the jury in a talent show . 
  a cartoon where barack obama flushes himself down the toilet . 
  and then an article claiming that nowadays sharia laws are in force in irving , texas . 
  michael in florida loves to share interesting articles with his facebook friends . 
  he found the article about the church in kristianstad particularly good because it showed how ungrateful refugees are : '' the same tolerance and love leftists are screeching at us to extend is never expected from the migrants who illegally cross into our countries , live off our benefits , and demand adherence to their religion and values '' , the article in focus news said . 
  '' the church extended a christian hand to these muslims and they took advantage of it , they rely on christian charity to keep them going '' , says michael . 
  '' i would love to have someone show me that kind of kindness . '' michael says that he began falling ill when he was in the military . 
  his legs and his back got worse and worse and the dream of being sent to vietnam died . 
  he is now living on a combination of social security and disability benefit . 
  he has to make do with just a little more that usd800 a month . 
  `` it 's by the skin of my teeth that i make it . 
  my legs are getting weaker and weaker , still i 've seen one doctor after the other , with cancelled appointments all the time . '' i tell michael of the methadone clinic in kristianstad . 
  about the drug addicts in the railway station . 
  that every one of those who have been close to the incidents denies that it was muslims who peed , defecated and masturbated in the church . 
  `` do n't you think maybe that the people in the church are saying this just to save face ? '' , he muses . 
  `` we have an expression here in the states : if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck -- then it 's a duck . '' what do you mean by that ? 
  `` in this case , more than likely it was infact the muslims who were desecrating the church . 
  and i think that the church people are a bit embarrassed about it and they are trying to blame someone else . 
  to take the heat of the muslims . '' he reflects over the phone . 
  '' and it 's not just sweden . 
  i mean , it 's scary worldwide . 
  i stand behind donald trump for anything he is going to do in this country to rid us of them . 
  as far as the muslims go ... we just need to get rid of them . '' note : the names larsa jonsson , lars `` \u00c5ke '' \u00c5kerman , slagan , jompa and b\u00e4ckstr\u00f6m have been changed . 
  english translation by lars ryding, 
  after a massive storm of criticism facebook now seems to have taken on the issue in a serious way . 
  last december the option for users to report content suspected of being fake was simplified . 
  the piece is then looked into by an external part , specialised in viral vetting . 
  if they find errors the article can be marked as false . 
  at the end of january facebook also announced that they had changed their algorithm to make it suppress false news in the flow , leading to fewer people seeing them . 
  and in germany the company has begun collaborating with a group of investigative journalists ahead of the general election there this autumn . 
  in front of his computer in macedonia ivan stankovic shrugs off his worries . 
  `` they can try to stop this as best they can , but you can always find ways around it . '' he takes a puff at his cigarette . 
  a couple of times so far he has noticed that facebook has managed to suppress the spreading of an article . 
  but how do you decide what is the truth ? 
  many of his articles , such as the one about the church in kristianstad , are not completely taken out of nowhere . 
  people actually have been messing around in the church . 
  then bits are taken away , others added . 
  the end result is a twisted mess . 
  it takes time to sort out what is correct or not . 
  in short : his business is doing better and better . 
  focus news now has close to 200,000 followers on facebook and so far not one single article of his has been flagged as false . 
  he starts work at 10 in the evening , just when the americans on the other side of the globe are coming home from work . 
  he puts a few logs in the old stove , the only heat source in the room . 
  he makes some turkish coffee on the flame from the gas tube , puts on his quilted jacket and two pair of socks . 
  then he starts fishing for content . 
  he has five , six favourite pages from which he nicks most of his stories . 
  they have writers who know how to spin a story . 
  these sites have names such as freedom daily and conservative fighters . 
  ivan does n't care what the articles are about . 
  he looks only at the numbers . 
  `` this one is for sure false '' , he says opening an article from the site mad world news . 
  `` but it has gotten 200 likes and 28 shares in a short time . 
  this one is popular . 
  that means it is a good article . 
  so i copy it and i post it on my site . '' he found the story about the masturbating and drug-using muslims here , precisely , on mad world news , an anti-islamic site whose writers pose with weapons declaring their will to '' fight back against the liberal media '' by reporting '' the stories that the mainstream media ignores . '' they referred to free times but had twisted the article a whole lot . 
  even if bloody syringes were mentioned in this text , the bit about drug addiction had been brushed off . 
  instead politically motivated actions were described , some of them completely made up : '' aside from leaving their offensive bodily fluids everywhere , the migrants scream islamic chants and smash liquor bottles on the floor in an attempt to silence christian worshippers from praying to god . '' and more : '' when churches open their doors to the heathen religion of islam , they are inviting in the very ideology that commands their death for not bowing down to their false god . '' ivan stankovic laughs in front of the computer . 
  `` drug addicts in the church is n't very exciting , is it ? 
  so i guess they changed it to muslims to make the article more popular . 
  it 's as simple as that . '' and it did become popular .
