  folks also seem to ignore that the migration wave has trickled down into nothing and sweden implemented some of the harshest immigration laws in europe a few months back . 
  2015 might 've seen 160 000 asylum * seekers * ( which is not the same as * accepted * ) , but 2016 saw only 30 000 and 2017 is predicted have even less . 
  my personal opinion is that we should be accepting the absolute bare minimum untill we can deal with the current problems and work through the backlog of unfinished errands , because a lot of the problems today are caused by the growing frustation that comes from people just not knowing if they 'll be allowed to stay or not . 
  there 's of course more reasons than that , but right now , we 've bitten off more than we can chew . 
  you 're missing out . 
  shrimp on pizza is delicious . 
  you still are littlebrother , you still are . 
  in some countries , a husband can not be convicted of rape if the victim is his wife . 
  in sweden , forcibly inserting a finger would be count as rape - in another country this might just be sexual assault because their lawbook says it 's not rape unless you do it with your penis . 
  different countries count different things . 
  the legal defenition of rape differs from country to country , thus , the numbers differ . 
  swedish law has a very broad defenition of rape , so it casts a wide net and thus , catches more numbers . 
  another example would be that those are reported rapes , not actual commited ones - so things like false accusations are still counted here . 
  a woman could report that 5 guys attacked her and raped her thrice each . 
  some would count this as 1 rape , sweden would file it as 15 . 
  then it turns out she made the whole thing up . 
  still counts as 15 . 
  statistics is not just about looking at the numbers . 
  the numbers are pointless if you do n't understand where they 're comming from and what makes them differ . 
  edit : hell , north korea could go out and report 0 cases of rape since the great leader took over . 
  that would make north korea amongst the safest places on earth . 
  except well all know that would be bullshit . 
  again , look into where the numbers are comming from , how they 're collected and make sure that you 're actually counting the same thing and in the same way . 
  then you can make an accurate comparisson . 
  actually , the liberals are usually part of the opposition-coalition and only really have any say because of their cooperation with the other right leaning parties ( like the center party or the moderates , the liberal party themselves are quite small ) . 
  the usual suspects when it comes to powerstruggles within swedish politics are between the moderates ( who are somewhat conservative by our standards ) and the socialdemocrats . 
  you 're not going to be very accurate if you try and label swedish parties using the terms thrown around in the us . 
  hell , you folks use * socialist * and * liberal * as an insult for crying out loud . 
  thankfully we 're moving office in march , with a much nicer view . 
  http://i.imgur.com/s4fkljr.jpg not the most interesting view . 
  syringes . 
  on the other side of the church there is a clinic for heroin addicts who sometimes shoot up their dose of methadone in there . 
  the church plate . 
  a known addict was caught red-handed as he was trying to slip a silver candelabrum into a plastic bin bag . 
  urine . 
  difficult to tell . 
  judging from the stench it seems lots of people have been pissing in the church through the years . 
  so , the most dramatic incident then , the one that is described , in ivan 's article , as an attempted kidnapping carried out by a migrant . 
  it turns out to be the same person who was carrying the big knife during lena bruce 's sermon . 
  born in the south of sweden . 
  he is feeling better nowadays . 
  attended church last time on christmas eve happily cheering the priest . 
  well . 
  ca n't there be more people involved here after all ? 
  i speak to g\u00f6ran svensson , local policeman in kristianstad . 
  `` we have deprived areas here as well '' , he says . 
  `` they are above all gamleg\u00e5rden and charlottsborg , where we have problems with young immigrant boys , drug trafficking and also fireworks being fired at emergency service personnel . 
  no use trying to hide that . 
  but regarding the church we are talking serious addicts . '' ca n't these groups overlap ? 
  `` of course they can . 
  an immigrant can become a drug addict . 
  but i can say that i do n't know many here with that background who are heavy addicts . 
  a handful , at the most . 
  to be on the safe side i request to see all police reports concerning the holy trinity church during the past two years , looking for traces of muslims there too . 
  the closest i get is a control of two individuals , carried out outside the church in july 2016 . 
  `` 2 addict type of guys '' it says in the protocol . 
  `` one red sweater . 
  the other african , hoodie . '' the police leave them without further proceedings . 
  on second thought . 
  one more incident . 
  the poo . 
  `` foreigners should not be blamed for that '' , says carola stridh at the station . 
  `` of course there are immigrants in this borough , but here in the town centre it is pretty white . 
  i have n't seen any gypsies here in a long time , a few beggars sleeping or so , as the case may be in many other swedish towns . 
  no , it is us , the swedes . '' carola says that she knows who did the crapping . 
  `` he was in a psychosis . 
  a lot can happen then . 
  it was n't at all about desecrating the church or being rude or something . 
  it 's his brain that 's not working . 
  this guy is banned everywhere ; from the shelter , from the station . 
  i have been with him to the psychiatric emergency room , they also push him away . '' she gives a faint smile . 
  `` anyway he is swedish , living in kristianstad . 
  i want to add that since that is what we are talking about . '' pia j\u00f6nsson leans on her crutch , thinking . 
  `` why is it so important to you who did what ? '' now , that 's a good question . 
  there will hardly be less poo for caretaker g\u00f6ran kjell to hose off whether it is a christian or a muslim who has defecated . 
  and maybe it is also a problem that this text differentiates between people and people ? 
  the priest lena bruce has the same worries . 
  ever since they first saw the rumours flying through the net the parish has vigorously denied that the troubles have had anything to do with immigration or refugee policies . 
  but that also mean they have to point out other groups . 
  `` here we have people who have been in the church . 
  and then we were caught up in a discussion where we have been forced to sort out for each and everyone who these people were . 
  what colour was their skin ? 
  did they speak swedish or not ? 
  were they blonde ? 
  or did they have dark skin -- a discussion that actually should not have been necessary to hold . '' the priest is agitated now . 
  `` i have not met with all of those who have been messing about in our church , but i have met some of them . 
  they are not immigrants . 
  they are not muslims . 
  they are not refugees . 
  they are swedes by birth , nothing else . 
  that 's ... that 's how it is ... 
  i will not budge a millimetre . '' many people would say that you are covering something up . 
  `` why would i be lying ? 
  why would i say something that is not true ? '' because you do not dare to tell the truth . 
  `` holy moses !, 
  that makes me raging crazy , really . 
  i can not sit here and twist the truth just to please people . 
  to please the population . 
  listen , now i am really angry . '' lena 's voice is cracking . 
  `` i am wondering ... does it really matter what i say ?
