  lena bruce has been a parish priest for seventeen years , especially appreciated for her spiritual guidance , her talent for talking both to the frail and to the strong . 
  but in the last few years even she has begun to grow tired of everything that the church has had to put up with . 
  `` i was giving a sermon '' , she says , `` it must have been last spring . 
  i had already started to be annoyed by two men who were clearly quite drunk , both of them . 
  one of them leaned forward , his jacket opened and under it he had an enormous knife . 
  and i sort of just felt ... help !, 
  in the middle of my sermon ! '' the man never turned violent and could be led out of the church , but this and similar incidents have forced the parish to reconsider its open attitude . 
  in the passage by the balcony steps , on the way to the toilet , the sharp smell of urine confronts the priest . 
  piss that has dried into the 400 year-old brick floor . 
  the fact that the toilet is locked when the church is unmanned does apparently not stop some people from relieving themselves in here . 
  both number one and number two . 
  `` over there someone had deposited a really big one '' , says the caretaker g\u00f6ran kjell who was the one who had to hose down the poo . 
  `` it was n't , so to say , in solid form but it was ... well , someone had serious digestive problems . '' the interior space of the church is lovely . 
  the giant chandelier , a gift from general ulfeldt , son-in-law to the danish king . 
  the organ , with more than 3,000 pipes , ordered from holstein , germany . 
  the altar , with a height of 15 feet , from amsterdam . 
  under the wooden pews , with carvings of snakes and fish , g\u00f6ran kjell has in the last years found bloody syringes , and cleaned away broken booze bottles . 
  and it was there , in the north pew quarter that a man lay one morning a couple of years ago . 
  he wore a jacket , his penis sticking out . 
  `` there were two lady policemen trying to shake some life into him , the caretaker remembers . 
  they tried to talk to him but of course that was not possible , he was so into his own . '' g\u00f6ran kjell laughs at the memory . 
  `` it took a while to pry loose his hands . 
  that 's how high he was . 
  right out in the mist , kind of . '' the kristianstad railway station is just 50 metres from the wooden doors of the church , on the other side of the street v\u00e4stra boulevarden . 
  in the waiting room pia j\u00f6nsson is leaning on her crutch . 
  fragments of mascara around her friendly eyes , dirt under her nails , painted in lilac . 
  on the floor a family candy pack of coconut snowballs . 
  and beer , 10,2 per cent alcohol . 
  sitting by her side is larsa jonssson , his nose swollen red and with a leather jacket under a neon-coloured quilted ski jacket . 
  `` both pia and i are often at the church warming ourselves a bit . 
  my problem is that i snore , when i get started it echoes all over the place . '' `` yes , it 's crazy '' , pia says with a laugh . 
  more friends are here , waiting for the shelter in n\u00e4sby to open for the night . 
  carola stridh is taking a nap with her jacket covering her head . 
  and lars `` \u00c5ke '' \u00c5kerman is sitting by the sliding doors casually setting fire to a kinder egg . 
  the plastic fumes dance away towards espresso house . 
  the parish director , bengt alvland , is sitting in his office overlooking the church and its surroundings . 
  `` for us it has been completely ok that our regular homeless people , those who used to hang around the station , have gone to the church to warm themselves . 
  they have even been served buns and coffee in connection with the services . 
  but all of a sudden there are new ones coming ... '' he points out the window . 
  on the other side of the church , as seen from the station , there is a newly opened clinic . 
  for more than a year heroin addicts have been coming there to legally receive methadone and be helped with their illness . 
  `` as the clinic opened we began to see people we had not seen in church before and they were much rowdier than our old homeless people . 
  more lost minds , stronger forms of addiction . '' bengt has been talking to the local police , who have the same view : the mess in the church is largely due to a new stream of addicts who come in to town to collect their daily ration . 
  `` our aim is to have an open church where you can come in to have a moment with god '' , says bengt . 
  but we certainly do not want people to be afraid of coming to our church so therefore we were obliged to do something . '' the parish wants to have guards who can be present at services and christenings and patrol the church when necessary . 
  for that they need a permit from the police in the major city of malm\u00f6 . 
  in september 2016 bengt alvland sits down to compile all the incidents that have occurred in the last years . 
  he describes the most dramatic one ; a couple of years ago , at a christening , an intoxicated man ran up and tried to take away the baby . 
  but also that someone tried to steal the church plate ; that people have set fire to a programme folder in the candle holder ; people pushing their way forward to take all the biscuits after the service ; and , of course , all this with masturbation , poo and syringes . 
  it is a perfect little story : excrement and masturbation in the house of god . 
  of course there is a call from the local newspaper . 
  who are the people who behave so badly in a church ? 
  asks the reporter from kristianstadsbladet of course , bengt alvland does not quite know that . 
  to many of the incidents there are no witnesses , but he still wants to describe the development , as he sees it , in connection with the opening of the new methadone clinic . 
  as is often the case when someone is guessing or is a bit sweeping in formulating a sentence , the result is not quite clear . 
  and it is probably pretty much right here that the ball is put in motion . 
  let 's therefore quote the exact words from the piece that kristianstadsbladet posted on its website on 7th december 2016 . 
  `` bengt alvland does not know who these disrupting persons are '' , it says . 
  `` he says that they are not the usual homeless people , known to the staff , but ` a new clientele ' . '' then the normal sequence of events when a piece of news sticks out unfolds . 
  the article is quoted by the national news agency tt , as well as the evening papers aftonbladet and expressen . 
  it appears on public service television svt in the evening . 
  some xenophobic sites also pick it up . 
  they are posting quotes that are correct per se , but to many readers it is clear that `` a new clientele '' means something else than what mr alvland meant . 
  `` the mass invasion now appears in more grotesque forms than ever , disrespectful apes '' is one of the comments on nordfront , the campaign organisation for the nordic resistance movement . 
  `` just as i thought that the gypsies could n't sink lower ... '' writes another . 
  `` if we take another christian country , poland for example , they would have dragged the gypsies out and given them a thorough beating . '' fria tider ( free times ) has already in its headline : ``' new clientele ' crap and masturbate in church ''' . 
  it is this very article that the anti-islamic site mad world news in the usa is referring to as they soon twist the story towards non-recognition . 
  / r/sweden is okay with this arrangement . 
  here , i bolded the part you seem to have overlooked :  they 're ** probably ** racist xenophobic bigots . 
  atleast you got the last bit right . 
  looks like you 've got your work cut out for you . 
  i think you 're thinking of k\u00e5ldolmar . 
  edit : and incase i 'm wrong , we stole them first . 
  they 're ours . 
  wait . 
  shit . 
  they were ours to begin with . 
  it 's only fair . 
  only because you send it rolling down hillsides . 
  * especially * in sweden - and especially by foreigners . 
  you make a good point . 
  turns out it 's pretty hard to keep track of when you 're crossing an invisible border when travelling at a few hundred kilometres an hour . 
  i 'm pretty sure that locals find tourists annoying everywhere no matter where they 're standing . 
  we did what we could to help when we thought we could get away with it . 
  we caved in when we thought we could n't . 
  that 's really all there is too it . 
  sweden ruled that norweigean ships in swedish ports belonged to the goverment in exile , not the quisling goverment . 
  sweden trained norweigian soldiers and equipped them under the guise of being policemen . 
  sweden smuggled ball bearings to england for use in fighter engines . 
  oh , sweden was also far more reliant on trade with germany than the other way around - especially once germany gained access to the iron deposits in elsass-lothringen . 
   where ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  the green area is actually two boxes , there 's a small gap between them . 
  i think belgium is the third wheel in the netherlands-finland relationship . 
  it 's complicated . 
  there 's still ww2 survivors alive , the war ended in ' 45 , so someone who was 15 in '39 would be 98 today . 
  what i meant however was that the folks who started the war are all gone - the folks who 're around and can tell us about it where young when the war raged and for the most part , it was generation before them called the shots . 
  it depends on the context really , but i do n't think it 's right to recompense for something where the ones responsible are all dead . 
   we lost territories as well , remember ? 
  to the soviets .
