  i can sit at home and make money and even have a smoke at the same time . '' almost six months ago a friend from secondary school knocked on the basement door . 
  there were rumours that ivan had a modern computer . 
  the friend claimed that one could make money by posting articles about american politics on the net . 
  `` i told him to go fuck himself '' , ivan laughs . 
  `` do you think i 'm a kid who believes everything ? 
  i was sure he was just making fun of me . '' after finishing school ivan had been spending his time on temporary jobs , doing gardening in a park , helping his father in his carpentry . 
  he worked without pay for three months in a shoemaker 's workshop on a promise to get paid from the fourth , but when the time came he was apparently not needed anymore . 
  now his friend sat down in front of the computer and showed him a programme which could be used for making money from net ads . 
  the model is simple : you set up a website with , say , health advice . 
  the programme arranges so that enterprises that want to sell lotions or herbal teas put their ads on your page . 
  you earn money to the extent people click on the adverts . 
  you get most money from the americans , who have a greater purchasing power . 
  a click from usa can be three times more valuable than one from belgium or south africa . 
  during the late summer a rumour had been flying around among the boys of kumanovo : you could get lots of americans to read your articles if you wrote about the presidential candidate trump . 
  some people loved him . 
  others hated him . 
  they all clicked . 
  ivan and his friend gathered some money , bought a domain and started watching instructions on youtube about how to build a website . 
  ivan picked the name from focus , an action movie starring will smith that he had just seen . 
  and then another word to show what the home page was about . 
  that sounded serious and american enough . 
  the macedonian troll industry was built in the town veles , an industrial community climbing the ravines of the river vardar 's long valley . 
  the black smoke from the smelting plant in the north , where zinc and lead has been produced for thirty years , has stuck on the walls and dressed the town in sticky grey . 
  around the turn of the millennium the world health organization listed the long valley as one of the world 's most polluted areas . 
  the local population have protested to make sure the metal works remain closed . 
  jobs are not much worth when the soil can not be used for growing food and children are beginning to be born with deformities . 
  instead one out of three citizens in veles is without income . 
  in the schoolyard of the koco racin school a small gang is standing smoking , waiting for their geography lesson to begin . 
  `` here there are 600 students '' , says a guy with a fur collar and a thin moustache . 
  `` the girls are not so interested but there are easily 100 guys , just here in this school , who run websites . 
  i have two myself . '' slagan , a 16 year old with braces , heard about fake news in the beginning of the summer . 
  `` there are two brothers who are a few years older than we are . 
  i was told that one of them had been to the maldives on vacation . 
  the other one bought a bmw . 
  things like that stick out in such a small town . 
  the rumour about them became viral here in veles . 
  then i had a friend who , in the beginning of the autumn , tested posting some lie about hillary clinton . 
  he received almost usd550 in one single day !, 
  that 's when i started too . '' `` it 's so simple '' , the guy with a moustache says smiling . 
  '' you do n't even have to bother about how the page looks . 
  you just start posting stuff . 
  some who do this can hardly speak english , the only thing you need to know is how to cut and paste . '' it was the macedonian paper meta that in the spring of 2016 was first to notice that six home pages filled with lies about american politics were registered at addresses in veles . 
  when the american magazine buzzfeed continued the investigation this turned out to be just the tip of an iceberg . 
  towards the winter at least 140 pages could be linked to the polluted industrial town . 
  they all had names that were supposed to feel american and trustworthy : usa daily politics , us conservative today , or world politicus . 
  some actually tried to borrow credibility from established media giants , like ny times politics and nbc info . 
  the sites from veles seem to have had an impact on the final stage of the election campaign in the us . 
  their power did not emanate from producing the texts -- that was almost always done by someone else -- but in how clever they were at spreading the articles in social media . 
  let 's take a concrete example . 
  in the end of october 2016 the macedonian site conservative state posted a piece about how hillary clinton a few years earlier had wished that donald trump would run for president because businessmen like him are '' very honest '' and `` ca n't be bought . '' within a week or so almost half a million americans reacted to the article on facebook by sharing , commenting and clicking . 
  it did not seem to matter that the news piece originally came from an american satirical site and that clinton , in her quote , never mentioned donald trump . 
  many times the articles that have the greatest impact are those that are the most trolled . 
  the claim that the pope supported the trump candidacy , for example : totally taken out of the blue . 
  or that vice president mike pence should have called michelle obama `` the most vulgar first lady we 've ever had . '' pieces of news made up by americans , shrewdly spread by macedonians with a good internet connection . 
  the boys in the schoolyard have seen it clearly . 
  you do n't need to be afraid of twisting stories . 
  quite the reverse . 
  `` sometimes it 's hard to understand how people can believe this stuff , says slagan with a laugh . 
  `` that obama has joined isis and things like that . 
  totally stupid things . 
  but people click on them . '' `` we make a lot of money lying '' , says the friend with the fur collar . 
  `` i do n't care about donald trump or hillary clinton or any other politician . 
  i just want to make some money . '' they both laugh and pick up their backpacks . 
  `` we are kids and we earn more than the grown-ups around here ! '' at first the founder of facebook dismissed the criticism . 
  `` personally i think the idea that fake news on facebook , which is a very small part of the content , influenced the election in any way -- i think is a pretty crazy idea '' , mark zuckerberg said at a seminar in california days after donald trump had been elected president of the united states . 
  in the summer of 2016 pew research center , which continuously gauges the net habits of the american people , had found that social media seriously had started to challenge tv , radio and newspapers as a source of news . 
  now 62 per cent said that they got their news from facebook , twitter or instagram . 
  naturally that put facebook in the line of fire . 
  a company that has always been stressing that it is a tech company , hardly publicists , had turned into one of the prime conveyors of news in the usa . 
  was this really the promise of the democratic web ? 
  the algorithms of a company helping people to lock themselves inside their own digital bubbles ? 
  bubbles that were now filled with pure lies dressed up as journalism ? 
  stories from inside the facebook hq in palo alto were beginning to leak , where members of staff claimed that they had for a long time noticed the spread of fake news and had tried to alert the top management , but with no response . 
  edit : * ( the article is 39 000 characters long , so you can find the rest as chain replies to this message ) * ** from this basement came a piece of fake news about who had desecrated a church in sweden ** someone has masturbated in a church in kristianstad . 
  there is poo and used syringes on the floor . 
  the parish blames drug addicts -- but in the us a different tale is shared with millions on facebook . 
  m\u00e5ns mosesson tells the story of how a piece of fake news spread across the world from a shabby basement room in macedonia . 
  getting out of bed before dawn is a bad habit he is trying to quit . 
  but what to do when you 're already awake ? 
  so , as the sun begins to gleam in the shared pool in the residential area the brittany in florida , the former computer repair man michael grabs his walker and goes to the living room . 
  he pours some coffee and starts going through his feed . 
  he does n't trust cnn , nor cbs or nbc any longer . 
  but on facebook he has some of his favourite sources . 
  this morning the site focus news has posted a frightening piece of news . 
  it is about a church on the other side of the atlantic . 
  '' when the church of the holy trinity in kristianstad , sweden embraced a group of muslim asylum seekers , they were shocked to find that the islamists took advantage of their generosity in the sickest ways '' , it says . 
  the piece tells the story of a gullible parish that lets refugees stay in their church until they discover that '' the muslims they gave food , shelter , and love were not only destroying the church property but were relentlessly urinating , defecating , and masturbating in the pews . '' the story becomes popular ; it is soon shared on facebook pages with over 10 million followers . 
  as i call michael he can still recall how outraged he was . 
  `` you do not desecrate a house of god '' , he says . 
  `` the muslims hate the christians , ok ? 
  that 's all islam is , it 's politics . 
  it 's not a religion , alright , although they want you to believe that . 
  they have said they are going to take over the world . 
  if you look in the koran , i do n't know where , but if you open the koran you 'll find that it 's there too . '' over 12.000 americans see the article from focus news , many of them adding a comment . 
  `` demons from hell '' , writes a texan with a puppy on her profile picture . 
  `` send them back to their own country !!!!, 
  ! '' , adds joan . 
  sandra , a mother of two : `` sickening if it is true , and like others have said , would not doubt it . '' but were there really no reasons for doubt ? 
  the holy trinity church rises proudly over the roofs of kristianstad 's inner city . 
  in the summer busloads of germans and dutch people come here to admire what is considered to be one of europe 's best-preserved renaissance temples built of stone in 1628 by king christian iv of denmark .
