  that said , we 've been taking in immigrants since ww2 and we 're pretty well off for it . 
  i have no doubt that in time we 'll be able to sort out our current mess - but it does require we cut down on our current intake . 
  we are , but i do n't know if we 're doing enough - but then again , my job is drawing blueprints for the railroad , it 's not politics , social studies , economy , law or whatnot . 
  i 'll be the first to say that i do n't know what our limit it , but we 've been exceeding it for some time . 
  there 's a nugget of truth to it , but i think it 's alot beause the people who actually belive that is what sweden is really like will lift forward every example of this that they hear about and then it 's shared far and wide and suddenly to them , the one-off case or extreme sounds like it 's the norm when it 's really not . 
  like , when some feminist comes with the idea of man-shaming the men who sit with spread legs on public transportation taking up more space than the women on the bus or so called man-spreading . 
  the internet seems to have failed to notice that said feminist got tons of ridicule within sweden aswell . 
  yes , we 're a very liberal country . 
  yes , we 're usually very accepting when it comes to gay , bi or transgenders - but do n't think for a moment that we ca n't say `` that 's silly '' when some feminist starts a blog because she feels oppressed by men who spread their legs so not to have to feel sticky sweaty balls clinging to their thighs on the bus . 
  but even dumb ideas can get a following and even a small following can have a large footprint on the internet . 
  the internet is also notoriously bad at accepting that they 've been wrong . 
  perhaps you 've seen the picture of ` swedens fastest 10 year old ' or whatever and it 's a picture of a muslim looking man running along with a bunch of schoolchildren . 
  the internet raged at how this obvious refugee had claimed to be of young age to get special privileges when seeking asylum . 
  turns out that the man in that picture was a teachers aide , he ran with the children because it was part of his job and someone had just snapped a picture of him , given it a caption and the internet just ate that shit right up because that 's what they wanted to think . 
  now that the truth is out , people are still using that picture as an example of how migrants are abusing the system . 
  does n't matter if you 've shown them to be wrong if you 've shown them that their sources are false or faulty . 
  they 've made up their minds and they 'll actively pursue more media that confirms what they belive to further confirm the fact that their thinking is the right . 
  remember the australian 60 minutes crew being attacked ? 
  turns out they 've got a history of provoking shit to make a story - throw in some editing and they 've got the scoop they wanted - which draws in the viewers they need . 
  but tldr : it 's not half as bad as the internet makes it out to be . 
  but every village has it 's fool . 
  in the past that fool would shout nonsense at the town square - today they 've got access to the internet and can be heard far and wide . 
  it 's not shameful at all , most of the facts you read about sweden on the internet are made up in america afterall . 
  3rd biggest earthquake ever recorded . 
  they just opened a humongous coal power plant outside hamburg . 
  nah , walls are overrated . 
  oh look , yet another reddit account that only participates by posting articles like this one . 
  it 'll take more than this to destroy our nation , regardless what / pol / and others claim . 
  educate yourself . 
  http://www.assabile.com/a/date-first-day-ramadan-beginning-ramadan-2  the first day of ramadan 2016/1437 will be on the 7 june 2016 ( more or less one day ) . 
   ramadan begins on monday june 6th 2016 in the following countries : notice how sweden is not in that list . 
  ramadan also follows the muslim calendar , which means it moves every year on the calendar we use here in the west . 
  if the days happend to align , it 's merely a coincidence caused by two different calendar systems . 
  no you do n't . 
  that is gustaf i. 
  in civ5 , you meet gustaf ii adolf . 
  better . 
  the swedish housing bubble is n't going to pop like a balloon , it 'll be more like a leaking tire . 
  someone asked in the last thread about this tunnel how they could justify the expense of building it . 
  here 's a pretty good reason . 
   goods currently carried on the route by a million lorries a year will go by train instead . 
  * any swede who signed up for it . 
  `` the muslims did it ! '', 
  aside ; the law was changed a few years ago , broadening the defenition of what constitutes as rape under the law . 
  thus , a crime that previously might 've been labeled as sexual harassment , assault or something along those lines would now be filed as rape . 
  this is one of the reasons the numbers are going up . 
  how much of the increase is because of the changes in the law ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i doubt anyone can tell with certainty . 
  as always , remember the quote `` there are three kinds of lies : lies , damned lies , and statistics . '', 
  it 's easy to throw numbers around to create a message , especially in this day and age when people read a headline , skim through the article and seldom look at the source of the data . 
  there might be other reasons for the increase in these numbers , i honestly do n't know . 
  i wo n't deny that the recent level of immigration has caused problems , but it would be completely unfair to blame everything on immigration as some love to do . 
  instructions unclear ; voted yes to russian annexation . 
  there 's also some furniture that 's going to last for decades even if you buy cheap stuff - bookshelves for instance . 
  i do n't know how many years i 've had mine , but they certainly do n't look like they 'll be collapsing anytime soon . 
  it 's about getting the ball into motion . 
  every little bit helps . 
  the man who moves a mountain begins with the small rocks . 
  do n't look at the traveltime of a single train . 
  this is very likely going to be a very heavily trafficked route . 
  one hour per train saved , one hour per passenger . 
  how many passengers on a train ? 
  how many manhours end up being saved ? 
  how many more will take the train under the mountains vs flying over them ? 
  in addition , trains are bad climbers , freight trains in particular . 
  a tunnel with controlled elevation could allow for longer and heavier trains to travel this route . 
  you can also consider what it would 've cost to go around the mountains . 
  how many smaller tunnels , how many bridges would have to be built instead ? 
  how many houses and structures would have to be demolished to make way ? 
  how much farmland would have to be bought up ? 
  how many farmers would have to be reimbursed for the future crops they no longer have the space to grow ? 
  how many level crossings - how big of an impact would this have had on the regular road traffic along the route ? 
  enviromental impact ? 
  nature preserves or other protected areas like historical sites in the way ? 
  there 's just so many things that could effect the project . 
  there 's no simpler answer , but this was a huge build . 
  i think it 's safe to assume that an army of engineers , geologists , economists and various specialists spent many workhours figuring out that in the end , a tunnel was the best option . 
  you ca n't really compare two tables counting numbers if the methods of gathering the numbers , the very defenition of what should count as said number is different aswell a number of other factors which will flaw the comparisson . 
  spouting that mantra over and over just means you do n't understand statistics well enough to do an actual comparison . 
  there are lies , damned lies and there are statistics . 
  a passenger train going 200km/h needs about 1200m of track to come to a full stop . 
  these numbers are rough since there 's a lot of factors that can affect this , but atleast take to heart that trains take a long time to stop once they get rolling . 
  by the time you spot the truck , it 's already too late . 
  especially if you 're slow to react since 200km/h is ~ 55 metres per second . 
  one ill-timed sneeze and you might be 150-250m further up the track before you 've got your eyes back on the track infront of you . 
  but the general rule of thumb for trains at travel speed is that if you break because of something you see , it 's already too late . 
  unless they 're travelling at slow speeds , it 's impossible for them to break in time for something the driver spots . 
  just how much time do you think he had from seeing the truck and springing into action ? 
  that would likely require him to stay in said cabin . 
  the contact surface of a trainwheel is much smaller than most people realise - each trainwheel actually only has a contact surface about the size of your thumbnail . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ibgrm6i.png note that the wheels on a train do n't have a flat contact surface like the tires of a car do - and rubber tires will change shape with the weight of the vehicle and the surface it 's connected too aswell which creates yet more friction . 
  tires are also much much wider than trainwheels , so even if only a small part of the wheel actually touches the ground , a tire is much wider than the trainwheel . 
  on flat surfaces , a train going in 200km/h will need around 1.2 km of tracks to come to full stop , but there 's alot of variables that come into play such as the drivers reaction time ( 200km/h is 55,55 m/s - if you 're distracted and it takes you 3 seconds to spot the truck you 've already 165 metres further up the track ) , terrain elevation , the temperate of the tracks , are there leaves on the track ( these kinda get squashed into lubricant between wheel and track ) , wind ... 
  trains also tend to travel faster than cars while weighing a lot more - so they need to shed a lot more energy in order to reduce their speed - this while not having very favourable conditions to do so . 
  i doubt sabaton would be very happy to hear people are interpreting their lyrics for this context . 
  in the case of the ikea killer the only thing he accomplished is that he 'll get years in prison before he gets deported . 
  [ for you . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/64094i/swedish_reports_say_a_truck_has_driven_into_a/dfydnmb/ ), 
  did you actually tell that from the picture , or was that something you had decided before opening it ?
