  germany had pretty much no say in what happened - their surrender was unconditional . 
   stop blabbing about it like we won lotto you asshole ah , argumentum ad hominem !, 
  again , germany paid reparations to the soviets . 
  15 % of that was paid to the soviets was then to be transfered to poland . 
  that was stalins suggestion and what was decided at the potsdam conference . 
  then we also have this issue of the communist people 's republic of poland announcing that it would unilaterally waive it 's rights to war reparations from east germany on the 23rd of august 1953 . 
  but in the end , the only things that matters here is that earlier this year the german goverment stated that the reparations issue was resolved in 1953 when poland declined receiving any payments from germany and as far as i 've been able to determine , that that included both germanies . 
  now i know there 's talk in poland regarding the legality of the 1953 announcement seeing as it was practically order from moscow . 
  but since you keep insisting that russia had nothing to do with it i do n't think it 'll do me any good to bring that up . 
   yes , i know , silly slavs , should stfu , let wise germanic people rule them and be happy to have good masters / s now who 's spouting bullshit hmm ? 
  quit belittling yourself . 
  quit insinuating that 's what anyone here actually thinks . 
  you 're better than that . 
  poland has plenty to be proud of for what they 've achived in rebuilding both since the war and the end of soviet puppetmastering . 
  that is my honest opinion ; i saw collecton of before/after pictures showing 1980 's poland and modern warzawa here on reddit not too long ago and quite frankly , i think it 's amazing what 's been accomplished . 
  anyhow , i 've enjoyed our little talk , but since you 've started resorting to insults i 'm going to have to bow out here . 
  you go enjoy the rest of your day . 
  i 'm out . 
  i 'm well aware of that , but it was not germany that excluded you and many other nations affected by the war from the peacetalks , that was the allied powers . 
  you 'll have to bring up your complaints with stalin , truman and churchill . 
  the allied powers decided that you should recieve large swathes of german territory and 15 % of the reparations paid to the soviets . 
  are you going to insist on willfully ignoring that bit ? 
  how far back are we going to open the whole war reparation can anyway ? 
  swedish deluge ? 
  crusade of varna ? 
  time of troubles ? 
  mongol invasions ? 
  and lets not forget , germany amonst others - a contributor to the eu has been pouring money into poland for many years . 
  but i suppose that 's not worth anything either . 
  if it 's agreed that dieter pays 300 $ to ivan , ivan is then supposed to give 45 $ of those 300 $ to eliaz but does n't , why is eliaz asking dieter for the money ? 
  of course it 's got something to do with russia , or did the decades of being a soviet puppet state erase all mention of the molotov-ribbentrop pact and the '39 division of poland ? 
  and again ;  stalin proposed and it was accepted that poland was to be excluded from division of german compensation , to be later granted 15 % of compensation given to soviet union . 
   but i forgot , france is not racist hellhole like poland . 
  / s again , your words . 
  not mine . 
  quit insinuating that 's what i think . 
  of course it 's valid . 
  the terms of german war reparations in ww1 where agreed upon at the treaty of versailles to include war reparations to france . 
  the potsdam conference of 1945 did not include war reparations to poland aside from this bit here ;  war reparations to the soviet union from their zone of occupation in germany were agreed . 
  it was also agreed that 10 % of the industrial capacity of the western zones unnecessary for the german peace economy should be transferred to the soviet union within 2 years . 
  stalin proposed and it was accepted that poland was to be excluded from division of german compensation , to be later granted 15 % of compensation given to soviet union . 
  sounds like you should 've recieved 15 % of what the soviets got - from the soviets . 
  so again , why are you arguing about germany while avoiding my question of why you 're not asking the russians for anything ? 
  well then , i guess that settles the matter !, 
  you want money for crimes comitted by a country that no longer exists , crimes comitted before you where born and you want them paid for by a people who only know of said crimes from their historybooks . 
  i suppose you also think that the soviets should pay reparations ? 
  i remember reading about them playing a part in polands non-existance in ' 39 . 
  the living germans from that time are not the ones paying taxes today . 
  the folks responsible for ruining your grandmothers life wo n't be the ones paying war reparations - you 're asking their grandchildren and their great grandchilderen to so do ; folks who had no part in the attrocities of the war . 
  then i 'm going to say no . 
  because muscovy does n't exist anymore . 
  generations have passed . 
  it 's not the same country , but at best a successorstate and everyone involved or resonsible for the actions committed during those times are nothing but dust and bones at this point . 
  yes , that 's the question i was asking you . 
  i 'm asking you . 
  can russia seek reparations for the polish invasion of muscovy in 1605 ? 
  so poland is demanding reparations for crimes commited against it during a time when it did n't exist ? 
  you got a whole bunch of previously german territory after the war ? 
  housing prices are on the rise because people are buying summer homes . 
  it 's a growing problem in mallorca and other places . 
  i assume lisbon is in a similar situation . 
  how is it stupid to hold on to experienced personell ? 
  so some american comes to sweden and raises kids in a wierd way and somehow it 's swedens fault ? 
  s\u00c4po and f\u00f6rsvarsmakten are not to blame for transportstyrelsens miss . 
  would anyone like that ? 
  so , are you saying they should 've built another prison just for him because the ones they 've got are too comfortable ? 
  usually it 's the papers doing it . 
  whenever there 's a newsdraught you get the `` the top 100 earners in your town ! '', 
  headline . 
  it was romania that declared war on the central powers in ww1 . 
  the original picture is of a middle eastern guy and the poster says behead those who insult islam . 
  sounds like a plan too complex for a nation that ca n't even manage it '' s own butter production . 
  hah , jokes on you !, 
  everyone in stockholm already is a rotten egg !, 
  the whole article is complete bullshit anyway . 
  it 's one woman and her blog . 
  there are no investors , no bands lined up , no venue ... no nothing . 
  it 's basically an idea that got some traction in social media . 
  that 's is . 
  how this is even making headlines is baffling . 
  `` sweden plans '' please . 
  it 's just one woman and her blog . 
  we did plenty to help the allies . 
  about as much as the people in charge though we could get away with really . 
  smuggled ball bearings used for british fighter engines , not recognising the norweigean occupational goverment , ruling that norweigean ships in swedish ports not be impounded . 
  training and equipping norweigean militia . 
  one of the truths of the war is that sweden was more reliant on trade with germany than germany was with sweden - especially once the germans had access to the iron deposits in elsass-lothringen . 
  granted , it 's a narrow path to thread staying between the factions and some questionable desicions where made , but without hindsight , i 'd say we did a pretty good job . 
  us joining the war on either side would likely not have made a huge difference seeing how woefully unprepared we where for it in ' 39 . 
  likely it would 've just been a complete disaster for us . 
  skanderbeg was a very good leader with his 6/5/6 stats but his real strength is in 5/5/5 general stats . 
  it 's what helped him hold back the ottomans for 25 years ( and also prevent the fall of constantinople and get me my baslieus achivement ) . 
  fair enough . 
  poor comparisson on my part then . 
  and who exactly is saying there is n't a problem ? 
  there 's a difference between a problem and how big of a problem people are painting it up to be . 
  the millenium bug was a problem , but it was hardly the apocalyptic end to the digital world and modern society like some claimed it would be . 
  from what i remember from the thread in / r/sweden on the subject , this festival has been in the red for two successive years now , so them shutting down hardly comes as a huge suprise . 
  i 'm not a festival goer , so i only skimmed through the thread because honestly , i was more interested in what people had to say about it than the article itself . 
  the only truth in those reports is that there was a shooting and there are 3 injured .
