the current ukrainian government is an eu puppet . 
  russia needs to put these criminals in their place . 
  all countries joining the eu now are expected to join the euro eventually , but there is a process . 
  in order for a country to join the euro it must first join the erm-ii , but in order for a country to join the erm-ii it must effectively peg its currency to the euro . 
  in scotland 's case there wo n't be any possibility of them retaining the pound sterling and joining the erm-ii because the uk wo n't be joining the erm-ii . 
  scotland ca n't adopt the euro through official means and although the eu can be quite flexible when it benefits themselves - there is no way they 're going to let a country that headquarters rbs into their currency union any time soon . 
  scotland either keeps the pound sterling without a currency union or they print their own currency , the only other option is not to vote for independence . 
  there does seem to be an idea going around that if you point out the obvious flaws in any group , whether it be religious , ethnic or anything else , you 're branded as being something negative ( bigoted/racist/etc ) . 
  the one group this does n't apply to is heterosexual white men though , who are apparently free to be attacked at all times by everyone else . 
  we 've had a case where a politician pointed out that pakistani people in britain are hugely corrupt and the next day he was forced to apologise for stating a fact that offended some corrupt pakistanis . 
  it really is quite sad when you have to ignore facts because one group decides they want to keep it quite . 
  it 's a similar story with gypsies too , everyone in the countryside fears them because they are always trouble when they decide to set up camp in your area . 
  but the bohemian bbc and guardian types + the council and the police will tell you 're they 're a marginalised group who get discriminated against and need to be welcomed with open arms . 
  then the first thing they do when they move to an area is steal everything that is n't tied down and start fights with the locals . 
  if you complain everyone who does n't actually live in the area calls you a `` racist '' . 
  that said , the politically correct brigade are only a small group , they 're just a very vocal minority . 
  i think most of the general public , at least in my experience , speak their mind without fear . 
  i just wish the bbc would stop trying to force this pc crap down our throats and i wish politicians would stop pandering to such nonsensical people . 
  on another note , dawkins is a massive attention seeker and very little of what he says is intelligent . 
  he is n't a secularist , he essentially just does n't like people holding beliefs he thinks are untrue . 
  he 'll attack harmless but popular aspects of the christian religion because he thinks he 's better than everyone else . 
  he also makes a lot of money doing it . 
  gender roles are natural and form the basis of a successful society . 
  women are better at looking after the domestic space while men are better at doing hard work . 
  this is a system that has existed for millions of years . 
  if some people choose to neglect their duty then that is their choice , but i am one of the many people who still appreciates a real woman and a traditional family setting . 
  how insane of me to think that women should be able to cook and clean . 
  clearly i 'm the one out of touch with reality . 
  it 's the same in a lot of these traditional countries really , the women know how to be women . 
  western women are becoming incapable of fulfilling even the basic roles that men expect of them . 
  they no longer learn to cook or to clean . 
  they 're more familiar with watching reality television and eating frozen pizza from the comfort of their onesie than they are with putting a roast dinner on the table . 
  i do however believe that british men are becoming just as degenerate as british women though . 
  hundreds of years of chivalry are going out of the window , basic manners are being forgotten and boys simply do n't know how to talk to women . 
  men are becoming herbivorous , more interested in online pornography and computer games than finding love or working for a living . 
  even when they do find girls many of them treat their girls like sex objects rather than human beings . 
  i 'm also amused by all the downvotes i got . 
  there must be a lot of feminists in this subreddit , that 's all i can say . 
  filipino women make the perfect girlfriends and wives . 
  they are hard working , they can cook and clean , they are loyal , they are n't corrupted by feminism , they are conservative and moral , and they do n't seem to ever age or get fat . 
  on the downside your kids would end up being of a different race to you , but if you do n't mind then it 's not a problem . 
  now imagine going from having a perfect filipino girlfriend to having a british girl who ca n't even boil an egg . 
  it just is n't the same . 
  europe needs more filipinas !, 
  that does n't warrant mindless vandalism . 
  it 's a shame they had to smash it up . 
  we 're at the point now where statues of lenin are ukrainian heritage rather than symbols of oppression . 
  now they wo n't even be able to display it in a museum . 
   you either got really hardened conservative types , or they 're really easy-going and friendly . 
  are these two mutually exclusive to you ? 
  i generally find that everyone is friendly and easy going if you are the same to them . 
  you 're either implying that all hardened conservatives are not friendly or that the only people who are n't friendly are hardened conservatives . 
  all i really learned from this is that you do n't like people who hold different views to you . 
  but that 's really your problem and not the fault of anyone else . 
  if you start making arguments for immigration based on culture or nationality then you end up being called racist , which is a very effective smear here . 
  so instead they talk about immigration as if it 's an issue purely of numbers . 
  in my honest opinion , i would rather have 1,000 polish people migrate here than have 1,000 african people migrate here , and i have a feeling most people would agree with me . 
  but if a politician was to say that they 'd get ripped apart by the bbc and the labour party , so instead they either have to be against all new immigrants or be in favour of all new immigrants , regardless of origin . 
  funnily enough it is actually easier for romanians to move to the uk than it is for canadians , which just goes to show how little a shared culture and ethnicity count in our immigration system . 
  it 's quite sad really . 
  most of us would rather leave the eu entirely at this point and close the door to most europeans and all gypsies . 
  cameron is on the left of his own party and far more pro-europe than most of the british public . 
  he certainly does n't represent our views . 
  sometimes mistakes were made , but that does n't mean the operation was n't justified . 
  sometimes the rules have to be bent for the greater good . 
  the ira were a grave threat to the security of the realm and they had to be stopped . 
  but since they were n't a conventional army they could n't be tackled with conventional means . 
  it was essential to take out as many of these terrorists as possible using whatever methods were necessary . 
  in this case the mrf were doing a great service for queen and country , so they should be commended and pardoned for their work . 
  it may not have been legal but it was so obviously justified . 
  it is normal to spy on everyone . 
  there are no allies or enemies in international trade and diplomacy . 
  everyone is a competitor and you need the advantage . 
  the only way to stop the abuse of the system is to stop taking homosexual asylum seekers . 
  this is a massive loophole that lets all sorts of undesirable immigrants into our country . 
  if you commit an act of murder you forfeit many of your rights . 
  these include your right to vote , your right to a family life , your right to liberty , your right to privacy and your right to expression . 
  i do n't see any reason why you should n't also forfeit your right to life . 
  the way i see it , if you take life away from somebody you no longer have a right to live . 
  anti-fascist is a code word for far left in many cases . 
  ` hope not hate ' is definitely in that category . 
  they use anti-fascism and anti-racism as platforms to push far left agendas . 
  hope not hate brand the english democrats as a hate group , for example . 
  they also support mass immigration and try to silence criticism of islam using violence and intimidation . 
  the americans could be descendants of muslim immigrants or themselves naturalised citizens . 
  but the british woman is undoubted british by blood , upbringing and citizenship . 
  that is what makes this so surprising . 
  probably him and the other middle class , guardian reading , university graduates who populate much of reddit . 
  g_morgan is one of those holier than thou lefties who think they represent the whole country on the internet . 
  i 'm really glad you called him out on it . 
  money seems to be the primary motive , that and escaping violence in their homelands . 
  they take advantage of our `` tolerance '' because laws across much of europe give muslims rights at the expense of europeans , no matter how ridiculous or barbaric their traditions may be we all have to tolerate it or face the consequences . 
  they do n't even need to learn the language , local councils will translate all the information they need at the expense of the taxpayer and if they ever want to go to court they can take their dispute to a sharia court and have it sorted out in the proper islamic way . 
  if i was muslim i would move to europe too , you can continue living like you did back home without the poverty or oppression . 
  do you have any evidence for that ? 
  france24 says it 's a `` veil '' but does n't specify . 
  the ban on islamic veils is one thing france has absolutely done right . 
  if people are n't willing to follow french law then it is best for them to leave . 
  she ca n't expect the judicial system of a country to accommodate her strange and foreign culture . 
  she 's in england so she should follow the rules of england .
