  it should work , why you just do n't try ? 
  teamviewer is a remote control software . 
  let 's you take over control other people 's computer ( with their permission ofcourse ) . 
  yes over the internet \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  oh i thought u had it already . 
  if that 's the case , how much you 've spending ? 
  because 650 is older generation and there 's better cards for $ 100 . 
  do you have any idea of what 's better ? 
  hdr or aa + bloom ? 
  exactly as me , xbox never , ps only ps2 . 
  but i do n't own a wii, 
  now i 'm 100 % pc . 
  i 'm entering, 
  this x10 . 
  if you have the ability to read and/or watch a 20 minute youtube video then you 're more than capable of building a pc . 
   `` lol i dont have time id rather just buy it alredy all built '' . 
  building a pc is worth anyone 's time , if you care about your money ofcourse . 
  thanks alot !, 
  can i also dowload more internet ? 
  mine 's a little bit slow, 
  it 's also very rewarding when you 've gotten it all set up and running . 
  also you will be able to do any repair by yourself since you know exactly what 's in your computer . 
  this is very subjective , some people like to stay back and do aoe damage , thus pick sorcerer . 
  others like to charge up a powerful atack and go all in for it , thus picking berserker . 
  another person loves charging up powerful atacks but likes it from afar instead , archer is their choice . 
  being fast and agile is also another concept of `` fun '' to many people , that 's why they pick warrior . 
  or if you want a mix between warrior and berserker then it 's slayer . 
   usually i play a melee class and wasnt sure what to pick , as i like dps but also like survivability, 
  from this description it 's seems more towards berserker and lancer . 
   im a stickler for good looking armor too . 
  a guy said `` slayer is a pretty good melee class and it has really wicked armor sets '' he forgot to mention that different races have different armor looks.you can look at different armor sets during character creation . 
  ** pick a race that you really like !, 
  seriously i deleted my level 55 sorcerer ( first char , much love for him < 3 ) because he was a human male and their animations and armor sets were boring as fuck . 
  also try to group up with people who seem to be in the same stage of questing as you , you 'll make friends and go through all that quest faster . 
  i guess they 're the underdogs in pvp . 
  well i think it would be fun to be underdog class and just learn it and surprise people by beating them . 
  i do n't know why you prefer overpriced apple stuff but you can make a hackintosh . 
  which is a normal computer with osx installed . 
  check out / r/hackintosh, 
   they certainly arent as scary as some classes . 
   but if you play to win then reroll a top class :p . 
  can you name these ? 
  fun is exactly why i want to roll a zerker , little elin with a huge axe is fun as fuck . 
  but i wanted to know if i have atleast a chance in 1v1s because i really like those, 
  no idea because i have n't been in an active guild yet since i 'm a char hopper xd . 
  but you 're talking about bgs or 1v1s ? 
  because i know that in bgs zerkers are good and destroy double melee comps in 3v3 but what about 1v1 ? 
  no , i have new sorc level 33 . 
  i 'm planning to create zerk in 24h because my slayer is deleting at the moment . 
  swat 4 : the stetchkov syndicate please put your servers back on , it 's the only fps ( aside form tf2 ) that i 've played multiplayer extensively . 
  ( did n't play any call of duty or battlefield ever ) . 
  well it 's probably their alluminium shit and stuff . 
  in my case i do not really care about aesthetics , i want a good bang for buck which apple certainly does not provide . 
  they recently introduces a `` budget mac '' with a 2 core i5 1.4 ghz processor for $ 1100 !, 
  are you fucking shitting me ? 
  with that money i can build a pc 3x times more powerful . 
  also how mac is restrictive in costumization really bugs me . 
  i like open source and being able to tweak whatever i want , open up my laptop/desktop , install linux , etc. . . 
  well i was playing on my level 45 slayer and a 45 zerker won against me couple of times . 
  but i think it 's mostly because i 'm retarded haha he blocked almost all of my shit and i could n't get a kick  ht combo on him ( we were also fighting in the city so no collision . ), 
  maybe it 's poorly written but i have a sorc at 33 at the moment . 
  i 'm waiting for my slayer to delete so i can make a berserker . 
  so you went killian or fraya ? 
   do you have in cold blood at that level, 
  nope . 
  oh and about long cd skills . 
  does n't berserker have alot of cd on his self buffs or did it change already ? 
  ( tenacity back then used to be 1 minute now it 's 30 seconds ) . 
  * cash shop is much more expensive, 
  * gameforge sucks balls ( they have n't ruined tera atleast as bad as aion ), 
  * less events, 
  * longer updates, 
  came back for more, 
  * launcher sucks ass, 
  * worse servers, 
  * gameforge sucks ( counts twice ), 
  i was aion player before tera : ' c memories ... 
  fucking goldpack are you serious ? 
  what about sorcs and archers ? 
  but what about fearsome shout , bloodlust , flurry of blows and inescapable doom ? 
  awesome me too , what level ? 
  sorc - my first char i chose over year and half ago , recently deleted him because he was a human male and they 're boring and armor sets suck . 
  now i got one to level 33 , what i dislike about sorcerer is the celerity dependence , running out of mana and the fact that i ca n't continously do dmg like archer for example he can just keep shooting penetrating and radiant while with sorc i need to setup for my fireblast ( void pulse is a bit easier when they 're close ), 
  archer - only played to 16 , my only fear is that they do not have many escaping tool , backstep and breakaway bolt ( sorc has both and glacial retreat gives massive slow , sorc has tp jaunt and mana barrier . ), 
  i do n't know how better traps are but i feel that i 'm alot weaker to a lancer leash or warrior/slayer backstab combos with archer than with a sorcerer . 
  is this wrong ? 
  fear and unescapable do n't have long cooldowns ? 
  wow first of all thanks for the very detailed response !, 
  now i have one question which is about their self buffs bloodlust , flurry of blows , inescapable doom and mocking shout . 
  do these have long cds ? 
  because you did n't mention them when fighting other classes, 
  also fiery rage should be only for pve ? 
  because -40 % endurance seems bad . 
  ( endurance is kind of like defense right ? ), 
  so how it was between your friend and you ? 
   3m cd bloodlust, 
   2m cd inescapable doom, 
  t_t whyyy . 
  thanks again for the detailed answer , oh and i forgot to answer your first question : my ping is ~ 85 so i think i 'll be okay with zerker . 
  impressive since you 've described him as a pretty good sorcerer .
