  and after that use grep to search for them , that is how i do, 
  $ fc-list | grep adobe, 
   i think the us keyboard layout is much nicer for programming on . 
  this is very true . 
  this is why i ordered my x220 from america despite living in portugal . 
  in portuguese keyboard layout to do [ ] and { } you must either do ctrl + alt + ( 7,8,9,0 ) or alt gr ( the right alt ) + 7,8,9,0 and you get carpal syndrome from that while us layout everything is right there with direct key or shift, 
  how is it possible to be so low ? 
  mine is ~ 10w ( x220 ), 
  i opened this image and i was trying to close the facebook way for like 30 seconds until i realized what was going on ... 
  are n't all ** 50 laptops broadwell ? 
  am i the only one that wants ezreal 's q to crit ? 
  as a lone wolf that is how i feel : /, 
  was thinking on returning to league for ranked but now not so much, 
  everytime i saw memtest i would think `` memetest '' in my head and now it came true, 
  based hawaii and pitcairn still being viable after 2 years, 
  we have a godly wiki and a bunch of information online made for the users to check yet they ignore all that work and just want to be spoonfed like a little bitch . 
  to me that is a big disrespect towards everyone who contributed to the amazing documentation that was so hard do achieve, 
  just install normal arch . 
  all those bullshit scripts and installers do more harm than good . 
  this is natural selection , nobody is forcing you here . 
  if you wan na go with arch you must adapt . 
  well perhaps you should just stop failing ? 
  the error messages are human readable and 99 % when shit does n't work is because you 're overlooking something . 
  actually squatting is the most optimal shitting position, 
  nice , i recently tried a fallout 3 colored monochrome . xresources but i only put # 000000 and the green color on everything else leading some stuff to be unreadable though, 
  coreaudio ( handles audio ) , quartz ( composition ) , aqua ( gui ) , cocoa ( api ) are some that i can remember at the moment , and various kernel drivers for apple 's hardware . 
  typing right on one myself . 
  best laptop i ever owned . 
  \\  top gnu, 
  pretty much everyone who finished high school knows this ... 
  [ the outfield - your love ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf9j06caxm8 ) my top favorite 80s song . 
  also a good playlist is obviously flash fm from gta vice city . 
  i feel like eu does n't have a good top laner : / huni is ` okay ', 
  his w and passive were weird as fuck . 
  i remember something among the lines of `` increase attack speed depending on magic damage taken '' like what the fuck, 
   facebook cover, 
  why you people do this ? 
  i find it really cringy , just put a picture of yourself/group of friends like a normal person, 
   just talks loudly of your own perception of a simple social media . 
  some people make it such a substantial part of their life and profile that develop social jugment behaviours such as yours . 
  not really . 
  all i 'm saying is that posting stuff on facebook that is not directly related to your social life is cringy . 
   in reddit you do n't cringe if theres a gaben cover for a computer gaming/hardware community just because of the perception you have on this website compared to another website, 
  of course , that just proves my point since facebook is for social stuff and not `` gaben i love u < 3 steam sales rip my wallet xd xd '' and stuff that probably no one will get that should belong in other places . 
   you probably are jealous of people who do this without feeling the social fear you would that makes you cringe originally, 
  that does not make any sense . 
  you 're that weirdo that has some anime character as his profile pic ? 
  you 're that weird that does not have himself as profile pic ? 
  whoa , i think mental retardness is 70 so he 's pretty close, 
  \\  not directly echoing values into / proc and / sys, 
  enjoy your bloat, 
  just letting you know that you were shadowbanned ( not by us mods , but by reddit admins ) for some reason so you should message them about it, 
  why one day ? 
  it 's literally the easiest tiling wm to get started . 
   for those who only like news about tool, 
  what the fuck ? 
  a facebook page about tool should be 90 % tool news ... 
  been using it since 2006 no exceptions, 
  want to be a wiki editor ? 
  currently it 's set to only approved users may edit, 
  mine has centos mirrors , got ta try it someday, 
  i added you anyway , since you cared enough to make a post about it and you seem to know some stuff, 
  i love lucien too and it 's fairly common so i 'm gon na choose someone else . 
  count of skingrad janus hassildor . 
  he 's a [ spoiler ] ( #s `` vampire '' ) just like me and i have sympathy towards him because he 's that mysterious person that you think you do not have any relationship with but in the end you realize that he 's a bro that likes you and saves your ass . 
  mine are third eye and rosetta stoned . 
  same . 
  they need to pull something really good with the ` retro ' thinkpad if they want me ( and most of us here ) to use their products . 
  i love that part too . 
  in my opinion adam is playing that guitar part in a different tone than in \u00c6nima 's third eye and it sounds much better . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjst2522ec8 ) is my favorite extended h. scream, 
  i used to skip that song because i though it was pointless , but now whenever i listen to undertow ( the album ) i listen do disgustipated for some weird reason . 
  that 's pretty much my experience with a lot of tool songs , hate them at first but then randomly love them, 
  me too . 
  xpeke is not as good anymore but froggen is still a badass . 
  even febiven is better than xpeke imo ( judging from worlds only ), 
  computer enthusiasts ... 
  i wan na buy a 10 year old thinkpad t43 simply because it was the last one manufactured by ibm . 
  and also if possible the thinkpad 701c because of butterfly keyboard . 
  ( there 's one in museum of technology ), 
   white background sticker on a black laptop, 
  why ? 
  stickers in general look bad . 
  better to keep the default ones . 
  i said ` even febiven ' because he 's fairly new . 
  but yes i agree with you all stars duel should be froggen vs febiven, 
  there 's no reason whatsoever to go 16:9 over 16:10 on a business machine . 
  you literally get more vertical space without any compromise . 
  one could argue between 4:3 , 5:4 , 3:2 , 1:1 , 8:5 but for a work machine 16:9 vs 16:10 is a no brainer, 
  want to eat something, 
  do n't want to clean up after eating, 
  third eye, 
  lost keys + rosetta stoned, 
  vicarious, 
  10,000 days, 
  ~ ~ no mention of third eye ? ~ ~, 
  third eye . 
  both opening ( i like the salival version a little bit more ) and the one towards the end of the song are fucking amazing . 
  really that that eu team 's mid is not either febiven or froggen and adc should be definitely niels after his amazing performance at worlds . 
  out of the loop please ?
