  how is this bad ? 
   you overestimate the man 's intelligence, 
  you 're the one underestimating him . 
  the man won the fucking white house . 
  he predicted 9/11 . 
  he runs a successful business . 
  he recovered from big loss in the 90s , wrote a book about it . 
  he has accomplished more than you and me will ever accomplish combined . 
   but he 's not going to do that . 
  he 's already pivoted and he is n't even in office . 
  he did n't pivot . 
  and he has n't done anything because , you said it , he is n't even in office yet . 
  he did n't mention looks in his 5 points . 
  what are you about ? 
  oh i thought you were mocking him , my bad . 
  but yeah it 's like having a both smart and good looking girlfriend , a combination hard to find . 
  well he said that putin is not going into ukraine in one interview so there 's that . 
   maybe its the fact he is the guy who has publicly stated `` if we have them , why ca n't we use them '' in regards to nuclear weapons . 
  the source of that is one of the msnbc 's guys from an unnamed source . 
   the fact that he deals with any criticism by spewing a tirade of steaming bullshit at the accusing party . 
  when a foreign power criticizes him he now has the ability to take military action . 
  before this election his idiotic rants were limited in their power . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  just because he engages in twitter battles that does not mean he from now on will start launching nukes just because he 's the president and has the power to do so . 
   negotiating with other nations is n't an issue at all . 
  the problem with donald is his alleged conflicts of interests in russia , which would need to be resolved before he can make any unbiased deals . 
  what kind of conflicting interests ? 
  the guys hardly know each other and just making a simple ` praise ' about putin gets an all time conspiracies going on that trump is _ obviously _ a russian puppet . 
  why are you not losing your minds then over trudeau calling fidel castro a `` remarkable leader '' ? 
  it 's not a code word for anything . 
  restoring relations is restoring relations . 
  he does n't want another cold war . 
  you know that business is not always winning right ? 
  he might have failed 5 or 6 times but he succeeded over 500 times . 
  also the 95 tax document shows that he paid no more than what he was legally supposed to . 
  he simply used the laws to his advantage to pay as little tax as possible . 
  do you know anybody who pays a single cent more in tax that he should ? 
  this is the correct answer, 
  antergos is disgusting . 
  it gives you an arch installation without giving any knowledge that you will need about arch . 
  for example , pacman is not like dkpg where installed packages are automatically configured , you mostly need to do it by yourself and read wiki pages . 
  if you installed real arch you already know how to do this but antergos generally has no clue . 
  do you even read what is posted ? 
  he said, 
   ** the build quality on the t460 is going to be better though . 
  one is plastic ( mostly ) and the other is n't . 
  gentoo is source based ( you need to compile programs before using them ) and thus gives you a fuckton of control over what you want your system to use , you can ( and most of time have to ) pick and control pretty much every piece of the system . 
  arch is a binary distro ( packages are already compiled ) and you essentially get thrown into a command line and do some setup by following instructions from a wiki page , pick a de and you 're pretty much done . 
  stop underestimating him . 
  he won the fucking white house and at the beginning people thought it was a joke . 
  he _ is _ a smart man , 70 years old so plenty of life experience , you do not have a successful business for many years if you 're a moron . 
  he had a big loss in the 90s like many businesses , recovered from it and wrote a book about it . 
  predicted 9/11 , tricked the msm many times ... 
  just because you do n't like that does not make him stupid . 
  he has accomplished more than you and me ever will combined . 
   he 's been successful deceiving and exploiting people for decades . 
  source : your ass, 
  do you mean title in the factions page ? 
  it does n't appear i think . 
  you from now on will get randomly called hero of kvatch by some npcs . 
   i want to complete kvatch but do n't necessarily want the entirety of cyrodil filled with oblivion gates . 
  impossible . 
  if you do n't want cyrodiil filled with oblivion gates then just deliver the amulet to jauffre and never visit kvatch . 
   politifact, 
  the ones who gave trump a `` mostly false '' on black youth unemployment while gave bernie a `` mostly true '' on the same comment . 
  just the simple fact that [ denying the holocaust or just questioning it is illegal in some countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial ) is a bit worrying . 
  not a holocaust denial myself but in my opinion truth fears no investigation . 
   and he defeated clinton !, 
  hillary clinton !, 
  secretary of state . 
  senator . 
  first lady . 
  a name that carries power and prestige in her party . 
  plus hundreds of other things . 
  how are you so shocked ? 
  clinton is most stereotypical career politician that everybody hates . 
  she is worth ~ $ 30 million dollars despite not selling a single product or having any sort of business . 
  she made her career selling political favors to wall street and others who gave her money . 
  she received ~ $ 40 million from wall street . 
  between 10 and 25 million from saudi arabia and more from other gulf states . 
  was caught giving a private speech to her corporate `` friends '' saying that it 's important to have a public and private position on everything . 
  how do you think somebody like this has a chance of winning ? 
   that does n't mean he is qualified to do so . 
  that is your opinion . 
  6 million americans think otherwise . 
  i never understood this reaction whenever hillary was criticized . 
  i do n't think it 's hard to understand that 2 things can suck at the same time . 
  semantics at this point . 
  if you ca n't see their bias you 're part of the problem . 
  these are ridiculous . 
  and there are many more, 
   all of those vices that hillary had , trump had as well , in spades . 
  absolutely not . 
  hillary was the one who lied under oath , was extremely careless handling classified information , had dnc rigged against bernie while also having questions leaked in advance in debates , did n't even spend her own money on the campaign because she just received so much money from the wall street elites and foreign nations . 
  she 's the embodiment of corruption . 
  trump is none of that . 
   but on top of that , he 's also an idiot . 
  he so obviously did n't know what he was talking about in all three debates it 's staggering that his campaign did n't fail . 
  he is _ not _ an idiot . 
  do you think an idiot is able to run a successful business for years ?
