  so how 's the q times there ? 
  gameforge destroyed aion for me ... now they 're slowly doing the same to tera : ' c, 
  i love to, 
  * murder innocents ,, 
  * explore the wilds at night ( vampire ) ,, 
  * role-playing ,, 
  * talking to everybody despite having all text gray and knowing most of what they 're about to say, 
  * feed on innocents ,, 
  * do random quests like potato thief ,, 
  * fight in the arena vs 3 minotaurs ,, 
  * save and murder everyone, 
  * kill the adoring fan, 
  * hear a khajiit joke, 
  * kill random bandits which have godlike armor and weapons, 
  * make some potions that i 'll never use, 
  * jump from high places * your acrobatics have increased *, 
  * ** filthy pickpocket **, 
  * get my skooma fix, 
  i hate ... ... closing oblivion gates ( damn xivilais they are anti-magic ), 
  now ps4 players feel what pc gamers feel for years . 
  i guess fps games are the `` soup '' at this shitty analogy . 
  i like snow . 
  what about nexus ? 
  is there a shitload of people ? 
  in pvp server you can do open world pvp and kill anyone who 's not in the safe zone . 
  if you like pvp go into pvp server and if you do n't then go into the pve . 
  same stuff in ukraine and pretty much all of eastern europe . 
  whoa !!, 
  at first i did n't really understand why all the hate towards the logo , but now i see clearly how shitty it looks . 
  alot of people confuse bethesda the developer ( bethesda game studios ) and bethesda the publisher ( bethesda softworks ) . 
  bethesda has developed ( most recent ) 4 games : morrowind , oblivion , fallout 3 and skyrim . 
  so other `` bethesda-related '' games ( the evil within , dishonored , etc. . . ) are only published by them and all your complains should go to the developer team ( in this case , tango gameworks ) . 
  pc has already grown to an adult . 
  reminds me of the `` game on a dick '', 
  can you please stop posting every video here ? 
  it 's becoming quite spammy : /, 
  whoa , i though that the new logo maybe would n't ruin but damn , i was wrong . 
  especially on an expensive piece of hardware . 
  i really wish they made it into a normal cast skill with dmg like flatten or a bit less , and it would chain into flatten or even staggering strike to make a gap closer combo : lethal strike  staggering  flatten . 
  sounds so badass . 
  i can not level this way because i simply cant let those story quests be uncompleted :(, 
  took me 80 hours to make it to lvl 60 . 
  i use leaping strike for that ... 
   but going the solo route , if you 're dedicated , it will take at least 3 days . 
  whoa ... is it really that fast now ? 
  i remember playing at 2.7 and i had maybe 100 hours on my char and was still level 34 running fire temple ... 
  [ reminds me of this : glorious escalator master race ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/f9e52tz ), 
  they gon na probably pull their `` how much can we crank up the resolution while maintaining 30 fps ? '', 
  which is 792p or 886p that i read somewhere for another game . 
  i 'm on the same boat , for some reason i ( despite wanting to ) ca n't finish borderlands 2 : /, 
  i really enjoyed the 1st one and the 2nd really improved in some areas . 
  however , i ca n't bring myself to play it ... maybe it 's because i miss double anarchy and phasewalking ? 
  or i just do n't have much will to play as i had back then when borderlands came out ? 
  i wont get it until they release all the dlc ... and finish the 2nd game . 
  but seriously with borderlands 2 even the goty edition doens ' t have all the dlcs ... 
  does n't necklace drop in vault ? 
  then i 've been wasting vault tickets : / they 're worth around 300g each, 
  thank god i can only raid once per day or else i would be doomed . 
  may sound like a douche , but i just ignore and reply once i 'm done . 
  `` stage 3 ass cancer '', 
  why did i laugh at this ? 
  wow , i ( years ago , back when influence and marks of tactics were used to buy gear ) always struggled with my ice dude should i go tank pvp gear or dps gear ? 
  looks like that problem is gone now ... 
  is the game still `` pay2getthebestitems '' ?? 
  since the highest tier in both pve and pvp you need to have the dlcs ... is it still the same ? 
  there 's a list at the mod 's nexus page . 
  if you 're talking about umbra armor , then yes it gets leveled . 
  but umbra the sword is not a leveled item . 
  hey , sorry to bother 4 months later but , do you still play ? 
  i started playing back at season 1 dark lightning and stopped when they removed the ingame lobby floating in the sky in everymap and also due to alot of egyptian and turkey hackers ruining games . 
  also i see no more alaplaya or whatever so how 's the game ? 
  is there still no lobby ? 
  do lp , ghille and abnm for rubra tokens ( so you can get patron gear and scarlet ring ) , demokron 's plasma , mes and t14-15 fodder for your next gear and other goodies that you probably can sell at broker . 
  do vault for noctenium , pvp accessories ( you want sandturn for crit ) and goldfinger tokens for some nice underwear . 
  run nexus for a better brooch that can remove harmful effects and a belt if you 're full patron but ca n't get the patron belt so you can hit that 180 ilvl and run rehm . 
  edit : also forgot to add sjg and tot for them master glyphs . 
  i already have all the useful glyphs but i still sometimes run tot so i can sell those badges and get some easy money . 
  what about eu tera ? 
  whoa thanks for the detailed reply . 
  i really liked the game . 
  i had 3 major problems with it :, 
  * tr and eg hackers, 
  * too hard to get pen , so i created new accounts when i went bankrupt, 
  * the new `` emo '' design that wad very unprofessional ( it even had comic sans font ) and the removal of lobby : /, 
  it seems that those 3 are kinda fixed so i 'm coming to check how things are doing . 
  ( lobby is back * . 
  my favorite game modes were, 
  * td at station-2 ( dem jump tricks ), 
  * chaser at circle-2 ( weapons only ) and also at a chinese map or a jungle map, 
  * and my personal favorite was dm at neden-1 with guns but i only used cs and plasma sword because of a youtuber he did 3 videos of guns vs swords . 
  ps : you talked about perms hacks , but when i played almost 4 years the only item hacks you could have were permament ingame but only until you log off . 
  so there are better hacks now ? 
  hmm okay , i did n't really go hardcore anyway because i would simply run around the world with my influence gear and do openworld pvp and it was a shitload of fun . 
  most favorite class ( es ) : i guess they 're the underdog classes of tera, 
  * zerker, 
  * slayer, 
  * mystic ( if i had to choose between a healing class ), 
  * lancer - i fucking hate shields , a general rule of thumb in mmos for me is that i always hate the class which uses shields . 
  * reaper - the class feels `` special '' and i do n't like it , all classes must be equal and also spacebar class ( i met a reaper playing pvp on an xbox controller , like wtf mmos are all about having alot of buttons and shit and this dude plays with a fucking xbox controller ), 
  * warrior - atleast in pvp , i do n't like how you have a button which instantly with little to none effort gives you the ability to perform your combo and all the stuns make the class feel chessy .
