  damn , this one 's good . 
  some of my favourites from last year :, 
  and my all-time personal favourite is [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/midubwq.jpg ), 
  i 'm a school student . 
  i3 is not a de, 
  none because i use wms, 
  currently running debian but i 'm switching to arch, 
  it 's fancy and pretty but useless , just like female celebrities . 
  i 'm having the same problem . 
  but since i 'm terrible with anything related to arts it helps me to keep calm . 
  banded iron looks awesome . 
  my least favourite is daedric . 
  too fancy , too pointy , looks like something that me 8 year old though was cool . 
  so you want to pay for stuff that is free ? 
  just like xbox minecraft where texture packs and skins are paid , what a joke ... 
  when i started leveling my main zerker , i grouped up with this new dude at level 12 and we quested together until 20 . 
  for some reason our avatar pieces were dropping incredibly slow ( usually i have +9 avatar when i 'm finished in south area and go to bol area , but we at bol area still had 2 pieces to go ) , so we killed a shitload of trees and finally got our avatars to +9 . 
  i was like his mentor and then i was like `` solo that bam you think you can do it ? '', 
  and it was cool to see my `` apprentice '' do it . 
  and then we just ended up talking while looking cool with our shiny blue glow . 
  in total played together for 4 hours straight . 
  the next days i overleveled him and once he reached 40 he made a reaper while i was at level 40ish , we kept talking through whispers while leveling all the time . 
  so i kept playing and at ~ 46 i got really frustrated with the avatar weapon pieces not dropping so i stopped playing tera for like 1,5 weeks , when i came back i never saw him online again :(, 
  another one was when i q'ed for tot and was talking for fun with a dude `` liek diz '' `` lool u suk so hard kent evn kill dat bam in 5 seconds lololol '' `` hahah i crit dat mudafuka 4 1mil and u kent do shit '', 
  so the instance finished but we ended up talking for ** 4 hours ** more . 
  i received my parcel at 21:20 after finishing the dungeon and i we both went to sleep at 01:30 . 
  in europe our queue pools were merged , so he was from other server and i 've never seen him again . 
  also a fun day i had was with my guildie we basically played for 7 hours ( with eating breaks ) while doing all instances together and in between we just syncronized our / dance and talked during queue times . 
  we used to play alot but he got extra lucky and with 7 rehm runs he got all set pieces and i 'm here with 22 runs and only weapon and gloves so we somehow both stopped playing for hours and now i only login to do rehm and if i have patience and also if buffed i 'll do ghillie and vault . 
  i know what you 're reffering too since i played aion . 
  but to answer your question : no , there are no aion-type restrictions, 
  there is no stupid gold pack in tera , everybody can trade , use broker , etc. ... 
  if you want f2p then try tera . 
  i really enjoy it because of combat . 
  also it is much more fun with other people ( i played one day for 7 hours with a guildie doing instances and having syncronized / dance and talking through queue time . ), 
  i also like the world for some reason , which is weird since i never paid attention to it in other games . 
  i wont say it 's the best because some people just hate it while others fell in love . 
  so the only way to find out is to try yourself . 
  [ here 's a video that kinda describes what i said ] ( http://youtu.be/shpmz-zgyru ), 
  your `` class '' is your power type . 
  nature has shapeshifting abilities . 
  i think you can be a werewolf , a flying dinassaur or smthing , somekind of an insect and a gorilla . 
  chanters should use thr staff and priest mace and shield bro . 
  well since you 're a lancer , soloing bams is easy as fuck . 
  try doing it with slayer now that is a real challenge . 
  also why did you get patron to +12 ? 
  you should just enchant it to +9 so you hit ilvl 180 and can run rehm for devastator gear which is the 2nd best gear and for people who dont want to craft stuff it 's their final gear . 
  what is your server ? 
  * `` i heard a rumor that you 're an idiot . 
  any truth to that ? 
  well i play on killian and i have n't had problems with population . 
  define `` bad '', 
  yep , i 'm also spoiled by the sexy fantasy world and awesome combat . 
  tab targeting is so boring now . 
  since you 're rarely using steam , i guess it 's better for you to download the standalone install , saving the hassle of having to start steam whenever you want to play tera . 
  i think steam install is only good when you have steam open all the time and have a bunch of friends that you talk to and stuff so maybe it 's better to them to have tera in their library . 
  edit : just saw that you can spend steam wallet on emp , that is nice . 
  haha my first character was a sorc back when tera went f2p and i leveled to 44 without avatar weapons . 
  now that i look back i see how much i 've suffered without them . 
  i do n't really see sorc having a big problem pre-48 . 
  basically what i do is oc  lt cancel  time gyre ( if needed )  fireblast and this hits for alot and then i just use all my other skills depending on the situation . 
  to not miss fireblast i start casting it 15m away from the mobs . 
  some mobs do a jumpback move when they get aggro so i note those and use tyme gire for them . 
  honestly , i hate this police car mounts ... 
  flowroro is definetly better skill wise than kilryan , how flow is bad ? 
  ohai , i 'm not sure if you remember me but we talked though pm about sorc and shit ( i was asking for more duels and stuff ) but do you have any footage of fighting archers ? 
  they were the ones that gave me most trouble when i played sorc . 
  and last question , what is your gear ? 
  thank god i have n't seen those in killian yet . 
  you should note that you will not see an increased performance due to psu only , people suggest psu upgrades only when you 're getting a new card that draws more power . 
  what 's a ` coolguys ' syndrome ? 
  well the game for 2-3 levels after getting the avatar weapon is really easy , but for example being at level 43 it gets harder because you still have the 38 avatar weapon and the next one is only at 44 . 
  do you have all the dlc ? 
  i think it comes maybe with one of them . 
  ( i deleted mine last reply since it was incorrect ), 
  killcams were introduced in patch 1.5 . 
  you should try to update your game . 
  i believe patch 1.5 added magic , archery and some other melee kill cams . 
  so i guess you must update your game . 
  * sigh *, 
  * clicks save *, 
  headache without coffee ? 
  is this a real thing ? 
  but do you get a headache if you do n't drink coffee ? 
  post what ? 
  edit : really ... what 's not cool ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  damn this is sexy as fuck . 
  can i3 have colorish borders on it 's own or do i need some patch or smthing ? 
  also there 's another thing that i ca n't yet , how do i change my color scheme ? 
  . xdefaults ? 
  so you simply did ` sudo make install ` and it worked ? 
  do n't you have to point to somewhere or something ? 
  i mean , you download all that stuff to some place and then just use ` sudo make install ` ? 
  sorry but it 's been months since i 've used linux ... 
  damn , i have no idea how to use ` git ` . 
  but thanks anway i 'll go research . 
  okay so i got for example this code :, 
  gllt scheme, 
  * background : # 121212,
