  my point completely flew over your head . 
  my initial point was that ( in addition to commenting on this particular incident ) this sub got almost everything wrong about the election ( he will never run , he wo n't be nominated , zero chance to 270 , texas is now a swing state , etc. . . ) and this foreign policy matter is just another issue you got wrong . 
  but i comment on foreign policy . 
  to sum it up :, 
  a `` gratz '' phone call wo n't change anything when there are us navy forces between china and taiwan . 
  you keep ignoring us navy military presence between china and taiwan . 
  imagine if trump actually sent military ships near china . 
  national outrage right ? 
  i already did . 
  to sum it up :, 
  receiving a `` congratulations on your victory mr. trump '' from the president of taiwan will change absolutely nothing , once again , there are us navy ships and choppers right now and have been for years yet nothing happened . 
   . according to you and in contradiction to what anyone who knows a thing about foreign diplomacy says . 
  `` experts '' also predicted 99 % clinton victory , brexit would crash the economy and cause ww3 , us banks would melt while dow j is at record him . 
  keep listening to `` experts '' i guess 1,5 years of completely wrong predictions is n't enough for you . 
  in other words, 
   i do n't agree with you so you 're definitely a `` troll '' and an `` ass hole '', 
   keep masturbating to meaningless shallow victories, 
  you still do n't get it . 
  all i 'm saying is that / r/politics got the election coverage wrong all year long , and there is no reason that they 're suddenly going to stop . 
   what intense complex modeling do you think people are basing a stance of `` needlessly disrespecting china might not be the best strategy '' off of ? 
  lmao, 
  you do n't need a big amount of brain power to understand that a `` gratz ! '', 
  phone call will change absolutely nothing while there are us navy forces between china and taiwan . 
  why are you getting downloaded ? 
  or is it only allowed to comment only if you have good things to say about the flag ? 
  while at the same time saying that downvote is not a disagree button, 
   overall lower ram and cpu consumption under similar workloads in linux, 
  not on browsers . 
  both chrome and firefox do not do hardware decoding yet , putting stress on the cpu when in windows it does not . 
  not only the video itself but at least on firefox , the ui is also not hardware accelerated . 
  you can see this for yourself is about : support and chrome : / / gpu pages . 
   are the specs sufficient ? 
  people are recommending you the new * 60 series . 
  but you already have a powerful laptop and there is no need to spend next to 1k for a `` secondary laptop '' . 
  you can buy $ 100 dollar thinkpads and they 're more than enough . 
  he makes a really good point . 
  does lenovo really think that having separate volume buttons , a decent keyboard layout , an aspect ratio actually appropriate for a _ business _ laptop will make their products not sell ? 
   saying that they `` need '' the retro to succeed, 
  he did not say that . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  in some other video he said the complete opposite . 
  13:30 timestamp, 
   favored lies over facts . 
  really ? 
  i think it 's more about them discovering how the msm was constantly lying during the whole election cycle and biased against trump and it pissed a lot of people off when they discovered how they 're being lied to while claiming to be neutral . 
  do you think that the `` clinton news network '' nickname came out of nowhere ? 
   the point is his behavior was ridiculous . 
  the president tweeting out a call to look up a woman 's sex tape is absurd . 
  it 's a sign of who he is as a person and his inability to deal with criticism or attacks gracefully which you have to be able to do as a president . 
  okay so alicia machado straight up lying and attacking him is okay , that is just `` criticism '' but him defending himself is suddenly wrong . 
  also they both played dirty but people are tired of political correctness and he understands that and uses some off language from time to time and to his supporters it is a big relief after these years under the pc culture where everything is offensive , everything is racist , everything is sexist , everybody is a winner , all get a trophy , if you loose you are still cheered as winner , etc. . . but that is a debate for another time . 
   he owns the pageant , they have a lot of reason to keep quiet and not say anything . 
  exactly , if they do n't like it then they can leave . 
  working at someone 's company is a privilege , not a right . 
   a lot of them came out right after the recording of him went public and hearing it made them want to speak out . 
  and there are a lot of them . 
  after trump won they 're all gone and i believe charges are dropped , not only those but other nasty charges such as raping a child girl or something . 
  definitely not politically influenced agenda right ? 
  they really care so much that the moment clinton becomes irrelevant charges are dropped and it 's never heard of them again . 
   do you believe the women who have spoken out against bill clinton ? 
  it 's definitely more credible since he got impeached for it . 
   whether it 's to the point of being harrassment/assault or not , it 's gross and scummy behavior . 
  in your opinion , women who let him do it apparently like it . 
  there are a ton of fucked up fetishes that probably you and me think are disgusting but others love . 
  do you realize that td clearly states in their rules that you should post if supporting donald trump in numerous places and questions should go into / r/askthe _ donald ? 
  it 's not censorship it 's subreddit rules , just like you ca n't talk about xbox on / r/playstation or ca n't talk about australia in / r/london , you get the idea . 
  reddit admins on the other hand censor communities they do n't agree with while having this in their [ faq ] ( https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_is_posting_political_campaign_information_ok.3f ) , i quote, 
   reddit does not discriminate among candidates or differing political viewpoints in any way , nor does it discriminate between political and non-political topics . 
  ebay and craigslist are the first that come to mind . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  to be fair he said `` possess '' not `` read '' . 
  both are false anyway but still it 's important to tell the truth . 
  trump is standing up to himself , that is what people like about him and is already standing up for the country ( see tpp and more recently , taiwan phone call ) . 
  now whether or not you think it is `` presidential '' to you is your opinion . 
  you might say it 's not , but others are tired of the politician 's filter and endorse it . 
  people want a president that 's the real deal and i sincerely hope trump keeps tweeting to directly communicate with the people . 
   so if your boss started walking in on people in the bathroom and groping people , nothing wrong with that either ? 
  i did n't say that . 
  i 'd obviously leave the company unless i liked being gropped, 
   he literally mentioned going into women 's dressing rooms , kissing and groping women without asking . 
  he bragged about it . 
  that is 90 % bullshit . 
  only true part is that he said he 's could get away with going to the backstage because he was the owner but nothing on him starting to grab and kiss women in their own dressing room what the fuck have you been reading ? 
   when did i say that ? 
  i meant that you called the behavior `` disgusting '' but for others it 's not . 
   what argument are you even trying to make ? 
  you are excusing him groping and kissing women at will by `` there are fetishes out there '' ? 
  that 's one of the thinnest argument 's i 've ever heard , come one now . 
  you still after like 5 or 6 comments did n't understand the __ let him __ part . 
  on another note , why do you care so much what trump and his lovers and relationships did ? 
  it 's his private life , why are you condemning him for being a wealthy successful man and involving himself with women because he 's __ allowed to __ . 
  edit : forgot to address the last point, 
   you guys treat trump like a god who can do no wrong . 
  definitely not but the msm has treated him so wrong for a year and a half so there 's a ton of false shit on him, 
  how is that relevant to my original point ? 
   conservatives are dumb . 
  hmmm , so this is how you argument ? 
  let me try :, 
  leftists are dumb . 
  how did i do ?
