  where did you get that from ? 
  i did n't downvote anybody , i think you misunderstood my comment . 
  all i joked about was about that i 'd kill , the rest is serious . 
  i think you do not know the full story , you think that ian died because he was old or something while in reality he threatened to suicide on twitter and now it appears that he is dead so it appears he really did suicide . 
  read the pastebin of his tweets that is linked in my original comment . 
  he 's not talking a about graphics , he 's talking about the microcode that is in the processors . 
  mixing weakness + damage in one spell does not work . 
  you have to make 2 spells , one with all the weaknesses and other with all the damages . 
  the explanation is simple . 
  as time passes , 1 year takes less and less portion of your lifetime . 
  example :, 
  for a 1 year old kid , that 1 year is their entire lifetime , for a 2 year old kid , 1 year is half of their life . 
  for a 50 year old man , 1 year is just 1/50 = 0,02 or 2 % of their life . 
  back when jungling was an exact science of runes , masteries and champions . 
  me too . 
  season 1 was n't even level 30 , season 2 did like 12 ranked games and ended with 1256 elo , but season 3 it was awesome as fuck grinding that gold, 
  pentas are overrated anyway , never understood the appeal , you 're basically just last hitting unless you go 1v5, 
  i stopped gaming completely for like half a year now and given up the idea of building a pc but if zen and polaris turn out good maybe i 'll make an exception and get a full amd rig , do n't really want to give money to jewtel . 
  does n't the goty edition come with all the dlcs ? 
  argonian and khajiit males sound badass . 
  when i started reddit i though funny was ok but damn this is awful, 
  firefox has gtk dependancies so you 're still using the rms virus known as gnu, 
   i just use things on the wiki without really knowing what they are , what they do , etc. 
  well , next time this happens just search the wiki about that topic and try to learn why you 're doing that . 
  for example just an hour ago i learned by reading the wiki that the - p flag in ` mkinitcpio - p linux ` stands for preset , i was always wondering why the hell we needed the - p linux part . 
  my rule is when i do n't understand something i try to read about it , wiki , man pages etc. . . 
  / r/linuxmasterrace, 
   flash in 2016, 
  just one thing . 
  is hdaps working ? 
   tfw no linux sucks 2015, 
   adblock, 
  why not ublock origin ? 
  oh right i forgot . 
  i was just asking because i own an x220 which is pretty much the same laptop and the archwiki got me a bit confused about hdaps so i 'm not sure if it 's working or not . 
  or maybe linux does n't suck anymore \\ ^ ^, 
  how did you tweak it ? 
  with hdapsd ? 
  they ca n't because windows has all the aaa epik gaymes !, 
  all you have to do is have ` os-prober ` installed before running ` grub-mkconfig - o / boot/grub/grub . cfg ` and os-prober will automatically pick up any oses and make entries to them ... 
  you need to edit your pacman.conf and comment out the multilib repository . 
  and then put a ` # ` before ` [ multilib ] ` and what is below it so it looks like this, 
  #siglevel = packagerequired, 
  #include = / etc/pacman . d/mirrorlist, 
  i think i 'm missing hdaps from my system ... 
  i installed tp-smapi but still ca n't find hdaps , not in modules , not in conf.d , not in / dev ... 
  russian, 
   netflix and ** cold **, 
  well , it is cold in russia ... 
  there are plenty of people who do n't give a fuck about games, 
  i know this post is 5 months old but ... god damnit this is so bad, 
   girlfriend, 
  yeah right , fuck off, 
  why do people on reddit keep making up fake bullshit like this ? 
  can somebody explain me the point of linux mint ? 
  why not just use ubuntu so you get all the updates , security patches on time and just install your shitty gnome spinoff ? 
  people ca n't clap properly to 4/4 , who thinks is a good idea to clap to a tool song ? 
  i can see the zionspartan/darshan memes being used with niels/zven now . 
   zven does a bad play, 
  oh wow , niels was so much better than this zven guy, 
  you still did n't answer my question . 
  i 'm asking what 's the point of mint when you can install ubuntu with cinnamon, 
  read again . 
  i 'm asking why using mint when you can use ubuntu + cinnamon and you 're replying to me why cinnamon is better than unity . 
  what model is the opened one ? 
  looks like a mixture of t and x because it 's small but has that independent trackpad buttons, 
  rip youtube recommended videos, 
   thunderbold display, 
  4 am and you 're not sleeping ? 
  that 's edgy as fuck bro, 
  `` zuh '' ? 
  i say it as `` soo-zey '', 
  mine is botnet , at login it looks like, 
  holy shit his channel is fucking garbage . 
  i watched this video titled in all caps ` youtube prankster exposed as fraud ' that / u/waddupp linked and he only talks about for 1 minute in the middle of a 7 minute video . 
  the rest is talking about totally unrelated topics , he talked about a pedophile , celebrities , advertising some anime site and bunch of other bullshit . 
  my guess is that his videos are this type of trash and somehow he has 3.5 m subs . 
  what the fuck ? 
  dennisceetv or something , he likes to get beat up in the hood, 
  nope . 
  edit : apparently the knight 's armor will re-level when you put it back to it 's stand, 
  if you happen to be on pc however , you can use [ aulias ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/oblivion/mods/39635/ ? ), 
  mod and it will just that . 
  that was pretty much my thought . 
  `` oh wow , he 's gon na give the same speech yet again . 
  amazing . '', 
  do n't understand why you 're being downvoted , reddit is really fucking retarded with the downvotes . 
  anyway , i would n't say that he 's a lunatic but for most people it is impossible to sustain yourself especially if your job is related to tech by going 100 % freetard . 
  people have families to feed and proprietary software and firmware is what they need to keep doing that . 
  i also defend that if you manage to code up something amazing you have the right to not share the source code ( i.e. 
  not being a cuck ), 
  going 100 % free is only viable as a pure hobby/curiosity thing , like having a thinkpad x60 lying around with libreboot and `` free '' distro like trisquel or parabola . 
  and the worst thing is that if you want to go 100 % free you can only do it on old hardware because we all know that post 2008 intel cpus have the proprietary ime ( intel management engine , which is basically a full backdoor to your computer ) and they refuse to boot without it . 
  even if intel wanted to open-source it they ca n't because of their agreement with the threadx developer . 
  and nowadays even simple things like ecs , webcams , sound cards , nics , cpus microcode and even storage is so complex that an hdd itself can run an embedded os . 
  some of them if not most have dma ( direct memory access ) and you 're never safe unless you go full usb pre 3.0, 
  just tell them ... ? 
  one curiosity about the kernel . 
  initially it was played to use bsd kernel for hurd ( gnu 's kernel ) , however richard stallman proposed to use the mach kernel instead . 
  that did n't turn out well because it came out as a `` more of a research project '' and by that time linux came out , gnu tools got ported and thus gnu/linux was born .
