  really sad . 
   covering the thinkpad logo, 
  absolutely haram, 
  i have `` models '' on facebook that go and pay agencies then post photos as they are `` models '' , the company 's watermark is a must . 
  they just did n't release any official patches anymore . 
  there used to be the arrow duplicate glitch and that one got fixed . 
  also all ps3 oblivion copies are fully patched to the latest version , so if you downloaded any patches in your xbox 360 then those are really old ones . 
   buying new thinkpads, 
  why people do this ? 
  t60p does not have gpu issues . 
  you 're confusing with the t61p , models made after 08/08 are safe but are very rare . 
  no thanks , buying from a company offloading old hardware is much better than from a random person who used it as a main machine . 
   old , crappy macbooks, 
  i 'd like to own a macbook 2,1 just to libreboot it . 
   768p ips screen is nice, 
  how is 1366x768 still acceptable in 2016 ? 
  this resolution needs to die already . 
  ~ ~ powerbook g4 . 
  what 's so special about this particular model ? 
  i do not know anything about it but it for some reason left it 's signature on me and i would like to know the reason . ~ ~, 
  shit , apparently ibook and powerbook is completely diferent . 
  and the powerbook g4 is also the last ppc architecture too i guess , i knew there was something special about it !, 
  seems like a nice laptop to own purely for historic reasons , kinda like i also want to own a thinkpad t43 because it was the last model made by ibm . 
  really ? 
  not sure about 1440p but 1080p is n't bad from what i 've seen . 
  you know what also needs to die ? 
  16:9 on business laptops . 
   i find the keyboard to be objectively better in basically every way . 
  i disagree . 
  the thing with backlit keyboards is that they do not have that sandpaperish feel that non backlit keyboards have . 
  they get greasy , shinny and generally disgusting easily than non-backlit keyboards . 
  [ pic from a newer thread ] ( http://imgur.com/qoougj3 ) . 
  also in my opinion , thinklight is superior to backlit keyboards , 1 led at top does the job better than 1 led per key . 
  lateralus cover by sam westphalen . 
  actually it 's a bit the opposite . 
  girls actually like my x220 since it is n't a fucking consumer hp , acer , asus , dell or kekbook that everyone has . 
  1.42 is for the x220 you dummy, 
  not saying they immediately give you a blowjob under the desk , but get intrigued by the clitmouse and tank-like design . 
  you ca n't look like a weirdo or else it will probably turn them even more away . 
  what 's wrong with the original wifi card ? 
   the other linus, 
  is it really necessary ? 
  the 8460p is equivalent to the thinkpad t420 . 
  why you chose an elitebook over a thinkpad ? 
  it has some advantages though , such as a more metal design , military standards for resistances to humidity , shock , vibration , dust , etc. . . 
  love that one . 
  i though out of all those letters ( a/b/g / n ) n was the fastest . 
  so do people really buy new thinkpads ? 
  this time instead of just downvoting , try to explain why . 
  god this sub is cumming all over new thinkpads i guess ... 
  moore 's law is pretty much dead . 
  a sandy bridge or ivy bridge is still good and these laptops cost 200-300 bucks . 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  also ,, 
   antergos, 
  what about [ this fuccboi ] ( http://i.imgur.com/72x6hq7.jpg ) ? . 
  like i do n't even know where to start ... he 's lying on the ground ... holding what looks like the motherboard connector with pliers ... what the hell is going on ... is that a lamp there too ? 
  i though it is only going to be released in like april or may ( whatever ubuntu 's release cycle is ... ), 
  solved with 0 comments . 
  love it . 
  aaaand i ruined it . 
  oh wow , so how 's unity 8 and qt framework ? 
  but curl is just a data transfer tool ... 
  also 1 cm ^ 3 of water weights 1 gram and you need 1 cal of energy to raise it 's temperature by 1 degree celsius, 
  you 're being an entitled cunt . 
  it is much better having a good unit system for every day use and science than having an extra one which is pretty much a downgrade, 
  why the 750 ti ? 
  we need to know how this compares to the newly announced 75w 950, 
  what about on windows ? 
  it 's still available as an addon . 
  it is being removed to de-bloat because of buggy code . 
  i actually like this modularity and hoping it happens with other stuff ( pocket , hello , etc. . . ), 
  why are you buying shitty consumer laptops ? 
  just get a used/refurbished thinkpad or any other business laptop ( elitebook , latitude , etc. . . ), 
  good choice , i own one myself . 
  also check / r/thinkpad, 
   please note : for playstation 3 players , knights of the nine is included in all versions of the game and shivering isles is available as a download or as part of the goty edition . 
  ** all other dlcs are not available . 
  not quite . 
  you need 10 skill level ups to get a +5 bonus , you can choose 3 attributes when leveling up , so ideally you want 3 attributes with a +5 bonus . 
  in order to do that you need a total of 30 skill level ups , but there 's a slight problem :, 
  as you probably know , once you level up any combination of major skills 10 times you qualify for a level up and after that , leveling up any other skill does ** not ** increase the attribute bonus you 'll receive after sleeping . 
  so what you want to do is control your leveling , and only level up a major skill 10th time once you leveled up 10 times skills of which attributes you want to increase , through minor skills because those do not count towards leveling . 
  on windows it lauches the thinkvantage toolbox ( bloat imo ), 
  problem is a lot of people when they see an error message their brain automatically covers the important part with some kind of permanent spoiler tag that you can not hover over to reveal . 
  sometimes it 's infuriating . 
  a friend of mine messaged me with a picture of the error asking for help , the error literally said `` bla bla bla is not working you should try to delete / etc/pacman/some _ not_important_log_file '' . 
  he 's like `` what i do now help '' and i answer `` do what the error says '' and he 's confused and it took a while until he actually did delete the file . 
  but last time he messaged me again for help only for a few seconds later telling that he fixed it by googling and looking around . 
  proud . 
  how is this an improvement over lemonbar ? 
  i think stallman is just butthurt that gnu as an os failed . 
  he just wanted a fully free operative system , but gnu+l inux did not follow his ethical ideas as most of it 's users . 
  4000 series were tough however nvidia still had 2x market share ... 
  that was not the original author , it was posted on 4chan before, 
   not gfdl, 
  oh okay i understand now . 
  you 're the one that posted on both sites . 
  nice blog , where can i subscribe ? 
  where did you seen it for the first time ?
