   it was n't just shitposts and antagonizing everyone . 
  i agree with some pepe shitposts but many were important news that would otherwise get deleted on / r/politics because it does n't fit the left wing narrative . 
   it stopped after the primary . 
  he lost . 
   it did n't reach / r/all to the scale and frequency that the don does . 
  not enough high energy, 
   hilarious by the way , that you trolls ca n't even tolerate a little bit of trolling yourself without calling for people to be fired and getting outraged . 
  you are all some of the biggest hypocrites on reddit and you 're crying about double standards . 
  nobody cares about this pathetic weak troll attempt . 
  that is not the issue . 
  the real issue is that a reddit ceo let his left wing bias act and has shown willingness and ability to edit user 's posts without any notice just because he got triggered . 
  what do you mean by a bot ? 
   lot 's of people , hence the filtering ability and the sticky rule . 
  only for the the_donald thought . 
  filtering ability is enough , why make special rules for one sub ? 
  ets does the same sticky tactic yet no punishment . 
   and many of the important stories do get posted to / r/politics, 
  as long as they fit the narrative . 
  / r/politics was full of ctr shills yet admins did nothing about it . 
   the_donald for legit news when it 's mostly pepe memes , brietbart , and pedophile pizza conspiracies . 
  more shitposts now because the election is over . 
  t_d was crucial in exposing the biased mainstream media and hillary 's corruption that would otherwise get immediately deleted in / r/politics because of ctr . 
   special circumstances for a sub who has a special effect on / r/all . 
  yay for censorship !, 
  a personalized filter is enough . 
   well maybe because you accused every pro-clinton person of being a ctr shill so there was a boy who cried wolf effect after a while . 
  i have to remind you that ctr was given a 6 ** million ** budget , they were very active on reddit and downvote every post in t_d . 
  that is brigating and against reddit rules yet it was allowed to continue . 
  after election posts , in t_d got from 50-60 % upvoted to  90 % . 
   plenty of anti-hillary stuff did n't get deleted from / r/politics, 
  that was only during primaries when bernie still had a chance and after elections . 
  you got immediately downvoted or deleted if you posted anything remotely anti-hillary during trump vs clinton months . 
   but t_d was not crucial in anything besides being a massive echo chamber and feedback loop . 
  it helped build the don following on reddit , that 's about it . 
  and there may have been some valid stories in there but again , hard to sift through the mountains of garbage autist investigations that turned out to be nothing , memes , and alt-right propaganda . 
  do n't dismiss it because you do n't agree with it . 
  what you might think is just `` alt-right propaganda '' for others could simply be the truth . 
  every time a batch of new wikileaks released t_d folk went over it and found a lot of interesting shit that the msm did n't report because [ cnn said it 's illegal to possess these documents ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dcatg9qy_a ) and that everything learned must be thought them . 
   you 're still plenty visible . 
  censorship would be removing the_d from / r/all completely . 
  oh it 's not censorship , it 's just a little censorship so it 's okay amirite ? 
  censorship is censorship does not matter if big or small . 
   really because the t_d post that 's on the first page of / r/all right now is at like 60 % upvoted . 
  they get downvoted once they reach the top . 
  during clinton vs trump it was not only / r/all but pretty much every post is what i said . 
   or posts from brietbart which is at least as biased as any msm outlet , in reality much more and other blogs with an agenda masquerading as journalism ? 
  do n't you see the irony in comparing breitbart , a self titled right wing website and fucking msm who claim to be neutral ? 
  that 's the thing . 
  right wing websites are biased and they 're not afraid to disclose that information . 
  msm claim to be neutral yet push a completely left wing agenda and only cover positive trump stuff when there 's absolutely no other way . 
   there 's a wikileaks subreddit for that, 
  i gave wikileaks as an example . 
  but another thing i 'm very glad that i browsed t_d occasionally was it opened my eyes to how biased msm is . 
  oh and clinton 's corruption too . 
   explaining why it was actually a non-story and did n't mean anything . 
  good . 
   people seeing one thing that might look suspicious and holding it up as proof of something huge . 
  just more boy who cried wolf because you 're so `` high energy '' you ca n't think critically and be anything near objective . 
  nice generalization . 
  literally 300k people take everything they read on t_d as true amirite ? 
  generalization is the problem . 
  just like every trump supporter is rayciss sexis misogynistic homophobic white male scum redneck , you 're doing the same to t_d . 
  sure there are retarded memes but also a lot of crucial info during elections about clinton and what in my opinion is the cancer of this neoliberal left wing degeneracy . 
   jesus christ you are such crybabies . 
  this site is 90 % entertainment , it 's not the media and it 's not the government , so `` censorship '' does n't mean shit here just because you do n't get to spam / r/all with 20 % donald propaganda anymore . 
  once again you prove to be pro-censorship and against free speech . 
   well did n't seem to have any effect on your ability to reach the front page . 
  does not matter . 
  massive brigating which is against reddit rules happened during trump vs clinton yet admins did nothing about it . 
   it 's because there was so much more negative trump stuff . 
  everything that came out of his mouth was outrageous , it would be a disservice to the people to give him equal positive and negative time when he made his entire campaign on negativity . 
  complete load of bullshit . 
  his campaign is about bringing back jobs ( he just saved 1000 in indiana as we speak ) , renegotiating bad trade deals ( which is a issue he talked since the 80s ) protecting the 2nd amendment and securing the southern border . 
  but i 'm not surprised to hear this from you since you probably [ read shit like this ] ( https://i.sli.mg/un8r61.jpg ) and believe he is literally hitler or literally fascist . 
   yeah , generalization and polarization are a big problem with politics, 
  this i can agree with . 
  trump supporters are all raycis homophobic sexis redneck idiots while clinton supporters are all fat obnoxious sjw anti-american butthurt crybabies cucks, 
   and nobody is silencing you , just quieting you down a bit because you 're really loud and it 's annoying, 
  because it 's an opinion you do n't agree with * . 
  whatever man , you 're pro-censorship i get that . 
   his campaign was also about how crooked hillary was ,, 
  thank god he did it . 
  she is the embodiment of corruption, 
   how bad of a president obama was ,, 
  his opinion which many share, 
   how rapists are spilling into our country from mexico ,, 
  not only rapists but drug lords and all sorts of criminals, 
   how terrorists are coming into our country ,, 
  it 's true ? 
   and how the left wants to take away everyone 's guns . 
  protecting the 2nd amendment i said that . 
   and the intense negative ads against hillary . 
  good . 
  once again , she 's a world class liar and corrupt at the highest level . 
  made a fortune without any sort of business or product to sell . 
  you can not get rich in politics unless your a crook . 
   a looot of scare tactics and negativity . 
  the whole implication of maga is that america is in the shitter and needs to be saved . 
  how dare he point out american issues !!!!!, 
  let 's just pretend american is greater than ever that will surely solve our problems !,
