  i did n't know about that , thanks for the links . 
  but you 've kinda moved the goalpost into how trump handled the business failures , not about the actual failures . 
  my point was , saying `` trump had bankrupcies '' is _ not _ an argument given that, 
  high rate of failure on starting a business, 
  he has hundreds of successful businesses, 
  bankruptcy is not uncommon in the business world and there are various types of bankruptcies ( chapter 11 for example ) that do not mean that the person lost all money . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  since you 're a liberal you may be insensitive to liberal propaganda but cnn does indeed push it . 
  you could see wolf blitzer dying inside as he was announcing trump winning key states . 
  you should educate yourself on the meaning of those words before using them . 
  no , jewish is also an ethnicity . 
  you can be a jewish atheist, 
   improved, 
  improving of what ... mass starvation ? 
  muhammad ali gave a similar analogy, 
  wow the president of the most powerful country on earth is a russian puppet . 
  those russians have really stepped up their game since the cold war . 
  easy to focus on space while letting millons die of starvation . 
   when you kill millions of peasants but it 's okay because you sent a dog into space, 
  a war time famine , what 's your point ? 
  i use it as main laptop for university . 
  sometimes i wish i had a bigger screen though . 
  not an argument . 
  he does n't like homosexuality , and that 's okay . 
  his entire original post is full of pseudointellectual mental masturbation . 
  hurts to read . 
  black single motherhood is a real problem . 
  his stereotyping was unnecessary but holds true . 
  he said that because, 
  his lawyer friends said the case should have been done with a long time ago, 
  the judge was very pro-mexican ( nothing wrong with that ) and trump 's mexico statement was viral . 
  which is why trump suggested that the judge can not be impartical . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  he explained this in an interview with anderson cooper that i 'm too lazy to search right now . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's just an opinion . 
  is it too hard to understand that maybe not everybody likes the same things as you ? 
  not liking homosexuals does not mean he wants to kill them on sight . 
  i think it 's degenerate , but i respect their life choice . 
  that simple . 
  you can put a 1600 mhz but it will run at lower speed to match the slower stick . 
  those are very weak arguments . 
  basically what they consist of is pointing out a trump 's position and comparing to extreme policies `` see he has fascist tendencies '', 
  it 's like calling `` commie '' to whoever leans slightly to the left . 
  dat smooth 60 fps, 
  i optimize but personal preference makes the final choice . 
  for example , the best mages are high elf and breton due to natural magicka boost . 
  a high elf would be better for my 100 % spell absorption build ( essentially free +50 magicka ) but i like the human races more so i go with breton . 
  do people say that ? 
  his combos are 70-80 dmg no wall or floor break . 
  i 'd say kazuya is probably the character that relies most on pure skill . 
  like , his main tool is an electric which already implies a lot of skill and it 's not even guaranteed to land 100 % . 
  * you do n't have `` get out of jail free '' / cheese moves, 
  * it 's hard to surprise with his small moveset, 
  his strong is punishing which implies, 
  * good game knowledge, 
  * good movement, 
  * good execution, 
  in t7 thought his rage drive is very good and devil kazuya has nice bonuses but still his core remains hard as fuck . 
  i forgot to mention that not only he has good damage combos but he has ridiculous mids and f , f ,2 is an easy launcher so he is not ewgf dependent as kazuya for example . 
  in t7 he has a better low too . 
  kazuya has a slight edge in punishing i think . 
  he has the 13f pewgf , he 's the only mishima that can launch this quickly but obviously you need godlike execution to take advantage of this . 
  his ws +2 , twin pistons , is a 13f launch too , devil jin 's ws +2 is 15f `` launch '' and heihachi does n't have one if i remember . 
  but yeah , the round is not only punishers and launchers . 
  if you 're competent at opening up laptops and swapping stuff , you should take a look at the t601f - a t60/t61 frankenpad . 
  it consists of using the beautiful 1600x1200 affs t60p screen and chassis with newer hardware and features from the t61 . 
  this swap is particularly good because the jump is just so big , it 's not just a newer gen cpu or something . 
  you get, 
  * a better 64 bit cpu ( you can even go crazy with something like x9000 ), 
  * increases max ram from 3 gb to 8 gb, 
  * superior nvidia gpu ( but there 's a catch with that though ), 
  * sata2 speed , makes ssd worth the money, 
  * slic 2.1 for genuine windows 7 installation if you want, 
  those last two points you need to install the middleton 's bios , it also removes wi-fi whitelist . 
  [ here 's a nice video summing it up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m74otzqd2y ), 
   why ca n't the t470 have a better screen !? 
  my stupid conspiracy theory is that lenovo purposely spreads good features throughout their thinkpads so they all get bought . 
  if one model stands out then everybody will buy it while ignoring the other variations . 
  also i 'm not sure why lenovo has _ so _ many lines of products . 
  i certainly do not want them to be apple that give you 2 choices ( more like 1 , nobody buys mba for work ) but many models seem to not have a proper place among the others . 
  what type of shitpost is this ? 
  reason for impeachment : he 's a big meanie !!!!, 
  wait i do n't get it . 
  in-game we see leo but cam is from kazuya ( knee ) ? 
  gates only appear after vising kvatch . 
  you _ should _ go to weynon priory , you get to deliver the amulet of kings ( does n't take space in inventory ) and can ask jauffre for supplies which he will happily give them to you . 
  the arch hate you see comes from non-arch users . 
  it 's really stupid , they browse the internet , find some shitty outdated memes that they vaguely understand and end up just parroting them out to try to `` fit in '' . 
  whenever you see irrational arch hatred you can bet that it 's a person who never used arch . 
  my theory is that they tried to use arch one , failed to follow installation instructions now spend their time shitting on arch at every occasion . 
  see `` fox and grapes '', 
  your posts in this thread check all categories of a complete retard :, 
  \u2611 inability to process that there can be a different valid opinion, 
  \u2611 zero arguments , just insults . 
  \u2611 ad-hominems and mindless ramble when faced opposition ( i.e sperging out like an autist ), 
  \u2611 creeping others ' post history when run out of `` arguments '', 
  jesus this is terrible i do n't even know where to start , and you somehow have the audacity to claim intellectual high ground . 
  why leftists ca n't do anything properly ? 
  tlp is better,
