  the only entity capable of replacing the me firmware is intel . 
  as previously stated , the me firmware includes proprietary code licensed from third parties , so intel could n't release the source code even if they wanted to . 
  and even if they developed completely new me firmware without third-party proprietary code and released its source code , the me 's boot rom would reject any modified firmware that is n't signed by intel . 
  thus , the me firmware is both hopelessly proprietary and `` tivoized '' . 
  can ` nmtui ` setup enterprise wpa2 such as eduroam from universities ? 
  i just want an upgraded x220, 
  you look like a hacker with that laptop, 
  this one 's a fucking badass performance . 
  anselmo in his prime, 
  you really should stop browsing that sub for your own good . 
  my favorite reply to when someone says shit like that is something among the lines of, 
   it 's always been like that , you were just a nerd and missed it all, 
  it 's an old joke where some dude said, 
   why do they call it xbox 360 ? 
  because you do a 360 and walk away, 
  it 's stupid but i guess it became a meme, 
  do n't you also need a ` ~ / . config/fontconfig/fonts . conf ` file ? 
  if you ask the irc #archlinux bot about fontconfig he tells this, 
   use https://ptpb.pw/6lh7 as a starting point for your $ xdg_config_home / fontconfig/fonts . conf file , and read https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/font_configuration - restarting programs is sufficient for fonts.conf changes to take effect . 
  especially the ones which are faster than your walking speed and slower than running . 
  makes following missions much more interesting and challenging . 
  disabled subreddit css huh ? 
  / r/firefox has probably one of the best stylesheet i 've ever seen . 
  i 'd just like to interject for a moment . 
  what you 're referring to as linux ,, 
  is in fact , gnu/linux , or as i 've recently taken to calling it , gnu plus linux . 
  linux is not an operating system unto itself , but rather another free component, 
  of a fully functioning gnu system made useful by the gnu corelibs , shell, 
  utilities and vital system components comprising a full os as defined by posix . 
  many computer users run a modified version of the gnu system every day ,, 
  without realizing it . 
  through a peculiar turn of events , the version of gnu, 
  which is widely used today is often called `` linux '' , and many of its users are, 
  not aware that it is basically the gnu system , developed by the gnu project . 
  there really is a linux , and these people are using it , but it is just a, 
  part of the system they use . 
  linux is the kernel : the program in the system, 
  that allocates the machine 's resources to the other programs that you run . 
  the kernel is an essential part of an operating system , but useless by itself ;, 
  it can only function in the context of a complete operating system . 
  linux is, 
  normally used in combination with the gnu operating system : the whole system, 
  is basically gnu with linux added , or gnu/linux . 
  all the so-called `` linux '', 
  distributions are really distributions of gnu/linux . 
  yeah i only realized it later , should have just posted `` i 'd like to interject for a moment ... '', 
  not op but considering returning , is n't there a new patch that supposed to come out this month ? 
  2-3 weeks ? 
  oh that 's good then . 
  i by the way have devastator gear from wounded world ( the last patch before 65 ) mixed with the some new gear of the first 65 patch so i guess i 'm a bit fucked no ? 
  have n't played this game for over a year . 
  what happened to fireblast and why it is an obsolete skill ? 
  is n't +9 enough to run dfnm ? 
  oh i did n't know it was easy to +12 than compared to back then . 
  also , idoneal has been around for a few patches . 
  i got mine in the first 65 patch but i think i dismantled it , so i 'm fucked then ? 
  i have a mix of devastator ( from last level 60 patch ) and ambit ( from first 65 patch ), 
   secretly , however , they all want to go back to the oneshot-evasive smash days, 
  what happened to evasive smash ? 
  i have n't played for over a year . 
   either way i would stick to the 240 or newer because it 's the newest chassis and it is ( imo ) a lot better than the older 220/230 chassis, 
  but they went full retard with the keyboard change . 
  first off they simply removed the independent volume buttons , then they decided to remove one key which was insert and put it as fn + end ( absolutely disgusting ) and last one was they did n't think removing the media keys from arrow buttons and putting them on last f keys wans ' t bad enough , on the x240 they had no room so they just remove them altogether , who needs the ability to control the music without going to the player anyway amirite ? 
  what happens if you watch videos ? 
  i assume there 's no hardware decoding right ? 
  did you even read the guides people wrote ? 
   unless the deal is excellent , avoid :, 
   these are cost-cut versions of thinkpads which are thicker , are made of lower quality plastics and are less durable . 
  terrible hinges on the edge series especially , some edges have electrical shorting issues . 
  these cringy names to attract 15 year old edgy kids ffs, 
  tool - greatest hits ( with a twist ), 
  vicarious ( hard battle with the grudge ), 
  h. ( hard battle with the patient ), 
  10,000 days ( bottom very close but ca n't beat sentimental value of 10k days ), 
  the pot, 
  swamp song ( all others are filler , but i like swamp song ), 
  [ reserved for 8 ], 
  lost keys + rosetta stoned . 
  this song is so good it deserves 2 places, 
  lateralus ( this one is just unfair , if it did n't exist i 'd pick flood ), 
  right in two, 
  reflection ( i prefer salival 's pushit ), 
  triad ( only one available ), 
  \u00c6nema ( same ), 
  ( - ) ions ( see above ), 
  third eye ( not the same as above , i really like this one ), 
  looks like crap now , as the rest of the machine ... really sad what they 're doing , it just looks like a regular consumer craptop . 
  i live in portugal and bough one from california . 
  no complains and i even prefer the american layout because it 's much better for programming . 
  just find another seller , look for trusty ones with good photos and you should be good . 
  x230 's keyboard is a bit better than the newer ones . 
  x240 and newer they removed the independent volume and mute buttons , made insert into fn + end ( absolutely disgusting ) and removed f10-f12 media buttons . 
  if you do n't mind the keyboard then the only disadvantage the x230 has is it wont charge 3rd party batteries , as for the rest it is objectively superior . 
  true , i come here to enjoy the not-so-serious part of linux, 
  when i say 3rd party i mean non-genuine . 
  only genuine lenovo batteries can be charged , if you buy a chinese knock-off it will refuse to charge . 
  i do n't even play games anymore and definitely not planning on building a pc any time soon but this sub has a nice vibe . 
   switches/options, 
  are n't those called flags ? 
  do that in europe and you drive though 7 countries,
