  but you spend alot of time killing stuff . 
  what is more fun ? 
  tab target and hit your hotkeys with spells that take 3 seconds to cast and you 're bound to the ground for that time until it dies and `` evade '' skills based on your stats ? 
  or actually aim your stuff and actually dodge stuff by yourself and be always on your toes and not stand in same place and be really active during the entire fight ? 
  definetly , i used to play aion when it went f2p and though of combat as `` great '' because depending of how you move you get different bonuses ( moving forwards increases atack but decreases defense for example ) . 
  ( before aion , i played perfect world which combat mechanics are shitty as fuck . 
  that 's why i was amazed with aion combat ), 
  but then tera went f2p and i immediatly fell in love with the combat despite the quests being all the same brainless grindy shit , i still played it because ** action combat !!!!!, 
  some weeks ago my friend invited me to play aion again with him . 
  so i start a new character and god how boring that was , there was no `` sense of urgency '' and no `` activeness '' in combat . 
  this is even more noticeable in instances , where in aion ( atleast in 1 ^ st one fire temple ) it consisted on tank pulling a mob then have the healer just keep healing the tank while dps just does his rotation , all of this is stationary . 
  while in tera the boss does jumps , around him aoes , front area atacks , charges , ranged aoes , bombards the area with traps , pulls everyone and does a smashing atack , jumps on fucking trees and atacks you from there , applies various debuffs ( one very fun is inverting movement keys ) and much more . 
  this makes sure you 're always on the move and constantly adapting to various situations . 
  whoa , the concept of fun to me is more player skill focused rather than gear stats . 
  and i see that you 're the opposite . 
  and the thing you said about roles , it only applies to gw2 afaik because atleast in tera you still have the tank dps healer but the only difference is that it 's much more active and dynamic . 
  since the boss might jump around , sprint somewhere or other shit you need to be more reactive and also time your blocks ( you tank by blocking at the right time , so it 's definetly skill based ) . 
  healers is basically the same stuff , once a dps or tank gets hit ( it will hurt ) you need to heal them up quickly and/or dispel while also avoiding all of the bosses stuff to save your ass , or sometimes get dangerously close to get a res or that big heal . 
  well atleast in pve it does n't make that much difference since most people can aim a gigantic mob . 
  but in my opinion , tab targeting does n't give me much of a reward feeling since you do n't have to worry about missing stuff and keeping the aim at the mob and follow wherever he goes . 
  but in pvp i think it 's much more noticeable tab targeting vs aiming because it makes it much more player skill based . 
  atleast in tera you win at pvp by making them miss their stuff and hit your stuff . 
  there are next to none `` guarranteed damage '' skills , if you ca n't aim then you will do close to 0 dmg , but depends on class too . 
  there are some skills that are lock on but even those can be iframed if timed properly . 
  that 's the reason why i do n't play them . 
  i prefer playing with a little girl rather than a fucking slut . 
  human male ? 
   all in all , i 'm just stressing the fact that it 's more important to focus on the entire game rather than picking out one aspect and commenting on it . 
  yes i understand , but the post question was if we are spoiled by action combat , and definetly i am . 
  i love wow lore ( arthas , grom hellscream and sylvanas my fav characters . 
  for the horde ! ), 
  and i would love to experience endgame wow raiding . 
  but what really holds me back is the 13 $ per month and tab targeting combat . 
  i 've played a bit of wow from a friend acc and damn it was a painful experience ( combat-wise ) . 
  maybe i just need to force myself and eventually i 'll get used to it ... 
  this means linux support yay !, 
  i really hated when i installed swat 4 : the stetchkov syndicate only to find out that the master servers were shutdown :'( . 
  that was the only fps i played extensively and it was n't even all about shooting because 1 kill = 1 point and arrest = 5 points . 
  could you remind me what happened at the end of ac4 ? 
  i played it when it came out and i forgot : / ( spoiler tag do n't forget ) . 
  ofcourse the ps4 wo n't run it at 1080/60 . 
  the same shit happened with watch_dogs where in their ad they had `` experience chicago blablalbal at 1080 60 fps '' and i was like `` no way this is true '' and then later they removed that because the game runs at 900/30 . 
  fucking lying sony , i 'm starting to lose respect towards them for constantly lying about the game 's specs . 
  you should play like i did years ago , which was downloading oldblivion and setting there everything on low and with every graphical sexyness feature disabled . 
  those were the times . 
  it 's 900p 30fps . 
  why does linus tolvards use fedora on all his computers ? 
   dailies changed to 1/5/7 in ghillieglade , lakan 's prison and the abscess normal mode, 
  are there daily quests for these dungeons that i have n't been picking up before running them ? 
  hey , i just did renm today and i used to block the lightning with block ( zerker ) but today i tried and died why ? 
  thing is that other days i always blocked the lightning charge but today i died for some reason , i even blocked with oculus axe back then . 
  maybe it got fixed in recent patch . 
  that was like back in 2007-2008 i do n't have anything . 
  but it sure looks shitty . 
  are you serious about meth ? 
  i do n't think people smoke meth recreationally ... 
  do n't forget the tank, 
  join glorious steam !, 
  problem with reviews is that you can not get a 100 % neutral review because your age , sex , past experiences and much more stuff will always interfere . 
  i find brazillian ( huehue ) to be to most retarded way of laugh online , it can be :, 
  seriously wtf is that shit ? 
  titanfall and destiny . 
  just brute force marketing . 
  how can a game have over 35 awards if it was n't even released ? 
  hey i return just to answer with [ this short video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shpmz-zgyru ) which almost perfectly describes what i feel about tera . 
  the part which i agree the most is that combat has a sense of `` weight '' where you use your skill , jump into the air to slam the monster you can sort of `` feel '' the weight of that strike and then when it lands it 's total satisfaction . 
  just go killian . 
  i 'm actually in a guild that came from icaruna and they say it was horrible . 
  if to use 2 , i 'd use one directly facing me and other to the side . 
  it 's not `` shadowhorse '' . 
  it 's the almighty lucien lachance 's steed : ** shadowmere **, 
  ( and it 's a she ) . 
  i find it really neat since you can see how much time left with your buffs . 
  but as others said , you can configure in mcm . 
  not sure if it was well know but it was :, 
  truble makers, 
  boethia 's daedric quest . 
  that 's because skyrim was `` consolized '' . 
  i just hope the next elder scrolls will be a fully-featured proper pc game . 
  since bethesda ceo said that they did 2-3 times better on pc than they 've ever done , so i 'm hoping for them to recognize pc potential . 
  everytime you complete an instance , you get fashion coupons through parcel post . 
  right-click fashion coupons to open a store where you can buy with fashion coupons alot of costumes , your favourite armor is probably there . 
  not really , every smart party wants a warrior because of the endurance ( defense ) debuffs boost everyone 's damage . 
  edit : oh wait i missread you comment . . 
  you can still group up mobs , despite most of your abilities `` supposely '' are single target , they will still hit other monsters when they 're close because you do n't have tab targeting in tera . 
  well at 8 ^ th ( na ) and 24 ^ th ( eu ) july there was a big update which added new t15 gear and dungeons/raids/instances . 
  not sure if you were around at that time . 
  sadly , nothing . 
  oh right , there 's only 1 weapon skin for each class . 
  that is shitty . 
  i used to do this with ps2 manuals as a kid . 
  90 rubra tokens is uber bullshit . 
  you get like 3 per day ? 
  so that 's 30 days for one piece of jewelry, 
  how 's the game ? 
  i saw some videos but the gameplay animations looked pretty dated for a 2014 mmo . 
  gw2 has much better animations and it 's 2012 . 
  550 hours holy fuck this is utter bullshit . 
  this is why i use firefox . 
  whoa , you 're from icaruna according to your flair .
