  why do you need convincing ? 
  just use what 's best for you . 
  yes , windows has almost everything , but that is only because of the market share . 
  the os by itself is shit . 
  awkward directories , shit command line , fucking registry , shitty file system , retarded updates ... 
   triple aaa games, 
  so that 's aaaaaaaaa games ? 
   some spanish, 
  i guess this is from american school right ? 
  but seriously english is one of the easiest languages . 
  sorry to say this but perhaps you do not speak more than 2 languages fluently so you do n't a good idea of other languages and how complex they can become when compared to english, 
  talk to me when you get a real hobby, 
  another random fact :, 
  you are always looking at your nose , your brain just ignores it . 
  soooo where 's arch ? 
  hah just found it now , it 's the `` scientific archipelago '', 
  it would me more appropriate for gentoo to be there though ... 
   can you please make vide of it . 
  please , it wont take long time of your life just to make it , please , i wont understand these . 
  i have made many threads asking about this , please . 
  why do i have a feeling that you 're 14 years old ? 
  noo my beloved thinkpads ) :, 
  how would you interrupt then if you realize that you did it wrong ? 
  this is why he is my favorite oblivion character ... 
  which one did you buy ? 
  i love my x220, 
  yeah but the bios level crapware is for consumer laptops only . 
  what was the issue with the wifi ? 
  also the series ending with 40 have the awful one button trackpad which they reversed in later series because it was so shit . 
  oh i remember that , it sucks, 
   trackpad is n't too bad . 
  i generally just touch click everything, 
  that is probably because that was your first thinkpad , the 3 button and clitmouse were the best thing ever and when they put the 3 buttons into one, 
   ( bleeding edge stuff , incredible customizability even for linux standards , all the documentation , the aur etc, 
  all of this is true , but one strong point of arch that i think attracts a lot of users is that it is easy . 
  gentoo or slackware are also minimal and customizable but both of them are harder to use than arch while offering pretty much the same level of minimalness . 
  yep, 
  i said yes , it is still there, 
  \\  being colorblind, 
  but 4chan 's version of upvoats is replies so when you reply to someone you are giving him attention, 
  nothing is sadder than seeing your post with 0 replies , especially when it is a question . 
  this is my goal . 
  i 'm aiming to install gentoo ( already read parts of the handbook ) and after that should be lfs and after that maybe my own kernel and after that maybe my own processor from spare sillicon, 
  i 'd rather install real gentoo, 
  no wonder why you see so much of them on tf2, 
  i bless your computer my child, 
  this is why antergos is a no brainer because you will lack several skills that are only acquired if you install real arch . 
  that is the wrong way . 
  you should install real arch if you want to learn arch, 
  it is generally better to install software from your official repos rather than from internet , this is not windows :\\ ^ ), 
  kernel 3.16 for the next 5 years , no ty, 
  but what about other software ? 
  towards the end of the cycle you will be using 2 year old software ... 
  very hard question , 5 is definitely a short list, 
  bottom, 
  third eye, 
  vicarious, 
  he uses a librebooted x60 with trisquel gnu/linux ( basically a free version of ubuntu ) . 
  you can read more [ here ] ( https://stallman.org/stallman-computing.html ), 
  reminds of me of this kid a few days ago in this sub :, 
  `` could you pls make me a quick youtube video how to disable mouse acceleration pls dont send me text guides i cant read them i dont understand just make me a video pls nonono dont link me text guides i wont understand them ! '', 
  i 'm pretty sure i read somewhere that google considers windows a ` security risk ' and instead uses their own fork of ubuntu called goobuntu . 
  hey for some reason your comment is constantly getting caught in spam filter and i ca n't unspam it . 
  wait i got this !, 
  i learned hexadecimal and binary a few days ago , so 1st number is zero so it does n't count and next one is 2 so 16 * 2 is 32 haha that 's right, 
  is n't there a package called `` your-freedom '' that conflicts with anything that is n't free ? 
  what does this package do ? 
  pcmr has a ** linux ** flair not linus ... 
   thats kinda why hes got his own flair on pcmasterrace . 
  are you retarded ? 
  the flair is for linux the operating system . 
  i also read somewhere that you can only compile the kernel with glibc and gcc, 
  were n't you supposed to be gone from this sub ? 
  just wondering why you want to switch to linux ? 
  os x is pretty much the same unix environment, 
   works in it for 8 years, 
   fails at arch, 
  are you serious man ? 
  plus you acted like a tech support 's worst nightmare which is providing no information and simply telling `` it does n't work '', 
  how is the battery life when compared to windows ? 
   implying the nasa team is 100 % american, 
   implying that america is n't pretty much a country of immigrants, 
   implying that pretty much all the white people are descendants of european countries, 
   song.ogg, 
  not disappointed . 
  you should really just install arch for the knowledge and not being a fucking pleb, 
   plus reading the arch wiki does n't make you ` not a pleb ' it just means you can read . 
  so if you ca n't install arch that means you ca n't read ? 
  + ubuntu or linux mint are both targeted at new users and learning command line can be done by simply using it and looking up for tutorials for basic commands, 
  + dual boot, 
  + depends if you need windows or not, 
  damn , the thing about debian is it running on pretty much everything . 
  i seriously hoping that hiroshima nagasaki becomes the official one, 
   got to see pantera, 
  you lucky bastard, 
  i know / tech / is a lot slower than / g / but do n't direct links still 404 ? 
  we 're talking about math functions and not programming ... 
  just letting you know that i needed to approve your comment which means you were shadowbanned ( not by us , but by reddit admins ) so you should message them about it . 
  people already answered about python so i 'll answer the 2nd part, 
   and what does the term shell refer to , as well as the kernel .
