  so do you use im for rg , brnm , ainm and the new jewelry instances without any problems or people are retarded and you need manual parties ? 
  i think pewdie at the time was playing gmod . 
  i decided to buy it because i saw a random video of him playing ttt and liked the concept very much . 
  fulminate ( oculus 3 ) is enough for the jewelry runs ? 
  ( fane of kaprima shatterred fleet and rg is it right ? ), 
  why is that ? 
  are all dungeons just easy or what ? 
   disco +12, 
  wow . 
  i remember oculus was only equal to steasfast +9 from previous patch which was that middle set between starting set and the best non craftable with high masterwork chance . 
  so if it was the same then fulminate should have been equal to ambit +9, 
  you did n't mention one of the besr arch features which are aur and wiki . 
  i know gentoo also has a wiki ( and the handbook is better than beginner 's guide imo ) but it is n't overall as good . 
  how can idoneal be equal to ambit +9 ? 
  i think it probably was patron +9 from previous patch, 
  rngesus have n't been bad for me when i played ( rehm patch , planning to return now ), 
  my worst moments were probably :, 
  * 60 mes to mw weapon, 
  * over 50 rehm runs and no boots, 
  and that 's pretty much it , my good moments were, 
  * 1st zerker weapon drop and it 's keen ( the one that i wanted ), 
  * from +9 to +10 it took like 2 tries , same for +10 to +11 and to +12 it took around 10 fails 15 maximum, 
  * the two goldfinger tokens laudry chests that i opened were both blue , one was worth 20k and other 50k , since i did n't take the game seriously with gear ( best non-craftable is enough for me and i only +12 weapon and gloves ) so i wasted it in cosmetics . 
  i 'm not , it just appeared on front page . 
  although i stopped playing games entirely for a while now ( but planning to play new patch of tera ) what really kept me playing and reaching endgame unlike all other mmos was, 
  * aesthetics , game is gorgeous and it 's a great experience travelling through different zones never dissapointed, 
  * combat , combat feels great and every member of the raid needs to be constantly on the move and avoiding/blocking shit never gets old, 
  * i 'm not into anime or lolies but being a little girl and wielding a huge axe twice your size is fun to play with . 
  * as i said before i never reached max level on dozens of mmos i tried but tera 's leveling is fast so that 's a plus for me, 
  i though it worked the same way as oculus . 
  there 's no point in ambit then ... 
  it 's because +50 lvl story mode instances such as ssg , et etc. . . have very few people because you 're almost always overleveled and they simply move on onto +60 quests from the new expansion, 
  64-ln ( e ^ 5 ) * i ^ 2, 
  he probably forgot that i ^ 2 is -1, 
  it will the same because 64 - ( -5 ) is the same as 64 +5, 
   lame devs, 
  elementary os, 
  now that i got my bank card i may be finally buy gw2 when it is like 10 $ like some months ago on a big sale . 
  pre-65 patch i was running tot every hour and it took a bit more than 10 mins to complete it . 
  i sold all badges for like 600k which is not bad considering how relaxing tot was . 
  3 questions for na, 
  * are there still goldfinger tokens ? 
  * is there a mat similar to mark of bloodshed or demokron 's plasma that costs 1k and people who are n't planning to craft vm gear can sell ? 
  * have they buffed rg or let it as it is because since there 's new gear it should be easier to do it so i wonder if they changed something , same thing with alliance vault or ghilleglade did they change something to compensate the new gear making things easier ? 
   7 years linux experience and ca n't install arch, 
  are you serious ? 
  partition, 
  format and mount, 
  hostname locales and timezone, 
  genfstab and mkinitcpio, 
  install a bootloader, 
  what is the problem ? 
  2 questions for na, 
  is ghilleglade the same as it was when it came out just rebalanced for level 65 ? 
  and did they change anything to compensate new gear that came out this patch making things easier ? 
  i approved your comment but just letting you know you 're shadownbanned . 
  sorry your post got caugh in spam filter, 
  why not gentoo ? 
  my concern is with the speakers , i heard they 're horrible . 
   what is print screen, 
  why not sabayon ? 
  you 're struggling because in skyrim magic spells have a damage cap unlike in previous game where magic was godlike and weapons had their damage capped at around ~ 30 . 
  but i think you can increase damage with potions . 
  what you described does n't sound much fun , but i had great fun last time that i played was with a dual wielding build because i delt a shitload of damage but also took a lot , it was the most fun i had in skyrim . 
  so legendary difficulty can be fun for some builds and others completely obsolete like werewolf example , you deal 0 damage and get one shot by a guard arrow . 
  i agree with your friend , the most fun i had was legendary difficulty dual wielding light armored . 
   pretty much sweep the board, 
  if things are too easy then consider increasing your difficulty . 
  what ? 
  taking a photo with your camera/phone is faster than pressing one button on your keyboard ? 
  you 're probably making some small mistake or your system requires to do an extra step or something like that ( uefi is more problematic , windows might have secureboot on , etc. . . ) . 
  if kids out there with less than a month linux experience can install arch then so are you . 
  wow systemd already has its bootloader . 
  gnu/linux/systemd is becoming a reality, 
  well you could invest in alchemy and enchanting to increase smithing and enchant gear with more damage with one handed if you want . 
  there 's a youtube video on the `` trade skills '' but i 'm on phone ca n't link now . 
  nice , it means it 's gon na be easier with the new gear which is less stressful, 
  yeah , if your definition of fun is killing everybody with one shot then sure . 
  that 's the doppler effect i believe ... 
  but the guy above you did the right conversion but he just did n't post it ... 
   gunner op probably, 
  yeah ... 
  probably, 
   slayer, 
  i feel your pain , it only gets increasingly harder with leveling , you have long attacks and just one dodge and it 's especially harder when you 're like almost having your next avatar weapon but you 're still stuck with the older one that deals quite low damage . 
  oh then apologies mr. 
  and some people like a challenging game, 
  that 's because it stops time so the sound waves stay in the same place thus no distortion, 
  antergos is a fake beard . 
  install gentoo, 
  lateralus is meh but 10,000 days is fucking amazing . 
  is it because i 'm a newer fan ? 
  seriously just play the game already , it is pretty straightforward you can not screw up your character like in older mmos, 
  `` install gentoo '' is a maymay you should n't take it seriously you know that right ? 
   arch is hard to install, 
  all you need is a 3 digit iq, 
  i learned partitioning with my first distro , crunchbang , so when i got to install arch i was comfortable with cli partitioning . 
  whoa now that i think about it you can use an arch livecd to install gentoo . 
  i wonder if tools like arch-chroot and genfstab work though ... 
  only works if your car has enough power .
