  my steam library still has 9 games and 3 of them are f2p . 
  i would appreciate it very much . 
  the answer is ** yes . 
  you can ask serana after a certain point to infect you . 
  and it 's the same with us europeans and you americans . 
  i get you bro , i 'm also from ukraine but i 'm in other country so i do n't have that problem . 
  but yes the translations are horrible because they take away the jokes and stuff and it 's the same shit in movies too . 
  is n't there a option in steam to change language of the game ? 
  best ac in terms of story and characters . 
  also ac1 was released in 2007 and ac2 in 2009 i think and it was a huge improvment . 
  maybe ubi should stop with yearly releases or else this franchise will end up like cod which is a shame . 
  i played koa until the end . 
  all i can say is that in this game everything related to combat is awesome while everything else is just average . 
  combat is one of the best systems i ever played in rpgs, 
  * dodge and block for reflexes, 
  * study enemies for their weaknesses, 
  * a variety of weapons and cool spells that make you feel like a badass, 
  * and the most important : you have 3 skill trees - might finesse and sorcery ( warrior rogue and mage ) . 
  and what is cool about this is that you can mix up those 3 trees . 
  you can go pure warrior pure mage or pure rogue or mix any of them . 
  i always wanted to play a magical assassin and this game allowed me to do it . 
  example : there is this guild quest line and it sends you to a cave , meet up with some people , kill the boss and repeat . 
  but i did n't even care just because the combat is so good . 
  never had so much fun in combat in any other game . 
  but they can only do that for games that are published by ea . 
  but still very nice feature . 
  drm is hurting more honest costumers than pirates imo . 
  okay so with drm pirates ca n't play most games online , but in single player pirates win hands down . 
  a little rant :, 
  why the fuck bf3 uses a browser launcher ? 
  seriously what the fuck , why ca n't we just play the game like the old days ? 
  instead i must open a browser page about the game and launch it from there and still need to install some crapware in order for it to work fucking properly . 
  i do n't remember since i have n't sided with dawnguard long time ago . 
  my advice is just play , explore , experiment . 
  this is the best way to play a game like skyrim . 
  you often read here when some people post stories of how they completed a certain quest and how they messed it up and had a laugh, 
  example : there 's a quest in oblivion where a lady has rats in her basement and says that something has been killing them . 
  i did n't hear it right so i just went and killed the rats and only discovered that the rats were her pets after talking to the lady and i failed the quest haha . 
  but still , in single player imo pirated games are just better because you do n't have to deal with other software . 
  just double click the icon and play . 
  if we had atleast one platform for all of our games then it would be less annoying tho . 
  always the same shit over and over . 
  how 's that ? 
  i tried fnv but just can not play it over 25 hours while oblivion and skyrim both have around 500 hours . 
  i tried , tried hard but still can not play fnv despite wanting to . 
  i guess the magical land of tamriel is more interesting to me than mojave wasteland . 
  i ca n't really love the wasteland , i feel that it 's empty and unworthy to explore :(, 
  my parents bough me this pc 4 and a half years ago ( 2010 ) and this was one of the first i7s . 
  basically i think hp fucked up with these series of laptops because the cooling is horrible and alot of people have this problem . 
  i run dual-boot linux + windows 7, 
  what is the problem ? 
  now this is a smart man right here . 
  does n't use it but instead of being clouded by fanboyism but actually got the facts straight . 
  ** linux is top tier . 
  peasants will always have a fuckingly retarded comeback to everything so ... 
   console only can mostly do 30 fps, 
  we dun need moar than 30fps lol fagit human eye 15 each eye 15 +15 = 30 lern math bro, 
   pcs can do 4k, 
  fukin idiot wtf anythin moar than 1080p is stupid cuz u need liek a 1203104512 inch tv to see the diference #getyofactsstraight, 
  ability to create servers and play online with friends please !, 
  seriously even cube world in alpha 0.1.2 or whatever has this feature . 
  i pictured this as a game like gmod where there were a fuckton of user made gamemodes and pretty cool stuff . 
  dream ruined . 
  wollay and his wife for some reason do n't hire other people so the game development is going incredibly slow + the lack of communication between fans is highly frustrating . 
  the game is great tho , i probably played like 10 hours until i hacked it and it lost all the fun + water mage being op . 
  but it 's still pretty good for an alpha game . 
  edit : wollay 's last tweet was 9 may , almost ~ ~ 2 ~ ~ 1 month ago and his wife was 9 dezember . . almost 6 months . 
  do u even ** prt sc ** m8 ? 
  when you ask him about the sanctuary he will reply, 
  * you know what they say , home is where you hang your enemies ' head *, 
  in skyrim , [ where you hang your enemy 's head ... ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:where_you_hang_your_enemy%27s_head ... ) is the quest where you buy stuff for your new sanctuary . 
  / r/skyrimporn worthy, 
  what is the mod for witcher-like sword on the back holster ? 
  what 's that music player ? 
  looks ... terminalish and i love it . 
  how you exit programs if you do n't have title bars ? 
  fixed it . 
  brain malfunction . 
  * it 's open source, 
  * costs $ 0, 
  * no one owns it which means freedom, 
  * huge amount of choices from distros to desktop environments window managers etc, 
  * you can make it look exactly like you want, 
  * does n't get slow over time, 
  * can pretty much run on any shitty pc aka resurrecting it . 
  for me personally i like linux because you can make it look like a hacker pc and stuff and i enjoy when i install a new package or whatever to just look at the code being executed . 
  and i also love to use the terminal instead of guis . 
  ps : dual booting is n't a hassle as it sounds . 
  i do n't understand , assuming it worked with hamachi then how it is n't possible with a normal server . 
  sudo aptitude install mpd, 
  i guess ... on phone atm : /, 
  goddamnit that / r/leagueoflegends leak is pretty serious . 
  hello dmz_dragon . 
  just wanted to say thanks for helping out countless people getting better price/performance out of their builds . 
  also i love how you defend asrock mobos and amd , which i agree with . 
  intel and nvidia are kinda like trying to squeese our last cent but then comes amd , releases a product that performs around the same or even outperforms while costing less and then nvidia and intel need to drop prices . 
  sad that they stopped making fx series cpus though . 
  i think if you compare / r/pcmasterrace before and after peasantry free week , i 'm pretty sure that there are much less peasantry posts . 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted but i entirely agree . 
  * locked down devices,
