  ~ ~ more than once the original plans in elder scrolls had to be cut down due to console limitations . 
  both oblivion and ~ ~ skyrim was released when consoles were close to the end of their cycle . 
  edit : wrong info, 
  my bad you 're right about oblivion and morrowind but skyrim was released when the consoles were like 5 years old and i 'm 100 % sure they had to cut down cities and such because of limitations ( there is some artwork on the original cities before they were cut down ) . 
  or atleast do n't gimp the pc version if eventually the console version can not handle it . 
  people waste thousands on the best hardware and then receive a gimped experience , it 's unfair to them . 
  nope . 
  i was heartbroken when i had to do it , especially when i talked to the khajiit and he apologized for being rude to me all the time . 
  knowing multiple package managers is a nice skill to have . 
  is it adobe 's source code pro ? 
  it 's summer and kids have no school ... 
  yep i confirm that . 
  i went to 4chan / g / and it was full of microsoft shills but when i went to 8chan / tech / the windows thread was called malware edition . 
  oh i see why there 's so many upvotes on all the posts . 
  usually there are n't so many . 
  yes but during the me era linux was n't as polished as it is now, 
  devs are dicks, 
  the benefits is you keep getting firmware updates if you dual boot . 
  night eye shader switcher is an absolute must mod for me , that blue even in dungeons is just horrible . 
  i still have no idea of shadowmere 's gender though ... 
  in oblivion it 's clear that it 's a she however in skyrim it 's apparently he/she sometimes . 
  does your oblivion crash on exiting ? 
  if it does then your settings are n't being saved , so you need to download a mod called fast exit to make oblivion exit properly so it saves the changes you made, 
  ( i discovered this when i wanted to change mouse sensitivty and it always returned to the original value whenever i restarted the game ) . 
  i 'm on phone now but googling `` oblivion fast exit '' will give you the link . 
  all dofus music prior to 2.0 release, 
  chroot with a live cd and reinstall grub . 
  reminds me of a song by tool called vicarious which lyrics are kinda related to his self quote, 
  i know next to nothing about drums but vicarious ending impresses me a lot for some reason , so fucking intense . 
  it is your fault for not waiting a few weeks before upgrading to make sure shit actually worked . 
  i 've seen a lot of people that post links to imgur site instead of the image itself ... 
  translation :, 
  i never had a boyfriend because i 'm ugly, 
  in my opinion os x and linux have a direct advantage over windows simply because they have posix stardard and the shell is much better than the clusterfuck that cmd is . 
  the only reason people use windows is because of muh games and some software that they need , but this is just a consequence of it holding the market share , i never heard anyone say `` wow i love windows because it has this very cool feature '' , people simply tolerate it . 
  yolandi is weird as fuck for the music but i can still see a sexy woman behind all that . 
  stopped playing lol simply because it was n't about having fun anymore . 
  i 'd put my money on that apple being a gaming platform is very low on the priority list . 
  macs made their name of being work machines . 
  thinkpads, 
  these are business range laptops with very good build quality , drain holes for liquids so that they do n't kill the motherboard , better keyboard , trackpoint , easy to mess around with all the parts because there are plenty avaliable and a lot of guides , cheap . 
  much better than the consumer shit we see at stores . 
  alternatives include hp elitebooks , dell precision and latitude . 
  more info here http://ktgee.net/post/49423737148/thinkpad-guide, 
  why they 're crappy laptops and which one you have ? 
  the t420 costs $ 200 . 
  where can you get a laptop for that price with build quality that you can drop of a ladder and it does n't break to pieces , that you can spill a bottle of water and it has drain holes so the mobo does n't fry , has a very good keyboard and a trackpoint . 
  the only complain could be the tn screen . 
  what have you been smoking man , there are videos and articles a google search away demonstrating the punishment a thinkpad can withstand . 
  you 're right , linux is a unix clone while os x has true unix heritage . 
  but os x long ago has abandoned unix philosophy, 
  google does n't even use windows anymore because they consider it a security risk . 
  they use their own ubuntu fork called goobuntu, 
   when i installed arch using antergos, 
  stopped reading right there, 
   manjaro, 
  stopped reading right there, 
  linkin park - in the end.mp3.exe, 
  there 's a wikipedia article about it , google search `` editor war '', 
  there was this guy who was really good at this online video game had a long nick and snow show was part of it and i as a kid admired him back then and also liked the word play of it . 
  you just put your 2 fingers around it and that 's it , 8 year old children do it . 
  just a question what exactly is the purpose of chrome os ? 
  linux probably has more programs available than chrome os so putting linux there is like a straight upgrade ? 
  not anymore . 
  it 's now filled with average consumers , / v / kids and recently bunch of microsoft shills . 
  recently tried to give undertow a more careful listen , and damn `` bottom '' really blows my mind and the `` dead inside '' scream towards the end is amazing . 
  bash, 
  gentoo is also a must install because the gentoo handbook goes a bit more into detail by explaining every option so you know why you 're choosing that particular option . 
  for example my laptop was fairly old so it was full bios , which means the installation was easy because bios is pretty straightforward . 
  i did n't know that mbr and gpt partition schemes existed but gentoo handbook explained me that because it generally covers all the options . 
  when he said `` what is ... '' he was n't asking for an explanation but just pointing out the alternatives that there are . 
  commonly used in 4chan accompanied by the meme arrow ''  '', 
  example :, 
  `` i really wish there was a way to show what i 'm doing on my computer to someone else '', 
  ''  what is skype share screen '', 
  since you followed a youtube tutorial then you can also follow the post install ( it 's from a different author but your install is pretty much at the same spot . 
  it will also show you how to set up other essential things such as sudo and how to use the aur . 
  slayer always getting buttfucked by bhs . 
  they only had two glory moments which were at near launch i think where everything staggered and just after fate of arun patch, 
  oh damn , koa , the must fun i had in combat ever . 
  i could write paragraphs explaining why the combat is just so good , the combos that you can do ( you can have 2 weapons and quickly switch between them ) , you can put points into the 3 different skill trees which correspond to warrior , rogue and mage and cool thing is that you can mix them up and then choose a fate card that enchances your abilities : for example if you are a pure mage , warrior/mage or rogue/mage your dodge will be replaced by a short teleport ( blink ) and if you 're pure mage then it will be blue and cause ice damage , if you 're rogue then it will be green and cause poison damage ( warrior/mage will have no effect ) . 
  i 've always wanted to play a magical rogue and this game allowed me to do it and it was a fluid gameplay . 
  also the combat is n't just endless button mash , you need to approach every enemy with a strategy and those fuckers when in group work together to take you down . 
  examples : a huge troll is charging at you with his hammer or something , it 's a better idea to dodge that instead of blocking while a mage shooting `` heat seeking '' missiles you 're better blocking them because dodging wo n't do much good . 
  to give you an idea how i loved the combat there 's this faction questline which i forgot the name of and the questline is basically go through this dungeon with enemies and then kill the boss , rinse and repeat , and i did n't even care just because the combat is so enjoyable , just give me something to kill and i 'll be satisfied . 
  sadly the other part of the mmo ( where you are n't slaughtering your enemies ) is n't as good . 
  still does n't change the fact that slayer was almost always the underdog ( more in pvp than pve though ... ), 
  processors are n't only measured by cores and clock speed . 
  a very important part of a processor that is n't shown to us is ipc ( instructions per cycle ) , so for example i have an old pentium 4 at 3 ghz but my first gen i7 at 1.6 ghz performs much better not only because it has more cores , cache and all that but also it does much more intructions per cycle than the pentium 4 so it does n't need a very high clock . 
  ps : and if you can in future , avoid laptops with a4-12xx , a6-14xx , e series by amd , and celeron , atom , or pentium from intel because they 're budget processors that are relatively slow . 
  dofus died for me when 2.0 came out . 
  - bin on gentoo feels like cheating . 
  mystic because he 's the underdog and requires a bit more skill to be effective than priest . 
  you should n't be using chain skills in the first place ... 
  warrior has always been bluehole favorite , when he was getting a bit uneffective a while ago bhs immediately buffed him while classes like slayer and archer are ignored for most part . 
  i pronounce it as `` bizness '', 
  i tried to fool my cat with mouse pics and cat noises from the computer but he would just look at me with the `` do you think i 'm retarded '' face and go back to sleep . 
  nope , it 's arch as in archer . 
  i 'm not a fan of the channel but this particular video was enjoyable to watch back then when i discovered linux, 
   antergos,
