  does not mean that he is now owned by goldman sachs . 
  are you really that insecure that an opinion from probably tech impaired `` friends '' affected you so much ? 
  different manufacturers . 
  0c02034 ( fru 04x1353 ) is srx ( shenzhen srx technology ), 
  0c01923 ( fru 04x1240 ) is chy ( chicony ), 
  i know nothing about these new manufacturers , ask google . 
  you 're so convinced that they hate muslims so when an actual muslim comes it 's obviously staged . 
  even a few days ago ( ? ), 
  the msm was interviewing a guy who was supposedly banned in the airport and cut the part when he said that he liked trump . 
  bottom line is : do n't talk about what you do n't know . 
  are these the same polls that predicted a hillary landslide ? 
  because it is not a `` muslim ban '' . 
  it 's a ban of 7 terror-compromised list of countries that the dhs came up under obama . 
  if you actually read the executive order , there is no mention of `` muslims '' . 
   when are you righties going to understand you are in bed with evil . 
  for a leftie this empty statement above \\ ^ \\ ^ \\ ^ is supposed to have an impact or meaning . 
  i seriously want to try whatever shit that you 're on . 
  i do n't care what he said more than a year ago . 
  muslims are free to enter usa , just not the 7 countries dhs had listed for a couple of years as compromised by terrorism . 
  do whatever mental gymnastics you want but fact is , it 's not a muslim ban . 
  it would be if he actually banned muslims , but he did n't . 
  he is not my `` glorious '' leader but i like to state things how they are . 
  there was no `` muslim ban '' no matter how hard you want it to be . 
  nyt poll went from like 10 % to straight up  90 % in a couple of minutes . 
  i really ca n't imagine how can one be so blind to the bias . 
  liberals were the ones surprised `` omg how dis happen ?!?! '', 
  when trump supporters knew trump had a much higher chance of winning . 
  you did n't watch the election night live ? 
  [ never saw this graph ] ( http://newcenturytimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/screen-shot-2016-11-08-at-11.27.10-pm.png ) ? 
  did you read the executive order ? 
  there is no mention about any religion on it . 
  my point is that those estimates were total bullshit from the start . 
  there was no way that hillary clinton , who not only has the charisma of a damp rag but is/was also involved in scandal after scandal , to possibly win the election . 
  there may be infinite universes but none of them has hillary clinton as president . 
  the ones who could n't see this happening were blinded by the trump derangement syndrome . 
   that being said , there was definitely some shady stuff going on with the mass media favoring clinton heavily ( i.e. 
  biased reporting ), 
  what a relief hearing this . 
  hillary clinton never had a 80 % win chance . 
  if you believe this you either did n't closely follow the election , lived in an echochamber or just had the trump derangement syndrome . 
  you still do n't get it ... 
  you fundamentally do n't understand that the probability of a hillary win was n't that high . 
  do you really believe she had an 80 % chance of being president ? 
  it 's single player who cares . 
  game is broken by default, 
  different things work for different people . 
  at endgame i played on 100 % difficulty most of the time . 
   unconstitutional , racist muslim ban, 
  it 's not a muslim ban , it 's 7 countries, 
  this sort of ban happened many times throughout history . 
  obama banned iraqi visas for 6 months for example . 
  this whole situation is fear-mongering at maximum level . 
   reading something about economics coming from a jobless neet, 
  #rule 1 : no raycism !, 
  what a pathetic comment . 
  the world is n't 50 % nazis vs 50 % non-nazis . 
  it only is for simpletons like you who only see the world in black and white . 
  also, 
   snowflake , sensitive, 
  these insults were long ago used to mock liberals . 
  make up your own insults . 
  do n't forget the `` problematic '', 
   trump supporters just suck !, 
  haha, 
  i feel like i 'm talking to a 15 year old, 
  i find it hilarious too , shows their lack of character and unoriginality . 
  instead of making up a clever insult they just scream, 
  #no you 're the snowflake, 
  kinda like kids do . 
  you 're using linux , right ? 
   headline reader, 
  gon na use this a lot from now on . 
  stop advertising your shitty page op, 
   it 's because it 's not powerful enough, 
  are you kidding ? 
  magic is __ the __ overpowered way to fight in oblivion , customs spells are amazing . 
  after full build i had to crack up the difficulty all the way up or else i one shotted everything in the game in a 10ft radius . 
  vanilla but with perfect efficient leveling , but remember i played in max difficulty . 
  my combo were two separate spells , first a 3 element 100 % weakness and then a 3 element damage , both in a 10 ft area . 
  there 's really no point on having flac on your phone when you 're listening to music while on train or something you do n't really care about maximum quality . 
  mp3 v0 or 320 is enough . 
  try listening to albums , not individual songs . 
  thinkpads in general have a very good linux support when compared to those crappy consumer laptops you see at your local electronics store . 
  also please do n't use an apostrophe when you want to say something in plural, 
  iso , ansi , the japanese one with extra buttons it does n't matter they all fit in the same way . 
  advantages of x220 over x230 i can think right now :, 
  * native classic keyboard and layout, 
  * can use 3rd party batteries without an ec flash, 
  * easier to flash custom bios, 
  * cheaper, 
  yo yo yo it 's epikhacker12382815 and today im goin to show you how 2 install hacking os !, 
  what you need to do is do exactly what i show you because i actually do n't know/can ' t explain what i 'm doing . 
  i hate these type of tech illiterate videos, 
  if you have a 2 digit iq, 
  you have '' ( hacking os ) '' on the post title you fool, 
  \\  break law, 
  \\  suffer consequences, 
  there 's truly no justice in this world t_t, 
  you 're right i 'm a retard did n't read title, 
  3rd world internet users ...
