  but crackers see this drm as a challenge rather than an obstacle , i remember when they were all pround when they cracked ubisoft 's assassin 's creed 2 drm . 
  this drm shit hurts honest costumers much more than pirates . 
  people even pirate stuff that they buy just to remove that stupid drm . 
  openbox master race, 
  keyboard and mouse . 
  simply because of more buttons and mouse is more accurate in aim than a controller . 
  when i 'm playing with a controller ( tekken emulation ) i feel restricted , like if i 'm a formula 1 driver and they give me a kid 's bycicle . 
  titan 's price/performance is very bad for gaming . 
  i do n't have my life settled yet i do n't even know if i still gon na be in this country . 
  but i think i wo n't outgrow gaming since i love fucking around with pcs . 
  i remember back then when i slapped a 8800gt on my hp desktop too , but then decided to return it because i though my pentium 4 would bottleneck it . 
  ( i was 11 years old though ), 
  do n't you feel that two-handed weapons are very slow ? 
  i 've been trying to play a two-handed character but the slow swing of greatsword ( which are the fastest of 2h ) just kills it for me . 
  well i guess i just install origin since it 's free . 
  i 'll probably wo n't even play it much since i 'm not much into fps genre especially these kind where you have level ups and shit and new players get owned by farmed up ones . 
  i do n't understand the pre order thing , like ... the game is n't going anywhere . 
  can somebody explain me how this game works ? 
  i keep seeing people with crazy guns and somehow when i pick them up i kill everybody and normal weapons i ca n't kill nothing . 
  do those cool looking weapons also affect damage or just for aesthetics ? 
  new to linux , ubuntu never caugh my attention despite being the most popular , no idea why . 
  love my intuition . 
  ** ftw . 
  love how it 's a minimal distro but most of the time mininal ones need configurations while # !, 
  already has a bunch of generic stuff and it helps new linux users that want simple stuff . 
  have n't joined yet but still browse . 
  / r/leagueoflegends is leaking again ... 
  4k is actually 2160p, 
  5400 rpm hdd ? 
  this is 2014,5 brother !, 
  i just have one problem in # ! . 
  i ca n't find the settings of maximum cpu performance ( i 'm on laptop ) . 
  in windows i have it set at 80 % or else my pc will burn itself but in # !, 
  i ca n't find the options of maximum cpu performance . 
  so when i play a 720p video on youtube my pc starts to melt ... do you have any idea how to change this ? 
  definetly gon na try this out once i get back home . 
  thank you and have a nice day , 
  does n't anyone use iceweasel ? 
  none on my class browse reddit , so i just go like [ this ] ( http://stevelisted.com/images/american-pie-girl.png ), 
  they wanted to * tan * ... 
  i teach them how to * sin * ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ cos, 
  being mma fighter is still manly as fuck even if you get ko'ed . 
  do u even [ res ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) m8 ? 
  back in my day i hit the grass with hoe for seeds . 
  back in my day when i took damage i would hear `` ooh !, 
  ooh !, 
  ooh !, 
  ooh ! '', 
  back in my day obsidian took 15 seconds to mine, 
  back in my day the minecraft landscape was just trees and ups and downs, 
  back in my day i would fire arrows like a machine gun, 
  back in my day all wooden planks were the same colour, 
  back in my day my ladder was always skipping one block, 
  back in my day the mobs were stupid as fuck, 
  back in my day my food did n't stack and it restored health, 
  back in my day i could n't sprint, 
  back in my day redstone took a shitload of time to mine, 
  back in my day i did n't have repeaters so i used double inverters, 
  back in my day zombie pigmen dropped cooked porkchop, 
  hey , just wanted to ask a question about des . 
  do you use gnome or kde ? 
  because they also for some reason do n't `` catch my attention '' i do n't even use a de atm ( openbox + tint2 + conky + some xfce stuff ) . 
  i know there are other alternative window managers . 
  but do they diferentiate much ? 
  because i think what window managers do is just border around the windows , minimizing , resizing ... what made you choose openbox vs others like blackbox , enlightment , hackedbox or even twm ? 
  10-ish seconds now, 
   i got too much free time at work ... and yes , my flair is a joke . 
  oh and last question . 
  i know that distros have diferent packages and stuff , but i 'm using crunchbang which is a debian based . 
  is there any big diference between # !, 
  and debian ? 
  if i installed debian + openbox would it be the same as # !, 
  or am i missing something ? 
  yes ... ? 
  i did that alot in oblivion, 
  old habits die hard . 
  how to add icons to openbox 's rightclick menu ? 
  hey i just have a question . 
  how to remove the border around the window in conky ? 
  i searched all over . conkyrc but could n't find any option . 
  i 'm using the trasparent theme from that pack that you linked, 
  i 'm a new linux user but i did n't go for fancy friendly distros like ubuntu or mint and also i do n't use gnome or kde in fact i do n't even use a de , just openbox . 
  the way that i have fun is costumizing my desktop with conky and tint2 . 
  and reading all those config files to see what can i change . 
  what 's that ? 
  who the fuck plays with arrows ? 
  nevermind man , i do n't have compiz only openbox, 
  i managed to remove it by setting, 
  open_window_type desktop, 
  having a separate partition for / home means that i can install new distro and the home folder will still have all my old stuff ? 
  you format partitions when on installer from another distro or you first format and only then install other distro ? 
  i 'm also running on dual-boot so i 'm limited with partitions . 
  do you watch austin evans ? 
  i ca n't make new partitions because of 4 partitions per hdd limit ... 
  backing up on usb flash drive works too i think . 
  i never win anything :(, 
  i enjoyed much portal than portal 2 . 
  but did n't you finish the first one ? 
  because portal 2 has alot of references to the first game that you probably missed . 
  could you msg me ftl key please ?
