  you can start by joining a guild appropriate for your character . 
  no , do n't worry about it, 
   what are the exact level requirements ? 
  10 , if i recall correctly . 
  authoritarian neoliberalism is based upon elevating themselves as the spreaders of truth and having the moral high ground while the opposition is fundamentally evil and their followers are too stupid to realize that . 
  authoritarian neoliberalism is very violent and intolerant if you have the opposing view or even just do n't agree with their views . 
  the idea that there is a large group of rational people who do not share their views is completely foreign to them . 
  they have decided that any other way of looking at the world is unacceptable and you 're racist you 're stupid you 're sexist and all those buzzwords we all know, 
  it 's so ironic because what is described in 1984 is basically sjw utopia . 
  the next song is so good that most of the time i skip because i just ca n't wait any longer , sorry . 
   most of the time, 
  i did n't say i always skip the song, 
  thinkpad in name only, 
   except he does n't want immigrants at all, 
  that is not true . 
  why are you bullshitting on / r/quityourbullshit ? 
  are you braindead ? 
  you made a stupid claim and ca n't back it up , that 's it . 
  either back it up or shut the fuck up, 
   y' all, 
  fucking cancer, 
  it 's you . 
  you made a stupid claim ( trump does n't want immigration ) and i 'm asking you to back it up, 
  no i did n't , very funny joke bro xd ( not ), 
  anyway no point in keeping this conversation since you 're starting to dodge now, 
  companies do n't give a fuck that their employees might get eye cancer , that is why i guess there 's still options for shitty 768p on recent thinkpads, 
  mixing weakness + damage in a single spell does not work . 
  you need to first cast the weakness and then the damage as 2 separate spells, 
  how are those losers not tired of being completely wrong for almost 2 years now non-stop ? 
  i swear that you could have 2 pieces of paper with statements about trump and asked to choose which one is correct , given enough time a monkey ( assuming it chooses randomly ) would have chosen more correct answers than the hysterical nutjobs at / politics . 
  every week you see those delusional retards saying this is it impeachment time boys lets gild the submission 25 times yes !, 
  but then it 's fake news and let 's just forget about it , next week he 's definitely going to be impeached . 
  poor lads, 
  just to think , 8 more years of this . 
  beautiful, 
   because they blackmailed the president and interfered in the election ... 
  you 've been indoctrinated by / r/politics for too long, 
  right-click is not a good choice if you 're doing the block trick to cast faster, 
  if you hold block with any weapon and then cast a spell , the animation `` cooldown '' between spells is reduced so you can cast another spell earlier than what you normally would . 
   remember this gem from cbs news ... 
  absolutely . 
  fucking scumfuck bastards , this was one of the few times it god me legitimately pissed . 
   this guy is a fucking moron . 
  not really , spicer manhandles the fuck out of annoying reporters and is so satisfying to watch, 
   without a graphics card, 
  you probably mean without a _ dedicated _ graphics card . 
  you ran your game on an _ integrated _ graphics card , which of course are less powerful but modern ones handle oblivion just fine . 
   i also wanted to applaud the mods and users of this subreddit for keeping / r/oblivion fairly serious and squarely focused on the game . 
  the credit goes 100 % for the users for keeping this sub ( mostly ) meme-free . 
  mods here only remove spam posts and i prefer it that way ( i hate removing posts ) . 
  the dramatic music is perfect here, 
  good analysis , oblivion is definitely the least meme-y of the 3 . 
  by the way i have a question , how did you learn to write how you do ? 
  your posts are not just `` walls of text '' that most users skip and go to the tl ; dr. 
  they are written as if it was a story , they have this natural flow with a good structure that makes reading very easy and entertaining . 
  every time i want to post something i think `` this time it 's gon na be like one of / u/bobcrosswise 's posts '' but it ends up being just a wall of text with repeating ideas and poor structure . 
  definitely . 
  in terms of just illuminating the keyboard , i believe the backlight is superior and cleaner/subtle while the thinklight feels like a macgyver hack `` yo lets put a mini lamp that shines on top of the keyboard that works i guess '' . 
  however with the thinklight not only you 're getting your keyboard illuminated , but also your surroundings - i was surprised many times how useful it was . 
  i only tried x220 thinklight , and as / u/ibmthink said , sometimes i felt blinded depending on what angle the screen is . 
  but that is a small issue easily fixed ... if thinklight ever comes back . 
  oh and i forgot to mention is that , obviously , you know a lot about the game . 
  that paired with good writing skills makes the posts even better . 
   for what it 's worth though , i like your posts . 
  in fact , yours is the first name that would come to me in considering the standout posters here . 
  was n't expecting that , since english is not my native tongue and all my english knowledge comes from talking a lot in online gaming and more recently - discussions on the internet . 
  thanks !, 
  and by the way , your posts were what made me try to get better at writing . 
  hate to be that guy but you probably mean sxga ** + ** ( 1400x1050 ) since sxga is 5:4 1280x1024 . 
  also , 14 '' uxga is only for t60 . 
   when i try to learn foreign words , the best i can manage is to associate them with their english equivalents - for whatever reason , i just ca n't make the jump to the point at which the word is directly associated with the thing it represents . 
  i would n't worry about it , all you need is more practice . 
  and by practice i mean hours and hours of listening/talking/typing / reading / in that language exclusively . 
  i 'm pretty sure nobody makes it simply by learning random words and expressions . 
  they say a good way to learn a language is to simply go to that country and just try to survive ( assuming that country does n't know english that you can cheat ) . 
  we non-native english speakers have the blessing of hollywood and the internet - an english speaking `` country '' just a click away . 
  i learned english this relatively good ( compared to my peers ) because every day for years once i came from school i `` traveled '' to an english speaking country which is the internet and spoke ( wrote ) it exclusively , and i 'm still doing it . 
  but muh evil capitalism !!!!!!!!, 
  i want free shit, 
  i wanted to go msata ssd + hdd for mass storage but i guess that would eat my battery life hard . 
  ca n't wait to buy one in 2022, 
  why this `` opinion '' only comes from people who never used arch ? 
  what makes you think you are qualified to talk about it ? 
  okay mas a gente ta a falar do comunismo . 
  larga as outras merdas e foca-te no tema . 
  o resto do post \u00e9 basicamente mais do mesmo . 
  i think they only pay attention to theoretical socialism/communism and completely ignore real-world consequences . 
  which is why they are unable to reflect upon dozens of failures because from their point of view , there is nothing wrong with their ideology . 
  that is why you buy them in 2022, 
   due to bots, 
  you just do n't know what high energy means, 
  yeah just call both sides retarded that will show reddit how smart you are, 
  not entirely true . 
  only the ps3 north american goty edition is affected . 
  the standard copy has no glitch , and the european goty has a simple workaround . 
  his info is not entirely true . 
  only the north american goty edition has this glitch . 
  the european one has a workaround . 
  coming from oblivion , skyrim 's guild questlines are a massive disappointment . 
  they do not have the same progression flow that oblivion has , in skyrim it 's 2 or 3 quests and you 're already among the elite , 2 or 3 more quests and you 're the guild leader .
