  fru number, 
  just saying that thinklight is superior . 
  sure it is not `` cool '' looking and `` stylish '' but thinkpads are not about that . 
  7850 --  r9 ~ ~ 270 ~ ~ 265 --  r7 370, 
  he speaks against the reddit hivemind, 
  he received andy 's personal approval despite being underweight, 
  you 're right i checked their core config . 
  pitcairn holding up like a boss though ... 
  15.6 '' 1366x768 are cancer . 
  i recently walked though an electronics store and finally saw some 1080p cheap consumer laptops . 
  thank god it 's finally dying . 
  or just start putting quality displays since thinkpads are all about beyond the specs ... 
  t60 from a decade ago has a nice 1600x1200 affs/flexview amazing screen with pretty thin bezels that kicks the crap out of new screens . 
  lelnovo does n't seem to understand the whole point of having multiple product lines . 
  they keep screwing around with the real thinkpads by making them more macbooky and thus compromising signature parts that made the brand what it is . 
  not saying that i 'm that nostalgic fuck that just wants to use his t43 from 2005 till i 'm dead . 
  i 'm for making things slimmer and lighter , i do n't want to carry around the fucking brick , but when they compromise tank-like build and modularity for weight then it 's not okay , do that to the other lines like x1c . 
  my friend said he used 96 % alcohol on the screen and it was fine . 
  is it true ? 
  [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldmcmmvia8a ), 
  where did you read that it was 300 nit ? 
  thanks . 
  i underestimated it , you know because usually companies list the specs like `` latest and fastest i7 6th gen ( tm ) , beautiful hd graphics , good looking screen '' . 
  this is not related to oblivion . 
  also you ca n't run oblivion natively on a mac . 
  hw decoding on firefox when ? 
  formally not . 
  but technically it was one of the ( if not the ) example of free and open source models . 
  university of california , berkeley , bough a copy of unix , at the time software was sold in source code form ( hardware was not standardized ) , heavily modified the source code , renamed it to berkeley software distribution ( bsd ) and distributed it for free . 
  while unix and bsd fought if that was legal or not , linux was created , released under a free license so everybody moved to linux . 
  thus bsd fell into obscurity and linux thrived . 
  bsd changed it 's license and it became gpl compatible and `` free '', 
   but non-copylefted software can still be free software , and useful to the free software community . 
  you can just install different gtk themes and icon themes . 
  numix is a popular one, 
   i ca n't find it at decent price in europe, 
  where did you get those numbers ? 
  is there any reason to get the t460 over the t450 ? 
  you can get a t450 for much cheaper and it seems to be better in every way, 
  actually , a lot of parts of os x are open-source . 
  they have an open-source os called darwin and os x is based upon that with proprietary gui and some drivers . 
  basically the foundation is open-source and the high-level components are proprietary . 
  definitely less locked down that windows . 
  apple ca n't just open up their secrets to everybody . 
  it 's what they 're known for and i doubt it will happen any time soon unless something radical happens within the company . 
  factions , simply an amazing experience, 
  landscape , i really love the forests such as south of cheydinhal , west of skingrad and around chorrol . 
  music , just perfect, 
  journal is immersive and i love that * ding * sound effect . 
  the age of an average youtuber hovers around 13 years old so no surprises there . 
  $ 0 is the name of script itself right ? 
  just like char * argv [ ] in c, 
   i 've been using ubuntu quite passively for around 3-4 years now, 
  you 'll be fine . 
  i moved to arch after ~ 1 month of crunchbang, 
   the important things about arch to me is that i have good control over my system , i install only the packages i need ( no bloatware ), 
  this is so terribly wrong . 
  an [ arch developer himself said that arch is not minimal and quite `` bloated '' actually ] ( https://lists.archlinux.org/pipermail/arch-general/2015-july/039443.html ), 
  some interesting quotes, 
   it has never been a minimalist distribution . 
  splitting packages is rare, 
  compared to other distributions , and dependencies are n't made optional, 
  whenever possible . 
   it has also never been a distribution offering much user freedom /, 
  choice compared to gentoo and even debian . 
  there are very few cases, 
  where there are multiple packages offering different configurations of, 
  the same project . 
   arch is the * opposite * of a user-centric freedom . 
  the opinion of users, 
  has no weight here . 
  only the developers have an opinion , and there, 
  are n't voting systems as there are in debian . 
  technical decisions are, 
  made based on merit via consensus among the developers , not popularity . 
  never understood the point of using a distro wallpaper, 
  with a pretty big decrease in power consumption . 
  it matters more than you think . 
  look at nvidia , everybody was jizzing over  muh power efficiency even if it saved like 5 dollars per year on electricity bill when compared to amd . 
   using backticks as apostrophe, 
  david hill said in an interview that it would be nice if it was released on the 25th thinkpad anniversary which is 2017 , but no deadlines . 
  about the surveys , it boggles my mind how some people still want new stuff like backlit keyboards , chiclet keys , no latch , etc. . . on a - retro - thinkpad design . 
  what the hell ? 
  me too . 
  i though that i was a clg fan because of doublelift but i guess my tsm dislike is bigger . 
   i want, 
  it 's not about what you or i personally want . 
  it 's a - retro - thinkpad and it should have retro features , that 's the whole point of this retro thinkpad project . 
  ( emphasis on retro ), 
   or those 4:3 lcd, 
  get out now . 
  do n't tell me that you want a 16:9 media oriented screen on a fucking - business - workstation machine . 
   not doing something like, 
  sudo dd if = / dev/zero of = / dev/sda, 
   weird buggy version of i3, 
  you mean twm ? 
  i agree with this philosophy . 
  an os is a tool just like a hammer is to a carpenter . 
  put your t61 internals into a t60 affs/flexview 1600x1200 screen . 
  oh my , / u/bobcrosswise is back .
