  a redditor posted it on both 4chan and reddit like 2 days ago . 
  dude , there is a wiki page, 
  all it needs is a bit of reorganizing . 
  that 's why i said we need to reorganize it . 
  the main page should be what it 's called - index . 
  then we need another separate page talking about various distros . 
  i 'm talking about free as in freedom , the ethical part . 
  kde mascot is probably one of the best i 've ever seen . 
   intel hd graphics 50000, 
  whoa , are you from the future ? 
  nice , the x220 is probably one of the best tech purchases i did . 
  my next project gon na be a [ t601 frankedpad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvcopj6ilya ) which will use the t60 chassis and uxga ips flexview screen combined with t61 internals , only way it could be better is if it could flash libreboot , but it is n't supported yet for some reason . 
  yeah , but for shitposting and light casual programming should be enough . 
  what distro you were running and how 's battery life ? 
  why thinkpad ? 
  * they 're really cheap when you buy a used one, 
  * splash-proof keyboard thanks to drainage holes . 
  * keyboards feel excellent while typing , yes even the new ones . 
  * great durability , your data is what it protects most , if it happens to be thrown out of a tall building or run over by a truck . 
  the casing will deal with daily wear and tear like it 's nothing . 
  * utilitarian design , stuff like indicator leds , great keyboard key layout ( on x220 , t420 models and earlier ), 
  * docking solutions that easily turns your laptop into a desktop ( not performance wise of course ! ), 
  just sitting it down, 
  * easy to repair , upgrade and maintain thanks to readily available hardware maintenance manuals for almost every model and spare parts are easy and cheap to obtain, 
  * trackpoint ( that red thing on the middle of the keyboard ) , great for those who type a lot or hate swiping their fingers all over a touchpad . 
  works surprisingly well for first person games , if you 're into that . 
  more at http://ktgee.net/tpg, 
  it 's posix . 
  an x series thinkpad or any 12 inch dell latitudes or hp elitebooks are portable as fuck and deal with wear and tear like it 's nothing ( the hp ones have military certs for dust , humidity , shock , temperature , etc. . . ) . 
  i throw mine in the bag and forget about it . 
   the stories here are an artistic work of fiction , only a fool would take anything here as a fact . 
  linux and os x are both unix-like and have much more similarity between them than with windows . 
  windows is a big clusterfuck and cmd or the new powershell is total crap . 
  if you zoom in you 'll see both bought the x201, 
  [ more stallman , the epic prankster ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/btrxalmccaafdp_.jpg ), 
  [ 30 second video , the last mit hacker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1dfwtr755i ), 
  what the fuck ? 
  this is wrong . 
  the hd 520 is an integrated gpu that is right but it 's much better than the recommended specs because it came out like a few months ago with the new skylake architecture from intel . 
  no , he 's wrong . 
  your integrated gpu will be more than able to run oblivion , the reason is because oblivion is now a 10 year old game and your igpu came out a few months ago . 
  so despite being integrated it is much much better than the recommended specs from a decade ago . 
   intel hd graphics is the bare minimum for windows to boot , it will not play games which are extremely intensive on graphics processing units, 
  wrong . 
  this was true like 10 years ago but now modern intel iris and amd apus are more than able to handle games at moderate settings . 
  so running oblivion which is a 10 year old game is no problem even for my intel hd 3000 which came out in 2011 . 
  considering how a $ 400 iris broadwell beats a $ 70 apu only by a few frames i can see why they would want this . 
  dude , a late 2015 integrated gpu is more than enough to play a 10 year old game . 
  depends what kind of hd graphics you 're talking about . 
  he 's got a new one so it 's no problem, 
  yeah lenovo acknowledged how crappy the trackpad is and fixed in next series . 
  never about that glitch though, 
  this guy has a different opinion that maybe you could learn something and improve yourself and you downvote him ? 
  fucking idiots seriously . 
  elitists are good because they know what they 're talking about so instead of crying `` muh cyberbullying '' like a faggot how about you take it as an incentive to learn something ? 
  gayming laptops generally is a bad idea . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted but :, 
   arch has always been a simple distribution in terms of the developer, 
  perspective , not the user one . 
   it has also never been a distribution offering much user freedom /, 
  choice compared to gentoo and even debian . 
   arch is the * opposite * of a user-centric freedom . 
  these are all quotes from an arch developer himself . 
  more here https://lists.archlinux.org/pipermail/arch-general/2015-july/039443.html, 
  this is reddit what do you expect ? 
  you 'll immediately get downvoted once you use `` offensive '' words no matter what . 
  it can never be popular with its literal cuck license . 
  many companies ( sony , nintendo ... ) use * bsd and do not contribute back or even credit the * bsd projects . 
  i loved mine too, 
  ^ ( in need for speed underground 2 ), 
  i think it just has to have `` somewhere '' a credit but that somewhere is not very visible . 
  some people hate it because ubuntu 12.04 implemented it too early and it was a broken piece of shit . 
  have you tried how battery lasts in windows ? 
  do n't get me wrong i love linux but battery life is almost always crappier than on windows . 
  yes , but i 'm going to switch . 
  arch is not `` minimal '' or about `` user choice '' . 
   custom kernel, 
  will probably do it after switching, 
  packer, 
  bspwm, 
   thinkpad, 
   nvidia gpu, 
  hell no, 
   proprietary driver, 
  intel only has open source, 
   firefox or chromium, 
   abp , ublock origin , privacy badger, 
  ublock origin, 
  google ( ashamed ), 
  nope, 
  yep, 
  suck at it . 
  i like echoing and redirecting the stdout to the file than using a text editor like a pleb . 
  my guess is full voltage vs low voltage processors . 
  that 's why t430 is probably the best performance/price and best overall choice right now if you do n't mind the 6 row chiclet keyboard . 
  but everybody here seems to have a `` processor syndrome '' where they fall under the consumerism mentality of having the latest ( tm ) and greatest ( tm ) intel processor ( tm ) . 
  there 's even a post right now where are guy upgraded from a t450s to a t460s , like what the fuck ? 
  love that one . 
  overall the part where i enjoyed most of the whole show was season 1 after spartacus became the bringer of rain , slayer of theokoles , a legend . 
  deciding between debian , void , gentoo or perhaps fedora ( want that red hat experience , might be useful in career ) .
