  i bough that card like 5 or 6 years ago haha . 
  i know but i did n't rly understand why with caps but it 's funny for some reason , oh well it 's the internetz . 
  also , [ mages guild spoiler ] ( #s `` i loved the process of killing that motherfucker , he tried to drown me ! '' ), 
  i do n't really remember since i was a little kid . 
  all i wanted was to play oblivion . 
  but why you 're getting such outdated card ? 
  but that has nothing to do with simplicity . 
  was n't she supposed to be doing this in anvil ? 
  it 's part of a fighters guild quest . 
  ooooh for some reason that looked like skingrad for me . 
  i 'm really sad how ppl downvote this : /, 
  something strange happened after / r/unixporn 2.0 but i do n't really know ... 
  i do n't really know , maybe i 'm just imagining stuff . 
  so this means pvp is actually balanced in order for them to host a tourney ? 
  balanced means every class is viable in pvp, 
  i actually enjoy playing on others ' guitar because mine is bad : /, 
  you know , i actually find more enjoyable when people say clever stuff and kind of talk seriously while still using peasant logic ( cinematic feel , etc ) makes it funny rather than random nonsebse 0mgz c0n10les ru1z or even almost unreadable text . 
  i read some time ago a really good example of what i 'm talking about but i ca n't find it : /, 
  wil it hav cinematyk xperiens ? 
  plox devs we kno dat human eye kont c moar dan 29.69 fps . 
  anyway the game looks fun , too bad i 'm not in position to buy games right now . 
  i 'm sad there 's no * nix setups . 
  this !, 
  oh and i should preface this with what i 'm saying below is about pc meant for gaming . 
  edit : and that it is also my opinion . 
  i 'm not really fond of these liquid cooling , expensive cases , $ 200 mobos i7s and all expensive shit and then a 770 ( 4gb why ? 
  there 's the 290 which also has 4gb ) . 
  not trying to be rude or anything but it 's really more enjoyable seeing a budget build when people smartely ( not sure if that 's a word ) used their money to get the best gpu possible for their budget . 
  example : a 280x on a $ 600 budget ? 
  wow that 's amazing !, 
  ( not sure if that 's possible but you get the idea ) . 
  a $ 1200 build with a 760 ? 
  naah . 
  the most sad thing when i read this stuff is then i realise that this is probably happening to some poor cat out there in the world . 
  eu player here . 
  i just got on my 2nd try a `` battle ready snow tiger '' mount . 
  this is very rare since i have bad luck in gambling but whatever , anything can happen . 
  this was my dream come true . 
  oblivion is in my top 3 favourites of all time and when i discovered reddit and / r/oblivion i was very dissapointed by the inactive mods , now i 've got given the chance to make it better and thats what i really want . 
  i do n't get it : c, 
  hahahahaha ... wish i had lan party . 
  what games do these guys play there ? 
  not really , 1080p 60 fps is okay with this . 
  just do n't get super ultra high res textures and stuff like that . 
  also congratz on building a pc , definetly worth it . 
  well i keep it with me just as a collection relic . 
  damn , moto g is my next phone for sure . 
  does it have any competitors at it 's price ? 
  maybe i can sell it for more because i have flappy bird hahahah . 
  i ca n't understand how people fall for this shit, 
  `` someone did something , you wo n't believe their reaction ! '', 
  `` tv star accidentally showed her intime parts ( +18 ) '', 
  `` this man did the unbeliavable !, 
  see for yourself and be amazed '', 
  `` this man suicided after not being accepted to a reality show ! '', 
  `` this little girl made everyone cry with her angel voice ! '', 
  first of all thanks for the generosity op . 
  well i have a samshit galaxy s duos . 
  bough it without doing a research so i knew nothing about phones at that time . 
  anyway , the only feature i like is the 4 inch screen since new phone screens are all equal or above 4.5 inch as far as i know . 
  what is worse than 10 babies in a bag ? 
  1 baby in 10 bags . 
  i 'm looking more at the moto g. 
  it 's within my price range and is n't too big ( 4.5 inch ) . 
  also has good specs and motorola for some reason has really `` charmed '' me with their low price , good quality phones . 
  thanks for the gold again !, 
  i wish i could do this :(, 
  i really like my games but i ca n't play for more than 1,5 hours without getting bored . 
  it ' a very weird because i really like gaming but i just do n't have any will to play . 
  * that jingle jangle jingle !, 
  jingle jangle !, 
  assassin 's creed 2 . 
  `` ezio 's family '' is amazing . 
  i think it 's no longer allowed . 
  / b / is not what it used to be . 
  because ass was made for shitting . 
  * for the one they call ... ... . *, 
  * johnny quitaaaaaaaaar *, 
  stevie ray vaughan . 
  guitar players know it . 
  there goes another mod for the wiki page !, 
  am i the only one who uses a cheap mouse and feels okay with it ? 
  with the r9 290 , there 's basically no reason for going with a 770 4 gb when talking about pure performance . 
  i think it 's the empire symbol . 
  edit : which in turn is akatosh, 
  i 'm pretty sure i also feel in love with the open-world and exploration . 
  oblivion was my first open-world rpg experience and i loved watching my friend playing it and he was like `` hmm let 's go to skingrad '' and i 'm like `` cool we can go wherever we want ! '', 
  and then i met dissapointment when oblivion was n't working on my integrated graphics on a pentium 4 processor . 
  so i later discovered oldblivion : played on the lowest possible , 640x480 , game would crash alot especially during intense battles but something just kept me going for like 2 years until i got my current pc which can run it decently . 
  when does this come to eu ? 
  just wondering what class are you playing ? 
   zerkers are pretty outclassed 1v1 . 
  later, 
   you can definitely win a 1v1 against any equally geared class, 
  so i need lots of skillz , timing , aim , good ping to do this right ? 
  no idea . 
  what i do know is that oldblivion `` downgrades '' pixel and vector shaders from 2.0 to 1 . x so it allowed me to play . 
  pcs + ? 
  how are the temps ? 
  and did you do any oc ?
