  `` look at this note i found in the ragged flaggon '', 
  `` dae have like 1000 potions that he never used ? '', 
  `` skyrim night sky is beautiful '', 
  `` paint me like one of your french girls draugr '', 
  `` 18482019 hours and i did n't know you could [ do something ] '', 
   wow that 's cringy . 
  agree , anything not directly related to your social life especially video games is cringy to post on fb . 
  this really depends on how your skills are set up and what kind of perks you have . 
  you said `` exquisite daedric sword '' but you should be leveling your smithing so that you can make it legendary . 
  also get some free magic resistance ( lord stone and agent of mara quest ) . 
  i see a different pattern, 
  2 years difference between oblivion and fallout 3, 
  3 years difference between fallout 3 and skyrim, 
  4 years between skyrim and fallout 4, 
  so if the pattern continues it will be 5 years after fallout 4 which i understand because games are taking longer to make than before and since the massive popularity of skyrim they need to make sure not to dissapoint a ton of fans . 
  that one is from 4chan, 
  that one is ~ ~ 4chan ~ ~ tumblr, 
  one of the few mmos i got to the end game . 
  did over 60 rehm raids and it felt nice after having much experience to a lot of times carry the raid as a berserker because i could tank by outthreading an average lancer and stay alive when most people died like 30 % plant ( still did n't get my deva boots tho after all those runs ) . 
  was in a pretty chill guild nothing serious , was friends with a cool guy that i spent 7h straight in sync dance talking about random shit . 
  one of my fav things to do with him was to run tot because it was a chill easy dungeon and you could make easy money like 600k with those badges just from 1 run . 
  nexus was chill too , the jewelry runs ( lp abnm and ghille ) had good drop rates and fast queue . 
  when the 65 patch hit they removed some of my favorite things . 
  tot , nexus ... badges were not tradeable ... rg had awful drop rates and it was annoying to run it twice . 
  so i did like 11 brnm runs and then stopped playing . 
  i currently do n't play any games but i maybe will try tera again i heard of new patch , the `` new '' content and see what they have done with my berserker . 
   i have heard that people do not like the unity shell of ubuntu , so i was wondering if there would be a better option ? 
  ubuntu with a different desktop environment [ ubuntu flavours ] ( http://www.ubuntu.com/about/about-ubuntu/flavours ) i see a lot of people that like xfce so maybe try that . 
  i think the cause of the problem is nvidia drivers, 
  hmm and i was wondering if my devastator set would be still viable haha, 
  really ? 
  i remember how it was just like 2 or 3 days after patch , 4 hours per day wasted and at the end all party members quit . 
  same purpose when we were at wounded world patch and manaya 's core , kelsaik 's raid , wonderholme , kezzel 's gorge , etc. . . existed . 
  ninja edit : you have killian on your flair , did the go berserk patch hit eu already ? 
  you should n't be using spacebar in the 1st place ... 
   i do n't understand the spacebar joke, 
  did you ever play any other class ? 
  can someone explain me why warriors keeps getting random buffs while he never was underpowered since f2p patch ? 
  i have n't played for a while , the new gunner class am i missing something i see only 10 skills in your hotbar . . 
  so slayer in bottom of food chain again ? 
  that did n't last long ... 
   and were n't too great in pvp, 
  what ? 
  warrior always was atleast top 3 in pvp since forever ... 
  ty for explanation i guess i just did n't play during the time when warrior was nerfed ... 
  but still slayer is the one always getting sodomized by bluehole, 
  install gentoo, 
  you need to download it first, 
  uesp ( :, 
   realism, 
  true . 
  never had i so much fun with combat in a rpg . 
  you have a lot of weapons and you can equip 2 at same time to switch easily between them and do fancy combos . 
  i honestly had more fun with koa combat than skyrim . 
  my favorite feature is the destiny cards . 
  for those who do n't know you have 3 skill trees ( might finesse and sorcery which is like warrior rogue and magic ) and you can put points there with each level and you can ** mix ** them , i 've always wanted to play a magical rogue and this game let me do that . 
  all the combinations you want are there , you just need to spend your skills points where you want and a card will be available to you ( for example my sorcerer/rogue build required me to have 55 points in sorcery and 55 in finesse ) . 
  novice ? 
  you can dual wield kitchen knifes with a chef 's hat blindfolded and still do it with no problem, 
  they want the dragonborn to kill paarthunnax, 
  all followers suck because you constantly need to look back to see if them retards did n't get stuck somewhere and they generally just slow you down . 
  rather do my stuff alone, 
  definitely 10,000 days . 
  all songs are intense and the build up and climax part are fucking amazing . 
  that is # 2 top post . 
  the top post of all time is from / r/montageparodies, 
  not much 10,000 days . 
  i 'm sad , that album is fucking intense . 
  bhs just hates slayers . 
  i remember slayers were good back then near release where everything staggered and 1st part of fate of arun patch and bhs immediately issued a nerf and once again slayer is the underdog . 
  while warrior on the other hand is total opposite , a slight indirect nerf and bhs immediately buffs warriors . 
  so you do not have any gaps when you open multiple terms ? 
  this is c right ? 
  i 've always been in love in more low level stuff rather than being front-end . 
  what about ranger vs mc ? 
  gentoo is more hardcore than arch yet they do not have elitism attitude, 
  the game is full of kids what do you expect ... 
  if you notice their names are implying their age : charlesfaggot2005 , thedickrider2001 etc. . 
  yes you probably just misread . 
  it is working fine . 
  ranger uses vi-like key bindings, 
  ah the adventure update , the point where minecraft and i parted different ways . 
  make your own glyph options ? 
  do not just blindly follow a guide , take your time to research stuff instead of fully relying on someone else . 
  well the level cap is 65 now , with it a new area . 
  yeah a lot of content was streamlined for faster leveling as you said . 
  basically leveling now is just facerolling on your keyboard, 
  after level 20 mobs drop relic pieces and once you collect all you get a very powerful high crit weapon that you should +9 immediately during whole leveling process . 
  bams are soloable now, 
  there are new pvp battlegrounds, 
  the vm gear of each patch can go to +15, 
  berserkers can tank after lvl 65, 
  this is all on top of my head, 
  zerks only after 65, 
  i do n't pay much attention to guild things so i ca n't answer, 
  bams soloable so that you level up faster , do n't spend time finding a group . 
  been a while since i leveled a character so i ca n't confirm if bam quests were removed . 
  a question for na . 
  can you use im for everything except the hm raids for top gear ? 
  for example in wounded world patch i used im for everything ( jewelry instances , renm etc. . ) and only manually made group for rehm and abhm .
