  trump is n't those either . 
  i dare you to find at least one racist thing he said during the campaign, 
  which ones ? 
   2nd gen x1 carbon, 
  [ absolutely disgusting ] ( http://college.wfu.edu/itg/wp-content/uploads/keyboard.png ) for a number of reasons, 
   you guys can be dicks, 
  people are only ` dicks ' when the person does not show any effort into solving the problem themselves and basically wants to be spoonfed commands to paste in terminal . 
  honestly it 's a disgusting , lazy and selfish attitude . 
   i tried to install < x  and it gave me and error i did n't even read what it said but already had time to make a post in multiple forums and irc channels, 
  also another thing that usually comes with these type of people is the inability to critically evaluate themselves . 
  they always seem to think the problem is either the computer , graphics card , arch package is broken , etc. . pretty much anything but themselves . 
  competent arch users know that 99 % it 's their fault , and when it 's not they know well why and what is causing the problem . 
  you can basically put it like this : if you ca n't explain why something is n't working , then it 's probably your fault . 
  let me try to rephrase that . 
  i mean if you blame arch , computer , package or anything else than yourself but ca n't say why , then it 's probably your fault , not what you 're blaming it on . 
  you ca n't just say `` arch is shit it 's broken '' without anything to back it up . 
  depends on how you ask for help . 
   i tried to install steam for muh shitty gaymes and it gave an error pls help !, 
  answer : fuck off, 
   i tried to install steam and it gave me this error ` error message here ` it seems to be a problem with some graphic drivers , i already reinstalled countless times the drivers and rebooted but that did n't work . 
  help ? 
  acceptable, 
  this is pretty much the trend of korean mmos . 
  you start off with 4 item slots and can enchant them to +9 , then later you are able to put stones/crystals on your gear to make even better , but wait you can also now enchant to +15 and now you have also a belt and a trinket oh and by the way you can combine crystals now for a small chance to make a double crystal oh but wait if you use this scroll on your weapon you have a small chance to be able to enchant to +30 etc etc etc you get the point, 
  you mean mike `` ac/cd for lgbt '' pence ? 
  did n't really went to shit but went in a direction i 'm not happy with . 
  to keep it short , what i liked ( in part ) in tera was the combat . 
  it 's fucking _ good _ and especially fun ( [ this short video sort of sums it up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shpmz-zgyru ) ) . 
  i always hated pve but in tera the combat is just so good that it compensated my hate for pve . 
  due to tera 's need to aim your abilities , position yourself for most damage and constantly in need to dodge shit the combat was also challenging and rewarding . 
  however the developers seem to instead of focusing on making the game overall better ( i know this is easier said than done ) but instead go with release a new female-only epic flashy easy class for new players so they can be the best with minimal effort . 
  these classes fill like half ( ? ), 
  the skill bar and in my opinion are almost an insult to classic classes . 
  really frustrating how you can do just as good on a new class by mashing skills randomly while requiring top tier rotation for some older classes just to keep up . 
  the new classes are broken by design , they ensure that if you fuck up , bluehole studio 's hand is there to save you once again and some skills even let you dodge dungeon mechanics altogether . 
  but i know that bluehole studios is a business , and their goal in the end is to make as much money as possible and they make their decisions accordingly, 
  it 's not happening you hysterical headline-reading moron . 
   the officials interviewed in recent weeks said that , so far , they had seen no evidence of such cooperation . 
  i 'm a mod and i hate this concept . 
  mods are janitors , not ceos . 
  we are only to keep the sub clean , not decide what is should or should not be posted . 
  i hate removing shit , especially comments . 
  i only remove when it 's spam/completely unrelated to subreddit 's topic . 
  it sort of is . 
  the headline says, 
  #trump campaign aides had repeated contacts with russian intelligence, 
  while inside it says, 
   the officials interviewed in recent weeks said that , so far , they had seen no evidence of such cooperation . 
  horrible journalism , even for nyt 's low standards . 
  if you 're gon na write a headline such as, 
   #trump campaign aides had repeated contacts with russian intelligence, 
  you need to have at least something to back it up . 
  it 's almost buzzfeed tier clickbait . 
  the honest headline should include that there is __ no evidence __ so far about any of that . 
  if you 're a headline reader ( like most of reddit ) you are horribly misled . 
  i 'm not arguing that mods can or can not do whatever they want , of course they can . 
  i 'm arguing that mods __ should n't __ be doing that . 
  many subreddits are overmoderated and mods themselves think they 're celebrities and wear stupid obnoxious rainbow `` look at me im a mod ! '', 
  flairs . 
  mundane ring ( 35 % spell reflect and 50 % magic resist ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure once you 're high enough level , +20 maybe , it has a guaranteed drop during the main quest when you go with baurus back to the sewers from one of the mythic dawn npcs . 
  sorcerer 's ring ( 25 % spell absorb and 25 fortify magicka ) is essential on an atronach build . 
  this ring and the highest level verson of spelldrinker amulet ( 26 % spell absorb ) will make you immune to magic __ and __ enemies ' spells refill your magicka pool . 
  i agree with you that different levels of moderation are appropriate for different subs in terms of submissions . 
  i forgot to mention about my complain earlier that i was mostly referring to the comments section . 
  for example , if a user feels the need to call somebody an asshole , i 'm not gon na remove the comment just because `` rule 2 : be nice !!!!, 
  '' , that guy is probably going to get validly downvoted since insults do not contribute to discussion and that is enough for me . 
  the whole article is a very vague clickbait and does n't offer any assertion . 
  they do not have anything concrete yet the headline implies it 's game over . 
  folks at / r/politics gilded over 10 times this same article thinking that this is finally it just goes to show how advanced is their trump derangement syndrome . 
   this is evidence that there was contact . 
  this is where you got it wrong . 
  there is no evidence , as of right now , specifically about what the headline implies there is . 
  it 's not . 
  article pretty much sums up to, 
   trump 's people talked to russians, 
  also another quote from the article, 
   ** and it is not unusual for american businessmen to come in contact with foreign intelligence officials ** , sometimes unwittingly , in countries like russia and ukraine , where the spy services are deeply embedded in society . 
  law enforcement officials did not say to what extent the contacts might have been about business . 
  title is manipulative . 
  if you do n't agree go to / r/politics and look how batshit crazy people went there . 
  trump is _ obviously _ a traitor now , impeach trump !, 
  ( i think it 's trending right now on twitter ) . 
  nothing as of right now . 
  from the article :, 
   ** and it is not unusual for american businessmen to come in contact with foreign intelligence officials ** , sometimes unwittingly , in countries like russia and ukraine , where the spy services are deeply embedded in society . 
  no contact about the election i guess , since he gets accused of working with russians to win the elections, 
  i did that ... when i was like 16 years old, 
  article says no evidence of trump working with russians to win the elections , which is what he been accused by . 
  le russian puppet guys xd !!, 
  jesus man we 're going in circles i already posted both parts multiple times, 
  you ca n't say that the headline alone implies something much bigger than it actually is . 
  well you 're a rational person but mad anti-trumpettes already think this article hit the jackpot and trump is getting impeached, 
  the mod 's job is not to remove shit , unlike many shitty mods think . 
  mods are janitors , not ceos . 
  of course they can , that is not the issue . 
  but in my opinion they should n't . 
  let me rephrase that then, 
   mods should be janitors , not ceos, 
  what is that bluetooth speaker ?
