  he paid what he legally had to . 
  what 's up with this `` he 's not paying taxes '' ? 
   he threw a huge fit, 
  really ? 
  [ is this a huge fit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d32577hom08 ), 
   trump has/is likely to piss off russia ,, 
  trump is the one actually saying that it would be good if relations with russia were restored . 
  hillary is constantly blaming russia for hacking dnc because it exposed a rigged system where bernie had no chance because it was rigged from the start . 
   north korea ,, 
  only thing he said is that china has power over north korea and they are capable of solving that problem . 
   mexico , china ,, 
  it 's more about trade deals where the us are getting bad deals . 
  he has even meet with mexican president without being a president yet . 
   african americans ,, 
  he 's constantly saying how democrats only care about their vote and then do nothing to help the community . 
   muslims, 
  probably with his `` complete shutdown '' but he 's now changed into `` extreme vetting '', 
   and women, 
  many pro-trump women who do n't fall for the msm propaganda, 
   pretty sure that a copy of mein kampf might be another . 
   his copy of mein kampf, 
  why people keep bringing this up . 
  their policies are very different, 
   and just as a side note , if you ever thought pence looks like a little strange or out of place - he 's from far enough in the future where races have sort of become homogenized, 
  shit , i always though pence was a bit strange, 
  also in contrast , after trump dropping some hard truths hillary dismissed it by saying `` everything he just said is absolutely false '' and got booed . 
  doubt it . 
  her rallies ca n't even reach a few thousand , even pence has more people than her . 
  reason is that she 's a very robotic political figure and many people find her absolutely distasteful to even look at . 
  just look at how so few people come to her pathetic rallies . 
  also can you even [ watch this video of her ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t8tmk-zox8 ) without cringing hard ? 
   i 'm a definite and confident hilary supporter . 
  you 're aware that you 're supporting the wall street elite , donors and special interests and not hillary ? 
  not to mention she 's a world class liar and is the first presidential candidate to be investigated by fbi ... twice . 
  so you are actually aware of clinton 's massive corruption yet still support her ? 
   who should i be voting for instead ? 
  for somebody who is not owned by wealthy donors ? 
  for someone who is not under fbi investigation ? 
   i 've not seen anything remotely resembling proof of massive corruption . 
  you have n't researched much then . 
  first of the clinton foundation received and receives many millions from foreign nations while she was secretary of state . 
  not sure if you know but foreign nations are forbidden to directly influence political decisions , but clinton managed to do it through the foundation . 
  one of them is saudi arabia who gave between $ 10 - $ 25 million to her , country which treats women terribly ( are n't even allowed to drive ) and even kills gay people . 
  also many millions as i said earlier from wall street elite and others like goldman sachs as an example . 
  have you never asked yourself why clinton is worth many millions and have n't even spent her own money on the campaign without having some sort of business or product to sell ? 
  she earns money by doing political favours to these entities . 
  you can not become rich in politics unless you 're a crook . 
   none of those contributions were made to her campaign, 
  you 're in denial . 
   at least $ 4.2 million from wall street has gone into clinton 's presidential campaign , and another $ 18.7 million has gone to the super pac backing her , the wall street journal reported sunday . 
  in march alone , wall street raised $ 344,000 for clinton -- more than all other candidates combined . 
  this is what hillary supports , not normal citizens . 
  she said she 's `` far removed '' from middle class struggles during one of her paid private speeches that were revealed recently . 
   and there 's no evidence they resulted in kickbacks or favors . 
  if you have such evidence , i 'd love to see it . 
  wikileaks revealed the called `` pay to play '' scheme where donors would get special treatment and even government contracts ( that 's taxpayer 's money ) [ chris wallace at the 3rd debate addressed this issue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dmwg6jokh8 ) and she just denied yet wikileaks shows otherwise . 
   who should i vote for ? 
  not hillary . 
  i hope that you 're trolling, 
   you are not voting for her because you think she 's ugly ?!, 
  where did i say that ? 
  look man i 've already linked several sources and right now you 're just denying . 
  sorry to tell you but you seem to not have the brainpower to think at least 2 steps forward and make basic connections . 
  for example recently [ she received $ 12 million from king of morroco ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/10/hillary-clinton-foundation-morocco-wikileaks/505043/ ), 
  now you would say `` yeah but that does n't prove anything '' . 
  however , use you head man . 
  why would a presidential candidate seek money from foreign nations , is n't that thought a bit troubling ? 
  she 's been doing this for years . 
  ask yourself why is #hillaryforprison trending right now ? 
  why is she under fbi investigation ? 
  why is she worth millions despite selling no product or having any sort of business . 
  you have to be a critical thinker and not a sheep that says he 's a `` confident hillary supporter '' without having any sort of clue what their candidate actually is . 
  and note this is only a fraction of the mess she got into , have n't even talked about deleting 33,000 emails when specifically asked to hand them over , letting 4 americans die in benghazi , or standing by bill clinton while he was having affairs and raping women and intimidating them . 
  of course there is not yet concrete evidence or else she would be in jail . 
  a little truth there , another leak there and rational people connect the dots . 
  as we speak yet another bombshell dropped : new wikileaks emails show that donna brazile leaked debate questions in advance to hillary despite saying otherwise, 
  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/10/31/new-email-shows-dnc-boss-giving-clinton-camp-debate-question-in-advance.html . 
  [ here 's the email ] ( https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/38478#efmaagab7 ), 
  what more do you want to acknowledge hillary 's involved in a corrupt and rigged system ? 
  can you imagine the national outrage if it was trump instead that had debate questions leaked to him ? 
  it just happens when you have a few mods . 
  the only inconvenience is that any changes you make to settings in-game ( sound level , difficulty , graphics , etc. . . ) do not get saved after exiting . 
   what story is more plausible ? 
  wikileaks has a history of 100 % accuracy , it 's not a question vs right or left or dem vs republican . 
  this is about the people vs the corrupt establishment . 
  a little reminder that julian assange is a leftist ( like you ) but he hates corruption , he exposed bush and was a hero to the left . 
  but now he 's exposing hillary and suddenly he 's nobody . 
   oh , and a leaked debate question ? 
  ( ... ) who gives a shit about one debate question . 
  people who want a fair election give a shit . 
  i guess you do not want a fair election if it 's okay to you to leak to one candidate questions in advance . 
  how about the one where [ clinton campaign and dnc purposely cause violence at trump rallies ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iujghuikzy ) . 
  if you dismiss this one just like you did with leaking debate questions , then you 're really hopeless . 
  reminder that people got badly hurt and injured just to fit hillary 's political agent . 
  if you do n't find that repugnant and absolutely disgusting then i 'm not sure what will . 
   h , yes . 
  james o'keefe . 
  the staunch academic journalist who has totally never lied on tape or misled people with editing or been convicted of crimes or worked for conspiracy nuts, 
  people resigned over this . 
  would n't be the case if it was some bullshit video .
