  that used to happen to me but the issue just went away . 
  do n't know how unfortunately, 
  another thing that makes me sad is the beautiful open-world that essentially becomes useless at end game . 
   i was killing bams in island of dawn yesterday , and i was dying a lot . 
  was taking like , 3 ~ 4 minutes to kill each ( when i was n't dead ) and i 'm full slaughter . 
  what the fuck are you doing ? 
  i 'm full slaughter too and i kill them before flurry comes out of cooldown ... 
  i wonder what will her speech be about this, 
  does this class really have so few skills ? 
  it 's just almost fills half a skill bar . 
  absolutely disgusting how these classes are dumbed down . 
  but bluehole do what they must to survive as a business . 
  honestly at this point i 'm not surprised at all . 
  are you really expecting logic with these '' '' '' '' '' '' `` intellectual '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' liberals ? 
  literally every teenager , i see shit like that everyday on facebook . 
  thank god they 're not allowed to vote . 
  now he 's starting to focus more on her . 
  ca n't wait for the debates because there 's so much material against her , benghazi , speaker 's fee , tpp , etc. . . 
  trump absolutely destroyed other republicans in debates that i even felt a bit sorry for them . 
  how will she even handle it ? 
  she 's physically weak and will probably have another seizure . 
  this / pol / colony is pretty successful to be honest, 
  another way to identify in these series of keyboards ( larger esc and delete keys ) is by looking at the color under the keys . 
  white is alps , gray is chicony and red is nmb . 
   why the hell did i play this game for so long ... 
  the game 's combat was really good for it 's time . 
  there 's more to password cracking than just trying out all the combinations . 
  for example many passwords have a [ something ] + [ suffix ] format so that is taken into account when cracking . 
  it 's sad really . 
  i saw a reaper pov video a while back and his skill bar was half empty and he was doing the same 3 or 4 attack chains through the whole fights with the occasional reposition . 
  have n't seen the new classes yet but i imagine it 's the same or worse , little to none amount of brainpower required to get good dps . 
  it 's like an insult to anyone with half a brain that wants more than just clicking the same 5 skills once they come off cooldown . 
  i use the built-in `` 90s crappy old laptop '' aesthetic and it has worked flawlessly so far . 
  belt : power , crit ( or crit/crit also good ), 
  brooch : crit , power if empowered or crit , crit if quickcarve ( it can not roll power ) . 
  also keep in mind that there are multiple tiers of rolls . 
  for example the necklace piece has either 1 , 2 or 4 power i think , ideally you want the best one . 
  other pieces that have tiered rolls are rings , earrings and belt . 
  i also always tank sorc dfhm and one problem i have is that when the message pops up, 
  ### prima , i need your help !, 
  very rarely my stun makes her not move to some dps or healer and hurt them by a lot . 
  i tried all sorts of delays like stunning right away or right as she starts running but most of time it just does n't work , the either she gets stunned but after it ends still runs to some other player or just does n't get stunned . 
  do you have any strategy on that ? 
  xddd donald trump is mean !!!, 
  many times though the message pops up and she does the big aoe which you have to iframe so there 's not much time, 
  yeah if i was a warrior i 'd also spam my stuns but i only have 1 sadly . 
  yeah i guess , i shed a tear every time when she does 2 aoes in a row and most of the time i have no choice but to eat it in the face and it just makes me sad ) :, 
  i think you meant to post this version, 
  so the release schedule is stable first , then beta then dev edition ? 
  whenever there 's a firefox update i always get it a few days later than stable . 
  i also had the same though . 
  my biggest purchase mistake was when i was 13 years old i bough some hp pavilion for gaming . 
  it almost always stayed in the same place and had many problem such as overheating and crappy battery . 
  such a waste , but i was only 13 and did n't have the same knowledge as i do now . 
  after it died partially to my fault ( let the battery get to 0 % and abruptly shutdown , after some times the mobo fried ) . 
  i got a thinkpad and shit this thing is awesome . 
   i know a lot of older users do n't like the keyboard but for me it 's just perfect, 
  the new x series keyboard ( * 40 series and later ) have 3 major flaws in my opinion, 
  they removed the dedicated volume and mute keys, 
  made insert into fn + end which is absolutely disgusting, 
  removed media keys ( they used to be in arrow keys with * 20 and before and f10-f12 for * 30 series ), 
  if they 're top tier then they 're allowed to be douches . 
  i personally prefer when people tell me `` wow you 're such a fucking idiot ca n't even dps properly '' straight up at start by some elitist that knows his shit because that will make me focus on improving . 
  sadly i only started following trump closely after 1st day of dnc , what 's up with the jeb !, 
  i loved how trump destroyed him in debates though . 
  it depends . 
  most people ask retarded questions and do not put any effort at all themselves because they 're lazy and all they want is just to get spoonfed like a baby `` pls help me !!! '' . 
  that is disgusting and you 100 % deserve to get told to fuck off . 
  however , if you show that you 've really putting an effort and is genuinely stuck then you will surely get help . 
  what was the fihm fiasco ? 
  just curious . 
  yep it 's still worth it . 
  i quit gaming more than a year ago , i bough myself a 250 euro used laptop with integrated graphics from 2011 because do n't give a shit about games . 
  however , i was drunk on time and installed tera and been casually playing due to summer boredom , got +12 slaughter recently and stuff , money making is much easier than it was pre 65 . 
  i play with an average of 5 ~ 8 fps during boss fights with all on lowest graphics possible, 
  so as a side game as you said , it 's definitely worth it . 
  it 's the fucking combat man it 's just too good . 
  whoa , and i though that 1st part of fate of arun ( 65 level ) patch was boring , the hardest content was brnm that dropped the intermediate gear . 
  the website is working fine for me ... 
   windows experience index, 
  what the hell are you doing mate ? 
  i have the same 2520m and i only get 7.1 on cpu and 4.6 on graphics . 
  probably because i have only 4 ram, 
  another question , can any 4 gb module combinations run in dual-channel mode or does it have to be the same ones ? 
  she honestly creeps me out , she 's looks like an old hag but secretly there 's a full mafia behind her . 
   but then he took a shot at mrs. khan . 
  a gold star mother . 
  did you really fall for this awful and painfully obvious bait ? 
  all they did was get a muslim father of an american soldier because of that shock value ( omg a muslim soldier !!!!!!! ), 
  and got him to say that `` have you even read the constituion mate ?!! '', 
  and then everybody cheers just because since he 's a father of a __ muslim __ son . 
  it 's fucking disgusting how they 're using his position for political gain, 
  that does n't make him wrong . 
  trump says pretty much in his every rally that he thinks nato is great , however countries are n't paying what they 're supposed to pay and the us are over paying for protection of other countries . 
  he wants to change that , how is that bad ? 
  so trump is an idiot because he wants other countries to pay what they 're supposed to ? 
  would you keep working if you only got paid half of your wage ? 
  [ you mean ] ( #s `` like this ? '' ), 
  also rolling stone on facebook started to post biased trump news such as khan family and kicking out a baby . 
  fuck them,
