  because t_d clearly states in their rules in various places ( sidebar , various mouse hovers , below the comment box , etc. . . ) that you should post if supporting trump and questions must go into / r/askthe _ donald ? 
  it 's no different than getting banned if you go into / r/playstation and start posting anti-playstation and pro-xbox shit . 
  losing my mind ? 
  definitely . 
  but in a positive way, 
  when i woke up and read how trump saw on the news how ~ 1000 jobs were going to mexico and he picked up the phone and made a deal . 
  and he 's not even president yet , i definitely lost my mind there . 
   so your argument is that if you ever get something wrong you ca n't claim the intellectual high ground . 
  you got not only that but almst everything wrong about the election . 
  there are people right now ( i talked to one of them ) who believe trump will deport all immigrants and blacks , hates gays and will put them in concentration camp , among other complete nonsense . 
  just look at [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/5gmfhq/is_truth_becoming_irrelevant_to_conservatives/datkm1l/ ) from this same thread . 
  these are the same people that brag about how intellectual they are and how they love facts . 
   trump is disgustingly unqualified for the job of potus . 
  liberals are saying that . 
  now conservatives are saying it too . 
  he already saved jobs that obama implied he needed a magic wand to do so _ without _ being in office yet . 
  things only look bright from now on, 
   `` hey , let 's go point a gun at an innocent civillian because of a crackpot conspiracy theory that is probably wrong anyway ! '', 
  and actually mean it . 
  who said this ? 
  when did they do it ? 
  or are you pulling it out of your ass . 
  i feel like we 're focused on 1 issue now so i 'll stop quoting . 
  in short , i 'm not trying to defend my `` god emperor '' who never does anything wrong . 
  truth is that he was a star and many women wanted him for whatever reason and i guess he got involved in this `` i can have the women '' life but obviously not every wanted him , that is fine . 
  however , the msm tried to portrait him as some sexual predator which is inaccurate and you seem to also think that way . 
  did not know that . 
  but you agree that cnn was biased during the election cycle ? 
  you could see how painful was for them to cover trump winning the election . 
   it was so hilariously misinformed, 
  you 're the hilariously misinformed . 
  allow me to clarify for you , when your coworker told that the middle east must be like ` oh shit ' he was probably talking the middle east countries that donated millions to hillary clinton only for her to loose . 
  oh and [ this is sort of relevant ] ( http://scoopempire.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/screen-shot-2015-12-14-at-9.54.42-am.png ), 
   that 's how china feels after this . 
  you realize that right now there are us navy forces between china and taiwan yet a `` congratulations on your victory mr. trump '' phone call is supposed to make china mad ? 
   by bragging about groping women, 
  what do you _ think _ happens when a man and a woman get involved with each other ? 
   regardless , it 's a completely and totally dishonest and deceiving statement ( and intentionally so ) and deserves harsh criticism . 
  i understand that and it honestly makes me sick how are they being allowed to lie just like that but if we say `` cnn said it 's illegal to read '' they dismiss it as `` cnn said possess '', 
   i 'm sure they were much more afraid of her, 
  i do n't think so . 
  just saudi arabia for example gave her anything between 10 to 25 million us dollars . 
  just as you 're implying he forced himself upon them . 
  do i need to remind you that trump ~ ~ is ~ ~ was a businessman ? . 
  they got apartments and he got money , what is wrong with that ? 
  hillary is a politician , now tell me what could she possibly provide them with for them to __ give __ 10 to 25 million us dollars ? 
  he 's already taking care of legal shit to get himself out of the business . 
  of course they did n't , it 's illegal for foreign nations to influence us politics , clinton circumvents this through the foundation . 
  oh and saudi arabia , a country where women have almost no rights , donating to foundation which one of the purposes is , i quote , `` where more girls and women can achieve full participation in all aspects of life . '', 
  of course it went to the foundation , it 's illegal to receive influence from foreign nations . 
  now explain to me why would saudi arabia , a country where women have almost no rights ( ca n't even drive ) would donate 10 to 25 million dollars to a charity that one of the purposes is `` where more girls and women can achieve full participation in all aspects of life . '', 
  why would he give up the business he worked for and sacrificed his entire adult life ? 
  just give it to his children . 
  anyone in his position would have done the same . 
  sorry i did not pick up the story because it was deleted fast . 
  but that was not the reason t_d got censored . 
  admins hate t_d because they do not share their political opinion so they censor it despite stating that reddit does not discriminate based on politics which they clearly do . 
  i would n't have a problem if they said `` we 're a leftist/neoliberal website , all of you right wingers conservatives fuck off '' . 
  it 's fine , it 's their website . 
  but instead they pretend they 're professional and all that yet spez in particular did a major fuck up because he got triggered like a bitchy sjw . 
  if you watch his old interviews he always said that he preferred if someone else ran for president to fix the country . 
  i guess he got tired of seeing the country getting ripped off and decided to take matter into his own hands . 
   if he did n't want to make the sacrifices required by the office , why run in the first place ? 
  he is not required to destroy his company he dedicated his entire life . 
  he does what anybody with common sense would do , put his children in charge . 
  you , me and anybody else would have done the same . 
   `` i like them because they gave me lots of money . '', 
  they did n't _ give _ him money . 
  he sold them apartments . 
  it 's business . 
  they did give money to clinton , a lot of money . 
  she is a politician , do i need to tell you what politicians like hillary clinton do when receive millions of dollars or you can figure it out yourself ? 
  hint : `` you can not get rich in politics unless you 're a crook '', 
   lol 1k jobs in indiana for how much government dole ? 
  you ca n't even think more than 1 step forward ? 
  saves jobs 1k jobs --  people are happy and are paying their taxes instead of leeching unemployment benefits --  company is happy with less taxes so invests money in america --  creates more jobs --  more jobs --  more taxes --  workers spend money in america --  economy grows, 
   go ahead tell me how the fuck indiana low skill workers are going to compete long term with mexico . 
  by making it easier for businesses with lower taxes and less unnecessary regulations , it just worked . 
   spez got `` triggered '' ? 
  he 's a human . 
  if i was called a child molestor and shit every day i 'd have just deleted the donald and not given a fuck . 
  omggg delete this shut it down !, 
  that 's a very childish way to deal with criticism , which i guess is why you and spez are pro-censorship, 
   admins have decided that the_donald ca n't have stickied threads on r/all because they were abusing that privilege . 
  ets uses the same trick yet they did n't disable it for them , why ? 
  because ets follows their political narrative . 
  you need to get one thing straight , this is n't about reddit rules or anything . 
  the last months of clinton v. trump ( once they got nominated ) / r/politics was swarmed with ctr , a company dedicated to defend clinton on social media , including reddit . 
  they engaged in massive brigating and you could n't say anything remotely bad about clinton or else you 'd get -20 points in a minute or two and they made sure to downvote every post in t_d . 
  this is brigating , against reddit rules , what did admins do about it ? 
  nothing . 
   this is a company that can choose to do what it wants with its bandwidth . 
  it 's a business . 
  nobody is arguing that . 
  users are pointing out how biased these admins are despite saying `` oh no we 're totally not discriminating based on political views '', 
  you seem to be imagining a man walking around randomly grabbing and kissing women as he pleases which is ridiculous . 
  sorry for making this personal but do you actually have any experience in social interactions or something ? 
   you are assuming every one of them was a lover, 
  i said that they let him . 
   i guaran-fucking-tee it .
