  guess i 'm using alpha beta gamma delta and epsilon instead then . 
  thanks again for the help . 
  what are your crystals ? 
  i 'm running a +12 deva axe and +9 deva gloves and always do over 1 mil and sometimes  2mil, 
   for odd definitions of ` most . ', 
  90 % of my games wo n't run . 
  installing some bloatware just to take a look at specs when i can see them normally ... no thanks . 
  rip crunchbang , it was the distro that got me into linux and now i 'm on arch . 
  well in pve zerker is `` not hard to be decent '' , you also have block which can save your ass and being a plate class you wont get oneshot so easily . 
  but one thing i do n't see people mentioning is how ( personally ) you feel a bit pressured because if you miss a thunderstrike you will loose a lot of dps because you just wasted time charging it and stuff and also lost more potential dps time if you had flurry/fiery rage/bloodlust on . 
  / u/axe _ girl marry me please , golden words here . 
  once i stopped giving a fuck about what classes are best at the current patch and stuff i started having much more fun . 
  on other mmos i rarely played the class that i liked because i was constantly watching pvp videos and shit to decide what is the `` best '' class and never reaching endgame and end up quitting the mmo . 
  this was especially painful because i 'm bit `` hipster '' in mmos so i always wanted to play the least played underdog classes and they usually were underpowered so it was a cycle of `` i want to play the best class but i prefer the underdog class but they 're underpowered '' . 
  usually i do n't play plate armor classes but there 's something about a little girl wielding a huge axe that is hilarious and a ton of fun . 
   natural directory structure, 
  i do n't hear this one a lot but it 's true . 
  that 's why using the command prompt in windows is almost impossible because of just how retarded and unorganized the directories are . 
  * grab aggro again *, 
  * tank keeps getting pissed *, 
  it 's so satisfying to hear `` damn i hate zerks always taking aggro '', 
  yeah i saw that one and all anons were like `` omg share dat render plx '' ... 
  i think they removed that from the main quest ... 
  the same story repeated itself with skyrim , it got dumbed down too because of console limitations . 
  what about beyerdynamics dt770 vs those two ? 
  do n't do what your friend did , enjoy the exploration , visuals and stuff . 
  and i do n't know how many agree with me , but if you actually pay attention to the main quest lore , it 's not as deep as wow for example but still somewhat interesting and you atleast will have a reason to be going to places and doing stuff . 
  oh and do not use spacebar for chaining combos , it 'll make you a better player . 
  a 5 year old hp pavilion dv6 3190sp . 
  runs pretty okay i guess ... some hotkeys missing but i fixed those with ` sxhkd ` because i 'm running bspwm . 
   berserkers are not low mobility , besides being the fastest class in the game, 
  slayer 's dash is slightly better with the new 65 patch, 
  it 's slightly easy at pve but maybe one of hardest at pvp . 
  mana is n't really a problem because your unchained anger gives a lot of it , especially with infused charms , but at lower levels might struggle more . 
  yes we have a bit bad `` base '' mobility but dash and soon leaping strike block cancelling help us a lot . 
  one thing that i do n't see mentioned is how you have constant mobility while dpsing , what do i mean by this is that classes for example slayer once they start their typical ht os ms or any other attack combo if the boss turns around then they must continue the combo and will hit the front instead , this is especially problematic to sorcs and archers because they 're at a distance and if the boss turns 180 degrees , it 's a lot of distance to cover to position themselves at back , so they must keep hitting the front or waste a lot of time going to the back of the boss . 
  zerkers on the other hand have the advantage of charging skills , so they can use this time to position themselves to get those back crits more often , and if necessary use esmash to roll to boss 's back is also very nice . 
  first you usually buff up and then go in ham . 
  there 's one thing you should know about cyclone vs ts - cyclone damage is split between 5 or 6 hits and does more base damage than ts , but if you crit with ts you will almost always do more dmg than cyclone because it 's hard to get crit on all the 5 or 6 hits , but if you hit atleast one crit on that 5 or 6 hits then you will do moderately more damage than an uncritted ts . 
  okay so first you need to buff up , i do dash  fiery rage  flurry of blows  bloodlust . 
  feel free to put it a mocking shout there but in this new content i 'm not getting staggered much so i do n't bother with it . 
  now for damage i go with something like this, 
  ts  vs  auto + raze ( i have glyph for ts speed )  ts  cyclone  staggering + flatten ( once again i have glyph for ts speed )  ts, 
  basically whenever i do auto + raze or staggering + flatten i followup with ts because of glyph , and then use cyclone and vamp strike whenever off cooldown . 
  and esmash in terms of dps i use it when i need to position myself for a back hit . 
  oh and block cancel whenever possible . 
  also remember keep using dash and saving flurry to use with fiery rage or fiery rage + bloodlust if avaliable so you make more use of it . 
  oh and spam mana skills too if you need . 
  about mobility/dodging you can use leaping strike and lethal strike as an escape from an aoe or something harmful and use esmash as an iframe and then a little gap closer too . 
  if you really fucked use unbreakable . 
  i heard he 's that legendary hacker , is it true ? 
  just a question about systemd , is n't a bit more windows style ? 
  because all i see is `` services '' and shit and i 'm afraid that linux will become just as bloated as windows with all the services , registry and other stuff . 
  i feel it kinda violates the arch way, 
  i just hope that 's just a massive troll page . 
  i 've been doing this for maybe 2 weeks now , have i been living on the edge ? 
  you used / r / instead of / u /, 
  elin because little girl with huge axe is hilarious . 
  where ? 
  burst of celerity, 
  * ** can now be learned at level 18 ** < -- holy shit, 
  \\  tfw when you ca n't even pvp in this game because 7 fps . 
   . pdf, 
  you need to get to a command prompt ( by using a windows cd or something ) and type, 
  thank god that in tera the pve is also fun . 
  all other mmos all i did was pvping because pve was just the same brain dead stuff . 
  2.0 update killed it for me . 
  sometimes i listen to 1.2 x music and the nostalgia is just too much to handle . 
  the fuck is supervised driving ? 
  here we have 30 hours max ( if you want more you must pay ) to learn driving , and you start driving right at your first time . 
  what happens on the internet , stays on the internet . 
  oh so it 's like here , i though you had 120 hours just watching how the instructor drives . 
  for me it sounds like that broken english, 
  is n't there the `` gaylord '' name in english ? 
  i 'd avoid it . 
  it can break during pacman updates and was slow as molasses the last time i tried it many years ago . 
  using ` packer ` at the moment , is it better ? 
  mods mods mods !, 
  helo am spodermen, 
  mayonnaise . 
  now that i 'm older i prefer much more it than ketchup , because i feel that ketchup taste is intense while mayo 's is more relaxed . 
  it 's like when i 'm eating ketchup i 'm riding high speed motorcycle and when i 'm eating mayo it 's like chilling at 20 km/h and appreciating the view and stuff . 
  ( describing tastes is weird ), 
  yep , missions and open world pvp were the reasons i played that game everyday . 
  i was rank 5 brakmar level 37 sacrier because all i did was to patrol the f2p north of astrub area and aggro anyone within my level range . 
  if you think for a second , there 's a pc vs console in everything and always because of the same reasons `` it is an open platform , favors the consumer , is customizable , faster , etc. . '', 
  pc vs console, 
  windows vs gnu+l inux, 
  android vs iphone, 
  beats vs sennheiser , beyerdynamics , audio-technica , akg , etc. . . 
  gaming headsets vs separate headphones and mic, 
  reddit vs 4chan, 
  firefox vs chrome, 
  mp3 vs flac, 
  adobe flash vs html5, 
  \u03bctorrent vs qbittorrent , deluge , transmission , rtorrent ... 
  adblock plus vs \u03bcblock, 
  aliencrap vs self built, 
  and probably there 's plenty more with other topics ( such as books , watches , vehicles ... ), 
  you 're a reddit legend you know that ?
