  actually not . 
  each distro has a specific philosophy , arch 's in this case in simplicity and minimalism which antergos takes away, 
  i see that this is hopeless, 
  there are a lot of these on yt . 
  i remember one where the `` technician '' asks for credit card info for naughtyamerica, 
  you should try not installing bunch of mods at same time but methodically so you can see which mod causes problems and conflicts, 
  funny how on / g / got 2 replies but here over 300 upvotes, 
  normally it does n't unless it 's some double or something mods that need to overwrite themselves, 
  seeing all those posts about x crashing with nvidia drivers and all that shit also makes me glad that i do n't game and have integrated graphics . 
  first interaction with linux was me being a script kiddie trying to use aircrack to hack some neighbor 's wifi . 
  at that point i was literally a kid ( 13 years old ) so i did n't know about distros , i installed a portuguese one called linux caixa m\u00e1gica ( linux magic box ) which is based on ubuntu with kde . 
  after that i returned to linux out of curiosity and ended up staying because windows by itself is shit , only good when doing microsoft stuff or games . 
  can confirm . 
  when installing crunchbang i did n't understand very well partitions and ended up many times in grub rescue ( i was fucking around with with the boot flag for the windows partition ), 
  this was good learning experience though . 
  when it was time to install arch the partitioning was easy even in cli environment , it would have been a nightmare if i did n't play with it earlier . 
   never mind i fixed it . 
  atleast explain how you fixed it ... 
   what is print screen, 
  i was just reminding that it 's good practice if you figure out your problem to post the solution incase somebody has the same problem . 
  i 'm pretty sure it happened to everybody where you find a forum post describing exactly the same problem as yours and then op just says `` nvm fixed it '' and thread closes . 
  oh god that looks disgusting , especially when you 're fat . 
  what the hell i though only over 6 and half inches is good, 
   redditor since : 2015-08-18 ( 19 days ), 
  for me tool is about albums and not individual songs so a greatest hits album would n't make sense to me . 
  if you are actively searching for a gf and thinking about getting one then you 'll never get it . 
  just do n't give a fuck about it and it eventually will happen . 
  you seem to be obsessed with this gf thing a bit too much . 
  / r/linuxshowerthoughts why ? 
   antergos is superior, 
  it was ironic, 
  i 'm glad i never owned an nvidia product , when i was like 12 i got a 8800 gt upgrade but returned it on the same day because my pentium 4 was a bottleneck . 
  planning on building a full amd rig if zen turns out to be good . 
  but windows itself is already spyware :\\ ^ ), 
  even on windows , when installing something instead of hitting next and accept every toolbar , cleaner and homepage changer , all you have to do is uncheck the boxes that clearly state :, 
  `` make ask.com my homepage '', 
  `` install ask toolbar '', 
  `` include registryfixer for free with this install '', 
  `` speed up your internet connection with netspeeder '', 
  `` update all your drivers at once with driverupdaterpro '', 
  it should be `` respect another person 's no '', 
  i experienced some people that would n't respect my ` no ' no matter how small and insignificant it was . 
  well this happens only when you 're 15-16, 
  i 'm anxious to see what kind of software my university will be running , today i went there ( the classes have n't started yet ) and already saw one dude running ubuntu . 
  if it will be possible to do all work from linux then windows partition goes to / dev/null, 
  would n't gnu/hurd be just gnu ? 
  atleast os x is a posix environment just like linux ... 
  vicarious , schism and others i can not remember at the moment . 
  problem is that i 'm not in an english speaking country so i really ca n't use them ) :, 
  damn i wanted an ibm logo and 4:3 so bad , but the hardware is a bit old so i settled on the x220 . 
  oh and that laptop supports libreboot btw . 
  funny how back then thinkpads were praised by their keyboard , that is why i got myself an x220, 
  that is for their shitty average consumer laptops , thinkpads do not have this issue . 
  at least they backtracked on the horrible 2014 one button trackpad which was plain fucking retarded . 
  they produced the blogs about how much they care about our feedback so we 'll have to wait for the ` retro ' design and hopefully it is good and sells well so that they start making modern ` retro ' design to future generations . 
  this can be avoided by simply doing, 
   i 'm very computer literate, 
  take a read on dunning-kruger effect, 
  `` here 's the link where i found out about the file that i needed to fix it '', 
  * [ only registered users can see links ] *, 
  pff so what if you installed arch , that shit is easy . 
  talk to me when you forked the kernel and made it run on your homemade cpu architecture . 
  at least you admit it in your flair ... 
  yes , next step would be gentoo . 
  it is very similar to arch except that you need to do some things manually that in arch are done by arch install scripts ( ` pacstrap ` , ` arch-chroot ` , ` genfstab ` ) and also extra configuration related to the kernel and compiling packages ( use flags , c flags , makeopts , etc. . . ), 
  well the inspiron series are fucking terrible but the new xpss are good and have good linux compability . 
  also did you considered a thinkpad ? 
  the series ending with 40 have that one button trackpad that makes using the trackpoint a shitty experience when compared to older thinkpads where you have 3 separate buttons ( the newest one has 3 separate buttons again though but they 're a bit different ) . 
  that 's because i3 is the ubuntu of tiling wms, 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f488ujaqgmw ), 
  well i also did n't care until i tried it . 
  well , to be able to ` emerge ` you need gentoo 's package manager - portage . 
  you mean debian + openbox + tint2 ? 
  what about on os x ? 
  how much battery life there ? 
  nothing of value was lost, 
  you 're a kiddie that got bullied with downvotes when you said in that other thread that registry is just as intuitive as config files and that hurt your virtual feelings and now you 're attention whoring like somebody cares about your leaving . 
  i bet you will still lurk this sub for a while though . 
  opensuse provides the best out of the box kde experience i believe, 
   some calling me childish, 
  if you want to avoid this then perhaps you should stop acting like one . 
  seriously man are you a neet ? 
   how 's gta v going ? 
  what if i told you that not everybody is a little gayming faggot like you ? 
  shit man , that pic of stallman he actually looks decent . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  i 'm ** not ** interesting in any kind of gaming , that is why i called you a little gayming faggot . 
   dzen2 basic at is just a bar that gets data from a script, 
  give lemonbar a try, 
  what the fuck is wrong with portuguese ? 
  i live in portugal for almost 12 years ( i 'm from ukraine ) and it seems that every portuguese thinks that portuguese is a very hard language for some retarded reason . 
   our language is very hard because you can say something in a bunch of ways, 
  yeah and so do almost all other languages , fuck off . 
  except it actually is . 
  english is very objective and straight to the point because it 's just a poor language , no wonder it 's the international language ( hint : it 's easy to learn ) . 
  what other languages you know other than english ? 
  `` you guys favorite distro '', 
  this is not a linux gaming thread you fucking manchild, 
  is there such a thing as windows lover ? 
  i think that pretty much everyone simply tolerates it .
