   oh look it 's this thread again, 
  reminds me of the never ending cancer shill threads on / g /, 
  you 're the guy from / r/archlinux that posted how to see detailed version upgrades , i just have one question what uncommenting ` #color ` will do ? 
  the pacman.conf manpage does n't help me, 
  i 'm not sure , but looks like you 've been shadowbanned so i 'll advice you to check with reddit admins about that . 
  that 's what defines an okay zerker and good zerker . 
  does n't seem to be showing any difference on mine , but it 's probably because i 've done all updates . 
  i do get colored output , with pacman - syu i have some blue dots on '' : : starting full system upgrade ... '' i 'll try tomorrow when updates get released so it has more stuff to display , thanks . 
   hey themeteorpolice can i use your computer real quick, 
  oh i just noticed that the aur helper that i use , packer , does the color thing automatically already so whenever i did ` packer - syu ` it would auto color . 
  i always wondered because if i did pacman - ss then it would n't be colored but packer - ss would color it . 
  i get it now . 
  * oh look another bait thead *, 
  check on it later and it has 166 replies ... 
  but for some reason i keep coming back everyday . 
  stockholm syndrome i guess . 
  because i do n't have fun anymore playing them , i try sometimes to play for like 10 minutes and already get bored . 
  and my gaming capable laptop just died yesterday so i 'll probably get a thinkpad and with it i wo n't have games installed . 
  maybe because you already bough all the cool games ? 
  how you manage to do it ? 
  my arch install if i htop in the shell with no x it sits at 80 mb ... 
  i do n't play since start of lvl 65 patch and one thing that bothered me is how warriors keep getting buffs for no reason , not only pve buffs but some of them also influence pvp . 
  why is this happening ? 
  does bluehole just like warriors the most ? 
   utorrent, 
  people still use this malware ? 
  yes i was aware they were on the low side in pve but in pvp they 're one of the best . 
  wow things definitely have changed ... 
  i have my cousin and his family there they say it 's like +40 \u00b0 c , impossible without air conditioner . 
  sorry for bothering after 1 week but i 'd like to ask as a student who 's going for equivalent of america 's ce my guess is that we 'll do programing so do you think a 12.5 inch screen is okay for let 's say eclipse or whatever ide they will make us play with ? 
  yeah but this one is poorly done . 
  you should use - rs because it will aldo remove the dependancies that are not needed anymore . 
  if you do end up installing with antergos then expect to be sent to rtfm many times because arch requires you to have a basic knowledge of things and if you skip the install you 'll not get the basic knowledge to help you out in the long run . 
  why not just ` sudo !, 
  when you set 2 or 3 people on fire, 
  yeah scouts are those who think they 'll never get backstabbed because they 're fast and jump around all the time . 
  so satisfying to stab em . 
  rns is stupid , rs only removes the dependancies that are n't needed by any package, 
  unfortunately that 's how it works . 
  people with good intention get fucked and the greedy one prevail since bussiness ' main goal is to make money and most of time good intentions are n't as profitable . 
  ca n't even count how many hours i spent in syncronized dance with a guild mate waiting for tot queue because badges sold quite well it was easy 10 min 600k profit . 
  also once spent 4 hours in sync dance with a random dude after the dungeon was over talking bout random shit . 
  sometimes i miss this game but, 
  * tot was removed it was my fav relax mode dungeon and a quick way to make money, 
  * running abnm and lp + ghille daily was more fun than rg twice for jewelry ... 
  the drop rates in rg are a night mare and you have to run the same dungeon twice and it is n't even that fun, 
  * nexus removed ... 
  and a lot of other minor stuff that i miss from previous patch . 
  that res , is it a x series thinkpad ? 
  if so then how 's working on a 12.5 inch screen ? 
  i do n't like gaming anymore because of how mainstream it is which makes it decline in quality, 
  any hardware labeled and marketed as '' epic pro gaming '' is disgusting and only accepable if you 're 15 years old not to mention they 're almost always overpriced garbage, 
  games are n't as quality as they used to be , it 's all about marketing and bussiness now, 
  windows is cancer and most kids see bill gates as an angel because of charity but he 's basically paying back all the dirty tactics microsoft used to get monopoly and shut down innovative small companies, 
  intel and nvidia all they care is that you give them money and use various dirty tactics to gain monopoly ( intel sued in 2005 , nvidia restrictive hairworks and gsync etc etc. . ), 
  pcmr behaves sometimes just like peasants but of a different flavour, 
  gaming is n't a hobby i would be proud of and my life had gotten much better after stopping . 
  the only thing that remains is me checking some of my fav games subreddits from time to time . 
  ( a bit offensive ) if you 're over 18 and still own a `` battlestation '' instead of a normal pc then you 're a manchild and need to rethink your life, 
  i 'm a f2p but what i used to do when i played was to go stand right infront of enemy spawn disguised as an engie and just try to do the flick and stab or whatever you call it on people coming out , you have to be fast or else they bump into you . 
  anything with `` epik leds gaming powered etc etc. . . '' instead of just normal simple hardware, 
  from what i gathered with the new free win 10 if you test it is, 
  `` install this botnet keylogger and win 10 will be yours '', 
  not removed entirely i think , it will eventually come back rebalanced, 
  yes the size is very attractive , but i 'm wondering what do you do with it like programming in some ide like eclipse or something , if so then i wanted to know if it tiresome to do so in a tiny screen . 
  because coming from a standard 15.6 '' laptop , i went to the store to see how a 13 '' feels like ( they do n't have 12.5 '' ) and damn the things are small , but 14 '' is kinda big to travel around ... 
  so you last 1 minute now ... ? 
  * and now , some music *, 
  so your main laptop is a small one and you 're comfortable with it ? 
  my experience was with a 10 '' asus eeepc and i ca n't imagine working on that thing, 
   says :, 
  ** please install ` dialog ' to use wifi-menu , ** can anyone please help me what to do ? 
  the many solutions online wont work : /, 
  seriously man it says there exactly in the error what to do and you waste time making an useless reddit post ... 
  one thing that bothers me with archers is that their charge skills take way too long and it can become a problem in boss mechanics such as 30 % turtle in br when zerker in lvl 65 patch got a buff to flurry of blows and makes charge skills very fast . 
  damage during leveling does n't mean nothing , all that matters is end game and that is where archer gets outclassed . 
  okay then thanks for feedback , i 've been gathering a bit of info on x220 owner 's experience and so far most of them do n't get bothered with a 12.5 '' screen . 
   ton of alts, 
  i used to do that on almost every mmo and never got to endgame , while my friend just picked a class he liked and played till the end . 
  only with tera i realized that i should do that too and i had a lot of fun playing zerker despite being hard as fuck to pvp well and had a great time playing . 
  in my native language and the country where i 'm at both use double negative, 
  it was comparable to zerker at 60 , but 65 zerker got much faster and archer stayed the same . 
  source code pro is a favorite of mine . 
  the ending is fucking massive . 
  i do n't understand much about drums but damn danny 's playing was intense . 
  so satisfying to kill 1v1 pyro with degreaser vs stock or backburner . 
  honestly after discovering the degreaser and learning that the flare gun crits on burning players i never went back ... 
  instead of just chasing low health classes brainlessly you can execute them before they can even react . 
  w+m 1 + m2 +2 + m1 is much more run than only w+m 1, 
  facestabs are just knife 's equivalent of random crits . 
  the whole where the light is live concert is amazing , and so is any given thursday . 
  i only listen to live john mayer . 
  journey with the terminal should start with, 
  $ man man, 
  how 's the x220 screen size for you ? 
  the icons arent uniform looking . 
  you have circled , rectangular , flat , different shapes and sizes . . 
  deviate - controvert v2 or favored v3 or strikeforce v4 or conjunct v5 ? 
  `` lol gyze look what serana resurrected ty serana a chicken is very helpful '', 
  `` look at this dude with an arrow/frostbite right through his eye and he still lives '',
