   they were investigating potentially related emails . 
  turns out they were n't related . 
  95 % not related . 
  also do n't forget she deleted the ones she was asked to turn over by the state department and her team destroyed blackberries and ipads with hammers . 
  definitely nothing shady going on amirite ? 
   who is tony podestra ? 
  i looked it up but did n't find anything . 
  also , what does that have to do with clinton ? 
  all you have to do is type his name into google . 
  he 's john podestra 's brother , who is the chairman of the clinton campaign . 
   so you ca n't give me specifics on how he 's going to get congress to pass a law restricting how long they can serve ? 
  i 'm no politician but what he wants to address the corruption issue and that is welcoming by all . 
   you 're so stupid , it 's adorable . 
  okay let 's look at what has been happening here . 
  you 're making claims that you can not back them up , constantly insult me for no reason , is so insecure that have to brag about some date night to a random stranger . 
  you 're exactly the kind of mental wreck i 'd expect to support a world class liar and massively corrupt globalist puppet . 
   remind me in a few hours . 
  i 'm getting ready to grill some lamb . 
  date night !, 
  how insecure you must be that you feel the need to brag about a date to a random internet stranger ? 
   this might be hard for you to understand because all your friends are people who you play video games with on the internet and have n't met in real life, 
   you 're a teenager who plays `` e-sports '' all day, 
  okay so you keep insisting on personal attacks now instead of addressing the argument itself . 
  but for the record , i do n't play video games . 
   but grown men do n't brag about sexual assault, 
  if they let you it 's not sexual assault . 
  if he sexually assaulted women he 'd be in big trouble . 
   trump is being investigated by state agencies for ripping people off with his `` university '' fraud . 
  lawsuits that are over . 
   just because you cry your lonely self to sleep does n't mean i 'm bragging . 
  i 'm simply excited about dinner . 
  you feel the need to brag about a date to some random stranger on the internet . 
  what an insecure faggot you are . 
   https://www.reddit.com/user/mrsnowshow/submitted/, 
  my last gaming post was more than a year ago . 
  i do n't login into my steam account for over 500 days i just checked . 
  yet you posted 2 days ago about pokemon , what a fucking hypocrite . 
   he is . 
  he 's going up against gloria allred and twelve accusers after the election . 
  he 's going after them because of false accusations you dumb fuck . 
  the same as melania did to daily mail when they spewed bullshit about her being a sex worker in the past . 
   yeah , i 'm not finding any `` john podestra '' either . 
  pathetic denial . 
  it 's all over the news, 
   not bragging . 
  just excited . 
  grilled lamb and my wife 's making stir fry . 
  sorry about your hand-sized gf tho, 
  `` guys look at me i have a date ! '' . 
   no puppet !, 
  you 're the puppet !, 
  she takes millions from wall street bankers and foreign nations . 
  just the fact that she 's worth a fuckton of money despite not selling any product or having any sort of business is very troubling . 
   i love that you 're so triggered by the fact that i 'm making dinner with my wife . 
  you 're the one bringing personal shit into argument . 
  i asked source on trump fbi investigation , you say something something i have a date , that now turned into a dinner with wife . 
  conclusion , trump is not under fbi investigation . 
  stop spewing bullshit . 
   dude , my username is metroidmuscle . 
  i play video games from time to time . 
  i can admit it , too , without lying about how often i play . 
  good , you like video games . 
  i used to like them too but i stopped playing for over a year ago . 
  move on , we 're talking politics not personal life . 
   you said they 're false accusations ? 
  prove it , cuck . 
  burden of proof rests on the one making the claim . 
   link me to this `` podestra '' guy . 
  i 'm not finding anything . 
  how retarded are you ? 
  hillary 's campaign top guy is john podestra . 
  [ this email was forwarded to him ] ( https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/15893 ) by his brother , tony podestra . 
  little to none amount of brainpower is required to process this information . 
   man , poor thing . 
  i really hurt your feelings , did n't i ? 
  do n't be sad . 
  you 'll meet mr. 
  right one day . 
  only insecure beta cucks seek validation from strangers on internet forums . 
   that makes her smart . 
  she definitely is , but foreign nations controlling us politicians is not good . 
   from an earlier comment that you ignored :, 
    edit : oh , it 's his russian shill former campaign manager that 's being investigated by the fbi . 
  trump is being investigated by state agencies for ripping people off with his `` university '' fraud . 
  my mistake . 
  those are lawsuits against trump university . 
  once again , he is __ not __ under fbi investigation . 
   sure you did . 
  you realize i commented about a tournament that i __ watched __ that was held almost a year ago ? 
   then maybe your skinny nerd ass should n't pretend like he knows what real men talk about in the locker room . 
  you 're a fucking geek , you do n't know what `` alpha males '' talk about . 
  and you do . 
   and you claimed the accusations were false . 
  burden of proof is on you . 
  they 're false until proved true . 
  this is like , logic 101 , what the hell are you on ? 
   no it is n't . 
   john david podesta ( born january 8 , 1949 ) is the chairman of the 2016 hillary clinton presidential campaign, 
  your other replies are n't even making sense so i 'm not addressing those . 
   that 's his scam , comrade .
