  it 's coming from all over south and latin america , and it 's coming probably from the middle east . 
  but we do n't know . 
  because we have no protection and we have no competence , we do n't know what 's happening . 
  and it 's got to stop and it 's got to stop fast . '', 
   what can be simpler or more accurately stated ? 
  the mexican government is forcing their most unwanted people into the united states . 
  they are , in many cases , criminals , drug dealers , rapists , etc. 
  this was evident just this week when , as an example , a young woman in san francisco was viciously killed by a 5 time deported mexican with a long criminal record , who was forced back into the united states because they did n't want him in mexico . 
  this is merely one of thousands of similar incidents throughout the united states . 
  in other words , the worst elements in mexico are being pushed into the united states by the mexican, 
  government . 
  it 's a simple concept . 
  mexican government is sending the bad ones because they do n't want to deal with them . 
  msm distorted this as trump calling all mexicans rapists and all that . 
   oblivion will be pretty reserved . 
  what did he mean by this ? 
  trump answered that question like in the 1st or 2nd republican debate . 
  he said he spoke to border patrol agents and they told him that . 
  it 's irrelevant whether that 's true or not because either way , what he said is not calling mexicans `` criminals and rapists '' . 
  the issue is whether or not the mexican ** government ** is sending their bad ones so that the us takes care of them , not mexico . 
  why you did n't say that you actually installed antergos ? 
  you should read all of this, 
  it 's very nice written and interesting, 
  not reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee communism !, 
  imagine if companies run by liberals , with liberal values and political leanings , were the ones fact checking the internet . 
  just try it , and see how it feels . 
  dodge a ~ ~ bullet ~ ~ missile there . 
  now where have i heard this before ... hmmm ? 
   do you really think trump will run, 
   do you really think he will get the nomination, 
   do you really think he is going to win the election, 
   beating an elder scrolls game, 
  it has gone pretty bad with gaymer redditors and / v / pieces of shit . 
  i ca n't go there now without reporting a thread every 15 minutes, 
  totes tbh if it was on itunes it wud be lit af fam, 
  reality has a liberal bias amirite xd xd we are the spreaders of truth !, 
   cruz whooped his ass in that debate, 
  i did n't watch the debate but an easy way to figure this out is that there were __ zero __ posts about it on reddit 's front page . 
  `` i feel like / u/mrsnowshow 's computer is from the 90s '', 
  `` your laptop makes me want to bring my old brick i have at house '', 
  i usually reply that it 's from 2011 , 2nd gen intel i processor , it 's only the design which remained unchanged ... and that you can probably beat somebody to death with this thing . 
  on your title you have `` x220 and t420 '' but in post you have `` x200 and t420 '' so which one of them is it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure x220 and t420 are identical . 
  x200 and t420 are different ( no big esc and del key , older looking volume , mute and power buttons ) . 
  le dumb uneducated drumpf supporters xd, 
  how are you productive on a 12 inch screen ? 
  sometimes i wish i bought a t420 instead . 
  i 'm considering it , since it will be my only machine for at least 2 or 3 years ( i 'm a university student ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's a comfy shitposting machine however when i start actually working with multiple browser tabs , documentation , pdfs , ide/text editor sometimes i wish i had a bigger screen . 
  nice non-shinny keyboard, 
  how does a bigger screen t570 have better battery life than a t470 ? 
  since you mentioned vp9 and youtube , there is an extension called h264ify that forces youtube to play mp4 video instead of vp9 . 
  yes it only works on windows . 
  on linux even firefox 's ui is not hardware accelerated so not only it 's a cpu hog when watching video , but also when simply running , i imagine it 's the same with chromium . 
  only way i got hw decoded videos was with mpv + youtube-dl + vaapi, 
  this is not really a big deal with desktops but for laptops it fucks up the battery life which is one of the reasons i do n't spend much time in linux, 
  i love the ansi us keyboard , it has a nice symmetrical look . 
  in european keyboards ( called iso ) the big weirdly-shaped enter key is awkward and looks bad , i understand why they did it thought , it 's more useful to have an extra key in the middle row rather than on top of enter . 
  iso layout also has an extra key near left shift by making it smaller , while adding functionality , aesthetically it looks bad too . 
  vp9 saves bandwidth , so i guess for google it 's more important than draining battery of pre-skylake machines since your average user does not notice/care, 
  3rd party 9 cell right ? 
  how much wh it has ? 
   s-surely this time he will be impeached this time is for real guys, 
  t. / r/politics every week, 
  you guys are fucking hysterical morons . 
  do n't use arch-based distros if you 're new to linux, 
   beautiful, 
  i thought t460 screen was a dim 60 % srgb piece of crap, 
  i put it in my eastpak and forget about it . 
  by the way , last week i was caught in heavy rain and only after arriving i noticed that i forgot to close the bag so my thinkpad was directly rained upon for ~ 5-7 minutes . 
  it 's fine . 
  i forgot to close the bag so the rain instead of raining on the bag rained _ into _ the bag directly on the laptop . 
  probably , but i did n't turn it on right away only later after wiping a bit with my shirt . 
  do n't use arch if you 're new , especially if it 's some shitty installer arch-based distro . 
  tucker was very soft on that crazy reeeeeeee fascism !!!!!!, 
  woman . 
  she called milo a `` homophobic '' he could have pressed her on that . 
  having just a giant tux looks like crap in my opinion, 
  you 've been indoctrinated by / r/politics for too long, 
  stacking 100 % weakness to magic/fire/frost / shock or just mix them all together . 
  your damage skyrockets . 
  the puppy is cute and all that but this is just a low effort shitpost . 
  this . 
  seriously , enough of these `` pls remaster this game to feed my nostalgia '' . 
  coincidentally t43 was the last thinkpad made by ibm , another excuse to buy an old collection laptop, 
  after oblivion bethesda made only 3 games - fallout 3 , skyrim and fallout 4 . 
  bethesda softworks ! = bethesda game studios . 
  have you tried kingdoms of amalur : the reckoning ? 
  the game is lackluster in terms of story/characters/atmosphere / whenever you 're not in combat . 
  however , the game 's combat is very good and i loved the fate system where you basically have 3 skill trees for warrior rogue and mage and you can make any combinations or choose all 3 . 
  i always wanted to play some magic-based rogue and in that game it feels perfect because you get cool upgrades and powers ) . 
  for example , full mage , warrior + mage and rogue + mage get their dodge replaced by a blink , and later a frost blink for pure mages and poison blink for rogues . 
  plus you have two weapons slots which makes it even more fun to play a mix of two skill trees . 
  you could for example as a warrior/rogue use hammers ( warrior weapon ) up close and use a bow ( rogue weapon ) for ranged attacks . 
  no , that was the 2nd debate . 
  i watched that one multiple times , so many btfo while hillary was like `` g-g-g-go to my website he 's lyin !!!! '', 
  first debate was heavily biased . 
  the moderator focused 100 % on trump , he asked him 3 controversial questions and the debate was over , he did n't even touch hillary . 
  trump was on defense 100 % of time . 
  b-b-but reality has a liberal bias !,
