  usa is being ripped of in trade and ever increasing national debt . 
  trump 's campaign is n't some raycis movement against minorities . 
  he 's constantly saying how black communities are being unfairly treated by democrats who ask for their vote and do nothing in return . 
  his campaign is summarized in ` bringing back jobs ' and not some rayciss movement to purge america of everything that is n't white . 
  why do you think blacks for trump , latinos for trump women for trump exist ? 
  anyone making the claim that trump is literally hitler does not have a clue he 's talking about . 
   but they also admired his ability to say what everyone thought , but did n't dare say out loud . '', 
  what is wrong with this ? 
  this trump is literally hitler reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee bullshit is nothing but projection based on nothing but feelings . 
  the situations are completely different and they support different ideologies . 
  hitler was natsoc , but i doubt you even know what that means . 
  i explained it after . 
  we need to redefine what climate change actually is so that the west does not bury itself in regulations while the rising superpowers like china and india laugh at us, 
  perhaps you should make your own research before spitting complete baseless nonsense . 
  that article you linked was written by a complete anti-trump person , his article does not mention any sources or info on what he wrote . 
  once again , make your own research , stop reading facebook headlines that fish for nothing but clicks because hating on trump is what makes people share their page and click on their articles and thus earn $ $ $ . 
   the article is an old man telling you trump is like hitler . 
  the article was __ written __ by a very vocal and complete anti-trump person . 
  he claims that a holocaust survivor says trump is like hitler , yet no sources or info on this person is given . 
   try telling someone your personality is like hitler lol, 
  see ? 
  this is exactly the problem we 're talking about . 
  you do n't agree with me so now you 're labeling me as hitler . 
  this attitude of labeling everyone you do n't agree with as hitler !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  is cancerous and shows that your debating skills are of a child 's that throws a tantrum whenever they do n't get what they want, 
   you get triggered by the slightest mention of the word hitler, 
  i do n't get triggered by hitler . 
  all i say is that your article is complete biased against trump and does not prove anything . 
   new owner closes it because it makes no money, 
  do n't believe that dirty mook . 
  he used the same scare tactics when he owned previous chans ,, 
   pls gibe money we poor, 
  he also knows perfect english and fakes not knowing so he can derail threads when real issues and questions are brought up . 
  fuck this dirty mook, 
   but the climate change thing did bother me . 
  it also bothered me when i saw headlines on facebook . 
  but when i actually read what he said it makes sense . 
  the __ concept __ of climate change that we have now is handicapping the west very hard while other countries laugh at keep polluting . 
  that is why we needed to redefine climate change and not stick with the current narrative . 
  i even offered a pack of shots to one of my classmates if she could find one racist thing he said . 
  she replies that will `` research to prove me wrong '' and hopefully she sees the light that these accusations are nothing but a way to smear his campaign in a very dishonest way . 
  since when an ` opinion ' is allowed to be as news ? 
  this `` i 'm better than you fuck you '' attitude is exactly why trump is president . 
  imagine you 're a 40s man , working all your adult life to support your family . 
  you vote trump because he promises to renegotiate bad trade deals , having a strong military , try to get rid of corruption from washington d.c. 
  only to be told by some stupid spoiled brat in his early 20s that he is a fucking rayciss white male scum redneck idiot dumbfuck . 
  listen , just because you brand yourself as loving and tolerant , that does not give you the higher moral ground to shit on anybody that does not agree with you . 
  labeling everyone you do n't agree with as a rayciss homophobic sexist hitler-worshipping redneck is __ not __ how to discuss politics . 
   yo trump supporters - you motherfuckers are dumb, 
  this is not how you argue politics you dumb kid . 
   the __ concept __ of climate change, 
  for fucks sake quote him properly, 
  it means that our current ideas of climate change make the west handicap themselves while countries like china and india laugh at us and keep polluting and do n't give a fuck . 
  that is the issue and not whether or not human made climate change is real, 
  48 hours after being president - ** elect ** , i.e he did n't even assume office and, 
  * russia announces it wants to restore relations and peace, 
  * canada willing to renegotiate nafta, 
  he is truly under budget and ahead of schedule . 
  he did n't look weak . 
  he `` seemed '' to look weak because msm constantly was spinning a completely biased narrative for clinton . 
  they thought that constantly shitting on trump would make him look weaker while it had a completely opposite effect . 
  anyone who actually paid attention instead of just buying whatever the completely biased msm said knew that trump had a much higher chance of winning . 
  i also loved a moment prior to that when trump drops a lengthy truth bomb about her email scandal only to her dismiss it by saying, 
   everything he just said is absolutely false, 
  and she gets booed pretty badly . 
  thanks , i had no idea . 
  fixed . 
  like it or not there will always be hateful groups . 
  we need to teach kids to stand strong against it and not lie that the world is a beautiful and nice place , it is not . 
  what the hell happened to, 
   sticks and stones may break your bones but words will never hurt you, 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  i scroll the facebook feed only to find `` trump will already deport 2 or 3 million immigrants , also the wall is now part fence '' . 
  of course it is clear bullshit so if check [ the actual interview preview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=094sdyn1-ns ) and the story is completely different . 
  no , he meant after the criminals are out and border is secured that they will see what to do with the others who just seek a better life . 
  your college degree that ends with ` studies ' does not make you smarter than a man in his 40s who worked +20 years as a carpenter who can essentially make whatever requested from wood . 
  it may be generally but i doubt a college degree helps you be a critical thinker . 
  i see a lot of university friends sharing completely biased or even fabricated articles just for the virtue signaling , because hating on trump apparently gives you the moral high ground . 
  no , you 're only allowed to make fun of whatever reddit hivemind approves . 
   `` bam hunting in party was thing '', 
  tfw you 'll never again be that level 33 with 4 other people sitting at the campfire chatting while healing , regaining stamina and waiting till bam respawns . 
  he 's just pointing out the truth . 
  why do you hate the truth when it goes against your narrative ? 
  that attitude is why trump won you dumb kid . 
  debate them , engage them and not dismiss and call them rayciss when their opinion does not match yours . 
  according to them they hate racism , sexism , etc. . . but by literally calling everyone a racist , the accusations became meaningless and real issues of racism and sexism might get dismissed more and more . 
  the irony is so big , by overusing the words so much they have they have damaged the credibility of the very thing they supposedly fight for . 
  this is a lesson we are taught before we even get into school , the story of the pastor boy who 's bored watching his sheep so plays a prank on the town people that a wolf is attacking . 
  after doing this 2 times , at the 3rd time an actual wolf attacks but nobody comes to the rescue . 
  also due to their lack of self-criticism and being so self-absorbed they 'll ( probably ) never understand this and why they 're failing so badly . 
  you got your answers , why do you care about imaginary internet points ? 
  source ? 
  of course not . 
  do you really think that over 12,000 people in / r/thinkpad , where people are enthusiastic about thinkpads and spend their free time talking about them and helping each other would ever tell you to do something so stupid ? 
  the site itself, 
  i meant source code for the website . 
   the majority vote actually went to clinton, 
  majority is  50 % . 
  clinton has ~ 47.8 %, 
  yes it would have been so much better to goldman sachs , saudi arabia , qatar ...
