  what i 'd like for archer to have is something like berserker 's flurry of blows or sorcerer 's burst of celerity because in boss fights such as turtle at br that you have 30 seconds to break shield , archer looses a lot of dps because his charging is kinda slow ( even with the glyphs that speed up after certain skill ) compared to flurry of blows ii or glyphed burst of celerity, 
  there 's also a ubuntu christian edition, 
  [ ponyos - my little unix : kernels are magic ] ( http://www.ponyos.org/ ), 
  not a distro though because it uses their own built from scratch kernel . 
  the installer does not `` suck '' , it 's just a different way of doing it . 
  some people enjoy knowing what is actually happening instead of everything being hidden behind a useless progress bar . 
  so a new kernel module called `` amdgpu '' ? 
  what about the current one `` radeon '' ? 
  that 's because you 're probably a bit older than the average pcmr and do n't get fooled by the `` epik gaymer pro 9001 assassin lightning mouse/keyboard '' or whatever marketing bullshit buzzwords they use these days . 
  this is why you should just install normal arch, 
  / g / is becoming full of normies and / v / kiddies who ca n't live without their games . 
  you 're anonymous and there are no upvotes and downvotes so you can fully express yourself . 
  honestly something like [ this ] ( http://iichan.hk/s/src/1355938735862.jpg ) is a lot sexier than whatever `` epik gaymur pro precision quick scope '' that is marketed nowadays . 
  adobe makes good fonts ... 
  what chromebook you have and what distro you have in it ? 
  `` le epik corsair raptor k30 gaymen keyboard !!!! '', 
  corsair is targeting 14 year olds with that product ... 
  everybody has a diffente taste so it does n't matter . 
  but seriously i really hate any hardware marketed as `` epik gaymer pro gear badass motherfucker '' sounds retarded and is pure bs rather than having quality durable products, 
  that 's amazing , as far as i know chrome os is pretty limited so installing linux is a straight upgrade, 
  i 'm not sure what kind of conflict you have but netctl and dhcpcd are not `` conflicting '' , dhcpcd is a dependancy of netctl so it 's not like you 're using two different things that do the same ( example : networkmanager and netctl ), 
  my 5 and a half year old laptop 's motherboard fucked up beyong repair and last time i think it was on version 4.0.7 and a new motherboard is expensive so i wont repair it for a while . 
  one day i 'll repair it and finally break the myth of arch breaking, 
  true . 
  os x and linux as operating systems per se are much better than windows simply because of posix standard and basically being unix like, 
  res, 
  html color picker ( to do reddit css ), 
  and that 's pretty much it, 
   ` babbys first ' tiling wm, 
  yep . 
  i guess you could call it the ubuntu of tiling wms, 
  seriously do n't you know how to fucking link to the direct image instead of imgur site ? 
  if you wipe out chromeos and install linux only then there will be issues with drivers and power ? 
  i found tool by watching various covers until i stumbled upon [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szrex4vczpu ) , at first i did n't like it much because the melody was odd but with time i started to appreciate it . 
  a few weeks of only listening to the cover i decided to listen to original song , as with the cover i at first did n't like it but after a few forced listens i fell in love . 
  probably spent like ( no exagerating ) half a year only listening to lateralus ( the song ) , my friend was recommending parabola but i could n't get out of the comfort zone of lateralus until one time i accidentally clicked on the full album yt video and , once again , did n't like much only after listening to it a few times carefully . 
  then i revisited sam westphalen covers and found out another one from tool [ the pot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg84jnrfqg8 ) . 
  imediately went to hear the original and fell in love , also clicked randomly on right in two and loved it too . 
  spent some time listening to both until deciding to listen to whole album , but was pretty disapointed because only the pot and right in two were songs that i liked and the rest were long and boring and i could n't understand how people liked songs like 10000 days and rosetta stoned until ( once again ) i carefully listened to them and was blown away by whole album . 
  heard a lot of praise to aenima album and undertow too so i checked them out and ( not surpisingly ) i did n't like them at first and currently i 'm at that point where i 'm listening carefully and discovering how good the songs are ( some of my favorites at the moment : intolerance , bottom , eulogy , h , hooker with a penis ) and i know i 'll like the rest i just need to carefully listen to them for a bit more time . 
  i 've heard people say it 's one of the most accurate when hacking happens and not like a lot of shows :, 
  `` let me try to hack their security system ... adhaiudhaiutgwithht9ty1p9319r31y9r1 ok i 'm in '', 
  i mean have n't you done this when you were a kid and xp froze ? 
  sorry mr. original ayy lmao flair i forgot to type about your big efforts of remaking entire lyrics of the song , i wish i knew the full song so i could sing along more than just the intro :|, 
  what exactly happens if you drink and then smoke ? 
  why you say it 's bad ? 
  i 'm not really a smoker , i just sometimes accept to smoke when i 'm drunk as fuck and i get pretty confused because i 'm not sure if i 'm drunk or high . 
  not trying to be rude or anything but most of your questions can be answered if you type them exactly like in your post in google and the 1st or 2nd result will have the answer . 
  also youtube has a lot of linux for new users guides . 
   what the difference is between all these difference linux distros i hear about and what makes one distro better than the other . 
  each distro has a set of goals , target audience and philosophy . 
  in your case the best distros would be ubuntu or linux mint , both target new users and are designed to work out of the box with little to none configuring . 
   `` hacking '' possibilities . 
   i do n't know anything about the command line or using the terminal interface, 
  once again , there are plenty of youtube videos covering basic commands . 
  one command you should use a lot is ` man ` which stands for ` manual ' , simply writing ` man ls ` will show you what the ` ls ` command does . 
   also , if you have any recommendations for a cheap , ultra-portable laptop , i 'd very much like to know since i 'd like to run linux on the go . 
  in the theme of `` hacking '' you could go with a used/refurbished thinkpad , x series since you mentioned ultra portable . 
  they are cheap , durable and have good linux support . 
  [ thinkpad guide here ] ( http://ktgee.net/post/49423737148/thinkpad-guide ), 
  in america you do n't do 2 kisses ? 
  if i recall correctly ( have n't played for quite a while ) it does indeed increase charging speed . 
  but why you just do n't test it ingame ? 
  whenever i boot arch the first line i see is `` loading linux linux ... '', 
  my guess is probably because of ` mkinitcpio - p linux ` command that is done during install . 
  honestly i find using a wallpaper of your distro a bit redundant and not so aesthetically pleasing . 
  just as during win 7 days a lot of people used the default blue with windows flag in center . 
  oh right , i remember opening up grub.cfg and seeing that `` loading linux linux '' line . 
  how would i make grub.cfg fetch kernel version from ` uname - r ` ? 
  my first days of listening to 10,000 i though that vicarious was the worst song in the album until one day somehow the part after solo ( the epic build up towards the end ) got my attention and from that moment vicarious is in my top 5 of all tool songs . 
  i 'm pretty sure with time you get to love tool songs that you though you did n't like . 
  for example i had no idea why people liked pushit but after a few days of listening i 'm starting to enjoy it . 
  magic  active effects will show you if you have vampirism or not . 
   i got ta do the long quest ? 
  the `` long quest '' you 're referencing i believe is from oblivion , in skyrim they dumbed it down . 
  all you have to do is ask for rumors from an innkeeper and you 'll get pointed to a fairly easy quick quest , and sometimes random people tell you that you should visit a dude that is reasearching cure for vampirism . 
  mozzarella foxfire as i heard some people say :\\ ^ ), 
  a big portion of it was because of various holes and bugs in programing for the quest and worst part is that in the ps3 north american goty edition it is impossible to cure vampirism . 
  all os x haters are the gaming kiddies who ca n't live without games . 
  windows as an operating system by itself is inferior to os x and linux in a development environment . 
  you should try development , as soon as you do n't have any . exes shit goes down . 
  that is because cmd is just such a massive hunk of shit when compared to bash or any other unix shell , windows is only good when you doing windows stuff . 
  we 're talking about os x here . 
  and yeah i agree their repair policy is retarded as fuck and they 're trying to make their products not repairable so that you only keep going to apple store and buy a new mac instead . 
  czech and polaks , slavs with the wrong alphabet, 
  steam does not respect your freedom because it is a proprietary drm closed source software . 
  google is also botnet . 
  even my dad who is tech illiterate complains that he for example is browsing about cars and then on a totally different page he sees ads about cars . 
  what happens if you 're not running any de ? 
  i recomend too, 
  [ link for the lazy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdkqnlqb-40 ), 
  to be fair , a fresh windows install has less things working out of the box than linux . 
  pcmr is peasantry of a different flavour . 
  sorry for hijacking your post but am i the only one who 's wifi works better in linux than windows ? 
  on windows wifi would sometimes turn off randomly for like 20 seconds and then reconnect and that never happened with linux since almost a year of experience . 
  this is fucking gorgeous , i 'm always impressed how complex things people can do with lemonbar when its concept is so simple . 
  also stevie ray vaughan nice taste . 
  [ here 's a list of martin 's replies to all artifacts ] ( http://www.uesp.net/wiki/oblivion:blood_of_the_daedra#martin.27s_comments ), 
  google is making profiles about each of us to target us ads, 
  i think ponyos is probably the best choice for you,
