  underage kiddies care , and there 's nothing we can do about it . 
  default subs are becoming youtube comments now ... 
  5 seconds is all i could do . 
  damn , i have my x220 for like half a year now and it 's only a little bit worn off on one specific part because i was stupidly scratching with my nail to remove dirt, 
   going to get a pcmr tattoo . 
  literally the letters , in bold print, 
  are you really this dumb ? 
  just do it man , it 's not like your computer is going to blow up if you fail . 
   what would you recommend i get tattoed ? 
  nothing . 
  you seem to have shitty tattoo ideas so just forget about it until you have something awesome , meaningful and that you 'll be 100 % sure you will like it at any point ( trust me , you will stop going to pcmr because of how shitty that sub is ), 
  pcmr term was just a joke from a game reviewer on youtube . 
  imagine a 30 year old man explaining to other normal functioning members of society that pcmr means that pc is the master race of gaming , imagine their reaction ... 
  ridiculous is n't it ? 
  you 're missing the point , what i 'm trying to say is that all that pcmr bullshit is a joke teens throw around online . 
  nobody takes that to the real world , if you did people would look at you [ like this ] ( https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/chloe.jpg ) . 
   `` i am a pc gamer '', 
  this is terrible man . 
  gaming is n't a hobby to be proud of , especially if you 're over 20, 
  8320 the best choice, 
  whatever man , if you 're proud of being an epik gamer then go ahead , just expect a lot of [ this ] ( https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/chloe.jpg ), 
  oc it, 
  i see nobody here talking about multiplayer . 
  it is on a whole different level and you need years to actually be somewhat good , anyone who comes from singleplayer gets destroyed in multiplayer , no exception . 
  8320 is a 2012 processor so pretty much any modern intel is better . 
   how about the learning curve ? 
  does gentoo force you even more to learn about your system than arch does ? 
  yes , during the install process the arch livecd includes a few scripts to help you out ( ` pacstrap ` , ` arch-chroot ` , ` genfstab ` ) that gentoo does not . 
  ` pacstrap ` in arch is used to install the base system ( including kernel and pacman which require no configuration for most users ) while with gentoo you must manually download and extract using a cli browser or wget/curl a stage3 tarball ( base system ) and portage ( gentoo 's package manager ) which you must configure because portage offers more customization due to gentoo being source-based . 
  and after that you still need the kernel , gentoo offers ` genkernel ` which will build a generic kernel that will work on most systems ( but still requires configuration ) or you can go even deeper and build your own kernel . 
  ` arch-chroot ` is just a script to get into a chroot environment with one command . 
  with gentoo you must do this manually which requires mounting more than one partition with different options ( / proc , / sys , / dev ) and a few commands . 
  ` genfstab ` will generate an fstab file automatically ( this file contains info about your partitions and how to mount them ) while gentoo only offers a template and you must manually edit the file according to your partitions . 
  and just the nature of a source-based distro will teach you a bit more about the system than a binary distro . 
  people who ask `` what distro should i use ? '', 
  are beginner 's so the intermediate and advanced parts are unnecessary since intermediate and advanced users know what they need . 
  did n't nvidia launch a driver for this game and amd did not ? 
  i also noticed this , my guess is that those are enemy arrows that got stuck in your body so you just keep them ( pretty hardcore imo ), 
  when enemies shoot you with arrows some of them remain pierced in your body and i think those are the ones which appear randomly in your inventory, 
  2014 was the best for me, 
  i feel like this one was n't much about linux . 
  in a 40 minute video he talks for a few minutes about google trends , the distrowatch graph without any analysis and systemd which he only repeats the memes we all know about ( massive monolithic piece of software that is gon na become an os ) , that 's it . 
  rest of the video is just random jokes and the crowd is cringy and beta as fuck because they keep laughing awkwardly loud at every word for no reason . 
   arch is pretty advanced , it does n't even have an installer, 
  but has a step by step very well written page that anyone can follow, 
  whenever you see somebody throwing the `` arch breaks all the time have fun fixing xorg '' memes , ignore them because they obviously never used arch , or maybe tried it but they were too stupid and now defend themselves by talking shit about the distro instead of reconsidering their wiki reading capabilities, 
   antergos, 
   arch logo wallpaper, 
  dude ... 
   2 bars, 
  please provide a proof so we know it 's really you :\\ ^ ), 
  honestly who gives a fuck about internet points . 
  the guy 's original post is basically saying that pacman is crap package manager and you downvote his opinion ? 
  who gives a fuck if he writes `` pacman is shit for plebs '' or `` i personally do n't like pacman '' the point is still the same . 
  those `` archtung ! '', 
  warnings get me everytime, 
  why you 're on / g / if you 're clearly underage ? 
  site is +18, 
  `` install gentoo '' is a meme , gentoo itself is not . 
  i hope that you never posted anything, 
   but if you just say that something is shit then you 're an ass . 
  he gave a pretty good explanation on next reply, 
  this political correctness is so fucking dumb , linus hates shit like that and thank god he is still maintaining our kernel, 
  why ? 
  there 's linux without gnu but no gnu without linux ( unless you count hurd , but it 's unusable ), 
  he explained it the next comment . 
   the original comment was erased, 
  wow , reddit mods are such fucktards sometimes, 
  mods sure are awesome !, 
  yep , just play the game with original item/spell/rune names . 
  damn , i still remember just when aphro got into clg and now he has become possibly the best support in na . 
  also some apprentices and conjurers still `` make fun '' of you when trying to talk to them . 
  `` hmm ... yes ... 
  i 'm sure you have something exceedingly important to say ... but im busy right now '' something about those lines, 
  i 'm running flair related . 
  ever since 46 i ca n't post on 4chan without an image , if no image is selected i get an error saying that the `` image '' is too large despite having no image selected ... 
  why are you linking to the imgur site instead of linking directly to the image ? 
  like so :, 
  makes me wonder are there any na imports in eu ? 
  developer edition man , it is like the beta of beta . 
  firefox has several update channels , stable is at 44 , beta is at 45 , developer edition is at 46 and nightly is 47 . 
  systemd-boot is uefi only ... for bios , grub is the most supported choice, 
  the trackpoint is one of the best things in laptops , it is also very useful if you 're in bed or have the laptop on your lap or something . 
  once you go with the clitmouse you never want a touchpad again . 
  bonus : you 'll get better at fingering girls, 
  gentoo, 
  i have mine as botnet , at login it says, 
  gives me a smug face every time, 
  is n't it toks ? 
  what are you saying dude ? 
  t430 does not have a 4:3 aspect ratio . 
  it has 16:9 just like every consumer laptop, 
   thin and light, 
  you seriously find the faggotish design towards 14 year old girls more sexy [ than this ] ( http://origin.arstechnica.com/reviews/hardware/x60.media/01-laptopsolo.jpg ) ? 
  it 's just a random image from google . 
  by the way , the x60 is probably the easiest laptop to put libreboot on , there 's no need to be fucking around with mobo chips physically , you only need to replace the intel 's wifi with a free one and that is trivial . 
  the flashing itself is done by copy-pasting a few commands . 
  [ the libreboot faq page has a very nice explanation about ime ] ( https://libreboot.org/faq/#intel ) , among other things , a nice read overall . 
  i love that video . 
  `` as you can see fizz arrived and auto attacked a minion , from this point i know that i won the lane '',
