  still not as awesome as debian 's . 
   completely build your own os, 
  not really , gentoo matches more that description, 
   but i 'm running into trouble running the official docs, 
  they 're just a google search away , `` arch beginner install guide '', 
  lfs is more of a hobby `` distro '' ( lfs is n't really a distro , it 's just bunch of documentation to make your own distro ) . 
  yeah the process is kinda similar but gentoo is a bit more manual and the package manager is more complex because it 's source based , some differences on top of my head :, 
  * with arch you do ` pacstrap base / mnt ` to install the base system while in gentoo you must use a cli browser such as links or lynx to manually download and extract a stage3 tarball ( base installation files ), 
  * ` arch-chroot ` is a script to chroot into an environment easily but with gentoo you must mount several other partitions to make chroot work properly . 
  ` genfstab ` is another script that gentoo does not have . 
  * arch 's package manager , pacman , already comes with the base install ready to work with minimal config required or none at all while in gentoo you must manually download again using a cli browser a portage ( gentoo 's package manager ) snapshot and as i said earlier it 's a bit more complex so you 'll have to do more configuration to it ( cflags , use flags . . ) . 
  * arch 's base install also ships with linux ( the kernel ) but not in gentoo , you have 2 options , cheat using ` genkernel ` so that you 'll get a generic kernel which will work in pretty much any system with little config or take a manual approach to shape the kernel to your system by removing unnecessary modules , but i 'm not familiar with this process ( yet ) . 
   hence it 's missing some things the windows version has , like integrated advertisements, 
  wow sir thanks for the laugh, 
  oh i see , so a matador is when you trick opponent to expose his back while strafe and snap is when he runs past you and you stab him, 
  it was an honor speaking to you , champion . 
   the skyrim ones are 20x better . 
  true this . 
  the balgruf rap and the thalmor embassy gay party are classics, 
  argonians are the most badass race . 
  while rest of tamriel was getting buttfucked by daedras during oblivion crisis , when they tried to invade black marsh it ended up with argonians invading them instead and they had to run like little bitches . 
  just imagine shivering isles with bunch of hq mods ... 
  whoa , if you put it that way then suddenly being a vampire is a massive advantage to your survival , you only drink blood and you 're resistant to cold . 
  i personally back when i used to play i role played open fields with no cover as my weakness . 
  because you ca n't be good in everything , so the way i survived was with whirlwind sprint to get out of range and potions ( resistances and health/stamina ) . 
  oh and slow time is also very good shout . 
  it does , master vampire can be complicated depending on your difficulty and build and i remember having to reload several times because some random civilian npc attacked the vampire and ended up dying ... 
  playing oblivion when i was his age :(, 
  why would you want a remaster ? 
  paying a full game again for mediocre graphical increase ? 
  i never remember getting these , is it because of unnofficial patches ? 
  you do not have to build a expensive pc to run skyrim , the console version runs at 720p , even my 5,5 year old laptop runs at a higher res than the console version and i use 2x bigger textures than the official high-res dlc patch and it runs fine . 
  i 've seen a lot of people complaining when ubuntu updates too ... 
  not distro, 
  i know we 're in ** linux ** masterrace but i 'd love to use a direct descendant of unix ( i know of os x but no ) but running freebsd as a main machine is currently impossible for me . 
  understand what you 're doing instead of copy pasting commands . 
  i written this like a day ago :, 
  yeah the process is kinda similar but gentoo is a bit more manual and the package manager is more complex because it 's source based , some differences on top of my head :, 
  * with arch you do ` pacstrap base / mnt ` to install the base system while in gentoo you must use a cli browser such as links or lynx to manually download and extract a stage3 tarball ( base installation files ), 
  * ` arch-chroot ` is a script to chroot into an environment easily but with gentoo you must mount several other partitions to make chroot work properly . 
  ` genfstab ` is another script that gentoo does not have . 
  * arch 's package manager , pacman , already comes with the base install ready to work with minimal config required or none at all while in gentoo you must manually download again using a cli browser a portage ( gentoo 's package manager ) snapshot and as i said earlier it 's a bit more complex so you 'll have to do more configuration to it ( cflags , use flags , different profiles . . ) . 
  * arch 's base install also ships with linux ( the kernel ) but not in gentoo , you have 2 options , cheat using ` genkernel ` so that you 'll get a generic kernel which will work in pretty much any system with little config or take a manual approach to shape the kernel to your system by removing unnecessary modules , but i 'm not familiar with this process ( yet ) . 
   plus , the arch supremacists will reject you . 
  why ? 
  for me arch users praise gentoo ( or atleast should ) because it 's even harder to install it, 
  in my country the prescriptons are now written on a computer and printed, 
  yeah , if we made a very high speed trip out to space and back to earth then time would progress faster on earth and slower to us . 
  \\  tfw you never had any wifi problems, 
  come on man , he has 5 years of linux experience ... 
  i installed arch after like 1 month of almost full time usage of crunchbang, 
  repeat the game with all powers unlocked . 
  i ca n't count how many times i played ovr and over the same game only because it had that feature and i 'd play the fuck out of dishonored if it had that option . 
  and the smartasses one who think that being a fan is linked to higher intelligence . 
  on the edit flairs menu `` user can edit '' must be checked . 
  on ` . flair ` add ` text-indent : 33px ; ` and use somekind of replacer to replace all ` width ` to ` min-width ` . 
  i remember a native nevada redditor explained why exactly he immediately saw the ncr as enemies ... 
  i know i already used cheat engine for runes and coins to buy all the upgrades but it still is n't the same , for example ratchet and clank 3 had a challenge mode where it 's a bit harder each playthrough ... 
  a side effect from karma , everybody wants it . 
  amd wont simply dissappear because they still hold some valuable pattents . 
  i never understood how people have patience and time to ask for help on reddit and wait for answers when it could be solved in 10 seconds with a simple google search ... 
  elemental fury, 
  simply because paired with dual wield it is just extreme badass and you basically melt through dragons . 
  but fallout nv was not made by bethesda so it was a 7 year difference, 
   i was thinking today about how long i 've played skyrim ( four and half years ), 
  your math is fucked up , skyrim was released like 3 years and 7 months ago . 
  if you 're hoping for 2016 or even 2017 then you 're looking at it wrong and will be dissapointed . 
  from oblivion to fallout 3 it took 2 years , from fallout 3 to skyrim it took 3 and from skyrim to fallout 4 it took 4 years . 
  so as we expect games now take longer to make than back then especially es6 because of massive popularity of skyrim so everybody has high hopes which means bethesda needs to make sure the game is good so we 're looking at waiting like ~ 4 or maybe even 5 years who knows but definitely not at 2016 or 17, 
  i think it 's pretty much aesthetics because late in game the damage is n't significant and perks are useless . 
  crit for swords : it does additional damage based on weapons * base * damage which is very low . 
  bleed : you kill enemies fast enough so the bleed does not have time to kick in . 
  armor ignore for maces : a lot of enemies have instead high health and very low armor, 
  * what manner of sissyness is this ? 
  those gloves are n't from the set tho, 
  * still no news from aleswell since everybody vanished *, 
  sneak ... 
  i 'm pretty sure he is because he mentions several events that happened during oblivion - severed head ( matthieu bellamont from dark brotherhood mother 's head ) , a fox ( gray fox ) , butterflies ( intro to shivering isles ) and some more . 
  i never seen somebody mention about the mottierre family . 
  if you talk to babette before going to volunruud she says `` that 's a powerful breton family firmly established in cyrodiil , most interesting '' that is because in oblivion you also do a contract for another mottierre called fran\u00e7ois ( ? ), 
  that really depends on your build and if you use stuff like enchanting and/or alchemy . 
  some ways of playing are more effective than others . 
  ah that greentext is legendary, 
  how 's the x220 ? 
  i heard that speakers and touchpad are the worst parts , but what really bothers me is the 12.5 '' inch screen not sure if it is good for university stuff coming from a 15.6 '' laptop . 
  do n't feel bad , that pc is miles ahead of consoles and you can still enjoy gaming , and the cost-quality is n't proportional so if you wanted high end performance you would pay way more than having a medium-decent experience but pay much less . 
  if you treat hear good , she 'll make you rich . 
  try to rip her off and the whole guild will fuck you up . 
  weird because some parts are high res while others are not . 
  legendary edition is -66 % so you definitely should grab it right now . 
  if i had to work with say adobe software i 'd definitely would go for os x rather than windows simply because it is unix and i do n't really play games anymore . 
  i honestly have no idea what you people been doing with your arch installs , it has never broken for me yet and i do - syu whenever i want . 
   i 'm thinking i 'm going to be switching back to ubuntu here tonight . 
  you 're doing the right thing , find what works for you and stick with it . 
  do n't forget to add, 
  ` xfontsel ` for fonts for x only, 
  if you need xft fonts then use ` gtk2fontsel ` or use ` fc-list ` and pipe it into ` grep ` like so :, 
  just wanted to share an easter egg , and i agree that the ### progress bar is easier to read but when i 'm updating i do n't really pay much attention to it . 
  one thing i do n't understand , in oblivion shadowmere is called a female and it 's implied that it 's the same horse in skyrim but gets treated as a male ... 
  added to sidebar ( :,
