  x with an 's ' suffix have ulv processors though . 
  so when are you modding that baby with a t61 motherboard ? 
  dude , those are x series laptops . 
  any pre-puberty kid can easily carry it around and not be bothered by the weight . 
  you 'll need a 14 '' 4:3 t61, 
  more info here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m74otzqd2y, 
  why are you still using abp in 2010 - ( e ^ i\u03c0 * ln ( e ^ 6 ) ? 
  and a lot of them do n't deserve to be labeled as thinkpad, 
  what 's up with the name change though ? 
  it was hd 3000\u00a04000\u00a04600 etc. . . and now 540 ? 
   so last week i get back with my ex whom i broke up with over a year ago and later that night i 'm fingering her in bed, 
  why you kids do this ? 
  lying on the internet to random strangers, 
  fuck off to / r/tifu where you can read and post your `` tifu by fucking my girlfriend 's hot milf mom anally with my big 12 incher cock and now she 's mad at me because she also found out that i fucked her best friend which btw is a model '', 
  there 's no reason for guides like these . 
  the beginner 's guide will - always - be the best choice . 
  also `` linustechtips '' ... 
  the handbook is amazing . 
  i really like how it 's written , at each step they give you a basic understandable explanation of what you 're about to do so you 're not mindlessly typing in commands without knowing what they do . 
  on / pol / an indian was replying to an aussie shitposter defending his country and in defense that india smells like shit he said that it 's only on `` designated shitting streets '' and basically ruined his country rep forever . 
  [ here 's a screencap of the thread ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oumlejx.png ), 
  edit : [ more bantz ] ( http://img.ifcdn.com/images/d481e749de7137acc7f8e0eed3136fc7049710c9fa9691e3f7efabc0c1526e32_1.jpg ), 
  install it and see for yourself how it works on your machine ... it 's like 3 command to have it working . 
  my case the battery is roughly equivalent to windows and sometimes even better , unless i 'm watching videos or something since in linux hardware decoding is either crappier or non existent , power usage goes up a bit . 
  from the guide :, 
  unless the deal is excellent , avoid :, 
  these are cost-cut versions of thinkpads which are thicker , are made of lower quality plastics and are less durable . 
  terrible hinges on the edge series especially , some edges have electrical shorting issues . 
   [ no sandy bridge ] ( http://ci.memecdn.com/926/8452926.jpg ), 
  why t420s ? 
  it has shittier battery life and costs more than the standard t420 . 
  also there has n't been much improvement in cpu performance so sandy bridge is fine . 
   l series, 
  you fucked up . 
  real thinkpads are only x t and w/p, 
  their pavilion line is crap , just like dell 's inspiron , acer 's aspire , toshiba 's satellite , lenovo g series , etc. . . 
  all consumer `` media '' lines targeted at the average joe . 
  are your other accounts banned ? 
  why do you want to change username ? 
  what is he doing wrong ? 
  banned for having a different opinion than the reddit hivemind ? 
  and do n't even get me started on factions , such disappointment . 
  skyrim 's faction questlines are probably the lowest point in the game . 
  but it 's still a very fun game that i played just as much as oblivion . 
  also there are so many quality mods that straight up improve the game at no cost so it feels brand new . 
  and for that reason is why i miss it so much . 
  all other apps make their own ui but rif just puts raw reddit on mobile . 
  what 's up with the diagonal menu ? 
  i never understood what for, 
  i do n't like the orange icon, 
  if you have a good pc then graphic mods are a must , vanilla game is full of low res textures and generally not pretty graphics . 
  then it 's up to you what you want to change/add into your game . 
  for me i like changing little things that i do n't like that end up making a huge difference . 
  some people like totally new areas and questlines , others like complete gameplay overhauls , others new armors and weapons , some are not satisfied with magic and want more spells etc. . . 
  it 's up to you want you want to do with your game . 
  there are many youtube videos and just searching for top skyrim/oblivion mods will show you amazing ones that you 'll probably like, 
  but linux is not unix , it 's a unix clone , written from scratch . 
  it can never get an unix cert, 
  to get unix cert you not only need a lot of money , you also need proof that your os is directly descendant from the original unix . 
  apple has both . 
  can somebody explain me why unix split into `` mixed source '' to the left and commercial unix system iii , iv v etc. . . proprietary to the right . 
  used/refurbished business laptops . 
  lenovo/ibm thinkpads , hp elitebooks , dell latitudes . 
  build like tanks , cheap , easy to repair , many parts available , a lot of info on every model , trackpoint ( if you like it ) , [ water proof keyboard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldmcmmvia8a ) , good linux compability . 
  handbook is a godsend , whoever wrote that needs a fucking award . 
  before doing anything you get a really casual , not complicated and chilled intro into what you 're about to do , what are the options , differences between them and some trivial technical info . 
  seriously , reading the handbook is a pleasure, 
   very good work amd on bringing out the driver update for this game on time , they need to keep this up . 
  amd needs some game ready \u2122 drivers marketing, 
  i do n't really understand why they made the new amdgpu instead of integrating into randeonsi or fglrx . 
  modern gaming is a scam . 
  not worth it in my opinion . 
  i feel sorry for the future generation that has to deal with all this bullshit . 
  he was just born too early . 
  majority of users do not give a flying shit of a fuck as long as their facebook and twitter apps are working . 
  create an iso from your retail cd and then mount it as virtual cd . 
   tfw stallman will die in your lifetime, 
  [ check out my epic mod ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/oblivion/mods/45002/ ? ), 
  ( just kidding , it 's just a simple change ), 
  l = ** l ** inux, 
  do you seriously need to look at the keyboard when typing ? 
  backlighted keys do n't have that texture on them which means they will get shinny , sweaty and messy faster than non-backlight ones . 
  backlighted keys are a shitty gimmick that only muh gaymen laptop kiddies are attracted to, 
  do n't know what kind of thinklight you have but mine works really nicely and sometimes i found myself purposely with lights turned off because i liked it that much . 
  1 led on top does the job better than 1 led per key . 
  it also lights up your surroundings in case you need to read a paper or something, 
   i 'm happy i spent the extra cash on this . 
  i bet you also bough the latest and greatest ( tm ) lelnovo chinkpad because you need that latest low voltage skylake for serious work, 
  i understood that . 
  and mine was a shitty attempt too, 
   i hear t460s has mediocre battery life, 
  that is true to ( all ? ), 
  t series with an s suffix . 
  makes me wonder why people keep buying them . 
  i was n't sure that 's why i put ( all ? ) . 
  i read it from the / g/uide, 
   t series models with an 's ' suffix ( eg . 
  t410s ) means they 're slimmer than the regular t series laptops but unlike the x series , they have worse battery life compared to the regular t laptops . 
  they also usually cost more than a regular t series . 
  i guess it applies to older models then , and the t460s ?
