  this , you 're simply required to follow some well written instructions ... 
  17 year old ninkamoomoo98 , why would you bother wasting time with a reddit post if all your questions can be answered by the first search result on google ? 
  yep , that sucks for debian because it supports free software but still does n't get fsf approval because they have a non-free repo option , same thing with fedora too . 
  l series ... 
  you should be choosing between x t and w, 
  fyi debian has 3 branches : stable , testing and unstable, 
  ok so it 's gnome 3 and a kali wallpaper i do n't get it, 
  well loose some weight and cut the neckbeard and you 'll look like the 1st dude, 
  parabola is just arch rmsified, 
  it 's yours to justify why you have not installed it yet . 
   antergos, 
  takes away a signature thing from arch, 
  just got mine too yesterday, 
  made a long journey to me, 
  try not to die before the gate opens, 
  i like to carry around 1 type of alcohol bottle and keep every skooma bottle . 
  not an alcoholic irl though ... 
  pcmr gone to shit around maybe 300k subs so lmr still has a long way to go ( :, 
  [ serious ] blind people of rediit ... 
  top comment : upvoted for visibility xd, 
  every time, 
  yep there 's a lot of wasted talent there, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i have an x220 for like 5 days and damn how could i live without a trackpoint all this time ? 
  html and css are kinda easy to get into so making your own custom startpage is n't very hard . 
  also / r/startpages, 
  if you do n't want to install grub-customizer then you can simply edit the grub.cfg, 
  use grub-customizer for a graphical interface or directly edit ` / boot/grub/grub . cfg `, 
  i 'd say directx, 
  they say syndicates of wizards have led a boycott of imperial goods , in the land of the altmer, 
  you 'll eventually grow out of games, 
  why do you use gaming gear ? 
  it 's only acceptable if you 're under 18 , just get normal looking peripherals and you 'll be fine . 
  not the act of gaming itself but all the `` epik gaymur pro 9001 elitexmaster precisionx ultimate gaming gear '' is retarded, 
  once again , i 'm referring to the `` epik gaymur pro elite precision qwikscope 9000 mouse '' and other retarded stuff, 
  i approve high quality hardware but my problem with it is all the buzzwords and cringy names they use to lure kids to buy their `` epik gaymur ultra quicksc0p3 pr0 h4x faze edition '' gear instead of a high quality but more `` classy '' simple design . 
  yeah i just did n't clearly express myself in the original post . 
  your keyboard is sexy and classy . 
  i tried openbox on my first distro ( crunchbang ) and it was nice , but probably because it was pre-configured , xml sounds bullshit . 
  then i tried i3 and it was alright , i call it the ubuntu of tiling wms, 
  2nd distro was arch and i tried bspwm , it 's very simple `` minimal '' and nice tiling wm and configuration is n't hard . 
  log into windows and from there delete all linux related partitions, 
  use a windows recovery cd or if it 's a laptop use the recovery tool to get into it ( you need to get access to a command line ), 
  once you opened up the command prompt , fix the master boot record and bootloader with these commands ` bootrec.exe / fixboot ` and ` bootrec.exe / fixmbr `, 
  i also defend os x vs windows . 
  the biggest reason i see the mac hate is because pcmr is into heavy gaming and most of their gaymes are n't available to macs . 
  also cost/performance since they know a bit about hardware they say stuff like `` omg a $ 2000 computer with a shitty i5 , macs are so overpriced with that money i could build a much better pc that would perform 3x better '' . 
  however os x as an os by itself is much better than windows, 
  you do n't have 10 euros or dollars for a usb flash drive ? 
  we do not hate bsd ( berkeley software distribution ), 
  story time :, 
  in the 70s unix was an os that was sold in source code form , which in the early days allowed people to compile the os on their own hardware ( hardware was not standardized ) . 
  the university of california , berkeley had bought a copy , and heavily modified the source code , renaming it ` berkeley software distribution ' ( bsd ) . 
  bsd unix then tried to release its source code for free , so that anyone could use it for any purpose . 
  while bsd and canonical ` unix ' fought over whether that was legal , linux was written from scratch as a unix clone . 
  it was then released as free software in a similar manner . 
  however , since linux did not actually contain any official unix code , it did n't have to go through legal crap . 
  as a result , linux became popular , and bsd fell into obscurity . 
  later bsd split into several project ( freebsd , netbsd , openbsd and others ) and are being developed until now, 
  for the same reason why coca-cola has a secret recipe that few people in the world know . 
  if tech companies all had open-source drivers it would reveal a lot of secrets and possibly some `` dirty code '' too . 
  if you only have xorg it 's default xinit is set to run the a basic wm called twm which looks something [ like this ] ( http://linux.vbird.org/linux_basic/0590xwindow//xwin_test_4.gif ) . 
  this of course assuming you have the twm itself , xterm and xclock packages installed ( twm opens by default a few terminals and xclock on the right ) . 
  i have no idea what happens if you do n't have twm installed and run something though . 
  by that question i assume you never installed arch since everyone who installs it almost always opens a twm session , you should try it sometime ( :, 
  hah i remember that experience . 
  for some reason i could only startx as root so i was on firefox searching for a fix and figured out i needed to copy a sample xinitrc to my home folder . 
  fun times , i recommend you all to do it, 
   do you think i should just choose intel processor instead, 
  you 're confusing cpu with gpu . 
  amd processor is completely fine for linux , it is the proprietary amd graphic card drivers which are a bit on the bad side . 
  would be funny if antivirus companies started to consider windows 10 as malware, 
  hey just letting you know that you were shadowbanned by reddit ( not us mods ), 
  you 'll need to message reddit admins asking why you 're shadownbanned, 
  the first thing you should is post the error output to google and not make a thread in reddit and wait till others google it for you . 
  i always like to search for alternatives to something popular , in this case was the windows os . 
  this is n't skyrim , daggers still have 6x multiplier just like longswords . 
  there are mods that change this though , one that i can remember is stealth overhaul redux, 
  why not ? 
  it 's a great game . 
  it 's running away from directx, 
  well i guess so but i do n't do it to be different from others , i do it to have a wider spectrum rather than being focused on just one alternative . 
  thanks for reminding me to unsub from the channel, 
   antergos, 
  windows update is just a massive hunk of shit . 
  one thing that really kills me is that it does n't show any actual progress , it just freezes and unfreezes randomly . 
  oh hello there , your post has 0 points because of the following reasons :, 
  thank you and have a nice day, 
  what the hell ? 
   downside of doing everything manually, 
  i think you 're missing the point of arch, 
  once again i think you fail to understand the point of arch . 
   without much hassle, 
  except it actually is n't any hassle . 
  one of the goals of arch is to remove ( to a certain extent ) the layer of abstraction between the user and what 's happening in lower levels closer to the machine by a do-it-yourself approach . 
  by using antergos this big part of arch is removed, 
  what stops you from using arch after installing it ? 
  apart from directx 12 being a win10 exclusive , the newest version of windows is best supported and optimized for the newest titles . 
  nothing . 
  however you wo n't have really installed the arch way and when problems appear you go post on reddit , / g / , bbs `` pls halp me install my mouse does n't werk '' because you have n't learned how to follow instructions and google shit,
