  yellowstar t_t, 
  hah i had the same reaction back then and now . 
  `` omfg what the fuck was that '' while grabbing head, 
  power management and all that is n't as good as in windows . 
  for normal people the desktop pc is pretty much dead . 
  normal people have a laptop and they 're starting to use it less because of smartphones and tablets . 
  i wanted to start out with a distro without any de and crunchbang was a nice mix of pre-configuration and advanced options . 
  / g / - random/technology, 
  i3 has no gaps by default and developers refuse to include that option . 
  you should also read up the difference between i.e. 
  and e.g. 
  what ? 
  what kind of little girl are you ? 
  you 're all hilarious , getting all mad when i passively told op to read up on i.e. 
  vs e.g. 
  and he actually learned something . 
  maybe you should read up on it too, 
  funny how other people are getting mad for no reason and you 're cool with it . 
  i get the joke but since op changed it to e.g. 
  he was not trying to make it a joke . 
  you 're all making a big deal out of this , just let it go . 
  everyone but op is butthurt about this . 
  oh really ? 
  i did a `` passive-aggresive '' comment directed towards op and he replied to me and he 's cool with it . 
  you all on the other hand are getting butthurt by something that does not even concern you . 
  which further proves my point . 
  you keep getting butthurt by this . 
  i once thought that / r/adviceanimals was only good on front page but now it seems that only way is to unsubscribe . 
  not worth going through so much trash for that one slowly becoming rare good post, 
  i miss moscow five, 
  gosu pepper, 
  tahm is disgusting . 
  you may land an epic flash + hook/cocoon/whatever and with one button he negates all that and even gets a speed boost . 
  same thing with doublelift , i really liked the dude ever since i first heard about him in ~ ~ season 1 ~ ~ early season 2 but ... tsm ... just no . 
  i hate it when people say that arch is hard . 
  all you need is the ability to read and a 3 digit iq . 
  the wiki and aur are unmatched though , , ,, 
  you forgot that in these high number of subscribers subreddits , a lot of people like to make up stories for karma . 
  check out subs like / r/quityourbullshit and / r/thathappened to see what i 'm talking about . 
  you talked about one misconception of arch ( it being `` lightweight '' ) and i threw in my two cents about another misconception ? ... 
  edit : i just saw that your account is 1 month old and a lot of times on reddit people `` reply '' to some comment but not actually with the intention of literally replying but to add up some similar story/opinion, 
  looks like a grown man but still an nvidiot ... 
  the fact that it is full of 15 year old nvidiots is not enough for you ? 
   just installed a bunch of mods, 
  this is like 99 % guaranteed headache , unless you know what you 're doing . 
  why would be want to convince you ? 
  just use whatever you like and do n't post stupid shit like this . 
  why the -- prefer-ffmpeg flag ? 
  why you 're mentioning mbr if you have a gpt system ? 
  my biggest disappointment in skyrim were the factions , so bad , especially college of winterhold and the companions . 
   the other comment about this song was posted after mine , yet has more points . 
  people like you are the cancer of reddit . 
  why do you give a fuck about internet points ? 
  the fact that you bothered to edit your comment clearly shows that you do you dumb kid, 
  one indian anon replied to an aussie shitposter and ruined his country forever, 
  it 's no surprise since it is a great machine . 
  my only problem with it is the 16:9 screen and less status leds than in the previous x201, 
  holy shit , why this 768p trend does n't die already ? 
  even phones have been 1080p for years now ... 
  why ? 
  what is exactly the problem here ? 
  you first say that you can enter uefi settings and in the next paragraph you say you ca n't . 
  you installed refind and then ran the ` bootctl ` command which installs a different bootloader ( previously known as gummiboot , but now it is part of systemd ) . 
  i 'd suggest you drop refind and use systemd-boot ( the one that is installed with ` bootctl ` since arch uses systemd and it will play along nice with the rest of the system ), 
  are you dual booting with windows ? 
  apparently windows has the utility to change that behavior and maybe if you do it there then it will carry on to linux , worth trying . 
  you do not need efficient leveling to enjoy the game , so difficulty slider is okay . 
  however some people just like being perfectionists and challenge oblivion 's backward ass retarded leveling system and go with efficient leveling . 
  or if you happen to be on pc you can use [ all +5 attributes modifiers ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/oblivion/mods/2691/ ? ), 
  to get good bonuses while just enjoying the game . 
  use of nmm is discouraged here . 
  whenever someone posts a problem here the first advice given is to drop nmm because it is likely to be the problem, 
  casters do not speak against riot under any circumstances it gets ridiculous . 
  remember msi 2015 fnc vs skt sejuani bug ? 
  they 're `` uhh . . yeah . . uhh sejuani caught '', 
  40 series thinkpads has fucked up trackpoint buttons . 
  at least lenovo acknowledged and fixed it . 
  the item that gave back then the ability to 100-0 combo on a lot of champions that were not built traditionally with ap but had good ap ratios on their abilities ( rengar , yi , hecarim , sion , etc. . . ) . 
  also the 100 % of your ap on lich bane was a big boost too . 
  what have you tried to do to solve it ? 
   i distinctly remember the bulldozer debacle . 
  that and the `` overclocker 's dream '', 
  come on man , your questions are answered in the beginner 's guide and the dual booting with windows wiki page ... 
  it does , it 's called rpmfusion . 
   rpmfusion is not part of the fedora project itself, 
  debian says the same about their non-free repos, 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  i tried searching about it but could n't find any comparisons . 
  could you give any examples ? 
  my guess is that rpmfusion being maintained by random people not related to fedora and hosted on different servers while debian non-free has them hosted on the same server and simply separates them . 
  his account is 12 days old, 
  my breaking point was a story similar to this :, 
  tifu by having sex with a girl 's mother . 
  so yeah i was casually fucking a girl from my class and we almost had a relationship and one day i met a milf at a bar and ended up fucking in her house and her daughter walked on us and now she 's mad at me please help me reddit . 
  comments were like `` wow so badass should have fucked them both ! '', 
  just fucking pure 14 year old fantasies and other kiddies upvote the shit out of it . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  other kids, 
  do n't forget the $ 100 from the principal, 
  that ones are even worse , making fun of serious shit,
