  i 've tried finding a spot on answer but i ca n't get one . 
  kernel is the most low level part of the operating system which communicates directly with the hardware and allocates its resources , in our case we all use the linux kernel which ( luckily ) is still maintained by linus torvalds . 
  examples of other kernels are windows nt ( for windows ) and xnu ( for osx ), 
  the shell is basically what you use when you load up the terminal emulator . 
  there are various shells ( bash , zsh , csh , fish ) and the default one is ` bash ` ( bourne again shell ) based on the original ` sh ` written by steven bourne for the original unix, 
  if you want to get a bit more technical you should know that to manage multiple user sessions on a single machine , linux ( and unix ) uses what is called a teletypewriter ( tty , which does n't make sense today because we no longer use typewriters ) for each user to interface with the main kernel . 
  each tty is handled by its own special device file , located in the directory / dev, 
  you may be wondering what the difference between shell and tty is . 
  shell is the command interpreter that runs everything you type in , and tty is the connection that handles the data between linux ( the kernel ) and the shell . 
  most of the source i used is [ here ] ( https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/gnu/linux ) and it is a nice read i recommend it . 
  ( but beware because it contains some 4chan / g / culture ), 
   not cloning the git repo and compiling yourself, 
  enjoy your outdated kernels you plebs, 
  what happened to them ? 
  i have n't played lol ever since end of season 3, 
  very sad , the best team in eu hands down . 
  i know russian and i watched a game where i could hear them talking and they 're chill as fuck and hilarious, 
  you 're right , there 's / r/linux _ gaming for that, 
  so i guess this is continuation of the opensolaris project that was discontinued when oracle bought sun in 2010 ? 
   it 's a copy/paste fest, 
  as if arch was n't a handholding copy/paste fest too . 
  you of course copy the commands you see in the guide , but at the same time you try to understand why you 're doing it and thus you start learning about the system, 
   next natural step , for me atleast , is bsd or unix, 
  what kind of unix ? 
  i use a weakness to all magic effects 100 % in a 10 ft area and then cast a mixture of all 3 spell type damages in a 10 ft area . 
  normal difficulty is one hitting everything so i had to slide it up . 
  the 10 ft is crucial because i could deal with even 4-5 enemies provided that they were in the 10 ft area . 
  it is the difference between casting one rotation of weakness + spell combo and killing all 4 or casting the rotation 4 times . 
  bsd is unix though, 
  and no i will not laugh at openindiana . 
  but all these os have limited hardware and software support so they will be much shittier to use as a main desktop os, 
  my favorite . 
  all 10,000 days song simply kick ass and i think that some of the best adam 's guitar work is here . 
  just letting you know that for some reason you were shadowbanned ( not by us mods , but by reddit admins ) so you 'll need to contact them about your ban . 
  your post was caught in the spam filter because reddit does not allow url shorteners . 
  post the normal link next time, 
  yeah and once you discover the area effect , even the minimum 10 ft is more than enough , the damage does n't split so with one combo you kill an entire group where you would otherwise do 4-5 combos for each enemy, 
  it holds 10 ^ 5000 combinations . 
  for a reference there are 10 ^ 80 ** atoms ** in the observable universe, 
  i do n't see much appreciation towards bottom . 
  amazing song with amazing breakdowns and screams, 
  not only pacstrap but also genfstab and arch-chroot, 
  antergos is just arch with a fancy installer and an extra repository for wallpapers , themes and stuff like yaourt so that you do n't need to compile manually . 
  manjaro on the other hand is an arch-based distro which tries to be its own thing , has some utilities for drivers and as you said has their own repos which essentially are delayed arch to make sure they 're stable . 
  i must ask this . 
  so what do you code ? 
  what plugins do you use to imitate ide behavior in vim such as auto indentation and for example when you write a quotation mark it automatically adds a second one and puts the cursor in the middle . 
  why not using an ide with vi keybinds ? 
  vim is just a text editor . 
  just try them out yourself . 
  no one knows better what is the best setup for you than yourself . 
  some people like feature rich environments like kde , others like the # 000000 wallpaper and minimalist \u2122 obscure-hardcore-no-one-has-ever-heard-ofwm with zero bloat guaranteed . 
  it is really up to personal preference, 
  when they started with the moar cores meme and intel focused on ipc, 
  me too , but it was bad decision by them and it seems now that finally now with zen they 're focusing on single core performance . 
  also something similar happened to their gcn which only willl start to pay off with dx12 where devs have much lower level access to the hardware . 
  amd just ahead of its time, 
  have a thinkpad x220 for university ( that 's college for you burgerland ) and i fucking love it . 
  does removing chromeos screw up the drivers ? 
  some guy said that everything was working out of the box but he was on crouton and not pure linux . 
  more like seizure simulator, 
   log in, 
   sign up, 
  no ty, 
   ugly, 
  why do you call `` retro '' ugly ? 
  if you like it then it is not ugly, 
  for example i think [ this laptop ] ( http://img.hexus.net/v2/internationalevents/cebit_hannover_2006/ibm/x60b.jpg ) is fucking gorgeous ( dat 4:3 , dat ibm logo , dat status leds ) and to other people who for example like thin macbooks it might be hideous . 
  another example is [ this keyboard ] ( http://iichan.hk/s/src/1355938735862.jpg ) is beautiful for me while others might consider it ugly . 
  do n't use the term `` ugly '' to reference retro because they 're still beautiful to some demographic . 
  how can a tiling wm be ugly ? 
  it can look the same as a stacking one , it just had different functionality, 
  worst top na, 
  not everybody uses the us english keyboard you know that ? 
  literally the ubuntu of tiling wms, 
  this man knows his shit . 
  i also once though that arch was all about choice , until i learned more and realized that arch is simply instead of using the gui ( for example in install process ) you just type in commands that do the same thing as if would press a button in a gui . 
  arch just gives you a false sense of `` minimalness '' `` bare bones '' and `` manual '' while in reality it is far from those . 
  not saying that i dislike arch , but the minimal do it yourself thing is far from true especially after it switching to systemd . 
  think about ubuntu , it is all about user friendliness and easy for beginners . 
  i3 is the same thing but among tiling wms, 
  yes the arguments and minimalness and do it yourself can be done in any distro pretty much . 
  the real benefits of arch are pacman and the aur, 
  why would you add a `` lubuntu '' flair which in reality is the lxde icon ? 
  but for many people that is a good thing , it makes pacman straightforward and easy to use . 
  did n't he hold 3 accounts on 1st , 2nd and 3rd place solo q ? 
  he was bigfatjiji which means big fat dick in chinese or something and he was required to change it so he put lp which also means dick in another language, 
   it did n't really get much attention there , but got lots of upboats over here . 
  its because you 're a plebbitor :\\ ^ ), 
  tool - schism in the background, 
  you submission was caught in the spam filter because you posted with an url shortener . 
  reddit does not allow url shorteners ( tinyurl , bit.ly , etc. . . ) so use a direct link next time, 
  thank you and have a nice day, 
  well one refreshing thing for me when i came back from skyrim was being able to play a mage using two-handed or a bow since in skyrim the spells get treated as ` weapons ' so you must put your bow or two handed weapon out to use spells and it was a very clunky experience , while in oblivion the spells are a separate thing so you can wield any weapon you want and it does n't interfere with your weapon . 
  do n't forget elemental fury shout, 
  that 's because you just end up going the easy way instead of challenging yourself to keep playing whatever role you chose in the 1st place . 
  stealth archer is the easiest most secure way to play . 
  i do n't get it, 
  got ta give this opportunity for a shout out to / u/the _ penis_wizard who recovered the sub at / r/redditrequest when it had mods inactive . 
  unfortunately i think he was banned for some reason , he created 2 more accounts but those were banned too i think , i have no idea why ( might be related to him being a / r/fatpeoplehate mod ) .
