  yeah he also put her underwear on and posted pics , some anon sent it to his sister, 
   t. i swallow whatever bullshit msm comes up with, 
  roxey inn , north of imperial city . 
   mountains of evidence already, 
  not really , you 're just being indoctrinated by / r/politics for too long , where every week this is it boyz impeachment time this time he 's stumped i swear . 
  try stepping outside the echochamber for once . 
  that is not `` mountains of evidence '', 
   there are no girls on the internet, 
  this one does not mean what you think it means, 
  there was no united states of america back then, 
  you 're the same group of idiots that told me that trump wo n't run seriously , never will get the nomination or possibly win an election . 
  how about you finally shut the fuck up for once ? 
   he has n't divested from his businesses . 
  this is actually illegal , as well as a lie . 
  wrong . 
  he could have legally run his business and presidency at the same time , but he chooses not to . 
  really ? 
  i recently started listening to httt and i find myself constantly hitting the replay button for i will , only wish it had an extended version . 
   but it 's distracting from the overall vibe, 
  1st radiohead days i used to only like electrioneering and optimistic however now i understand that they are good songs but ruin the vibe for the rest of the album . 
  just like how i found a lot of `` good '' music ( for a 12 year old ) when i used to watch shitty gta drift and stunt montages . 
   however , there is little point in that page , as there basically only two main versions of the keyboard layout - the old one and the new one . 
  before opening the thread i thought he was talking about different manufacturers , that would be more useful, 
  undertow is different yes , but it 's still good . 
  ca n't say the same for radiohead 's pablo honey for example . 
  honestly i 'd take macos just because of the terminal . 
   ( and have another downvote :d ), 
   i dont agree with you so downvote :d, 
  downvote is not a disagree button you fucking turd, 
  that 's also not what the report button is for . 
  downvote and report are not `` shut it down delete this '' buttons , people may disagree with you and that is totally fine you aware of different opinions ? 
  if you really have the 1600x1200 ips screen then it 's definitely worth it to put a t61 mobo inside there . 
  with that you can use a better penryn cpu , max 8 gb ram which is enough and unlock sata 2 speeds with a bios flash . 
  it 's my dream machine and the closest to a real ^ ^ tm thinkpad ^ ^ tm that 's still usable . 
  did you really ban somebody for calling you a drama queen ? 
   what sort of system are you running where you 're so resource starved that this matters ? 
  the issue is not the system , but i do n't like to support slow and inefficient web browsers that edit text . 
  i feel like there 's some sort of conspiracy going on where they purposely spread out good features between their lines so that none of them stands out more than the others . 
  for example , t series have crappy screens , x1cs have nice screens but less ports and modularity . 
  so if you want to have extra ports and able to swap stuff lenovo punishes you with a crappy dim 60 % srgb screen but if you want a better one they take away your ports and solder your components . 
  i agree , does n't look professional . 
  you said you owned quite a few thinkpads but only listed the x1 yoga . 
  what were the other ones ? 
  oh you 're right i was thinking about previous gen ( * 60 ) which generally were bad . 
  why i had to scroll this down for the multiplayer ? 
  sp was fun and all that but it was just the tip of the iceberg . 
  seriously , if you only player sp you missed the major experience the game has to offer, 
  real jk2/jka experience was the multiplayer , you 'd get slaughtered in mp if your only experience was sp . 
  i could write essays on how fucking good the mp community was . 
  the ja + saber-only `` muh rules '' clans with their ranks and all that , the full force/lugormod/base elitists and trolls ... 
  that non-shinny spacebar so good, 
  of course , the process is different depending on your distro . 
  generally it 's something like settings  keyboard  shortcuts  new shortcut, 
  i have mine to open a new terminal but i 'm thinking on changing to guake , the drop-down terminal , either way it 's super useful . 
  unless you 're a 1,50 m 40kg girl then that should n't matter . 
  when did you buy it ? 
  after 08/08 that nvidia defect was fixed, 
  both laptops are crappy versions . 
  if you 're getting a t430 find a 900p one and if you 're getting anything newer then please get at least 1080p, 
  hehe so true dumb dumbpft supporters we redditors are the smart ones !, 
  reality has a liberal bias amirite ? 
  stolen with shame, 
   authoritarian western neoliberalism is built in the image of dualist myths of yesteryear . 
  in order for something bad to happen , there must be someone bad behind it . 
  they define their virtue and position as morally upright starting from the axiom that their opposition is fundamentally evil and their enemy 's followers are too stupid to realize it . 
  likewise , they see themselves as holy crusaders , and their cause as an infallible and incorruptible just god that always necessarily wins out over the forces of evil . 
  the idea that a large constituency of fundamentally rational people could disagree with this and triumph over them without the help of some greater satan is inconceivable to them . 
  therefore they must reconcile reality with their theistic political beliefs by finding some greater satan and elevating it to the level of their god for a short while to play out the dualistic drama again . 
  if real events do n't follow the plot arc that they 've become accustomed to then they must extend the arc , and treat the events as a minor part of a much longer narrative , or otherwise admit that their god may not be infallible , and they themselves may be wrong . 
  does it really makes a difference ? 
  [ ] { } ( ) ; and : are in the same place only difference are the double quotes '' '', 
  it 's not like it 's almost a 5 and a half year newer game and all that ... 
  what 's with the love of airplanes ? 
  is that your field ? 
  jesus freddie you do n't need to copy paste a full page of specs ... 
  i think it 's only the color . 
  the one which says sold out is the black one . 
   openbsd, 
  battery life ? 
  trackpoint works ? 
  what de/wm you use ? 
  also , does openbsd have everything you need for whatever work you do ? 
  [ according to this ] ( http://forum.notebookreview.com/threads/thinkpad-keyboard-identification.634208/ ) the x220 keyboard parts listed [ here ] ( https://pcsupport.lenovo.com/pt/en/solutions/pd013449 ) the manufacturers go from left to right --  nmb , alps , chicony, 
  you can also identify them by looking at the color below the keys . 
  * nmb - red, 
  * alps - white, 
  * chicony - gray, 
  well the x62 ended up being a disappointment so i 'm a bit skeptical towards this . 
  those colors i mentioned are only for the enlarged esc and delete 7-row family of keyboards . 
  i ca n't really remember since i read some google translated german reviews months ago . 
  the build quality of components is questionable and there are always some minor issues and you 're dependent on 51nb for bios updates and stuff . 
  that bar at the bottom looks terrible thought and it is too big for our already gimped vertical space, 
   1 vote for init 0 which is mine, 
  plebs, 
  you cared enough to take seriously and reply to an obvious joke post but whatever . 
  well he did comment on hillary 's illegally deleted emails but of course that did n't get much media coverage . 
  however how dares he say that he lives in a country that oppresses black people while he was adopted by white people after his dad left him . 
  what a hypocrite piece of shit . 
  fix your font rendering, 
  all of them , each quest feels handcrafted and unique .
