  that means zero in company taxes and zero in worker 's taxes that the state can no longer collect . 
   and it 's a thousand fucking jobs in a country of 323 million people . 
  once again . 
  he __ is not the president yet __ . 
  and you do n't need much brainpower to understand that things take time to happen . 
  it 's fucking disgusting how you 're against your president . 
  you may not like him but he 's working on his promises and already proved it without being in office yet . 
  you 're right i have no idea how i forgot about india manufacturing . 
  does not work anymore , the pc culture butchered that word these last years and it completely lost it 's meaning and is actually damaging to real cases of racism . 
  this is the perfect example of, 
  `` anti-trump take him literally but not seriously while trump supporters take him seriously , but not literally '' . 
  the video does not show the context why it was said and who was near her , it was meant to be as a compliment , a little awkward depending on the context ** which we are missing ** but still a compliment . 
  he is not _ literally _ going to date a 10 year old for fucks sake . 
  walking on backstage just because of being owner is shit behavior i agree . 
  we already discussed it . 
  they dropped charges as soon as clinton lost . 
  definitely not tried to fulfill some political agenda . 
  had no idea, 
   you know i 'm automatically attracted to beautiful -- i just start kissing them . 
  it 's like a magnet . 
  just kiss . 
  i do n't even wait . 
  why are you taking this literally ? 
  nobody goes around kissing women randomly for fucks sake . 
  just like that instance where trump said `` get the baby out ! '', 
  jokingly at a rally and msm of course made it as if he hated babies . 
  look . 
  i 'm not saying that trump did not have trouble and probably many times over step due to him being rich and powerful but this is not the pope people are electing . 
  wanting america great again is racist ? 
   1k jobs in indianapolis is nothing ,, 
  ~ 1k jobs  0 jobs, 
   because they are funded by indiana tax payers for the profit of carrier, 
  of course they are . 
  where are you pulling this from ? 
   she sells speeches . 
  nobody gets paid so much to speak , those are bribes from her corporate friends, 
  god why am i arguing about this vile corrupt hag . 
   and it 's not a compliment, 
  it __ is __ a compliment . 
  he 's implying the girl is good looking . 
  i 've heard shit like that all my life . 
   well i am not so quick to dismiss the stories of that many women, 
  they dismissed their own stories so i 'm not sure what you 're doing here . 
  look we 're at a stalemate here , but i ca n't really expect to dispel 1 year of msm propaganda that trump is literally a sexual predator in a few reddit comments . 
   it 's a shit compliment then . 
  and it 's fucking creepy . 
  in your opinion , and in mine too depending on the context which we are missing . 
   not they did n't , they dropped the charges it 's not the same at all . 
  nobody 's buying their bullshit which is why all of them dropped , why would you ? 
  what 's important is that they 're all gone and nobody thinks about them now except us two, 
  if you think trump is the ` next hitler ' then you might be watching some fake news ... 
  you 're not feeling , it 's actually happening . 
  reddit in general is a neoliberal echochamber . 
  they still did n't understand that you simply ca n't cuck the tuck . 
  but x220 has displayport and x230 a mini displayport ... 
   than putting goldman sachs in the administration, 
  he is ex-goldman sachs . 
  he worked with trump during both primaries and general election . 
  do i need to remind you how much ( less ) trump spent per delegate/ev ? 
  and of course that is the _ only _ reason . 
  fuck his actual team , did n't do nothing all year amirite ? 
  you guys never learn , had a documented team of literally paid shills with a company , 6 million budget and all that yet we are the ones with russian bots . 
  pathetic . 
  time to grow up and take responsibility for your actions, 
   do n't forget the time he called for the assassination of clinton, 
  ok now this is just complete bullshit and you ca n't back it up . 
  ( i 'm not going to reply to everybody because of your ` tolerance ' of different opinions i can only post in 10 minute windows so it would take an eternity ) . 
  and how exactly is that an implication to assassinate clinton ? 
  he is implying that second amendment people can go against the government which i think is one of the point of pro-guns people ( i 'm not a pro-guns myself ), 
  this is why you 're always so `` shocked '' about the election results . 
  you get a completely wrong interpretation of nearly anything that trump says . 
  there are people right now in this sub that believe that trump is literally hitler , will round up all gays and blacks in concentration camps , will deport all immigrants and some how is a white supremacist . 
  stop with the fearmongering for fucks sake . 
  and how exactly do you hack _ missing _ emails ? 
  find missing emails ! = hacking, 
  analogy time . 
   `` russia , if you 're listening , i hope you 're able to find the 30,000 cars that are missing . '', 
  and you 're implying that it 's an invitation to steal those cars . 
  they went missing , they could be anywhere , they are compromised . 
  hillary 's team supposedly used bleachbit to get rid of them and destroyed blackberries and ipads with hammers . 
  they are not in a legitimate property anymore . 
  mods deleted it , not me . 
  sure they do n't . 
  my point is data got compromised and is not safely behind us servers , you ca n't `` hack '' missing shit . 
  how dare trump did n't just accept the 4 billion plane . 
  shame on him for wanting a better deal !, 
   but they 're still going to be in my house, 
  not true , might be anywhere and not necessarily in your house . 
   they would not have lawful access too, 
  implying, 
  and you have no idea where the data was , is and will be . 
  which why they 're `` missing '' , makes absolute sense . 
  that 's the 104 key ansi us layout . 
  you probably use an european one which is 105 key iso ( enter key is vertical , trades one key at top for one on the left and there 's an extra key near the left shift ) . 
  do you think it 's always winning at business ? 
  he had over 500 successful ones . 
  next time think before you talk something you know nothing about, 
   trump is n't smart, 
  just shut the fuck up already with this `` i 'm better than you '' shitty arrogant attitude . 
  the man has accomplished more than you ever will and dumb people do not run a successful business for decades .
