  nice to see you again , as always with your insightful comments . 
  it also should be licensed under gfdl, 
  but you do n't have enough vertical space and need to scroll much more . 
  that kittenwar website though , i can not make a decision because i immediately feel sorry for the other kitten . 
  i know default ubuntu font rendering is good but i do n't recall it being * that * good . 
  that being said , did you do any tweaking ? 
  who was talking about 800x600 screens ? 
  who said about 15 to 20 years ? 
  been a while since i last messed with flairs but should n't be too hard . 
  i think i 'll do it this weekend . 
  app reviews generally are cancer . 
  i feel sorry for the developers that have to deal with crap reviews `` dis didnt work on my chinkphone octakek indian version shit app 1 star very bad ! '', 
  do you have h264 hardware decoding ? 
  you can check in about : support, 
  where ? 
  all tablets are ips displays . 
  it makes sense , since you 're doing all kind of flipover shit you need an ips screen with good viewing angles . 
   os x 10.11.4 on all the thinkpad # 20 series . 
  any resources that you used that i could read about that topic ? 
  and from your experience , how well os x performs , it 's battery life , etc. . ? 
  thanks . 
  i was trying to do without the dash but i guess it is needs that dash . 
  also i needed to add ! important to all ` background-position ` because for some reason i ca n't use ` background-image ` and it the ` background ` itself overwrites other options . 
  new flairs live !, 
  i always liked this game 's art and my favorite are classes, 
  too bad you only get to see it once at the class selection menu . 
  not sure if the unofficial patch fixes it or if you have it installed but umbra has a bug that makes her level never go past 15 , so when you have a fair amount of level advantage she becomes quite easy to kill . 
  / u/bobcrosswise delivering as always . 
  my only problem with `` using tools that the game offers '' is that you 'll end up being an all around character . 
  if i wanted to say , role-play as a dumb warrior , using sneak attacks and brewing potions would not suit the character . 
   actually i bought a copy of microsoft windows 10 home 64 bit system builder oem | pc disc from amazon, 
  why would you do this ? 
  and is stuff like h264 decoding on youtube supported ? 
  why not just use reddit 's wiki ? 
  what 's wrong with album mixing ? 
  one thing i did n't like was lipan into rosetta stoned , basically filler into filler, 
  daily reminder that uesp is a godlike resources to everything oblivion related . 
  they 're basically trying to repeat the hd 4870, 
  definitely one of my big wtf moments . 
  i was maybe a 10 or 11 year old kid and my reaction was, 
   [ i 'm no murderer !!!!, 
  ] ( http://new2.fjcdn.com/pictures/angry+feels+some+speeding+asshole+ran+over+my+cat+today_58163f_5507890.jpg ), 
  and then proceeded to kill lachance ( in retrospect , it was quite hypocritical ) , which later ended up being my favorite character in oblivion . 
  to preface this i have to say i skipped the whole distros part because at the moment i do n't have time to watch whole video . 
  you threw around a few terms incorrectly which sort of `` compromises '' your presentation in my opinion . 
  you also do not seem familiar with the whole gnu and fsf work . 
  * you called the gnu os as `` hurd '' , which is only the kernel 's name, 
  * gpl does not stand for gnu public license, 
  * you said that rms is a big figure in ~ ~ linux ~ ~ gnu/linux and open-source , while he said himself that he does not like open-source, 
  * the kernel analogy was kinda crappy, 
  i think you got the wrong number . 
  in part lookup it shows as x220 part list but you said you got an x1 carbon . 
  why not, 
  welcome ~ / ? 
   solved i am a moron, 
  arch in a nutshell, 
  they removed it because it was shitty spaghetti code , you can still get it as an extension . 
  what ? 
  i 've been using gtk 3 with firefox since maybe version 44 , 45 for sure . 
  i miss temple of temerity . 
  it was such a relaxing dungeon . 
  have n't played tera since a bit after 65 patch . 
   i do n't listen to music, 
  thinkpad x60 and macbook 2,1 i believe only require a few terminal commands and you 're done . 
  definitely not something you 'd run on your main machine . 
  but i 'd like to have either an x60 or macbook 2,1 ( they 're the easiest to flash libreboot ) lying around with a fsf approved distro just for fun . 
  that 's more of a skyrim disease . 
  what happened to him ? 
  i left pcmr for quite a while now . 
  as do we all eventually, 
  stallman is just butthurd that his gnu os never took off and that was all his fault when he decided to use mach as a base for hurd . 
   rationalize it to themselves as some hatred against new people because that sounds better to their ego . 
  i sort of agree with this . 
  a very common scenario is somebody asks a question which pretty much translates to, 
   please spoonfeed me , give me commands so i can copy paste them, 
  gets told to fuck off and then proceeds to cry, 
   linux community is so dogshit i hate elitists who think they 're superior than everybody else poor me all i wanted is some help fuck linux you all suck anyway, 
  these kind of people are the same ones that say `` it does n't work '' , `` it broke itself '' and when confronted by an error message their brain automatically blurs the letters and they just close it as fast as they can . 
   viruses and stuff, 
  whoa , we 're not in 2005 anymore ... 
   i think 16:9 is better than 16:10 . 
  it gives more room for doing things side by side . 
  you 're not very bright are you ? 
  if they have the same width then how in the world is one 16 bigger than the other 16 ? 
  $ current_year + 1, 
   msft gives you a lifetime lease on their software ( you do n't own it since it belongs to msft ), 
  wow , this is creepy, 
   integrated graphics just do n't run oblivion , or any other 3d games , very well . 
  this is just wrong . 
  new integrated gpus are pretty damn good and better than older dedicated cards . 
   integrated graphics are horrible for 3d games , regardless of age, 
  they 're not . 
  new igpus are more than enough for older games . 
  despite having an integrated graphics card , oblivion is a 10 year old game and your igpu is a 4th gen i-series so it is more than enough for it . 
  if you want a cost-cut version of a thinkpad then yes . 
  did you even read the sidebar and guides people have written ? 
  they are ( mostly , if you ignore / v / idiots and gaymer faggots ) smart people just pretending to be dumb . 
  while on reddit is mostly dumb people pretending to be smart, 
  i 've read that his charity work is a way to pay back all the shit microsoft has done in the early days . 
  i 'm young and my first computer had xp sp3 on it but i 've read from other people how microsoft basically killed every small business through some dirty tactics so it could have monopoly on everything ( ex : netscape navigator ) .
