  no smartass . 
  all this change will do is increase the number of points of every post , how can this silence trump supporters ? 
  also ctr went to shit once clinton lost , good riddance . 
   different opinion, 
   toxic waste, 
  if you and everybody keep dismissing every trump supporter as a racist sexist misogynistic etc. . and their opinion as `` toxic waste '' then i 'm afraid you 're looking at 2 terms easily . 
  what happened to actually debating and getting your point across ? 
  [ here 's a liberal explaing why trump happened ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glg9g7bcjks ), 
  do you realize that t_d has rules all over the place ( sidebar , under comment box , popups , etc. . ) reminding you that you should post only if you support trump and questions should go into / r/ask _ thedonald ? 
  it 's no different than getting banned on / r/playstation if you keep posting anti-playstation and xbox stuff . 
  reddit has this in their faq , i quote, 
   reddit does not discriminate among candidates or differing political viewpoints in any way, 
  but they clearly do , and are being called out on it . 
  okay so 316k people 's opinion is `` toxic waste '' . 
  good luck with that mindset , that is exactly how you persuade and debate people . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the ever increasing number will surely vote against trump next election because you labeled their opinion as `` toxic waste '' . 
   they donated to her charity, 
  i already said it once and i 'm saying again . 
  it 's illegal for foreign nations to influence us politics , so they ca n't send her money directly , which is why it goes through the foundation . 
   there should n't need to be a separate subreddit for that . 
  organization . 
  it 's no different than / r/linux having a separate / r/linuxquestions . 
  once again you prove you ca n't even think 2 steps forward . 
   but even if it was a good deal , it 's 1000 jobs . 
  1000 jobs saved --  carrier invests money in america instead of mexico --  abandon factory in mexico --  more jobs in america --  more taxes being paid in america --  workers spend money in america --  no leeching of unemployment benefits, 
  come on man , use your brainpower to think about the future implications . 
  what 's better , paying less tax or no tax ? 
   that 's statistically nothing . 
  he has n't done shit yet . 
  2 things you need to know, 
  he is n't even president yet , he picked up the phone and talked as an american to an american . 
  if he did n't save those 1000 jobs , they 'd all move eventually and that leaves the us with 0 tax getting paid . 
  he saved jobs that obama implied he needed a magic wand to do so , but he just did . 
  and the magic wand apparently was a phone . 
  obama such disappointment , but he fist bumps janitors and did the * hilarious * `` obama out '' so it 's okay . 
   we live in a global world now . 
  does not mean that the us must continue getting ripped off because `` muh globalism '' . 
  renegotiating trade deals is one of trump 's priorities , because right now they 're a one way road of jobs and money to other countries . 
   specifically about that company `` happy with less taxes so invests money in america '' . 
  but carrier did just that and abandoned their factory in mexico . 
  it worked . 
  1000 people are happy and having a nice christmas , also other workers who might not had their jobs shipped now , but possibly in a year or two . 
  they also announced they 're investing millions in america , possibly creating more jobs . 
  success . 
  and why are you giving the india example ? 
  i know pajeets take it jobs but not manufacturing , we 're talking about manufacturing jobs . 
  the ones obama implied you need a magic wand to bring back . 
   i 'm talking about women at social gatherings , in work situations , other various situations , etc. 
  and it 's not ridiculous at all , it 's very consistent with the kind of people who do that . 
  you seem to know a lot about trump 's personal life . 
  you 're saying that in social gatherings that you never seen or been trump is walking around grabbing women as he pleases ... come on . 
   the kind of weirdo who tells young teenagers he 'll be dating them in a couple years ( which trump has multiple times ) . 
  you 're making shit up now , does not help your argument . 
   without permission . 
  # `` let him '', 
  you still did n't get it, 
   no , at first you said they let him , then you tried to change the conversation to be about what he does with women he 's involved with and his lovers . 
  i did n't try to change i tried to use synonyms , let me rephrase then . 
  `` why do you so much about trump and women he involves himself with ? 
   when thousands of people are messaging you telling you that you rape children and or sympathize with child rapists , how is that criticism ? 
  yeah . 
  shut it the fuck down . 
  shut it down reeeeeeeeeeeeee !, 
  pathetic . 
  do you think that shit comes out of nowhere ? 
  sure they exaggerate but spez made it personal mission to go against t_d and they 're giving it back . 
  they discovered he moderated / r/cannibalism and go bat shit on him while he reeeeeeeeeeeee shut it down you hurting me . 
  be a better ceo . 
   just saying i saw it several times from t_d , never from ets . 
  just because you do n't see it does not mean it does n't happen . 
  t_d is a much united community than ets so obviously they are much more effective at spreading the message . 
  he was a business man for fucks sake , it was his job to get along with everybody and sell whatever he has to sell . 
  that `` charity '' is under fbi investigation . 
  the vile corrupt woman is worth ~ 40 million yet does not sell any product or has any sort of business . 
  do i need to tell you what can politicians do in exchange for money or you can figure out by yourself ? 
   obama is an american . 
  so ... what was your point ? 
  my point is while obama was being all smug saying trump will need a magic wand to bring jobs back , trump just picked up the phone and made it happen . 
   guess who 's going to pay more taxes to make up for that . 
  who 's gon na pay more taxes to make up for the whole fucking company to eventually leave to mexico and thousands of unemployment benefits who would otherwise be paying taxes if kept working and not leeching of the government . 
   g-go read a book, 
  that 's not the point . 
  point is subreddits have rules , and they 're states in numerous places . 
  why are you condemning a sub for enforcing it 's rules ? 
  once again returning to keep it simple . 
  you have the impression trump is some sexual predator and i do n't . 
  how we get out of this one , nor i or you know trump personally . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i just showed an example . 
  these people are all over `` literally shaking '' because they think trump will start rounding up minorities in concentration camps and will start ww3 because he now has the power to use military when somebody offends him on twitter . 
  the video you linked has a 5 second clip out of nowhere and it 's not clear to who he said that and not even what they were talking about . 
  the same thing happened with the `` mocking a disabled reporter '' . 
   the things you 're giving donald a pass for . 
  except the things you think he 's doing might not be true at all . 
  i imagine more him coming into a social event and being a playboy and having an easy time with picking up women because of his position . 
  you seem to think he 's a sexual predator that goes around forcing himself upon women . 
  which one is true ? 
  we 'll never know by talking on reddit . 
   it 's crap, 
  would it be better if all jobs went to mexico eventually ?
