  sorry to break it to you but that is just how reddit works . 
  if your opinion does not closely resemble the general consensus then you 're branded as a troll . 
  not true . 
  obse always worked fine for me . 
  source : used to be a pirate, 
   quest and level up sound removal, 
   quest message popup removal, 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  that magical * ding * you hear when quest is updated is what i missed in skyrim not to mention the dull and boring entries that did n't even feel like a real journal when compared to oblivion . 
  [ removed ], 
  mods of / r/pcmasterrace are fucking disgusting , there 's even a guy there has a creator flair because he hit the `` create your own subreddit '' button . 
  it 's sad how these people are like `` oh , this should be funny ! '', 
  and the proceed to make up the whole thing , take a picture , post on reddit and keep spamming f5 while watching their karma count rise and inbox fill with replies, 
  it 's because a mac ca n't play the latest aaa scam full of microtransactions , day 1 dlc and half season passes epik gaymes . 
  imgur was created by a redditor , for reddit but god knows why it now apparently has it 's own community . 
  how in the world an image hosting site gets in own community ? 
  also / r/ignorantimgur, 
   redditor since 2016-04-01 ( 2 months and 26 days ), 
  \\  tries to greentext on reddit, 
  \\  still manages to fuck it up, 
  do n't tell me they 're recycling one of wonderholme 's bosses which was recycled from crucible of flames . 
  * brawler seems what you 're looking for, 
  * just pick whichever you like more, 
  * it 's more `` pay to speed up your progression '', 
  * not sure , i 'd say pve edges out a bit . 
  but do n't worry , i was a big pvp fan and hated pve in all mmos i played but in tera the pve is quite enjoyable due to action combat . 
  * only reaper spawns in another area, 
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shpmz-zgyru . 
  my favorite quote from the video , `` it 's not that the combat is particularly deep or difficult to master , it 's simply that the combat feels - fucking awesome '', 
  * i 'd personally remove some of it 's korean grindfest and make it more western, 
  you first need to have vim installed ... 
  according to http://en.uesp.net/wiki/oblivion:magical_effects#reflect_vs._absorb_vs._resist, 
   if two or more effects are active , there can be interesting consequences . 
  reflect spell will always be counted above the other two , so those with the atronach birthsign will have to be especially cautious using this . 
   spell absorption is counted after reflect spell , and if you have less than 100 % reflect and it fails , spell absorption kicks in . 
  it still trumps resist magic , however , so if you have no resistances or 100 % resistances , it wo n't matter . 
   resist magic is taken into account last . 
  so what happens in practice is you get hit by a spell , you take no damage but have a 75 % chance to reflect it at your attacker . 
  the hero tera needed , but brawler video was better because of all those screenshots of assblasted brawlers, 
  with great power ... 
  my first video of louis was the thinkpad rant . 
  back then he had like 13k subs and now he 's 160k . 
  his channel fucking exploded he got like 80k subs in the last 30 days only, 
  is your attention span really that short ? 
   44g mes, 
  holy shit, 
  hey , did n't you invite me to your guild a few days ago in killian ? 
   elleon 's mark of valor, 
  * removed all kinds of mes, 
  how is this good ? 
  where i 'm supposed to get mes now ? 
  also only 2 ghilles, 
  for slaughter gear i find them appropriate , x1 mes ix for 6 marks . 
  where should i be getting then ? 
  still did n't answer my question , where are you supposed to get mes now ? 
  i have slaughter armor , boots and gloves at +9 and i need a lot of mes because my luck is shit . 
  dude i 'm playing on sandy bridge ( 2011 processor ) hd 3000 integrated graphics and manage to complete dungeons like dfnm , kdhm , finm , tsnm not big of a deal, 
  there 's undershade , shadecore and shadetop . 
  which one you 're talking about ? 
  yeah it 's not enough , but according to patch notes the requirement will be reduced to 402 tomorrow . 
  i was never the type of guy in mmos that would go for the big axe wielding badass class , i probably would n't pick it in tera either . 
  i was also a bit skeptical towards the controversial elin race at first , since i do n't like anime and any of that kawaii desu senpai stuff . 
  but then i saw in-game how funny and ridiculous elin + berserker is because little girl + huge axe , come on ... a berserker should be a big 2 meter tall , muscular alpha male badass with a huge axe and you take it all away and replace with a 12 year old girl with the same axe which is twice her since , the result is hilarious . 
  it was a 12k straw hat . 
  a close second was 4 or 5 carving niveots for 11,5 k accidentally , and the worst is that it was a few pages in so it was for like 2,3 k each while they 're sold now at 1,8 k. 
   there is a lot of people that ca n't see these lasers in nm and not even bhs know the reason, 
  shit i though i was the only one . 
  i just go the left and watch when others dodge so i can time my dodge based on theirs . 
  what the fuck ? 
  my dailies give me 280 ( ? ), 
  gold and 20 tokens ... 
  just letting you know you were shadowbanned by reddit admins ( not us ) so you should sort it out with them or else your comments need to be manually approved by mods . 
  i 've read somewhere that they had material for like 8 seasons but after andy 's death they just could n't make it . 
  just try messaging the reddit admins about your shadowban, 
  why your skill bar only has like ... 7 or 8 skills ? 
  you should shown the ragdoll , the other 2 videos got it perfect . 
  i was always attached to jauffre and baurus a bit so i made sure they 'd stay alive during the final battle . 
  are your jewelry perfectly rolled ? 
  what inner do you have ? 
  brooch ? 
  oh my fucking god this one 's very good, 
  you need to replace cd reduction with `` increased damage by 6 % '', 
  can i double click an image and view it with 7zip ? 
  this sub is easily the most retarded with downvotes i 've ever browsed . 
  everything is wrong with it . 
  some dude sent them a fake picture of a pcb telling it 's the new graphics card or something and they immediately made it into an article . 
  they live off clickbaity titles, 
  it 's in the lenovo thinkvantage fingerprint software, 
   however , i like to win duels, 
  you sound like a 13 year old kid that cries whenever he is n't on the winning side, 
   furthermore , the stamina system 's original intentions for its development was to allow party members to gather at the campfire during breaks in between combat so that they can socialize and make an active community , but it seems that all these have been lost due to stamina regenerations such as using panaceas . 
  this is what i loved about it when i was leveling back then when there were no avatar weapons and bams needed a party to kill them . 
  the campfire chill was very / comfy / and it was doing it 's job , many times the bam respawned and we still were chatting near the campfire . 
  it was like a relic to the old times where mmos were much more sociable than now, 
  no fucking idea why you 're downvoted . 
  op himself said that he did n't even play the game yet, 
  what happened to 30 % all time enrage on hard mode dungeons ? 
  it 's really stupid how other people get `` offended for op '' while op himself is not offended in any way . 
  i said it earlier but this sub is easily the most retarded with downvotes i 've ever browsed . 
  did you ever play the game before avatar weapons ?
