  nobody is expecting a detailed politics/economy/military explanations during rallies . 
  his narcissistic personally does not make him unqualified . 
  your link is dead . 
  please resubmit . 
  first appearance of oculus was during rift 's edge ( vm3 ) patch as the 1st unenchantable entry-level gear . 
  rift 's edge was the last `` new content '' patch before level 65 . 
  for rift 's edge add oculus ( the unenchanted entry gear ) before patron . 
  pvp sets were called opportune --  favored --  advantaged . 
  also you could get a vm3 .5 weapon . 
  edit : oh and during ninja patch you had an entry unenchantable set but everybody skipped that and went with dreadnaught which you should add . 
  he did not . 
  he just thanked them for bringing jobs into usa , nothing more . 
   they never tell the truth . 
  they are not interested in objective reality . 
  really ? 
  you 're the one that is perpetrating a lie of trump mocking a disabled person when , if you 'd known the full story , it 's perfectly clear that he did not . 
  but i 'm not even going to bother with that , i 'll try to keep it simple . 
  you know that the reporter 's arm is paralyzed ? 
  how is he mocking him if trump 's moving his arms around randomly ? 
  would n't it make sense if he wanted to mock his disability to place his arm in the same position as reporter 's and keep it fixed ? 
  you know that the reporter has his right hand paralyzed , right ? 
  it 's always in the same position . 
  would n't it make sense if trump wanted to mock him to simply put his right hand still instead of doing random motions with both hands ? 
  but the reporter is n't spastic . 
  if trump wanted to mock him he would keep his right hand still like ( unfortunately ) the reporter has . 
  the spastic trump motions is how he portraits people in uncomfortable situations , in this case was the reporter backtracking on his story . 
  he did the same for when mocking ted cruz . 
  it was never about the disability . 
   i really have trouble believing that you could watch that video and come away with the impression that he was not mocking a person for being disabled there . 
  reporter 's right arm is paralyzed , it 's always in the same position . 
  if trump really wanted to mock him , would n't it make more sense if he just copied his position ( keeping his right arm still ) instead of moving both of his hands randomly ? 
   it was just intended to be insulting, 
  intended to be insulting by how he embarrassingly backtracked on his story , not his disability . 
  it was never about the disability . 
  here 's a quick tl ; dr of the story, 
  trump says some arab americans were celebrating 9/11 in nj rooftops . 
  many news outlets start denying and washington post even makes an extensive ` fact-check ' claiming it 's all bullshit, 
  problem is they were surprised when it was a washington post reporter was the one that wrote the piece about arab americans were celebrating 9/11, 
  pretty embarrassing for them right ? 
  so they bring in the reporter to damage control the situation . 
  trump makes fun of his backtracking, 
  that 's it . 
  it was never about the disability . 
  nice argument . 
  you really care about the truth i see . 
  it was never about the disability . 
  trump was mocking the damage control the reporter was doing . 
  it all started when trump mentioned how some arab americans were celebrating 9/11 , of course media denied this and the washington post made an extensive ` fact checking ' that it 's all bullshit . 
  turns out that it was a washington post 's own journalist at that time ( the disabled reporter ) that wrote the piece about arabs celebrating 9/11 . 
  kinda embarrassing for them no ? 
  so they got him to do damage control and trump mocked that in one of his rallies . 
  because if you look at it , it 's a pretty hilarious situation when the post was calling trump a bullshitter yet the thing he was referencing was actually written by them . 
  once again , it was never about the disability . 
  he is n't taking credit , he is just thanking both chrysler and ford for investing in usa as you can see in the second tweet . 
  when i saw it for the first time i did think that he mocked his disability . 
  it 's not until a few months later when i looked at it again i realized what he was talking about and learned the full story . 
  once again , it 's about his backtracking/damage control of an article that he wrote , not his disability . 
  look if you really care about the truth try researching for yourself when you have time . 
  as i said earlier it took me months until i decided to pick up on the story . 
   he still did mock the guy, 
  true . 
   and his disbility, 
  not true . 
  he mocked his backtracking/damage control about an article that he wrote in 2001 . 
  if he really did want to mock him , he 'd copy his paralyzed right hand . 
  please point out the part where he is taking credit . 
   if this is the type of argument you need to resort to defend trump , what the hell . 
  not the only one . 
  that one with the other instances where trump does the same wiggly arms thing when mocking people when they 're asked questions and get uncomfortable . 
  [ here 's a compilation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csab3ynizh4 ) . 
  ( pay attention to the regulators one , although briefly , he puts his right arm exactly like the reporter ) . 
  a reasonable person comes to this conclusion :, 
  trump did the wiggly arms thing several times, 
  they were all because he was mocking somebody in an uncomfortable situation, 
  therefore the reason for the wiggly arms is mocking of an uncomfortable position , not the disability . 
  i know that this is reddit , especially / r/politics , but if you really care about the truth try ditching this toxic anti-trump mentality and looking at it reasonably . 
  it 's hard i known i myself took a few months to realize . 
  yes it 'll mean you might start to argue with your liberal frieds and they call you racist and other things because how dare you defend trump you obviously are a monster like him but at least you know the truth . 
   trump is still mocking the disabled by his obvious gestures, 
  he did the same for ted cruz , i do n't remember anyone saying `` oh look here 's trump mocking the disabled again '' and less lengthy to other people who are not disabled . 
  [ here 's a compilation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csab3ynizh4 ) . 
  pay attention to the first one ( about regulators ) he actually puts his hand exactly like the reporter and this was 1 month before . 
   also , he lied and said he did n't even know the reporter , why lie if you were n't doing anything wrong ? 
  is n't it reasonable that trump could n't remember being with a reporter __ almost 30 years ago __ ? 
  he met with probably hundreds of reporters in these decades that he 's been famous . 
  i said it earlier to another comment but i also ( obviously ) thought at first that trump was indeed mocking a disabled person . 
  not until a few months later i decided to check on the story and found out, 
  trump did similar gestures [ compilation here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csab3ynizh4 ) when mocking an exact same situation - being uncomfortable by a question or something . 
  ( bankers uncomfortable by regulators , general uncomfortable by isis , cruz uncomfortable about waterboarding and reporter uncomfortable about his 2001 story ) . 
  if this was an isolated incident , i agree that it 's very hard to defend it . 
  however he did this type of stuff both before and after , a critical person connects the dots which are : trump does wiggly arms expression when mocking uncomfortable situations , not disability . 
  hopefully you follow your own advice and realize how dishonestly the media distorted this story , as they did many times to trump , which is what got me to check this story again because i kept noticing how demonizing they were to him . 
  what you 're ignoring is that trump did n't know who the guy was and claimed he never met him . 
  now i know what you 're thinking . 
  liar liar liar he met him . 
  and you 're right , but ... 
  trump , a famous person for decades who met with thousands of people , is n't it a bit reasonable that he could n't remember a reporter from what , 1989 ? 
  that 's almost __ 30 years ago __ . 
  private companies can do whatever the hell they want shitlord . 
  however they must bake cakes for that gay couple .
