  he 's using antergos which is an even bigger pleb tier . 
   fixed it, 
  i do n't think you know what that word means . 
   t series models with an 's ' suffix ( eg . 
  t410s ) means they 're slimmer than the regular t series laptops but unlike the x series , they have worse battery life compared to the regular t laptops . 
  they also usually cost more than a regular t series . 
  why would anybody buy a t with an 's ' suffix ? 
   no more sexy ibm logo, 
  backlit keyboards get nasty and shinny over time because it does n't have that texture that non backlit ones have . 
  yet this subreddit is full of the new * 60 series for some reason . 
  why ? 
  also how can the new processors be slow when compared to models from 5 years ago ? 
  is it the full vs low voltage thing ? 
  do you seriously think a cheat sheet for installing arch is a good idea ? 
   do you want me to make a topic every week how my x220 still works as well as it did the last 200 weeks ? 
  haha . 
  i like you . 
  me too . 
  that 's why my next project is going to be the [ frankedpad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvcopj6ilya ) , a t60 chassis with the glorious affs/flexview screen and with t61 internals . 
  of course not . 
  while i get the idea of this kind of cheat sheets , they do more harm than good . 
  there are many different systems and each one has always some quirk and different way of doing things . 
  the beginner 's guide explains all those differences and you can always read more about whatever part of the installation the person is on . 
  you 'll know much more about what you 're doing this way instead of just blindly typing in commands . 
  taught me that when something is not working properly , it is 99 % my fault . 
  elitist is just a lazy way to defend your stupidity . 
  personally i take elitists as a way to git gud and not cry for muh cyberbullying like a little faggot . 
  it makes sense , if you 're being told to fuck off and rtfm then it means that you 're asking a stupid question and those ` bad elitists ' actually care about you , then do n't want to spoonfeed you , then want you to find then answer by yourself and thus improve your troubleshooting skills . 
  elitist are a blessing if you 're not a little bitch that gets offended when not immediately spoonfed . 
   [ waaah what do i type into the command line to fix my problem ???!!!, 
  ] ( https://www.stayathomemum.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/tantrum.jpg ), 
  we all here prefer pretty much anything over 16:9 but it is simply not possible if you want newer hardware . 
  the latest 16:10 is the one you 've used already , so i do n't think you want to purchase the same laptop again . 
  i 'd say follow his advice and get either t430 or x230 . 
  they 're literally the best prince/performance at the moment . 
  it performs well even when compared to newest low voltage broadwells and skylakes . 
  also since you like the sturdiness of these machines you 'll like the * 30 because later series just keep abandoning the old classic thinkpad traits in favor of muh thinness and other gimmicks . 
  why people keep buying the t with an 's ' suffix ? 
  the guide says :, 
   t series models with an 's ' suffix ( eg . 
  t410s ) means they 're slimmer than the regular t series laptops but unlike the x series , they have worse battery life compared to the regular t laptops . 
  they also usually cost more than a regular t series . 
  plus i think they also use different sizes and such which makes them harder to repair than regular t. 
  split the heavens with the sound of his name !, 
  thinkpads are actually beautiful laptops , to a different demographic . 
  yeah , what 's up with that ? 
  i 'm not english and i use all my technology in english . 
  why go for shitty translations when you can have the real thing ? 
  my decisive point was when my win xp was all fucked up ( could n't open . exes in my desktop , and other crap ) because my account 's name was by default propriet\u00e1rio-de-hp which means `` hp owner '' and that '' \u00e1 '' basically fucked up with win xp and had double directories and double user folder essentially , it was a mess . 
   antergos, 
  you fucked up fam, 
  why you 're using grub for an uefi system ? 
  just use systemd-boot or refind . 
  is it oleh 's bios ? 
  dude is banned from bios-mods for some reason and i though you had to pay him for the mod, 
  yes . 
  lenovo sources keyboard from 4 or 5 different manufacturers at the moment . 
   i really like the idea of arch . 
  of having such a deep level of control over every little piece of the system , building everything , etc. 
  i think you chose the wrong distro . 
   `` it has never been a minimalist distribution . '', 
   `` it has also never been a distribution offering much user freedom /, 
  choice compared to gentoo and even debian . '', 
  arch is the * opposite * of a user-centric freedom . 
  the opinion of users, 
  has no weight here . 
  only the developers have an opinion , and there, 
  are n't voting systems as there are in debian . 
  technical decisions are, 
  made based on merit via consensus among the developers , not popularity . '', 
  these are all quotes from an arch developer himself . 
  source : https://lists.archlinux.org/pipermail/arch-general/2015-july/039443.html, 
  i rarely like tool songs when i first hear them ( rosetta stoned was no exception ) . 
  my progress is something like this, 
  do n't like it, 
  some time later start to listen to it randomly despite not liking it, 
  keep listening to it , have no idea why since supposedly i do n't like the song . 
  at one moment realize how awesome the song is and wonder what the fuck was wrong with me, 
  this happened to all my top favorite songs such as vicarious ( i used to think it was a very weak start for an album ) , third eye , rosetta stoned , pushit , the grudge , disposition + reflection , 10k days ... 
  i 'd argue that it 's useful idiot, 
  i just throw mine into my now 6 year old [ eastpak ] ( https://photos6.spartoo.pt/photos/231/231515/eastpak-padded-pak-r-24l-231515_350_a.jpg ) that i 've been using throughout school and now in university . 
  yep . 
  arch is definitely not minimal and that mail is a real eye opener for those who do not know linux and packaging in-depth . 
  arch 's keep it simple \u2122 is actually keep it simple ( for us the devs ), 
   if you want something done right , do it yourself, 
  how is this an improvement over coreutils ls ? 
  let me rephrase it . 
  what is the point to rewrite one tool from coreutils ? 
  intel announced that moore 's law is dead . 
  we should be fine . 
  who cares ? 
  you get judged by your code , if your code is shit then you 're shit , if not then it 's all fine . 
  simple as that . 
  bsd license is literally being a cuck . 
  but instead of your wife it 's your code . 
  use captcha v1 you fucking newfag, 
  i was n't a used electronics fan but for thinkpads i make an exception . 
  there 's no reason to buy the new `` thinkpads '' that do not even deserve to have that logo over a full voltage sandy/ivy bridge, 
  not sure about really old thinkpads but i 'm pretty sure between x60 and x230 are all full voltage . 
  ( except x3 ** which have ulvs ),
