  master 30-40, 
  veteran 40-50, 
  legendary 50 +, 
  so eanm does n't drop anything ? 
  1 question : when you restart the launcher does it start to download something and asks you to login right away ? 
  if yes , then you should wait until it 's done patching and login only after it 's done . 
  33 is nothing , so if you want to change then just make a new character . 
  i do n't know much about na but i do know that mt is the most populated server so that 's nice . 
  oh thanks for that link . 
  we can farm discovery in both brhm and eanm nice !, 
  what i do n't like about this patch is that drop rates for jewelry suck and you need alot of ambition tokens for the patron 2 compared to previous patch where you needed 12 ( ? ), 
  for weapon and on this you need 56 making them kinda useless because you 'll probably have the set and be already doing deva 2 runs . 
  just play whatever you feel like . 
  people play games for fun , so you should pick the class that is the most fun for you . 
  i just wanted some eye candy to boost my pve ego \\ ^ ^, 
  but i agree , a lot of people in tera set very high standards and it would hurt alot of new players . 
  oh a support main !, 
  back when i played league , support was a boring role and you felt like you 're not so important to the team and ca n't carry hard . 
  in tera playing a support is just as satisfactory as a dps because your raid members need you and get that sense of being important . 
  actually with the new 65 patch , priests get a blitzcrank-like grab on a teammate \\ ^ ^, 
  raze - swift is an uncommon ( green ) and you 're missing blazing , spirited and energetic . 
  tackle - once again carving is an uncommon ( green ) and missing spirited and fleetfoot . 
  unbreakable - energetic is an uncommon and missing lingering . 
  eu has a better list but does n't show the points needed and does n't say which ones are green ones , best just to log into every class . 
  this is why i do n't browse / v /, 
  me too o :, 
  \\ #bigdpsproblems, 
  xp boosts . 
  i only know about teraliths and that is where i got to 65 . 
  yep , i agree . 
  america seems so much more antisocial and nobody cares about anybody . 
  for example if somebody in the bus would gift a candy for an american kid , his parents would probably think it 's poisoned and call the cops/sue that person . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's more than europe , also some countries do 3 kisses and also between men too . 
  ooohhh , well played . 
  do n't pug into br please . 
  evasive smash . 
  if you want to go more mlg , you can try to time it so it 's overcharged to maximum so after dodging you do big dps . 
  do n't, 
  i 'm also wondering how to make money now . 
  i used to sell white and red badges from tot because it was for me a very relaxing chilled instance and i made around 650g per run for the badges and got some crystalbinds and mwas too . 
  got gilded 3 times , but only one was kinda clever comment . 
  the other two just got into a gilding train . 
  and console gaming is expensive from the beginning if you consider that most people have a console for gaming a crappy prebuilt bloated overpriced pc for all other stuff . 
  what makes me sad is that half life 3 will probably never live up to it 's hype : /, 
  asking again for fallout 3 goty, 
  congratz for all people getting gifted games !, 
  but duuuuuuuude it 's a mac !, 
  why do n't we remove the `` laptop '' and `` desktop '' and simply have it as `` pc master race '' ? 
  probably because your next avatar weapon is at level 50 , and when you 're 1 level behind to the next avatar you do kinda shit damage . 
  at level 56 you will get a skill called flurry of blows which increased attack and charging speeds so it will feel faster and at level 63 ( ? ), 
  you will get an upgrade to that skill which makes it even faster , also when you get good gear your attack speed will increase too . 
  oculus was the unenchantable starting set in last patch , on this patch the new unenchantable gear is called idoneal but people refer to it as oculus 2 . 
  vm is the same logic . 
  long time ago visionmaker ( vm ) was the best gear that you could have , next patch comes and the best gear is called nighforge but people call it vm2 , another patch comes and they call the best gear as vm3 and now this patch the best gear is called vm4 . 
  honestly i feel like block is way too inconsistent . 
  in br last boss he sometimes throws his disk to the side , i block and receive like 2k dmg but sometimes i get hit for 60k total , and this not the only case ... this kinda suck since if my block does n't work then how the duck will i survive ? 
  i basically play russian roulette everytime i use block , praying to the tera gods that it works . 
  sure i have esmash and shit but i 'm not a warrior ninja dodger . 
  you should tell what server you 're on . 
  last patch power was superior due to 2:1 ratio , but this patch they 're the same ( 3 power and 6 crit ) so it 's up to you really ... 
  this . 
  elo is simple and straightforward while league system is just an artificial fancy less effective version . 
  i recall it being 1.99 $, 
  no , fuck your retard warrior class, 
  i do n't understand this , going high end in all parts but the most important one which is the gpu ... 
  just wondering , steamos is a fork of which distro ? 
  ( on shitty mobile that will probably blow up if i open a browser ), 
  instead of calling it 2160p , they instead call it using the horizontal pixel count ( 3840 ) which rounded up becomes 4k . 
  same logic could be applied for 1080p = 2k, 
  gaming headset, 
  gaming mouse pad, 
  gaming chair, 
  gaming shirt, 
  gaming desk, 
  gaming glasses, 
  gaming water, 
  gaming underwear, 
  gaming fucking toilet, 
  yeah it really bothers me how almost everything can become `` gaming '' . 
  been playing since season 1 and have only 706 hours , and i though i spent too much time playing ... 
  ` portage ` even higher race, 
  so it 's just debian with gnome and steam pre-installed i guess ... 
  yeah , i know a lot of people think that if they have 30 mbps internet then they will download at 30 mb/s . 
  those matches vs team we were so awesome . 
  console limitation . 
  i sleep around 10-12 hours and only then i feel good to wake up , but even so i get a big surge of energy at around 7-8pm and anything before that i feel weird and kinda tired . 
  ~ ~ your link is broken . ~ ~, 
  works now . 
  they just want to get attention and respect . 
  you 're probably using some crappy antivirus . 
  do people still use antiviruses in 2015 ? 
  common sense 2015 is out , 100 % free for lifetime and uses 0 resources on your machine . 
  it 's not about gaming anymore , it 's about collecting games . 
  wow this is fucking unbelievable . 
  but do n't bother picking me for a card because flair ... 
  on my birthday \\ ^ ^, 
  i ca n't shitpost , but that 's what 4chan is for anyway ... 
  i really like phoenix . 
  not sure how common is it english speaking countries ... 
  this is one of those american jokes where you do n't know the celebreties names and do n't get it .
