  i tried alot of stuff . 
  but the one i spent most time was the sneaky archer assassin . 
  punchcat is the master race !, 
  too much lenghty ... 
  i tried it . 
  i 'd rather go in there an kill them all and be done with it . 
  if the mechanics of illusion atleast were more responsive and worked better then maybe i would keep playing that character . 
   but that does not mean we should force our glorious 1080p cock down their throat at 60fps . 
  that 's poetry right there !, 
  it gives you a steam key ? 
  gog is awesome . 
  because you do n't need any client to play games , which is very nice on offline games . 
  i have a question , i 'm trying to play as a spy but i need to buy better knifes and cloaks to be better . 
  but they cost money ? 
  is n't there any other alternative or i just have to buy them if i want to play a spy on par with everyone else ? 
  wow , that 's nice . 
  i sent you a friend request . 
  a year ago in my country the legal age to drink was 16 . 
  now 16 is only for beer and wine or whatever . 
  * he 's an argonian , less than a human and much less than a khajiit *, 
  punchcat would like to have a word with you . 
  please read the wiki, 
  says pc is expensive, 
  buys both consoles , pays for online subscription and buys every exclusive for $ 60 and also has a $ 2000 mac . 
  hey austin , this is guys !, 
  ftfy, 
  maybe you 're not much of a computers guy so you ca n't really appreciate what linux offers ... 
  $ 420 blaze it evryday fagget . 
  nice builds tho , you never fail to dissapoint me / u/dmz _ dragon, 
  reddit is fun master race, 
  this game has a loading screen for everything ( even menus take long as fuck ) and around 2/3 of the game there is a mission that is horribly optimized for keyboard users which makes it almost impossible and very frustrating . 
  honestly i had much more fun playing tfu on my ps2 which had no backhand saber style sexyness and other cool stuff , simply because it ran smooth unlike this version . 
  oh , congratz to all 3 then !, 
  you probably have somkind of disease affecting you . 
  you can, 
  drink a cure disease potion or use a cure disease spell, 
  if your fame is higher than infamy , an altar of the nine will also cure you, 
  linux is sexy . 
  / r/unixporn confirms it . 
  the pale lady thing also got me surprised . 
  open source, 
  you do n't really need a `` gaming '' pc to play oblivion , pc 's just a better experience even if you do n't plan on modding there 's always the unnoficial patches that help your game become more stable . 
  there 's always more and more options for you to choose from . 
  windows is like a normal car , you buy it and use it to ride around ca n't do much with it and if you need repairs you need pieces from the same brand . 
  linux is a self built garage car that gives no fucks , however with great powers comes great responsabilites so you need to watch out or else you 'll fuck it up . 
  what distro my fellow brother ? 
  ** gender : **, 
  male, 
  female, 
  other ... wait what ? 
  be careful , the ps3 goty edition has a serious glitch that makes it impossible to cure vampirism once you 're infected . 
  the bug is that a witch wo n't accept one of the ingredients that is needed for her to make the cure vampirism potion . 
  this only affects north american edition and the european has a workaround . 
  aurora never heard of it ... oh i see , gnome ... not my style . 
  i prefer no desktop environments and hacker-like desktops ( / r/unixporn ) . 
  but is n't it the beauty of linux that it manages to please every person 's unique preferences ? 
  the normal copy has no glitch , but you 'll be missing the greatest expansion ever . 
  unless you can then aquire it separately , i do n't know because i do n't own consoles . 
  but if you live in europe then you can buy it and when you need that quest then there 's a workaround so it 's okay . 
  that 's probably sexy as fuck !, 
  i do this all the time in portugal ... wtf ? 
  there are countries where you ca n't drink in public ? 
  just here to remember you of that 4 month old comment that got you gold and over 22k of sweet next-to-useless internet points . 
  wow this is the most funniest shit i 've ever read . 
  5 times gold and 22k points . 
  ca n't stop laughing here at 1 am, 
  ca n't have a fucking drink in public ... 
  when i was a kid , super mario 64 scared the fuck out of me when you go to the lower part of the castle and there was a boo stalking me . 
  as a random reddit user , i would say a fuckton . 
  but currently solar panels are very little efficient ( 15 % ? ), 
  so once someone makes them more efficient it will be needed a lesser fuckton . 
  also depends on how much of electricity whores are the neighbours . 
  they would probably place a mid tier gpu and overprice even more their overpriced products . 
  i did this when was 14 with my first real gf . 
  my older friends were already fucking and stuff so i also wanted to . 
  but i still was a dick . 
  my fucking crush to stop being such a little bitch, 
  pink vans . 
  wtf dude ? 
  where the fuck is your manhood ? 
  my dad uses crunchbang because he basically only browses the web and talks on skype . 
  plus it is very lightweight for his little eee laptop and it runs faster than ever . 
  a place to loose faith in humanity, 
  not speaking officially , but i think that anyone that acknowledges that linux is superior is welcome , even if they do n't use it . 
  sorry for not being very relevant but just wanted to spit this out . 
  as a level 49 mage . 
  i need to play on the hardest difficulty or else i one shot ^ almost everything with my 2 spell combo . 
  while melee combat takes ages of retarded swinging to kill one person . 
  it 's sad how unbalanced it is later in levels . 
  but there 's a mod that reduces everyone 's health ( including yours ) for faster combat . 
  but still mages are overpowered as fuck . 
  everything that the other classes do , mages can do it too but better . 
  link ? 
  poisons remain strong through the entire game . 
  with 100 alchemy and all pieces you can make an overpowered poison . 
  as for weapon enchantments and armor i think they are okay , just use sigil stones after level 17 because they 're the most powerful . 
  there 's no reason to not enchant items because enchanting is n't a skill like in skyrim . 
  oh and i 'm saying that the mage is op , but maybe in some part it is because i 'm playing by relying on a bug . 
  this bug is that you absorb your own telekinesis spell , i have atronach stone so i have 50 spell absorb + 50 from enchantments . 
  so whenever i cast telelekinesis i just get mana back .
