  smartasses everywhere . 
  +1 to the background merging with terminals and stuff . 
  it looks really neat like the terminals compose the background and you always have a dynamic one . 
  if by best you mean defense then go with perfect madness and enchant it with a transcendent sigil stone with chameleon effect . 
  just came into the sub ... and i came again . 
   can a pc replace your game console ? 
  it did since i 've got my first computer . 
  compared to what you can do in linux , it is . 
  have an upvote . 
  ^ ( inb4 downvotes ), 
   if we hit 200 % , we will have 1 week of peasantry free-only submissions !, 
   if we hit 250 % , we will have 2 weeks of peasantry free-only submissions !!!, 
  why we have the peasantry free filter then ? 
  i see her browsing / vg /, 
  reminds me of fallout 3 . 
  moment of silence for all the bytes lost on that day . 
  i would prefer bethesda to work on another tes game instead . 
  one of the most disappointing things in oblivion is how the big huge imperial city , is just a few npcs in each area and just really dull . 
  i do understand that it 's mostly technical limitations but i would like to see a real city in future tes games that would happen again in cyrodiil . 
  whatever you like ... 
  i truly do not understand this question , if you want to have fun then you must pick a class that is fun for you . 
  do n't want to be a dick but ... 
  from the sidebar :, 
   ** examples of posts that will get removed : **, 
   * screenshots of texts , facebook or other social networking sites ( jokes on facebook , 4chan images ), 
  that 's / b / my friend . 
  savage, 
  focused, 
  true . 
  you should also check out the poop bandit ( not related to skyrim though ... ) . 
  well it 's probably a bit harder because you still have a 38 weapon . 
  it is possible to solo ( there 's a video of 30ish archer sololing a level 50 bam ... ) but requires a bit more practice and can get frustrating . 
  i have no idea how you play since i 've never seen but have you been using traps and stuff ? 
   linux is a free operating system, 
  this makes me want to summon the wrath of richard stallman . 
  similar to my ex , but not extreme . 
  she basically had perfect life and future assured even if she drops school but she still said alot of shit like that . 
  win + r, 
  type in ` dxdiag `, 
  for that money : i5 and 970 and rest is personal preference . 
  wow !, 
  after a quick search at prices , the 980 is at ~ $ 530 . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's possible to have a 980 build for just a little bit over $ 1000 maybe $ 1100 . 
  wow op thanks alot !, 
  i got the vg0tp, 
  keep the hdd , you 'll need the extra space because i assume you wo n't be buying 1tb ssds . 
  and why do you need a new mobo ? 
  i 'd get a new mobo when upgrading cpu ... since it 's an outdated socket you would need to buy another mobo again for a new cpu . 
  holy fucking shit this is so awesome !, 
   after the holidays when i have more money to spend , what gpu should i upgrade to , to be able to play wow , skyrim , etc. 
  on high settings + ? 
  you need to tell us your budget so people recommend the best gpu for your money . 
  thing is , when you want to upgrade you cpu you will need to buy yet another mobo . 
  but i do n't know your financial status so do as you please . 
  but how did this happen ? 
  how were you selected ? 
  from the sidebar :, 
   reaction images are not allowed as submissions, 
  these are really low effort shitposts ... 
  why ? 
  ofcourse , keep spamming traps and everything you need to avoid getting hit . 
  do n't think so ... it 's older model but still quite powerful . 
  linux always looks good because you can make it look how you want ( / r/unixporn ) . 
  problem with linux is drivers and gaming ( though gaming is n't linux fault ) . 
  wtf is * ux ? 
  it 's * nix, 
  after ac2 , all other just dissapoint me alot . 
  and pretty much ubisoft in general dissapoints me , it used to be my favourite company in childhood ( prince of persia , old splinter cells ) and now it 's just total crap . 
  check the wiki about recommended mods for a bunch of cool mods . 
  are there people still using antiviruses in 2014 ? 
  just fyi , bethesda only published the evil within so all complains should go to tango and not bethesda . 
  bethesda only made 4 games : morrowind , oblivion , fallout 3 and skyrim . 
  why ? 
  probably bethesda will include an assassin relative to this girl in the next game \\ ^ ^, 
  good luck on your journey !, 
  personally , i 'm almost giving up on gaming ( have days that i do n't play and if i do , it 's maybe only 30 minutes ) so i can finally get rid of my windows 7 partition . 
  but you should pm keys instead , it 's a safer way because bots might take em if you post in plain text as a reply . 
  samsung galaxy s duos ( old shit ), 
  i recently hit a record which was 4 days and a few hours , but i 'm using apex launcher . 
  when i used touchjizz 2 days was alot and 3 almost impossible . 
  yes , ps4 gpu is stronger . 
  a lot of games run a lower resolution on the xbone compared to ps4 . 
  for example : watch dogs is 792p on xbone and on ps4 is 900p . 
  i 'm pretty sure about the arentino boy too . 
  `` when i grow up , i want to be an assassin ! '', 
  honestly 4k is not worth it at the moment and you need to crossfire/sli if you want decent performance . 
  double clock and double battery ... 
  still not worth it yet , too expensive . 
  i 'll build a pc when 4k becomes standard and ddr4 is at reasonable price . 
  you can disable them on home screen . 
  yes +15 is retarded . 
  but that 's what we have to deal with if we play korean mmos . 
  what are the changes for slayer besides new skills ? 
  none . 
  but there is n't nothing else skill related . 
  launchers should have this feature . 
  4k too expensive at the moment . 
  i know that , but the gameplay changes are not like that . 
  if they put +50 enchantments ( typical asian mmo ) then we must accept it . 
  i said that i 'll build a pc when 4k becomes standard and dd4 becomes cheaper ...
