  it may be so but the apple logo also attracts other type of people such as 15 year old attention whoring instagram girls . 
  the logo is attention whoring overall, 
   he 's proud of being a code monkey, 
  i 'm a little skeptical because, 
   overclocker 's dream, 
  all it takes is a quick , easy and reliable trip to the [ dual boot with windows ] ( https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/dual_boot_with_windows ) archwiki page , click on `` uefi systems '' , scroll a bit and you 'll find this sentence, 
   concerning bootloaders , systemd-boot and refind autodetect windows boot manager ( \\ efi \\ microsoft \\ boot \\ bootmgfw.efi ) and show it in their boot menu automatically . 
  now explain to me , why you did n't do this instead of wasting time in making a reddit post . 
  it is generally much faster to simply check the wiki or the forums instead of making a new post and waiting for answers ... 
  the `` shitty outdated hardware '' is there because newer intel chips have the proprietary intel management engine ( it 's basically a backdoor to your entire computer ) and refuses to boot without it . 
  even if intel wanted to give out the source code they ca n't . 
  so it is most likely that the first gen i-series is the newest hardware that can run libreboot . 
  a lot of people value laptops with portability and other features rather than raw performance , so the outdated hardware is n't a problem , especially now when we do n't have significant performance increases over time as a few years ago . 
  they 're charging also for the service of flashing libreboot on it . 
  do you even know how it 's done on this model ? 
  but i do agree that in some parts they 're a bit daring . 
  like $ 50 stickers , i get it that it is to support fsf but come on , $ 50 ... 
   tech savy user, 
  tech savy users do n't ask questions like this, 
  tech savy implies that you also know how to google properly . 
  do n't the ts series have shittier battery life than regular t series ? 
  that is why you get a matte screen instead, 
  delete the entries from / boot/grub/grub . cfg ? 
  what about debian ? 
  it is mine # 1 . 
  oh , so i guess it only applies to older thinkpads . 
  i ask this because ktgee 's guide says, 
   t series models with an 's ' suffix ( eg . 
  t410s ) means they 're slimmer than the regular t series laptops but unlike the x series , they have worse battery life compared to the regular t laptops . 
  they also usually cost more than a regular t series . 
  are you sneaking ? 
  why bother with that shit sub anyway ? 
  t h i n k p a d, 
  what is the problem ? 
  oh come on man , the only difference is the de ... 
  this means that e ^ pi * 1 = -1 right ? 
  why so ? 
  since 2012 the official name changed from mac os x to os x only, 
   3.5 meme card, 
  you 're exactly the kind of person you would expect `` it just does n't work !!, 
  '' , `` it broke itself '' , etc. . . 
  my problem with this command is that it creates two backlight files , ` intel_backlight ` and ` acpi_video0 `, 
  how is this an improvement to screenfetch ? 
  why did you swap the original wifi card ? 
  still has the proprietary bios though, 
   cards were getting fried, 
  issue was fixed long ago . 
  also that was pure bullshit spread by people who my guess is wanted free stuff from amd or something like that . 
  a card does not simply fry when the temperature is high , it starts to throttle itself to keep the temperature down and if that does n't work then it shuts down . 
  how about doing a little research instead of asking to be spoonfed ? 
  i 'm pretty sure op is underage . 
  he mentions threesome and foursomes and seems to be pretty proud of having a relationship as if it was the best thing in the world . 
  not to mention that those text sound like a braindead 14 year old mentally retarded kid . 
  i 'm really starting to hate front page content , it 's all super beta kids that the most contact they had with a female was a hug from their mom , they come to reddit and fantasize to the point where it 's ridiculous . 
  sometimes there are good posts of course but it has come to a point where all the bullshit that you must withstand that one day might give you a brain aneurysm is not worth for that little good content . 
  that is even worse . 
  if he was underage then it would be kinda acceptable, 
  have an iphone now so sadly no reddit is fun . 
  alien blue is still inferior for me, 
  it 's not rocket science , all you have to do is follow instructions from the mod page and use common sense with mod compatibility, 
  if you have the north american ps3 goty version , then there is ** no ** way to make melisande accept the bloodgrass . 
  if you 're on the european edition then there 's a workaround , you need to set your system language to spanish or german , melisande then will accept bloodgrass . 
  after that you can save and change your system language to whatever you wish and that 's it . 
  if you want to know more about the vampire cure quest then i recommend watching [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rfqhjzy5-0 ), 
  what is the point of this thread ? 
  just read the wiki and do n't overthink . 
  chrome gets much more publicity , every body uses google and when you have a big box saying to download chrome and it is a running meme that ie is slow even among normies so they do n't care and just go with it . 
  second for roxey inn . 
  i think it 's for pure nostalgic reasons . 
  when i was a kid i liked to watch how my older friend used to play oblivion and he would always travel to an inn to chill , and afterwards walked west and killed some bandits outside an ayleid ruin . 
  after much pain i managed to make oblivion run on my pentium 4 no dedicated graphics machine using oldblivion and having everything on ultra low 640x480 res i found that place and it was the roxey inn . 
  i also like the quest there , it 's simple but satisfying . 
  you seriously need to stop spamming . 
  just like batiatus said , crixus is just a brute or something like that , when lucretia asks why he drinks wine with spartacus and did n't do it with crixus when he was the champ . 
  backlight is a meme anyway , thinklight is superior . 
  1 led does a better job than 1 led per key . 
  what power saving tools are you using on your debian x61 ? 
   tn panel, 
   1 dimm slot, 
   chiclet 6 row, 
   one piece trackpoint button, 
  what is the point of * 40 series anyway ? 
  literally every other choice is better . 
  negative aspects about the * 40 series make you excited ? 
  atheros wireless card has better power management or is it just because so you can use free firmware ? 
   negative vibes, 
  are you serious ? 
  you mean that no official ips screen , no dual channel and one piece trackpoint buttons that lenovo realized is a big mistake and corrected it on the next model is all my imagination ? 
  no laptop is perfect , and what you 're trying to do right now is convince yourself that the t440 has no flaws so you wo n't get buyer 's remorse . 
  t430 keyboard has dedicated volume and mute buttons which the t440 keyboard does not . 
  that is a downgrade in my opinion . 
  fuck off with your fantasies, 
  you need to sleep to level up . 
   i have it on my pc, 
  i think you mean microsoft 's pc, 
  you got drivers ? 
  gap between 970 and 390 keeps growing . 
  nice x230, 
  i said that because thinkpads for some reason have 3.2 ghz on screenfetch which implies turbo boost is on, 
  github is now anti-white .
