  fact check, 
   yes they did brooke, 
  # ^ ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ ^ did ... ^ ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  why did you buy a 768p t420 though ? 
  those 3x 90 minutes were some of the fastest in my life . 
  i 'm in europe so i jump from 2 am to almost 4 in a blink . 
   her lie about her open borders email is amazing , `` muh i was talking about energy '', 
  loved how pissed of she was when he mentioned it . 
  compulsive liars get really mad when they 're exposed . 
  i dealt with a couple of amazing liars ( got me completely fooled ) sometime ago and i saw the same face in them as i saw in hillary . 
  my tag says ukraine but i 'm actually living for 13 years in portugal now ( my parents emigrated here when i was young ) . 
  i live now for twice as many time in portugal than ukraine , and when i did live in ukraine i was only a kid . 
  i only started following politics in general after dnc , so my knowledge on the subject is very little but as far as i know trump said in one of the interviews that putin is not going into ukraine if he 's president so hopefully he and other nations will keep putin in line . 
  i have a few family members there ( legally ) and my future profession ( hopefully ) allows me to emigrate and still have work so it 's definitely a possibility . 
  font rendering in default ubuntu , it made me read more wiki articles because it 's so pleasant to look at . 
   so he 's already threatened to jail his opponent ,, 
  hillary lied to fbi , lied to the congress and her team destroyed blackberries and ipads with hammers in the state department . 
  all he said during debate is that he will appoint a special prosecutor to look into her case because people are in jail and have done only a fraction of what she did . 
   sue his accusers and the press ,, 
  nothing wrong with this , they 're always shitting on him . 
  melania already sued the daily mail because they spewed bullshit about her past as a sex worker . 
  do you think that 's fair ? 
   deport millions ,, 
  obama is doing this and it 's happening right now . 
  there 's nothing wrong with deporting `` bad hombres '' and other illegal aliens . 
   and bomb foreign countries . 
  `` bomb the hell out of isis '' . 
  what 's wrong with this ? 
   threatening to jail political opponents, 
  he just said he will appoint a prosecutor to look into her case . 
  she broke a lot of laws and now she thinks she 's above the law . 
  that 's something completely terrifying . 
   second , you ca n't just sue someone for printing what you said verbatim . 
  freedom of the press almost explicitly says he ca n't do that . 
  once the press start talking lies and threatening your integrity you can sue them for sure, 
   and why are you suddenly an obama fan when this comes up ? 
  i 'm not a fan . 
  i 'm just saying that illegals should not be in the country in the first place so there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  migrating to a country is a privilege not a right , a country has the full right to choose whichever emigrants it thinks will be good for the country . 
   even worse when trump said he just outright does n't care if we go after their families . 
  he said that terrorist might not care about themselves but they care about their families so families might give valuable info that 's it . 
  there 's a big problem right now where families know that there 's a terror attack yet they wont tell anything to authorities . 
  this journalist was basically using every '' '' '' '' '' `` argument '' '' '' '' '' '' on his arsenal to shit on trump just like the rest of the msm and eric manhandled it like a total boss . 
  this kid 's amazing . 
  twitter 's a place where terrorists are free to express themselves yet supporting trump gets you banned . 
  i had it for a few days but it passed . 
  i guess i was just using the trackpoint incorrectly, 
   since he started the war, 
  hitler did not start the war it was churchill, 
   * xiii, 
  still waiting for that sequel, 
  skyrim was a huge financial success . 
  in my opinion it brought the elder scrolls into ` mainstream ' gaming . 
  we have to remember that in the end bethesda is a business and their end goal is to make money . 
   i feel bad for them actually ... it 's going to be a rough day for them on november 8th, 
  so you do n't want to win over corrupt establishment ? 
  that 's some fucked up priorities you have . 
   i do n't even fucking care about the election . 
   i do n't care about future of my country, 
  absolutely disgusting, 
   and would rather see a qualified individual in office . 
  hillary clinton ? 
  * the person who 's worth millions without any product to sell or business ? 
  who makes money by selling political offers ? 
  * who illegally deleted 33,000 emails when specifically asked to hand them over ? 
  * the first presidential candidate who was under fbi investigation ? 
  * who was caught lying over 30 times to the fbi ( many people are in jail for lying only once ) ? 
  who only could say `` i do n't recall '' during fbi interviews, 
  * who let 4 americans die in benghazi and later asked `` what difference does it make '' ? 
  * who was labeled as `` extreme careless '' in handling classified information . 
  * whose team destroyed blackberries and ipads with hammers in the state department ? 
  * who sold 20 % of us uranium to russia ? 
  * who is in complete control by special interest and lobbyist ? 
  not to mention all the dirty tricks she used during the election . 
  one of them is rigging the dnc against bernie . 
  he never had a chance . 
  and recently discovered a completely disgusting act of inciting violence at trump rallies , she does n't care that many americans might get hurt , she just wanted fake media coverage how `` violent '' trump rallies are . 
  i might go ahead and risk saying that she does n't even care about america at all . 
  she 's only there to serve her special interests , the donors and the lobbyists . 
  really ? 
  does this sound `` qualified '' to you ? 
  she 's pretty much the anthropomorphism of corruption . 
   he claims he will go to washington and somehow magically eliminate corruption . 
  they also said his run for presidency is a joke and will not be taken seriously , they said he will never get the nomination , etc. . etc. . . 
  give trump a chance to end corruption instead of electing an actual corrupt . 
   those are nothing but republican talking points, 
  blatant corruption is a completely valid talking point no matter where it comes from . 
  jill stein from the green party is also calling her out . 
   how is this different from trump ? 
  clinton is owned by the wall street elite , special interests , donors and lobbyist . 
  which means she does what 's best in those people 's interests not americans . 
  that 's a problem , trump is not owned by them . 
  he spends his own money on the campaign and receives a lot of small donations averaging at $ 61 each . 
   he has gone bankrupt 4 times . 
  you know that business is not about always winning right ? 
  you have to take risks and sometimes you win and sometimes you loose . 
  you talk about his 4 bankruptcies but what about his +500 successful ones ? 
   it was a smear campaign by republicans kept alive for years despite no evidence of wrongdoing, 
  really ? 
  [ trey gowdy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlmaqxcysxk ) disagrees with you .
