   given out a 7 million dollar national socialist handout to save 700 jobs, 
  he gave them a tax cut in order for jobs to stay . 
  what happened next is what you forget to say , company invests millions in us ( possibly creating more jobs ) instead of mexico , abandoning their half built factory there . 
  workers get to keep jobs , no leeching government unemployment benefits , they also pay taxes , buy shit in america , economy moves forward . 
  why so ? 
  oh god . 
  stating that ~ 13 % of the population commits 50 % of robberies and 50 % of murders is racist ? 
  statistics are racist now ? 
  that makes them inherently more violent by definition , it 's crazy how 13 % of population can commit so much murders and robberies . 
  that one you put in quotes is not true . 
  what is true is that blacks , which are 13 % of the population commit 50 % of the murders and robberies , and these numbers are from the doj . 
   what has led to the disproportional amount of crimes ? 
  i 'll start first . 
  did the flooding of drugs in their neighborhoods and the war on drugs have an effect ? 
  that 's an entirely different question . 
  blacks commit more violent crimes despite being a minority . 
  period . 
  it 's not racist to point that out and everybody needs to be held responsible for what they do and they 're no exception . 
  no amount of supposed ` justifications ' are going to change that fact . 
  blm , a radical leftist group , would never vote republican, 
  x270 hinges are disgusting thought, 
  have +10 upboats on that guy . 
  he did n't back away from the wall . 
  why are you pulling shit out of your ass ? 
   you did n't provide anything to truly back that claim up, 
  13 % of population --  50 % of murders and roberries, 
   it 's completely relevant . 
  can you answer it ? 
  it does n't matter . 
  stop trying to justify murders and robberies because ` oh they 're having a hard time ' . 
  why are you treating them like children that ca n't be held responsible for their actions ? 
  also in / r/politics due to my opinion going against the narrative here on many issues , i can only post in 10 minute intervals and 1 comment of mine gets like 7 or 8 replies and i ca n't sit around and wait +1 hour to reply to everybody . 
  trump himself said that the mexican border does not need to be fully a wall because there are a lot of natural obstacles and some places a fence does the job . 
  illegal aliens is the correct term . 
  if they come into the country legally then they 're just called ` immigrants ' . 
  yes . 
  however the attribute bonuses will only count for the first level up i think . 
  undocumented is just a politically correct way of saying ` illegal ' what the hell are you smoking man ? 
  why are you linking me some crappy blog post ? 
  undocumented is still illegal . 
  those who violate = illegals, 
  those who do n't = immigrants, 
  where 's the difficulty ? 
  it 's the correct term and will always be . 
   triggered, 
  is this a new way to deflect any opinion that differs from / r/politics hivemind ? 
  just scream triggered !!, 
  lulz !!, 
  until it goes away amirite ? 
   and helping elect a fascist crook . 
  quite the contrary . 
  my friends all shared anti-trump stuff and major news channel pages shared a lot of anti-trump it 's fair to call it propaganda now . 
  i think you all need to be reminded that there is absolutely zero evidence that the russian government hacked dnc and john podesta emails . 
   he 's an unrepentantly narcissistic bully, 
  nothing wrong with this . 
  he 's not afraid to say what is true that might hurt snowflake 's feelings and that is , in part , why so many people like him . 
  it 's a breath of fresh air after this constant political correctness bullshit where everything is offensive . 
  there is absolutely __ zero __ evidence that the russian government hacked dnc and john podesta 's emails . 
  would you kindly show what ` evidence ' you 're talking about ? 
  did you even read it ? 
  the article you linked says multiple times that there is no proof . 
   but security experts say that the document provides little in the way of forensic `` proof '' to confirm the government 's attribution, 
   `` the dhs statement is a restatement of already known public information , a series of technical indicators that are intended for use by cybersecurity professionals in finding and remediating apt28 malware on private sector networks , and some generic advice for companies as to how to improve their network security '', 
   in the october statement , officials described the the hacks and subsequent publication of stolen emails on wikileaks as an attempt to `` interfere '' with the u.s. election that is `` consistent with the russian-directed efforts , '' ** but provided no evidence to support their assessment . 
  ok now you 're just pulling shit out of your ass . 
  i asked you for evidence and you provided none because there is none . 
  are we done here ? 
  racism is not about skin color , it 's about culture . 
  skin color is just used as a tag, 
  edit : racism is not ** just ** about skin color, 
   i provided evidence, 
  no you did n't . 
  the article you linked me says that there is no `` proof '' or evidence that the russian government hacked dnc and john podesta 's emails . 
  i quote once again :, 
   in the october statement , officials described the the hacks and subsequent publication of stolen emails on wikileaks as an attempt to `` interfere '' with the u.s. election that is `` consistent with the russian-directed efforts , '' ** but provided no evidence to support their assessment . 
  here 's an example why i love his attitude, 
  oh dear , you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  when i asked for evidence you provided me with an article about john podesta 's emails and dnc . 
   the russian hackers compromised key vote tabulating computers to steal the election . 
  you pulled this out of your ass, 
   and then trump 's lawyers desperately stopped the recounts in court to keep that fact hidden . 
  i 'd like to remind you that wisconsin recount actually gave trump more votes than before and another recount i do n't remember where found like +6 votes for trump and +2 for hillary or something like that . 
   v. only post if you are a tucker carlson , fox news , or donald trump supporter . 
  any reason for this ? 
  i hope this does not come as a shock to you but you can personally disagree with something but still respect when other people do it . 
   why ? 
  do you find articles like this acceptable as quality journalism ? 
  you really need to stop reading the huffington shitpost or you 'll get fucked irreversibly in the head sooner or later . 
  x series are comfy shitposting machines indeed but sometimes in university i wish i had bought a t instead . 
  x270 looks like a cheap $ 300 laptop now . 
  those ~ ~ bezels ~ ~ hinges are disgusting . 
  but trump gave them a tax cut reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee he only cares about big businesses, 
  hinges are truly disgusting . 
  look at this http://www.notebookcheck.net/fileadmin/_processed_/csm_thinkpad_x270_3_5ace8eaba6.png, 
   ford ceo mark fields said the investment is a `` vote of confidence '' in the pro-business environment being created by donald trump, 
  this means he did not make a deal but simply moved because he thinks trump 's policies will be good for business . 
   requesting a detailed step-by-step, 
  have you tried readme.txt ? 
  a very nice read if you 're interested . 
   like i have to stand up to the person 's expectations,
