  it 's the same wiggly arms that he did multiple times . 
  how can it be targeted at a disability when he mocked the same way other people without a disability ? 
  i know it 's hard and i 'm not expecting to be able to dispel this strong lie in a few reddit comments . 
  as i said earlier , it took a few months myself to realize how dishonestly the media twisted the story . 
  trump , a figure that 's been popular for decades , constantly hunted by the press and various appearances in tv , talked with probably hundreds of reporters is supposed to remember this one reporter from 1989 ? 
  do n't you think it 's a bit reasonable if he ca n't remember 1 reporter from __ 28 years ago __ ? 
  once again , trump calls `` poor guy '' and many other things to other people who are not disabled . 
   he mocked disabled people in general by using those gestures to disparage someone whether or not the person he was mocking was disabled . 
  this is a bad argument . 
  trump did the same thing to cruz later ( wiggly arms , uncomfortable question ) and nobody said `` oh look there 's trump mocking disabilities again '' . 
  by your logic [ meryl streep also mocked a disability because she waved her arms around ] ( https://i.redd.it/2tx5wy1edu8y.gif ) . 
  you 're messing up a lot of stuff so i 'll just leave this here, 
   there was a video of trump admitting he sexually assaulted women . 
  this is complete bullshit . 
  he said that when you 're a celebrity they __ let you __ do whatever you want because i do n't mean to shock you , but women do love to sleep with celebrities . 
  i do n't think you understand the concept of `` different opinion '' . 
   misinformation, 
  really ? 
  dnc and john podesta 's emails were 100 % real . 
  autistic screeching, 
   or his ridiculous border wall, 
  how is enforcing a border ridiculous ? 
   i love how the common `` this is why trump won '' basically means `` i know i 'm an asshole, 
  you 're wrong and here is why :, 
  there are legitimate reasons to vote for trump that have nothing to do racism or sexism or any other - ism . 
  the big mistake the left did was to remove any discussion or persuasion because if you support trump you 're _ obviously _ a racist , sexism , homophobic , etc etc etc. . you 're stupid you 're a redneck retarded uneducated and other nonsense . 
  just like the electors that were sent death threats to not vote for trump . 
  how do you think people are gon na vote if you talk to them like that ? 
  [ here 's a liberal explaining it better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glg9g7bcjks ), 
   a monument to xenophobia, 
  stopping illegal immigration is not xenophobia . 
  a wall was built in isreal to stop illegal immigration from egypt and it works . 
  +16,000 border patrol agents and ice endorsed trump and his wall . 
  there are people that risk their lives everyday to defend the country . 
  source of these videos ? 
  false analogy . 
  ctr was a real company that clearly states their purpose on their website `` defend hillary on various social media '' i.e. 
  shilling and had a 6 million dollar budget . 
  people were paid to shill pro-clinton propaganda . 
  you could n't say anything remotely anti-clinton during general election because you 'd get insta downvoted to like -20 with no replies . 
  i did not say that it was in wapo . 
  what are you about ? 
  trump said that he has seen in television and i pointed out a clip of it . 
  okay so i got wrong which agency endorsed trump but other entities related to border endorsed him . 
  i do n't remember saying anything about the economy . 
  you called the wall `` xenophobic '' when it 's purpose is solely to enforce the border and get people to follow the law . 
  since when is enforcing the border `` xenophobic '' ? 
  this is what she had to say about trump, 
   i 've seen what 's been going on in the news , but really what is there for me to say , other than that he respected me during that time in my life and i have a lot of respect for him because of that '' . 
  how about you read the rest of his reply ? 
   we have occasionally stated broad properties about who a source is or is not where we felt it was crucial to do so ( to prevent the risk of war or the undermining of the publication ), 
  why are n't you reading assange 's replies ? 
   we have occasionally stated broad properties about who a source is or is not where we felt it was crucial to do so ( to prevent the risk of war or the undermining of the publication ), 
   we have occasionally stated broad properties about who a source is or is not where we felt it was crucial to do so ( to prevent the risk of war or the undermining of the publication ), 
   we do this , but occasionally we make an exception, 
  what 's the part that you 're not getting ? 
   ( to prevent the risk of war or the undermining of the publication ), 
  if he did n't answer the question a lot of retarded speculation would rise . 
  he was mocking the situation , not disability , just like he did several times . 
   he 's childish . 
  he can not take criticism , he whines like a fucking baby on twitter . 
  strongly disagree with this . 
  when somebody criticizes trump they get applauded but how dare trump defend himself on twitter he must take all criticism and shut up or else he 's a crybaby amrite ? 
   he still exhibits a tendency to bully and his narcissism is as plan as day . 
  he will continue to attract intense scrutiny , and deservedly so . 
  this is true i do not contest it . 
  however , saying that he specifically mocked a disability is on a completely different level which is not true . 
  and this is just many of the false stories . 
  you 're aware of msm 's hatred for trump , he played them like a fiddle . 
  why do you think cnn , for example , is so down in ratings ? 
  i know he is like `` yeah i 'm the best i know all the things '' but as long as that is true his personality does not bother me if he indeed lives up to what he says . 
  edit : you may call his twitter childish but his [ game is on another level ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-eizvfbvbnrg/v153zb8ozui/aaaaaaaacno/orejno7e-kapzrjxdrlpf7hhgwkfgs-pgclcb/s640/delete.jpg ) like [ seriously ] ( https://i.sli.mg/qtadvj.jpg ) . 
  and i do n't defending himself whenever somebody criticizes him is `` whinning '' . 
  this one 's better . 
  it 's better to advertise logic flaws and good arguments rather than le sick burn xd, 
  two things, 
  trump did n't remember the reporter , he said that he never met him , yes that 's a lie , he did meet him but that was in like 1989 . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable for someone like trump ( famous for decades ) to not be able to remember 1 specific reporter from almost 30 years ago . 
  he mocked the same situation the more or less the same way several times . 
  any reasonable person concludes that he indeed was mocking the situation . 
  it was just unfortunate how manipulative the msm was with it and twisted that he was specifically mocking the disability which was never his intent because of 1 . and 2 . 
  the guy last time raised millions of dollars fom veterans and many endorsed him ( one gave him a purple heart ) i believe he genuinely cares about them . 
  why would he mock a disabled reporter ? 
  that 's a bad argument . 
  he did that gestures both before and after and nobody called it `` mocking the disabled '' . 
  i said it 's a bad argument and explained in the next line why . 
  oh i get it now . 
  yes nobody said `` oh he 's mocking the disabled again '' when he did it to ted cruz for example . 
   the more i hear about senator mccain , the more it seems as though he 's a man of integrity . 
  \\ - random redditor in / r/news, 
  just gon na correct you there ( it 's important to spread true facts ) . 
  podesta 's password was `` p@ssw0rd '' but that was his for his windows 8 login . 
  his gmail account which is what matters what `` hacked '' by a phishing scam pretending to be a legitimate google email and he just typed in his password , it could 've been the most secure password with emojis and georgian letters , it would still get stolen . 
  please do n't put capital `` c '' in 4chan . 
  sorry to disappoint you but this is article is the biggest fake news you 've read . 
  apparently it came from 4chan as fiction and they sent it to various reporters . 
  did he just get banned ? 
  that `` intelligence leak '' has / pol / shitposter fanfiction about trump hiring prostitutes to piss on obama and michelle dolls and then timely wait until a garbage truck passes by so they can dispose them off trump tower . 
  even cnn right now is doing damage control saying how buzzfeed 's publishing fake documents hurts reporting for all . 
  are you even following the news or your trump derangement syndrome that hopeless ?
