  i do understand that the class has a high skillcap but let 's say an average warrior wins alot more than an average zerker . 
  about that last paragraph , so that means if somebody got a crow cs or taser plasma or whatever it is called , that means they wont be able to play with people who have all +1 weapons ? 
  i also want that on thunderstrike \\ ^ . ^, 
  oh i see , thanks for the info !, 
  i guess you 're on eu . 
  same here ... 0 % applying patch . 
  it 's because of the maintenance :, 
  `` all game servers will be under maintenance from 08:00 cest ( 07am uk time ) until approximately 13:00 cest ( 12:00 uk time ) . '', 
  it 's been 2 hours already but that is normal , it 's always the same shit . 
  whenever there 's a new patch you must wait a few hours more until the launcher desides to work . 
  my guess is that the term probably came from dota or maybe earlier from warcraft or starcraft or other rts games . 
  when you right click you do a `` basic atack '' but it is also an auto atack because you right click once and the unit keeps doing the basic atack automatically . 
  so they are basic atacks but at the same time auto atacks so people started refering basic atacks as auto atacks . 
  my bad . 
  when i was talking about right click i was referring to rts games . 
  wow , does it exist ? 
  i doubt there 's any difference between fps since it depends on your hardware and not na or eu ... 
  i know they have block , but i mean the shield itself - the object . 
   an average zerker is slower than an average warrior, 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  vm2 axe ( for example ) looks awesome and now they use the same fucking shitty axe for oculus , patron and devastator  .  like wtf ? 
  have n't visited / r/unixporn in a while ... did some rules change ? 
  because i see posts with distro tags and i remember when unixporn 2.0 came those were removed ... 
  there 's also in the same channel a warrior vs slayer . 
  that one is insane . 
  maybe of the launcher working differently or something . 
  but i do n't think servers influence fps since they 're all about connection speed . 
  that 's ridiculous how you ca n't get into rehm . 
  i always want sorc and archer in my party or atleast one or another . 
  yes . 
  red are story quests and yellow are normal quests . 
  if you still for some reason ca n't distinguish then you can press l and see that story quests are on a different tab than normal quests . 
  edit : by red i mean exclamation points and that stuff . 
  when quest text is red or orange that simply means the quest is above your level . 
  `` accidentally bough a game i already owned '', 
  \\ #justmasterracethings, 
   p.s. 
  i made a zerker cuz i find the sight of elin with big massive weapon smacking things for massive damage entertaining , ( this is back when overcharge was bad : v ), 
  this is the reason i 'm playing one . 
  i would probably never play as a zerker simply because i was never into those kind of classes ( heavy armor , big weapons , slow powerful atacks ) but i only do it because of elins . 
  o_0 weird, 
  maintenance ... again, 
  * all game servers will be under maintenance from 08:00 cest ( 07am uk time ) until approximately 13:00 cest ( 12:00 uk time ) . 
  ** just learn this : ** whenever it 's maintenance day in eu . 
  the wait time is probably +3 +3,5 hours than what they say . 
  does anybody use bombs ? 
  haha , this is european launcher t_t, 
  i only wish we had eme as european publisher rather than gameforge . 
  that 's probably your best gaming-related decision . 
  there 's a series of videos by yogscast will ( back then known as linkthe1st ) that show every cool weapon with good video editing and clear narration . 
  ca n't link right now since i 'm on the phone but search for something like `` fallout new vegas weapons guide '' . 
  that 's a nice touch . 
  but i still miss the descriptive journal from oblivion . 
  it was far more closer to a journal ... 
  in skyrim is just a quest tracker with nothing worthy of reading . 
  he probably meant reapers . 
  you should note that being a warrior tank at endgame requires you to have aggro crystals and stuff , you can not instantly switch from dps to tank , if you do then you 'll be loosing aggro quite often . 
  even lancers without proper crystals can loose aggro for a longer time than usual . 
  the best thing to do is level both classes to 60 since judging pre-60 will not get you the correct perspective . 
  but most people probably do n't have time and/or patience to do that , so you should just ask yourself a basic question : `` do i like fast atacks with dual swords or big atacks with a huge 2h sword ? '', 
  there 's 50 % chance of picking the class that you like at 1st try . 
  if you do n't like the playstyle you can just reroll . 
  even if you do n't like the 1st class that you picked , it still helps you in pvp because you know how the other class works . 
  why exactly `` cloud '' to `` butt '' ? 
  want to know why ? 
  console limitations . 
  that is why i personally dislike consoles, 
  did you know gaben has only 2 kids ? 
  eso is not even developed by bethesda so discarding it does n't change anything . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted but this is true in my opinion . 
  morrowind and oblivion were much more rpgish than skyrim . 
  i think skyrim should be classified as an action game with a bit of simplified rpg mechanics . 
  ah it 's so fun to read your experiences and it reminds me how i first got into the series . 
  my advice is to keep playing and experimenting with different tactics and ( sadly ) later the game 's mechanics will sort of become transparent . 
  definetly uesp . 
  from sidebar :, 
  * this is not a satirical or circlejerk subreddit nor did it start as one . 
  this is a normal subreddit with satirical & circlejerk humor elements . 
  you do not understand . 
  let me explain to you :, 
  consoles have the advantage of having the game developed specifically for their hardware . 
  that is why consoles last 10 years because developers squeeze out every last bit of performance since they know the hardware well . 
  pcs on the other hand have a wide range of part choices and that is why the game is less optimized and you require better parts to run the game at minimal settings . 
  that is why 5 years most pcs become obsolete and you ca n't even play on lowest settings . 
  oh i misread you , i though you were saying about the cities , battles and all that feel small . 
  that is why i said about console limitations which is a fact . 
  well i believe bethesda 's motto is : * `` we 'll release a half finished game and give costumers the tools to fix bugs and put content that should have been there in the first place '' *, 
  not sure if you have watched an interview where bethesda 's ceo says * `` we did 2 to 3 times better on the pc than we 've ever done , because that 's a game with mods and stuff , the pc is the best place to play that game * '' and then said that they will support pc . 
  [ ( interview here , already skipped at the pc part ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0mpuiyjkui&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=19m15s ), 
  so i hope he stays loyal to his words and makes the next elder scrolls a proper pc game with pc specific ui , high res textures and high resolution support , more hotkeys , fov slider and much more pc-specific goodies . 
  haha , sorry for wasting your time :(, 
  i always though of daedric too fancy and therefore ugly when i first played oblivion more than 6 years ago . 
  i made the mistake of asking mods to change my flair at / r/youdontsurf while i had a pretty unique flair due to my kinda controversial post . 
  it only appears when you mouse over now :(, 
  i do n't post my shitty specs . 
  just a random sentence ... 
  well the thing with flairs is that if your post is sucessful you can ask mods to get a 1000 , 2000 , 3000 etc flair depending on your upvotes . 
  i was tagged with plain text and then i msged later for a 2000 flair but they do n't have flair + text . 
  but if i messaged them i think they could make it back to plain text . 
  yeah , got ta have your unique style and stand out in the crowd \\ ^ . ^,
