the point is that you think there is a leader of real feminism that is refusing to talk , while should step up and make this fake feminist to shut up . 
  the reality is that there are many recognized and acclaimed intellectual and accademic of feminism , that are simply ignored by the media . 
  what should they do exactly ? 
  their job is to write books and papers that are peer-reviewed . 
  then we should have an education system and media enlightened enough to consider them . 
  read some books before saying they are imaginary . 
  they helped improve sociology and philosophy for decades . 
  i agree : similar thoughts came to me when i saw how they handled lybia crisis . 
  berlusconi 's party is in the government , it 's a coalition government . 
  the point is that in italy we do n't vote for the members of the government ( at least until previous elections ) : we vote for the parliament , and then the parliament elect the government . 
  i agree with you regarding the bad taste : after the government resign it would be great to go to election again . 
  elected by the parliament , that in turn has been elected by the people . 
  from a quick google maps it looks the walk is very long ( hours ) but i might be wrong ... 
  germany undershooting of inflation parameters for years was illegal and contributed to cause this . 
  it was clearly satire , from the context you would immediately understand it was not defamation . 
  well you could say the same for a lot of actions in other eu countries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separation_of_powers the most important separation is between legislative , executive and judicial . 
  so they were saying that the judicial system does n't answer to the executive ( government ), 
   i almost forgot , how good comedy shows can be so it 's true what they say about germans / s but seriously well said !, 
  i think the point is that with heavy fat or white sugar , you can get a lot of calories with a spoonful of it . 
  it 's harder to control . 
  ideas can only be defeated with better ideas, 
  i agree it 's not important anymore , but it will be used to depict these unions as `` not quite so serious '' and represent homosexuals as deprived and unfaithful . 
  i think they should remove that obligation from marriage too , the couple should decide their boundaries on sexual exclusivity . 
  they removed the obligation of faithfulness , so they are definitely far from traditional marriage . 
  you do n't get it . 
  western countries industry ca n't compete with china . 
  they can either move production in china or import cheap labour, 
  that can both mean 1 . 
  `` i hope i will never end up in such a dangerous situation '' 2 . 
  `` i hope i will never end up in such a situation because i hope no rape will ever happen again '', 
  i guess you 're loading his sentence with an intention he/she does n't have . 
  i think he/she will love to be present when/if a rape happens , to be able to stop it . 
  honestly , why you twisted his thought like that ? 
  yeah , but even for countries a lot more troubled this is true ( see egypt of in general middle east ) . 
  the problem is that often the population is not aware enough of its own condition i think . 
  you do n't really need weapons to overthrow a government , usually the army stays with the population when both mom and grandma are in the streets protesting . 
  not necessarily a problem . 
  it 's true , a population with such a religion will outnumber the western world , but goods and resources are limited , so growing wo n't always increase wealth and production . 
  also , i doubt a population that bases its system of beliefs on those antiquated religions will not be able to overcome the western world . 
  thirdly , immigrants get typically converted to capitalism/consumerist ideology in few generations , because evolutionary that 's even stronger than religion . 
  almost free labor . 
  many european countries survive thank to this . 
  i do n't get it . 
  you think a polish cartoonist is not allowed to criticize a german politician because polish conditions are not ideal ? 
  this is very convincing . 
  but knowing how cia managed to move prisoners from european countries ( sweden , italy , etc ) i would stay in ecuador embassy if i were him . 
  ecuador is one of the few countries that does n't have intelligence agreements with the cia , at least for now ... 
  these are the arguments why assange supporters think you 're wrong https://justice4assange.com/us-extradition.html#wukja, 
  in this specific case it 's because it 's a crime that could have been punished with jail : for those crimes the corresponding fine is very high . 
  yes but an extended family can also be great to raise kids and to build a community ... 
  france has a clear tactical and economic interested in not letting russia win this , so their claim seems hypocritical, 
  and destroyed lybia, 
  hospitals are being clearly targeted , attacked often twice to hit the people helping after first strike . 
  said that france destroyed lybia and is butthurt just because they ca n't do shit now in syria . 
  fair enough !, 
  i live in uk . 
  i found lot of arrogance and sense of superiority coming from the brits i interacted with , like i am a b class citizen . 
  also after brexit i 've been attacked twice in the street with the chant : `` go back to your place '' . 
  also i noticed they refer to where i come from as europe , so many do n't think uk is in europe . 
  i lived in the netherlands , ireland , france , spain , germany and poland and this is the first time i feel like this . 
  now , this of course does n't mean you 're wrong : we need people like you . 
  but i 'm just asking you to understand that the attack on brits is a reaction . 
  what i am saying is that i was raised in that way since i was a kid ( yes every single time ) . 
  of course you are right about the temperature and other differences that may cause this . 
  but still , at least before sex jesus ... 
  i think he 's being serious . 
  obviously it 's not the bidet that makes one clean , but many people in uk consider enough to wipe themselves to be clean . 
  an italian or spanish or portuguese will be used to wash themselves ( not only wipe ) after going to the toilet . 
  i had more than one horror encounters romantically speaking because of this cultural clash . 
  now my way to go is to drag the partner in the shower before the act . 
  ok it 's actually interesting . 
  you should look how many times your target top athlete won in the last year a final competition and we could make some stats . 
  maybe some athletes are really winning every time ( bolt ? ), 
  but many others have very similar level with the non europeans counterparts , so 2/3 sounds a bit much ... 
  who knows ? 
  statistics, 
  there 's a lot of randomness ( in many sports ) so repeating the olympics with only the european player that won now would n't guarantee anything, 
  it is known, 
  that 's actually very cool !, 
  this is why is bad : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zp5bivk_rk, 
  that 's interesting , i do n't know this religion but i read the bible and for sure teaches something different . 
  but i 'll look it up because i 'm used to regard a religion as a non democratic moral doctrine , where usually it 's very hard to improve our moral behaviour ( slavery , racism and women rights barely made it recently ) because of its dogmatic nature . 
  if it 's true as you say that there 's a free interpretation in your religion , i 'm not sure i 'd call it a proper religion , but that 's just semantic . 
  i usually i have a simple question to separate ( closeted ) fundamentalists from open minded religious people : if god tells you to kill me , with no apparent justification and if i did n't do anything bad to you , would you do it ? 
  unfortunately many many christians ( of all kind ) answer that yes , they would kill me . 
  ok i was wrongfully thinking about catholics . 
  but i still think the mindset of christians is the same , just substitute the pope with whatever you follow . 
  threatening an eternity in hell is enough to make anyone do anything . 
  the value of life of others become less important . 
  and if you tell me you follow the bible , well that 's so ambivalent that can easily justify anything . 
  i disagree , you are picking the good bits of christianity , while the doctrine is based on blind obedience to the authority to get eternal life and on the infallibility of the pope . 
  if he says you must kill to get eternal life , you shall kill . 
  edit : and this is why moderate can be dangerous https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zp5bivk_rk, 
  nope , it 's because the woman has to be `` pure '' , not the man . 
  to be honest i do n't think it 's true . 
  what i felt in germany was glorification of structure ( `` things are like this because this is the way they are '' ) that did n't really coincide with a lack of chaos from my perspective . 
  if i could go from a to b in one step but in germany i 'm told i need to do twenty , perfectly defined very complicated and tricky ( comma22esque ) steps , they are chaotic to me even if they are perfectly defined . 
  in other words , determinism can still generate chaos . 
  you realise you just killed the idea of marriage ?
