  so ... still not the `` greatest number of foreign criminals by nationality '' as you said . 
  also , i think when you look at the severe crimes like murder , sexual assault , etc poles are a lot lower in the stats . 
  im guessing you say `` turkey is naturally first '' since that is the largest group of foreigners in germany , but then why isnt poland naturally in the top 3 , since poles are the 2nd largest group in germany . 
  not true , there are other ways of helping then blindly taking in migrants that will go to germany anyway . 
  this does not help anything . 
  afaik poland hasnt refused any aid ( financial , personnel , etc ) for greece and italy . 
  the only thing we refuse is the so called `` solution '' that does nothing . 
  its cute that you actually think poland is the only side benefiting from being in the eu ( read getting free money ) . 
   whenever you post , proudly , all those skyscrapers under construction in warsav , remember that they are the result of all the money eu invested in your egoistic country . 
  without the eu you would still be belarus level . 
  you overestimate what is happening . 
  eu funds are about 1.5 % of our budget . 
  it helps , but it does not make or break us in any way . 
  because they stop fleeing war when they enter the first safe country . 
  additionally they are not seeking shelter in poland . 
  migrant quotas do not solve anything . 
   in germany the greatest number of foreign criminals by nationality are the polish . 
  source ? 
  bka.de suggests something else . 
  from pcs report 2015 : non-german suspects by nationalities - total offences : * total : 911,864 * syria : 134,177 * turkey : 78,014 * afghanistan : 61,097 * romania : 52,531 * poland : 44,659 not to even mention the difference in population numbers of poles and other nationalities . 
  we are all out of pie , but how about some vodka , 
  again , the majority are not fleeing war . 
  even the eu openly says that , for example timmermans saying over half arent refugees . 
  and they should have been punished/deported accordingly . 
  but that is not the case now . 
  well ... we are entitled to do so , ever since we joined the eu and schengen . 
  the same can not be said for them . 
  he is talking about immigrants since the vast majority of people in the migrant crisis are immigrants not refugees . 
  there is nothing wrong in immigration itself , but these people are doing it illegally . 
  yea , good luck with sending everyone back in the future ... 
  not sure what your point is , but ... dear santa , please send more freeeee moniez , 
  source for this : `` your country does n't want to and wo n't do that '' . 
  has italy or greece requested aid ( financial , personnel , etc ) in the last couple years that poland has refused ? 
  i guess i should congratulate you since i honestly cant tell if you are trolling or not . 
  if you think the 2004 eu expansion wasnt beneficial for both sides , you have a lot to learn . 
  this is politics and business at the highest level , there is nothing for free . 
  there is a lot to say what eu benefited , but in short - new open markets , cheap labor , skilled workers , etc. 
   because i 'm not finding anything that tells me what the eu benefitted from through the years from the inclusion of poland . 
  then that just shows how little you know of the eu ... or again - trolling . 
   then pony up the money and military might needed to help protect italy and greece . 
  oh wait , your country does n't want to and wo n't do that . 
  source ? 
  afaik poland hasnt refused any aid , be it financial , personnel , other . 
  the only thing we refused is the so called `` solution '' - migrant quotas - that does not solve anything . 
   your country wants their eu money without putting any effort back into the eu . 
  leeches and welfare queens , as the conservatives in the us calls it . 
  we are not getting this money for free . 
  its not out of the goodness of the eu 's heart . 
  if you truly believe this , you are naive . 
  how dare poland do what their citizens want and refuse something that does not solve anything - the horror . 
  fair enough , im not trying to excuse what he is saying , but you have to remember he is a politician and will speak in very general terms . 
  is this a good thing - no , but that is the reality we live in . 
   of course not , but i would expect them to contribute to the discussion and bring forth ideas . 
  100 % agree , i think there is more we can be doing to help , but afaik poland hasnt refused any financial aid , personnel or anything like that . 
  the only thing we refuse is migrant quotas which does not solve anything . 
   is the solution for poland to close its borders forever and say fuck you to schengen and to the geneva convention ? 
  poland as well ? 
  of course not , but we really dont have that problem since poland is not a preferred destination for migrants . 
  even vetted syrian christian families that were flown to poland directly from syria left very quickly for germany ... 
  so you want/expect a country to single-handily solve a crisis that the whole eu cant ? 
  we didnt force our way into the eu , lets not pretend it wasnt beneficial for both sides . 
  this really isnt comparable to people illegally coming into europe . 
  while i agree there is more we could be doing to help , that can always be said and afaik poland hasnt refused any aid ( be it financial , personnel , etc ) for greece or italy , the only thing that poland has refused , is the so called `` solution '' of migrant quotas , which does not solve anything . 
  but our constitutional court isnt really independent ( by design ) , for example in our constitution it clearly says that the judges are chosen by the parliament , the president chooses the director and vice director , but more importantly the organisation and functioning of the constitution court is specified in our law , which of course is made by the parliament . 
  imo that is a lot of influence politicians have on an `` independent '' institution, 
  i wouldnt count on that . 
  imo its the same situation like with ziobro and a couple others . 
  even before po got into power , they were swearing to punish pis for the shit they did in 2005-2007 . 
  throughout the elections and the next 8 years in power , they kept on saying ziobro will face the state tribunal ... long story short - he didnt . 
  most likely its going to be the same thing here - a lot of talk and no actions . 
  that 's kind of the problem - our bad constitution ( thats why im all for the idea of a referendum about changing it , even though i highly doubt anything will come out of it ) . 
  the only restriction in the constitution , is that a presidential pardon can not be for someone found guilty by the state tribunal . 
   i do n't think any government equals whole nation , opposition is part of poland too right . 
  of course  it 's my opinion that poland can do what they want , but eu does n't have to like it or agree with it . 
  and of course they have to follow the deals they have made . 
  but according to the eu we do not have this right . 
  if you try to stop someone from doing something and fine them for doing it , that means that person did not have the right to do said thing . 
   because i have studied some forestry/ecology and read scientific articles about the subject at hand . 
  and it seems many polish professors agree . 
  yet , there are others that disagree . 
  sadly , politics plays a huge role in polish life and no matter the issue it polarizes people . 
  you will find groups that will always back the governments actions and other groups that will always criticize them . 
  this applies to almost everyone from politicians themselves , through journalists , tv presenters , celebrities to even scientists/academics . 
   why it is so hard to believe that it 's not when there are clear referenced articles about it . 
  because there isnt another motive . 
  the links you gave dont even hint at another reason why the government would be doing it . 
  i am naturally suspicious of all politicians , but there is no other logical reasoning behind this . 
  im a sap for puns ... 
   poland has a right to do as they see fit . 
  well , the article , the eu , the opposition parties disagree with this . 
   and the excuse they are using is just not true . 
  why are you so sure of this ? 
   they are going to disturb primeval part by logging around it , no forest is not just isolated patch of trees . 
  true the primeval part isnt isolated , but as you said before , there is a buffer zone , which is not the whole forest . 
  neither of us really knows exactly where that buffer zone is and where they are cutting down infested trees . 
   reasons might vary ( ideological , political , economical etc. ), 
  and i ca n't speculate about that . 
  i just know that it 's not about preserving the nature . 
  you say that , but you cant show a single valid reason . 
  ideological ?
