  mainly because she is a politician of the highest level . 
  also the 2nd part of the quote : `` saying she hoped macron manages to fight unemployment in france and ** adding that the best way to counter populists was to solve problems ** '' . 
  talks about new eu army ... coincidence ? 
  out of curiosity , how large is the opposition in czech republic ? 
  a recent poll in poland showed that 65 % are against switching to euro while only 21 % were for it . 
   we know they would use them for greater good of the eu and not petty personal gains . 
  no offence , but that 's just naive . 
  this is politics and business at the highest level , there is no place for the `` greater good '' , its all about gains . 
  well , not sure if i would really call it interfering in internal affairs , but when another country is providing support only for one side , in order to make sure the other side ( in this case : the so called populists ) doesnt win in the future , i can see how it can be a bit gray . 
  edit : come on guys , at least tell me why you disagree , dont just downvote . 
  while i agree , that 's not my point . 
  i know this is a naive approach , but i would like to think that politicians should try to solve people 's problems , because they were chosen by the people , because it is their duty as representatives , because they actually care ... not because its the only way to stay in power . 
  at least they are honest , that the only reason they want to solve people 's problems , is not to lose power in the future ... 
  that was actually his twin brother . 
  no more mirrors left do to the punching punchable faces ... 
  do you know him in person ? 
  that was actually cejrowski 's [ point ] ( https://youtu.be/ylzfh67fhrm?t=325 )  `` laughter '' - germany , sir , germany . 
  first thing that comes to mind : auschwitz-birkenau , the first thing that comes to mind about germany , you can go anywhere in the world and the first thing that comes to mind about germany is auschwitz-birkenau ... and adolf hitler . 
  edit : added loose translation, 
  well this really wasnt a formal request and unfortunately , but in our times , being edgy and controversial is a pretty strong tool to promote yourself . 
   yeah so instead of giving full context of the interview , you prefer someone just giving the part that suits you , great standards ...  that interview from 2 weeks ago when cejrowski says clinton uses little childrens smashed bodies as face cream , and tusk should end up on electric chair ? 
  source ? 
  again , an example would be nice . 
  i havent watched any of his stuff in years , but i remember him completely differently - very positive and respectful to the people he meets , maybe even a little bit envious of the simple life some of them have . 
  even the `` context '' from op is shit ... 
  he also walks barefoot almost everywhere he goes in everyday life . 
  maybe if that were true ... but it isnt . 
  got ta say , im glad poland isnt the leader in that , although it definitely was a problem when i was a wee lad . 
  im guessing university is like that everywhere - it definitely is in poland . 
   i think the basic conundrum is that e.g. 
  italy has been complaining about this since 2002 but no one cared to help until it was literally too late . 
  and by that time no common plan existed , help was only voluntarily ( where half the eu declined to help ) and overall shit like that . 
  fair enough , but the issue is that even now when it is too late , there is no common plan or even a good plan . 
  unfortunately , but looking at the last couple years , i have no faith in the eu being able to solve this crisis . 
   from my point of view that 's bullshit as well . 
  that kind of situation is the chance to say : `` if you do n't even accept how the eu handles this for personal gain you 're first to get shipped back because you 're clearly here for $ $ '' but e.g. 
  germany just accepting people that were already redistributed is also a thing that ca n't happen . 
  but that 's not the reality we are living in . 
  we can not ship them back to syria and most likely wont be able to do so for years . 
  the `` worst '' we can do is send them back to whichever country they were relocated to . 
  nothing is stopping them from trying again and again . 
  sadly , this `` solution '' has been in place since what , end of 2015 ? 
  so far very little , if anything has been done to make sure migrants dont move freely in europe . 
  you said it yourself `` germany just accepting people that were already redistributed is also a thing that ca n't happen '' - but it does . 
  i just dont see any reason to trust the eu that suddenly everything will change . 
  if this was part of a bigger plan , then i strongly suspect people would actually back it , but for now , it just looks like the eu is walking aimlessly in the dark . 
   it does solve ( to some very limited degree ) the problem of people that are already in the eu and if you are not able to find a single person who is not just ( economic ) immigrant ( scary people , yes ... ) but legitimate refugee according to the international law among a pool hm ... around 1.3 million ppl ( or 160,000 included in quota system ) , you are just not trying at all . 
  at all . 
  there is no way you can put a lipstick on number 0 . 
  it doesnt , not in any meaningful way , that is why we are against this idea . 
  again ( because you skipped this part of my post ) , what is the point of relocating 160k migrants around europe when the vast majority will go to germany/sweden . 
  if your only goal is to have less people in italy/greece , ust let them in - end result is the same . 
   do not worry , we will send humanitarian packages and helpful advice . 
  very good , we will be grateful if the aid is needed . 
  we wont try to force the whole eu to do something their citizens are against . 
   `` in may , the european commission called on countries that refused to take in asylum seekers to pay a $ 250,000 ( # 212,000 ) `` solidarity contribution '' for every person brussels thought they should take . 
  the visegr\u00e1d quartet of central european states denounced the idea as blackmail . '', 
  because it is blackmail - do what we say or pay . 
  that 's not what requesting aid is . 
  that 's like demanding from a friend - help me move to my new apartment or pay for a moving crew . 
  do you really not see a difference between that and a regular request for help ? 
   this one ? 
  that does n't even mention a top 20 for overall safety or `` feeling safe walking alone at night '' and a top 19 for homicide rate . 
  am i missing something ? 
  iirc it was a report from early 2016 so it probably changed , but [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/41arpk/according_to_the_new_oecd_ranking_poland_is/ ) is a reddit topic about it . 
   it kinda should have the same result though . 
  if we leave border countries alone with refugees they 're dealing with then we 're willingly excluding them from the eu as a whole and are putting ourselves in danger at the same time , it 's a loss all around . 
  i agree , but i dont think we should leave them alone with this problem . 
  i am all for aiding ( personnel , financial , humanitarian , etc. ), 
  italy and greece , just not in the single way the eu is focusing on . 
  imo migrant relocation is not a solution considering what has been going on in the last 2 years . 
  italy and greece could use the aid , but more importantly a better plan is needed - what does relocating a couple thousand here and there help , when there will be hundreds of thousands/millions more . 
  not to mention the vast majority of these relocated migrants will go to germany/sweden . 
   tiny slovenia of 2 million ppl committed itself last year to taking 587 refugees and as far as i know , we do not need to chain them to stay here . 
  and we are really miles away far from open door policy & refugees welcome . 
  then share your wisdom how you did this , because other countries have these problems , migrants are leaving not only countries like poland and czech republic but also countries like portugal . 
  migrant relocation does not solve anything , additionally the eu hasnt even focused on keeping migrants where they should be . 
   they are taking care of our common border , so that poland can have no border controls and free movement with neighbouring schengen countries . 
  very good , it is their duty to do so , just like every other country ( poland included ) who has a schengen border . 
  if they are having problems with this , they can ask for assistance and im sure other eu countries like poland will gladly help . 
   sure . 
  as long as they stay in italy & greece , you are more than willing to send humanitarian packages and best wishes . 
  any aid , be it packages , personnel or financial . 
  if the only goal is to get them out of greece/italy , why go through the whole farce of relocating when we both know what will happen . 
  what does that have to do with anything . 
  that 's like saying a women should n't fear being attacked on the streets , in the middle of the night , because it never happened to her before . 
   i 'm seeing that claim quite a bit in this thread , what 's the source on this ? 
  i think its from an oecd index from last year . 
   if every single nation puts their national interests first we would n't have an eu . 
  not true at all . 
  deals are made because they are beneficial for both sides . 
  for example the eu 2004 expansion - it was a business and political deal , it was done because both sides gain from it , not out of the goodness of eu 's heart . 
   they have not accepted a single person?they have not accepted a single person ? 
  not as part of the migrant quotas . 
  private foundations and institutes have flown over some - mainly syrian christian families , try to guess what happened with them . 
   i bet they like schengen and free movement across eu ? 
  really nice thing to have , poland ? 
  guess who is paying for this luxury ? 
  border countries like greece and italy . 
  but not a polish problem , ha ... ?
