  i have never seen such a level of ungratefulness . 
  and you somehow think eu is doing this out of the goodness of their hearts , as if eu countries did not benefit from the eu expansion . 
  there is nothing free in business and politics . 
  i dont think being grateful has anything do with this . 
  we get funds , no one is denying that , but it is not for free . 
  imagine you own a shop , when someone purchases something from you , should you be grateful for the money they give you in exchange ? 
   or he will be eaten alive by merkel and the rest of europe at the first mistake . 
  and we 'll lose the chances to reform the eu . 
  will he ? 
  this situation reminds me a bit of party politics , where there is a `` leader '' , who is balanced and calm ( merkel ) , but there is also a `` bulldog '' , who is more aggressive/confrontational and says controversial things ( macron ) that the `` leader '' couldnt ( or simply prefers not to - for whatever reason ) say directly . 
  in these situations the `` leader '' does not openly support what is being said by the `` bulldog '' but allows it , because it is beneficial for the party . 
   but one never knows . 
  got ta get those clicks somehow ... 
  im too tired for this today ( making stupid mistakes ) , i meant 2700 less migrants in germany . 
  the amount in greece/italy would be the same with migrant quotas or just letting that amount leave freely . 
  the end results is almost ( in this hypothetical 2700 less in germany ) the same - not worth the hassle . 
  120 000 ( planned ) x 15 % ( resettled ) x 15 % ( that stay ) = 2700 really ? 
  all this shit going on for the last 2 years for : 2700 migrants less in germany ? 
  all this focus , effort and time wasted could have been used in so many better ways ( with better results ) than this . 
  edit : my mistake , i meant 2700 migrants less in germany , not italy/greece . 
  of course , but the fact of the matter is , resettled migrants move to countries like germany either way . 
  in the end it doesnt matter much if the migrants go from lets say : italy -  cee -  germany or italy -  germany directly . 
  i dont know the exact stats ( quite curious about this ) , but is all this hassle worth x % of the 15 % resettled that will actually stay in their assigned country , instead of going to countries like germany ? 
  there are ways to stop migrants from leaving , but this progamme is ending very soon and that has not been the case so far . 
  i see no reason to believe it will suddenly change . 
  isnt that the case most of the times ? 
  if that is the sole purpose , then why play around with resettlement ( migrants leave anyway ) , just let them leave italy/greece freely . 
  the end result is the same , or at least so close to the same , that the whole hassle and problems with migrant quotas arent worth it . 
  ok , now i understand your point - fair enough . 
  i looked it over again , while i still disagree and dislike what macron said , i have to admit my criticism wasnt accurate and i over-interpreted his meaning . 
  i dont know , i may have been unclear with what i meant , but :  i was just pointing out the shortcut in your argumentation , which resulted in a wrong argumentation . 
  my argument is basically what you say later :  i agree with you that ** other countries also act contrary to the established eu values ** and it is hypocritical to only focus on the v4 . 
  so if most of the eu countries are acting contrary to the established eu values , maybe they are not really eu/european values ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  exactly , there are many reasons to do so , the first as you pointed out - it doesnt work , this does not solve anything . 
  there are also worries of setting a precedent for future quotas . 
  lets be honest here , while v4 are openly refusing migrant quotas , the rest of the eu is doing the same ( just not openly ) . 
  otherwise this 2 year progamme that ends in a couple months wouldnt have been such a failure - more than 15 % migrants would have been resettled . 
  if these are such key european values then not just refusal of pulling your weight , but actually pulling your weight should also be crucial , isnt that how this works - you either follow a rule or you dont , you fulfill your obligation or you dont . 
  also why didnt he include austria in that case ? 
  afaik they are doing the same - [ have took zero migrants in this programme ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/20170613_factsheet_relocation_and_resettlement_en.pdf ) and [ out right refused to do so ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/28/austria-refuses-take-refugees-stalled-eu-scheme/ ) . 
   emmanuel macron slammed the leaders of the czech republic , slovakia , hungary and poland , for allegedly defying europe 's principles and values by refusing to pull their weight in the bloc 's refugee-sharing plan . 
  all most everyone in the eu is doing this , maybe that means that these arent really europe 's principles and values ? 
  i completely disagree , but i dont want to continue repeating myself and going in circles . 
  im guessing that young people ( fans of outright legalization ) see this is a first step - if the government isnt willing to introduce medical marijuana , then there is no chance they would outright legalize it . 
  im not so sure . 
  just look which age groups support legalization the most and is the loudest about it - young people . 
  thats an interesting aspect of this , but it probably only plays a minor role . 
  remember kids , aa is for quitters . 
   as , i said , the very fact he wants to discuss something about vaccines . 
  you do n't discuss facts , you accept them . 
  information is widely available . 
  if someone bothers they can find it . 
  in an ideal world - sure , but thats not the one we live in . 
  there are 2 aspects to this he points out ( and i agree with mostly ) . 
  first , antivaxers that have little to no scientific information about this , i think its a good cause to try to educate them , hence more access to information / `` discussion '' . 
  second , transparency for both sides , for example : so there are no shady deals between government officials , doctors and pharmaceutical companies , but also information in general ( he mentions a change of protocol - vaccinating new born babies on the first day , instead of the 3rd , he is not saying that is wrong or bad , but when he asked the reasoning behind it , no one could answer him ) . 
  i dont see anything wrong in these 2 elements . 
   you do n't get it . 
  they are a lost cause . 
  they already rejected scientific evidence . 
  you will never convince someone who bases his opinion in ideology instead of facts . 
  either you are on board with science or you are not . 
  plain and simple . 
  they chose not to , so they exclude themselves from being taken seriously . 
  i dont believe that . 
  sure , a part of the anti-vaxers are like that , but definitely not all . 
  treating them like a loss cause , nut jobs , etc only makes them stand stronger on their beliefs . 
   of course we need to educate people better but it 's not a problem of lack of discusion . 
  it is and you just proved that with your previous statement - lost cause , no point in discussing it , etc. 
  currently its not a discussion , its 2 groups blindly attacking each other with insults and hate . 
   it 's a problem of erosion of trust to experts because we do n't teach in schools what is a scientific method . 
  thats part of the problem and sadly it has much wider consequences than just anti-vax , i agree this should be changed . 
   ok , maybe he is not exactly an anti-vaxxer himself , maybe he just tries to pander to the crowd in a cynical way like a proper politician . 
  still an immoral thing to do . 
  honestly , i think this hurt him more than helped , especially with how the media just wrote him off as a typical anti-vaxer ( which most people are negative towards ) . 
  not going to happen in a looong time ... 
  what exactly makes him anti-vax ? 
  and here i thought : being against vaccinations was what made you anti-vax , not just wanting people to have access to information about vaccinations - the horror !, 
  is wanting more information for people a bad thing ? 
  especially since , as you pointed out - there are people that dont know anything/enough about vaccines . 
  the dialogue part was about not having 2 groups radicalized against each other , that wont help anyone and it definitely wont change a anti-vaxers mind . 
  sure sure , everyone who supports this is a drug addict . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eabqwslddds ), 
  cuz the irish are awesome !, 
  no ones perfect , but from what i remember , this was being misrepresented by the media . 
  he is not a typical anti-vaxer or even anti vaccination in general ( thats what he says , i havent looked into this enough , to decisively say if its true or not ) . 
  for example [ this ] ( http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/liroy-marzec-o-powolanym-zespole-ds-szczepien,618504.html ) shows him in a more `` balanced '' light . 
  he basically wants a dialogue/more information on vaccination , is against sanctions for not vaccinating your child , wants to check for conflict of interests for officials and doctors , etc. 
  i may not agree with everything he is saying , but its far from what you think when you hear anti-vaxer . 
  true , but lets be honest , 99 % of the work was done when he still was . 
  this is a sign that pis is willing to `` work '' and actually get something done with people from kukiz15 . 
  core yes , but pis needs more than their core voters . 
  i still think there is too much of a stigma on weed for it to be a good move ( politically wise ) . 
  im curious what the numbers are , but i havent seen any reliable poll on this . 
   anyway , i think it could hurt kukiz most ( as pis can earn few % from them thanks to that ) . 
  i wouldnt be so sure , i get your point , but on the other hand , this is a good example of kukiz15 `` influence '' . 
  a lot of people were pointing out , that kukiz15 doesnt have any `` real power '' since pis won majority and doesnt need them ( this is mostly true ) . 
  medical marijuana was one of liroys main election promises , he was able to push this through and make it happen , that shows that kukiz15 can `` work '' with pis on some issues they find important , adding a little faith to what they do . 
  poll from january shows 78 % support this while only 6 % are against .
