  definitely not on the level of abw going into wprost and grabbing a laptop away from their journalist . 
   which has nothing to with defensive policy . 
  if it was b\u0142aszczak or ziobro instead of macierewicz , i 'd maybe agree . 
  yet , it was part of the discussion , so her `` replying '' to it isnt odd . 
   smart , but dirty . 
  fair enough , while i dont like it , the fact is that politics is one of ( if not ) the dirtiest games there is . 
  so ... ignore what i said + add fascist ... gotcha btw . 
  the people who did that index are such big fans of freedom , that they wont answer simple questions like : who/how many/from where took part in the poll - very trustworthy . 
  i tend not to believe polls , especially if its from our journalist `` elites '' - afaik thats how this index gets its data . 
  compare the situation now against a couple years back . 
  under the previous government the public media were pro-government and the most popular private media were also pro-government . 
  now the public media are pro-government , while the most popular private media are anti-government . 
   are you gon na tell me situation of press in poland is anything but a joke ? 
  yes , are you gon na tell me the situtation of press in poland is comparable to african countries ? 
  dont even get me started how accepting canada and usa is of driving after drinking ... 
   it 's funny how polish people here defend pis , their freedom of press is comparable to african country now this just shows how little you actually know about poland ... 
   she had nothing to say what could be used to defend macierewicz ( defense minister , debate was about him , opposition tried motion of no confidence ) , save few platitudes , so she switched subject to the refugees , muslims , `` end of europe '' etc. 
  that 's not really a fair assessment . 
  her whole speech was about 13 minutes , this part ( not even 2 full minutes ) may not have been specifically about macierewicz , but it was about safety/security , which was a common theme in the whole debate . 
  sure it was full of `` propaganda '' , but that 's what politicians do : opposition will always criticize while the government will always talk about successes . 
  personally i 've never voted for pis ( macierewicz being one of the many reasons ) and dont plan to , but imo it was a smart political move for her to connect topics : minister of defense -  safety/security -  migrants , considering the recent mess ups of their main rival po , while talking about taking in refugees . 
  all in all i think she scored some political points with this . 
  if you think there is anything free in the eu or generally in business/politics , you are naive . 
  that would definitely be a better title . 
  its not super popular , but its quite common . 
  `` stuck behind enemy lines '', 
  i was about to defend this ( looking at the headline ) , but since its about prescription only - i wont . 
  i thought the `` limit access '' might be making it : behind-the-counter , sadly it isnt . 
  pis by itself can not change the constitution so no worries about that . 
  most likely nothing will come out of this , but the idea itself is good . 
  our constitution definitely need improving . 
  that has n't stopped them so far ... 
   i think it will lead to nowhere if we continue this discussion i agree because you keep falsely representing what i am saying and im getting tired of your condescending assumptions of what i do or do not know/understand , which btw are mainly off topic . 
  you have a lot to say , but of very little relevance or merit . 
   such as a democracy , where leaders are under high pressure to permanently justify their actions to the general public , policies and power questions always go hand in hand and are two sides of the same coin . 
  the system is like this by design . 
  and ... ? 
  germany helping france with its domestic issues like unemployment is a good thing . 
  it doesnt matter who is president and it doesnt have to be at the german tax payers cost , deals are made so both sides benefit . 
   in a second step you would have to consider that merkel can not make decisions on her own like a dictator because she is part of a web of many political actors , within germany and within the eu . 
  so in your opinion , if le pen won , merkel also would have liked to propose help but other politicians wouldnt like it / let her ? 
  if not , then again - irrelevant . 
   and in a third step you would have to contemplate what wiggle room there would be for policies if there were a decidedly anti-eu government in france . 
  this just backs up my point - merkel 's main objective is stopping this from happening , it is not to help french people . 
   all these complex matters you reduce to the dichotomy of merkel doing egoistic politics vs. helping the french people , and no matter what aspect we discuss , you always say : but this is only because of her political interests . 
  because that is what it boils down to . 
  you keep trying to blur the main issue here , but you already agreed to the basis of it - merkel would not have offered this help if le pen won . 
  why ? 
  because a strong france under le pen would be bad for the eu . 
  the only logical conclusion is that merkel wants to help with french issues , because it suits her political interests , not because she wants to solve people 's problems . 
  if the latter was the case , she would offer the help no matter who won . 
   as a little puzzle i leave it to you to find a concrete piece of policy : and for the last time - irrelevant . 
  we are talking about 2 countries : germany helping france , not the whole eu . 
   you seem to have misunderstandings about how the eu functions . 
  not really , since the eu itself plays a minor role in this discussion . 
  we are talking about germany helping france , two countries working together , not the whole eu . 
   first merkel is unable to govern france . 
  france has to be governed by the french government . 
  and who is saying anything like that ? 
   and if a french government like le pen 's hypothetical government does not want to work with germany , nothing is going to happen on the german side . 
  that does n't change anything , i think we both agreed the offer of help would not be sent if le pen ( or anyone else not aligned with merkel ) won . 
  if or if not france accepts the help does not matter here . 
   and second , why would the german government help creating eu laws with a government that not only does not want to work with germany to form a stronger eu , but would also carry out policies to weaken germany ? 
  so you agree with me - merkel 's political interests are more important then french people'e problems . 
  also france ( under le pen ) solving some domestic issues like unemployment does not weaken germany . 
   and why would the german taxpayer want to pay money for such policies ? 
  its not necessarily a loss for germany , deals are usually beneficial for both sides . 
   finally , perhaps most importantly , you seem to assume that le pen would have ideas that would actually help the french people . 
  most countries in the eu would see it like this : le pen 's policy would not only damage the eu , but also be against the interests of the french people themselves . 
  so you would not find many ( if any at all ) governments in the eu that would support le pen 's presidency . 
  im not assuming anything about le pen , you are the one assuming she would n't do anything good for france . 
  for me , that is irrelevant in this discussion , since it is not about le pen specifically , for this hypothetical you could replace le pen with anyone else who is not aligned with merkel 's political interests . 
   all this is not about any politics to stop populists . 
  it is the practical content of le pen 's policies that would be the problem . 
  of course it is . 
  if le pen 's policies are a threat to merkel 's political interests , merkel will do what she can to prevent le pen from winning in the future - aka `` stopping a populist '' . 
  the topic isnt only working with france to move forward with the eu , but generally helping france with its issues ( like unemployment ) to stop populists . 
  under le pen , the french people would still have these problems , but they wouldnt be important enough for merkel to help out with since it doesnt suit her political interests - hence politics over people 's problems . 
  while i understand your point , its not a good enough reason for me . 
  what you described would be helping people indirectly , while she is only willing to help directly ( helping france ) when it suits her politics ( helping out political allies ) . 
  if helping people was her main goal , then she would offer this help no matter who won the elections . 
  i dont fault her for this , since its just smart politics , but i disagree that first and foremost she cares about people 's problems . 
  to be a politician at the highest level , you have to know how to play the game . 
  exactly my point , so she is more interested in politics : making sure the other side doesnt win in the future , than the actual problems of people . 
  i appreciate that , though i dont really care about the `` points '' themselves , just that people are disagreeing with me without saying why . 
  let me ask you this - do you think merkel would have said/done anything like this if le pen won ? 
  in a perfect world - nothing , but that is not the one we live in . 
  i really do wish it worked like that ... 
   well in my opinion they are just regular humans im not saying they are monsters or anything like that , but i dont think they are `` regular '' . 
  imo it takes a specific mindset to get to the highest levels of politics and stay there for years . 
   you ca n't really expect the chancellor of germany to do something for france unemployment for its own sake , she has her own constituency and people to care for first , and people would be ( justifiably ) outraged when she would prioritize french interests over her own countries , of course not , but thats the thing . 
  politics is all about getting/staying in power for you and your allies , about making deals and there is no room for feelings and wanting to do something for the greater good . 
  if they get to do that - great , but thats only a side effect , not the main goal . 
  i obivously dont know her personally , so i cant really say if she cares or not , but my point is - politics ( self interest ) comes first , her feelings and people 's problems come second . 
  imo it just sounds like that is the main reason for doing it . 
  i highly doubt anything like this would have been said/done if macron lost - hence only caring/caring mainly about countering populism , not the actual problems . 
  i have a pretty bad opinion about politicians in general , not just merkel/macron specifically . 
  thanks . 
  yeah i saw [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_republic_and_the_euro ) . 
  the opposition fluctuates a bit , but is constantly quite high .
