  motivations dont change the fact that other countries are also breaching the same agreement . 
  you are just trying to use subjective criteria to excuse unfair treatment . 
   they did agree to the qoutas . 
  they are not fullfilling them , just like everyone else  and then they proceed to say with a smile in their face that they are n't and that they will refuse to collaborate . 
  either show me where that is a condition in the migrant quota deal or it is completely irrelevant . 
  you cant pull extra criteria out of thin air that were never part of the deal . 
   and do n't worry sanctions might come in due time to austria . 
  or not since they did n't spend the better part of a decade leaching off the eu and are actually contributing money ( which is n't as shady as you are making it out to be ) i highly doubt that , but we will see . 
  at least you are being honest here in saying its ok when a country breaks the rules , as long as it pays money into the eu . 
  that seems very fair , every country is equal my ass . 
  also , no one is leeching from the eu . 
  we are not getting money for free and they are not giving money out of the goodness of their heart . 
  its a mutually beneficial deal . 
  if it wasnt beneficial ( including financially ) for both sides , we never would have gotten the chance to join the eu . 
   except it kinda is . 
  like have you been ignoring the rallies zeman and orban have been hosting ? 
  that is exactly why its subjective . 
  where did it say anywhere or was agreed upon you had to take migrants in with a smile on your face ? 
  its a rule that was taken out of thin air - hence subjective . 
  again , no where is this criteria `` monetary support and letting them pass through '' a factor in the migrant quota deal . 
  well that sounds great - you dont have to follow rules , just pay/make behind the door deals - very fair and equal ... 
  surprised about poles in iceland , did not know that . 
  then you are naive if you truly believe the eu countries didnt also benefit from the eu expansion . 
  thats still stupid since countries arent being treated equally . 
  i would somewhat understand if the criteria was clear and objective - you dont follow this rule - sanctions . 
  but that is not the case , all most every eu country is failing to fulfill this deal ( breaking the rule ) but only 3 countries are being punished . 
  instead they are using a subjective criteria that is not specified anywhere . 
  for example they say its because these countries refused ( which is a criteria taken out of thin air , not in any deal afaik ) , but also what about austria ( i think slovakia similarly ) . 
  they did the exact same - [ didnt take in refugees in this programme ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/20170613_factsheet_relocation_and_resettlement_en.pdf ) and [ also refused to take any ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/28/austria-refuses-take-refugees-stalled-eu-scheme/ ) . 
  as you can see this criteria for sanctions is very unclear and subjective . 
   getting subsidies from richer eu countries is the only thing these countries care about when it comes to the eu . 
  the same way richer eu countries only care about the benefits they get from the eu . 
  they are not giving out free money out of the goodness of their heart . 
  come on , there is nothing free in business and politics . 
  if this wasnt beneficial for the richer eu countries , we never would have been able to join in the first place . 
   to those who thinks it 's wrong to force countries to take refugees . 
  we would want help , just like anyone else . 
  but their are other ways of helping . 
  i would be more than happy for poland to help out italy and greece , be it financially/personnel/etc . 
  afaik poland hasnt refused anything like this , just migrant quotas . 
  i am not happy with being singled out and punished when almost every eu country is breaking the same rule . 
   italy and greece cant do this alone . 
  it 's not fair . 
  of course not , but there is a interesting coincidence - italy brought up the problem with illegal migrants crossing their borders about 10 years ago . 
  basically , the whole eu ignored that issue then . 
  10 years later when this is now part of germany 's problem - its an eu issue . 
  that being said im not saying one excuses the other , just an interesting insight on how the eu works . 
  silver lining , huh , 
  of course , this is nothing new . 
  some countries have to follow rules ( and then some - like you mentioned ) others dont ( like germany , france with the euro fiscal rules ) . 
  equality !, 
  there you go . 
  i am not denying that , all i want is everyone to be treated equally , which doesnt seem to be the case . 
  unless you think at the end of this programme in september sanctions will be brought to the rest of the countries that failed to fulfill their contract ( broke the law ) . 
  personally , i dont see that ever happening . 
  do you ? 
  the problem is we cant force them to apply for asylum even if they are legit refugees . 
  most , if not all of them , know what is the faster solution . 
  i cant really blame them for wanting to do this as quick as possible , instead of doing the technically correct thing . 
   i am not being cynical here , i am just wondering , if they could actualy consider this . 
  even slovakia and czech republic took at least few hundred of those . 
  not at all , its a good question . 
  i dont really know since all i remember being brought up by our government is the 1 million ukraine refugees which isnt technically true ( the eu pointed that out ) . 
  although , i doubt that changes anything for the eu ( maybe it would in court ? ) . 
  this situation is so mixed up they dont know ( or wont say ) what criteria is used to decide who gets punished . 
  ukraine refugees most likely dont play any role for them . 
   by best guestimate is that the commision is going after countries that are activly pushing back against it first , most likely , but the key word here is `` first '' . 
  if they plan on sanctioning these countries ** first ** and doing something similar to the rest in september , then that would be pretty fair . 
  this is just my opinion , but i do not see that ever happening since they would have to punish almost every single eu country , even if it was in a lesser degree . 
   because you can not say with a straight face that those countries even tried to pretend to work on it . 
  a bit debatable ( especially czech republic which took in 12 refugees and only later on , due to events in europe refused any more ) , but i can agree with this , since it doesnt really change much in this discussion . 
  replying to your edit . 
  afaik the eu has not decided anything like that and austria is still legally required by this law to take migrants in . 
  maybe there are some negotiations going on between them , but thats just a wild guess . 
  maybe , when i say `` unspecified '' i mean it is not written down in any contract and was not agreed upon during the migrant quota deals . 
  we dont really know what the criteria is and the eu is not telling the truth/whole truth - they said the sanctions are for refusing the quotas , but then we have the problem with austria ( and i think slovakia ) . 
  similarly , when i say subjective . 
  the criteria isnt based on any deal , any contract . 
  as far as we know its based on a subjective opinion that : x should be punished for y ( not for breaking a rule , which would be objective since this was agreed upon , but for other unclear reasons like `` refusal '' ) , while also taking in other - unknown conditions ( like for austria ) . 
   by the way i agree with you that every state have to be treated equally . 
  im glad we could find some mutual ground , 
   just pointing out that we do n't have all the facts . 
  thats the problem , we dont know what subjective criteria the eu is using . 
  dont you think they should be clear about that ? 
  i think this is premature and they should wait till september when this programme ends . 
  they would have all the facts then ( who took in how many , etc ) . 
  from what we do know , i think the eu is being unfair ( again ) with this made up ( not specified in any deal ) criteria . 
   um , you kinda forgot to address the `` take pride i breaking treaties '' part i didnt . 
  i said that is a very subjective criteria that wasnt in any of the migrant quota deals . 
  its not specified anywhere , if you can use a criteria like this , that was pulled out of thin air , you might as well just use the criteria : countries that start with the letter __ . 
  i see that the pride part is the main factor for you , but again - it is not objective , its not something that is really a metric , unlike migrant quotas , amount taken in , etc. 
  for me it is not important in this discussion since it is not part of the deal . 
   this is just a form of payment . 
  according to the treaties fine , but treat everyone equally . 
  poland , czech republic and hungary should be sanctioned for not following the rule ( taking in agreed amount of migrants ) ? 
  ok , what about almost all of the eu countries , that are not following this rule ? 
  poland , czech republic and hungary should be sanctioned for refusing to follow the rule ? 
  fine , what about austria ( i think slovakia is in a similar situation ) , they also did this ( [ 0 taken in this programme ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/20170613_factsheet_relocation_and_resettlement_en.pdf ) , [ refused to take them in ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/28/austria-refuses-take-refugees-stalled-eu-scheme/ ) ) ... as you can see we dont even know what specific criteria the eu is using , its not clearly stated anywhere and it is completely subjective - that is my problem . 
  this is not the first time some countries can break rules and some countries cant . 
  no , my position is everyone should be treated equally .
