god damn ninjas ... 
   personally i agree with you that desecrating any flag should be legal . 
  even if its not your ( as in ownership , not nationality ) flag ? 
  i appreciate the sentiment , but the problem is - this is done by politicians , politicians dont do anything out of love . 
   have we all given too much power to the eu . 
  yes ... 
  this is a pretty vague description between the petitioner , the commission and the government . 
  it only states :  it is scheduled for adoption in 2011 and will be binding from 2012 for ten years . 
  was it adopted ? 
  i couldnt find what the supposed quota is . 
  politics ... 
  while that is true , using the logic of the `` total opposition '' that kukiz15 is pis lapdog/puppet/etc ( to be clear , i disagree with their opinion on this ) . 
  it would only be fair to count them together , iirc they did this in the past when it suited them ( po/n still had more ) . 
  that being said , i rarely read gw so i cant really say if gw presents them this way or not . 
  pointless ... polls 2 years before elections are worthless . 
  meaning anything and everything can change in 2 years and the polls themselves arent very reliable . 
  so if i understand this correctly , the ban is for any logging in the bialowieza forest ? 
  that seems extreme since parts of it have been logged ... since forever . 
  if its suddenly an issue now ( since pis tripled the logging ) , why not make them return to the previous level of logging that wasnt seen as a problem ? 
  theoretically yes , but in our current system there is a rather large `` barrier '' of entry . 
  basically calling bullshit , they were protecting the protesters and the vips ( main politicians and organizers ) . 
  i agree with the first part , but imo the eu lost its moral high ground when they treat countries unevenly . 
  if it was about breaking the treaty , then why are 3 countries being singled out when almost the whole eu is breaking that treaty ( only about 15 % migrants have been resettled so far in this 2 year programme that ends in a couple months ) . 
  the eu is using an unclear criteria ( not stated anywhere in the migrant quota deal ) of `` refusing to take in migrants '' . 
  but even thats not the whole truth , since austria was in the same boat as the other 3 when this started - they took in 0 migrants in this programme and refused to do so . 
  i understand that austria already took in a lot of migrants , but that is a subjective and unclear criteria that is not part of this treaty . 
  its sad that im not 100 % sure if this is / s or not . 
  ive genuinely spoken with people who think along these lines ... 
  i have no clue how many were this time , im speaking in general - organizers and pro-march politicians/media will naturally inflate the actual number , while anti-march politicians/media will deflate the number . 
  im guessing he is referring to the overestimation of protesters in poland . 
  for example the `` famous '' quarter million kod march from 1-2 years ago . 
  the organizers and town hall ( opposition politicians ) were saying there were about 250k people , the police said about 60k . 
  later the pro-opposition media were laughing at anyone who dared to question 250k ... until they counted by themselves and got about 65k protesters . 
  i understand both sides overestimate the numbers for their marches but it gets ridiculous when the estimates differ by so much . 
  what starts ? 
  for some - yes , for others it would be seen negatively ( like / u/nieuchwytnyuchwyt said ) . 
  i would say the president doesnt care much about eu support , his main focus is on the citizen 's support , since its the people that will or will not vote for him in the next elections . 
  the veto can be overruled , but that requires 3/5 votes , which pis does not have . 
  it doesnt seem that pis plans to gather the votes from other parties , they most likely will continue the reform with the president . 
  the main `` problem '' is that pis is doing this , in poland there is a `` total opposition '' that criticizes and over dramatizes everything pis says and does . 
  unfortunately due to this , the valid criticism is often loss . 
  there are a couple actual problems , like in the beginning pis wanting a regular majority in parliament to be able to chose the judges ( pis could do this by themselves ) , however this has been fixed with the president 's changes - 3/5 votes being required . 
  hopefully he will follow through on this . 
  his suggested requirement of 3/5 votes is definitely in the right direction . 
  the problem is - why ? 
  its a powerful political tool , why would anyone willingly get rid of it ? 
  here we go again ... 
  `` they see me rollin , they hatin '', 
  ... and they were never heard from again . 
  that about sums it up . 
  you just had to go fur the pun ... 
  ** he 's a mad man !, 
  i think not !, 
  i would appreciate a little more info on this . 
  according to the article ( and google translate ) they planned on presenting this bill to the cabinet on 21st of june - did that happen and was it passed ? 
  also , you mention adding this to the constitution . 
  iirc in france that has to be approved by a referendum or with at least 3/5 majority votes from congress . 
  is that right , if so will the french government have that high support for this ? 
  absolutely stunning . 
  location ? 
  double pun in the title , bravo , 
  there has been some drama with it over the years , but nothing to major . 
  it was put there in 1997 by 2 members of parliament at night without any permission to do so . 
  the part of this story i like is that the main opposition of this action was the party sld , they made a formal complaint about it , but they criticized mainly how this was done ( without permission , etc ) . 
  they basically stated `` it would be horrible for our country , if this caused a political war about symbols , that overshadowed what really matters - discussing the future of poland '' . 
  i honestly dont know if any of our current politicians would have said something like this , they would just use it in their political games . 
  favorite 2 comments of the day . 
  thats the thing , according to the police that never happened ( [ source ] ( http://lubelska.policja.gov.pl/lub/aktualnosci/69333,oswiadczenie-komendy-wojewodzkiej-policji-w-lublinie.html ) in polish ) . 
  they say there was a language barrier , but thats about it , no one reported this to any police station . 
  of course - the investigation is needed , but i think its fairly easy to check if someone came to a police station or not . 
   i think there is indeed a criminal indent . 
  i 'm sure you would for example make sure that no police is around before you do something like this . 
  or would you spit on them in front of an officer ? 
  and if you see the cameras : you also would avoid them . 
  it 's still a spontaneous decision . 
  however , you 're half right . 
  all we can say here is : there is no conclusive proof for any of the statements we have right now . 
  if i saw a police officer or camera , then that would indeed make me stop , however i most likely wouldnt be looking around for that since i can only imagine this as a spontaneous act . 
  seeing camera/police would be by chance , not a conscious effort on my side . 
   yes , we need to wait . 
  thats all . 
  but we also should n't completely deny the possibility by calling it fake news . 
  while i dont like the term `` fake news '' ( used on either side ) , this is a `` he said , she said '' situation and no matter what the truth is and what the investigation shows , the damage has been done . 
   the police assumes only based on the interview and where they met with the girls . 
  let 's not forget : the police were not able to understand them . 
  so how do they know where to look ? 
  their own press release was based on this interviews not on direct contact with the girls . 
  fair enough , but them not reporting this to any police station later on doesnt help either . 
   if you live in a town you know where the cameras are . 
  this does not need a mastermind . 
  if you see a camera directed at you and plan to spit them in their face , would n't you wait until they are out of sight ? 
  this might just be me , but no - i honestly have no clue where most cctv cameras are and i doubt that is the first thing that comes to someones mind when they want to spit on someone . 
  i imagine doing something like this is very reactionary , a split second decision , not something you `` plan '' . 
  if i wanted to mug someone , then sure , but thats completely different . 
   btw . 
  : i just looked on recent images of `` lithuania sqare '' in lublin . 
  i found not a single one with a camera on the street . 
  so if there are some , they are most certainly not everywhere . 
  even though i lived in lublin for several years , i have no clue how many there are - not something i really focused on . 
  but lack of photographic evidence does not prove anything ,
