  use a objective and clear criteria ( the actual migrant quota deal ) - you either fulfill your contract or you dont . 
  so basically wait until september when this programme ends and then either punish everyone ( poland , hungary , czech republic included ) who has breached this deal or dont punish anyone . 
  that is the only fair way , using a unspecified and subjective criteria like the eu is doing now , is wrong . 
  but right now you are discussing it with me , not the general drift of the comments , so it is pointless/unfair to bring that up , since my stance is quite clear and the opposite of that . 
   an exception is made for certain countries because , heck i do n't even know ... 
  funny you mention exception , since the eu actually did this - made an exception for austria since they [ havent taken in any migrants in this programme ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/20170613_factsheet_relocation_and_resettlement_en.pdf ) and also [ refused to take them in ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/28/austria-refuses-take-refugees-stalled-eu-scheme/ ) ( just like poland ) . 
  so what is your stance ? 
  do you agree with ** only ** punishing these 3 countries ? 
   i 'm still not sure . 
  which is the unspeficied criteria ? 
  exactly  the criteria that said poland , czech republic and hungary should be sanctioned for not following the rule ( taking in agreed amount of migrants ) , while other countries are also not following that rule , the criteria that said poland , czech republic and hungary should be sanctioned for refusing to follow the rule , while austria ( i think slovakia is in a similar situation ) also did this but is ok . 
  it is unspecified because we have to guess what the actual criteria is , it is not written down in any deal and we have to add conditions ourselves for it to make any sense ( like with austria ) . 
  stop lying , i never said any of that . 
  my whole point is treat everyone equally and punish all countries ( poland , czech republic , hungary included ) that breached their contract or dont punish any . 
  that is the only fair criteria . 
  you should either show me where i said anything like what you said ( `` being special '' , `` punish others but not me '' ) or apologize for making up total bs . 
  the problem is - where did this criteria come from ? 
  its not in any of the deals , that means it is subjective . 
  it is also unclear , for example , austria has [ taken in 0 migrants in this programme ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/20170613_factsheet_relocation_and_resettlement_en.pdf ) and [ have refused to take in any ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/28/austria-refuses-take-refugees-stalled-eu-scheme/ ) . 
  i guess in this unspecified criteria they have an exemption for some reason . 
  where does it say anything like that in the migrant quota deal ? 
  who gets to decide this unspecified criteria ? 
  glad we could have this civil discussion , its quite rare , 
  not about the rules , since almost no one is following this one , only about 15 % have been resettled so far and there are only a couple months left in this 2 year programme . 
  if it was about the rules , everyone would be treated equally : you fulfill your side of the deal - good , you dont fulfill it - bad ( punishment ) . 
  instead , they are using a subjective and unclear criteria . 
  what about the rest ( almost everyone ) that dont comply with this eu policy by not taking in the agreed amount ? 
  be fair and treat everyone equally - either punish everyone in september who hasnt fulfilled their contract ( taken in their share ) or no one . 
  instead of using a subjective and unclear criteria that wasnt in the deal . 
  thats debatable ( but a completely different topic ) . 
  we are talking specifically about migrant quota . 
  punish us for not taking in the agreed amount ( our responsibility ) - fine , but then lets be fair and treat everyone equally , by punishing everyone who hasnt taken in the agreed amount ( their responsibility ) . 
  otherwise they are using a subjective criteria pulled out of their ass ( not from any of the migrant quota deals ) . 
   and no it is n't about punishing nor persecuting perceived evil , it is about punishing treaty breakers who take pride in breaking treaties they and their nation have greatly benefited from . 
  which is , indeed , super fair . 
  if its about treaty breakers - then almost everyone should be punished since they are also breaking the treaty , by not taking in the agreed amount or are we using a subjective criteria that was not stated anywhere - `` who take pride in breaking treaties '' . 
   their nation have greatly benefited from get off your high horse , if you believe the `` west '' is giving out free money out of the goodness of their hearts you are naive . 
  there is nothing free in business and politics . 
  both sides greatly benefit from the eu expansion , if that wasnt the case , we never would have been able to join in the first place . 
  well , it already is since it is singling out a couple countries when almost everyone is not fulfilling their responsibilities ( taking in the agreed amount ) . 
  that they are not treating everyone equally , since almost no one is fulfilling this contract . 
  rules ( in this case contracts ) dont work that way - you breached a contract but you tried really really hard so its ok . you either fulfill a contract or you dont , there is no middle ground . 
  the eu is using a unfair criteria that wasnt written down anywhere . 
  unless you are suggesting that in september when this programme ends similar repercussions will be for other countries that didnt fulfill their contract ( almost every one ) ? 
  how xenophobic and `` uneuropean like '' of you . 
  so you agree this has nothing to do with following the rules , just some subjective way to `` punish the evil cee '' , that sounds super fair ... 
   it was very stupid of those countries to vote in favour of a system that opens for said quota system to be passed , if they never had any intentions of honoring the deal . 
  but they didnt - czech republic and hungary voted against this . 
  poland voted for it ( previous government ) and if the previous government was still in power , poland would have taken them in against pole 's will . 
   this will definintely give conspiracy theorists and eu sceptics some new ammunition . 
  its not really a conspiracy theory , just that they are using a subjective and unspecified criteria for punishment instead of fair and clear - following the rule ( fulfilling the contract ) , which almost no eu country has done ( only about 15 % have been resettled so far and the 2 year programme ends in september ) . 
  of course we are not giving anything back , the eu is giving out free money out of the goodness of their hearts ... / s there is nothing free in business and politics , do you really think its not a beneficial ( financially included ) deal for both sides ? 
  if it wasnt we wouldnt have been able to join in the first place . 
   abide to the rules . 
  do n't like it ? 
  leave . 
  just like the uk did . 
  too bad not everyone has to abide by the rules . 
  not to even mention when countries like germany and france didnt follow specific rules , but lets look at this rule - migrant quotas . 
  almost every eu country isnt following this rule since they have not fulfilled their contract by not taking in the agreed amount of migrants - so far only about 15 % has been resettled and this programme ends in september . 
  but hey , who cares about actually following the rules when you can use a subjective and unspecified criteria , that seems very fair ...  bullies like orban anyway . 
  thats cute - orban is the bully ... 
  its not about the law , its about some unspecified , unclear and subjective criteria , instead of using the clear law - who fulfilled their contract and who didnt , but that would require punishing almost everyone . 
  technically true , since its a lot easier and faster for the ukraines to get a working visa in poland than asylum . 
  im in no way saying we took a million ukraine refugees , just that there are more than the stats show . 
  so the eu is using some unclear and unspecified criteria for who to punish , what a surprise ... instead of maybe the fair solution - who fulfilled their legal contract and who didnt , but that would require to punish almost everyone . 
  no prob , have a good night . 
  in the middle between the government and the total opposition . 
  some times they agree , some times they disagree with the government/total opposition . 
  a lot of hard ( sad ) truths like having to pick a side ( your either with the government/opposition or you are against them ) , two groups living in parallel realities , overestimating the impact of politics and hyperbole dominates language . 
  imo there are some wide generalizations like with the fallacies . 
  are they really used that much in polish discussion ( compared to everyone else ) ? 
  imo 3a and 3b are the weakest points . 
  3a - hypocrisy is called out because its bad , because its used to show someone isnt objective/truthful ( this is used to oppose - `` narratives are fluid , facts easily switch sides '' ) . 
  3b - sure , changing opinions sometimes is seen as a weakness , but i think most often its due to politicians doing it for political gain . 
  for example when you are in the opposition you say one thing , when you are in power you say the opposite . 
  its not really changing your mind , just saying what is convenient at the time and place . 
  true , we have 1 party that is trying to do this - kukiz15 , they have constantly about 10 % support . 
  they get shit on for everything . 
  if they agree with the government on something - they are pis lackeys , if they disagree with the government they are `` just as bad as the rest , total opposition '' . 
  it seems the eu only cares about gestures , not upholding deals , since they are going after countries that out right refused to take in migrant quotas ( even though only about 15 % migrants have been resettled and there are only a couple months left in this 2 year plan ) . 
  other then suing the eu , has slovakia out right refused to take in migrants ( like poland , hungary and czech republic ) ? 
   eu law knows probably something similar - agency cant made final decision if issue is waiting for decision of higher institution or court . 
  and slovakia is doing this by suing eu over immigration quotas . 
  i dont know if that is the case , since hungary also filed a case against the eu , but still is being targeted without a decision being made by the eu court . 
  i dont know if you saw my comment to spirit_inc , but the majority of poles want a nuclear power plant in poland . 
  a poll from january showed 64 % support this . 
  there is an increasing trend in wanting nuclear power . 
  sad but true , its the same for any form of abuse really . 
  im just curious what is the thought process behind that statement . 
  i just hope its not `` racist ! '', 
  or anything like that ... 
   hmm , never said that . 
  maybe , but thats what it comes off as . 
  admittedly , i might have become over sensitive about this , since i see that narrative constantly on r/europe ( which is quite annoying ) . 
   and yeah , i always thought poland was a pro-eu country , untill you guys elected pis with a huge majority . 
  that does n't help much to be honest . 
  it still is, 
  while that is true , you can use that excuse against anything . 
  most of them are `` total opposition '' and will criticize ( go ape shit crazy ) everything pis does .
