  and who gets to decide that number . 
  is there a % that has to be fulfilled to be `` ok '' ? 
  i dont know the exact specifics , but so far this has not stopped refugees from leaving and going to countries like germany . 
  in that case i completely disagree with you . 
  if its about not fulfilling a legal contract/deal then treat everyone equally . 
  the important thing is ** if ** you keep your side of the deal , not intentions . 
  just like it doesnt matter if you are late for a bus 1 minute or 5 minutes - the end result is the same . 
  in this case you did n't fulfill the agreement . 
  imo in legal deals like this , there is no space for motivations or nonobjective factors . 
  so how many refugees does poland have to take for it to be `` ok '' and who gets to decide that ... 1 ? 
  iirc according to this deal the migrants should be resettled in a couple months ( by september ? ) . 
  so far 15 % in almost 2 years doesnt sound promising . 
  you cant fulfill a deal in x % , you either do or you dont . 
  do you think other countries that dont take in all the migrants they agreed to by september , should also be punished ? 
  but if its about upholding deals , then why are these countries being singled out . 
  only about 15 % migrants have been resettled in this programme , almost every eu country hasnt upheld the deal . 
  that hasnt really been the case so far . 
  for example there have been cases of refugees leaving czech republic to germany , being caught in germany but still got to stay and get asylum there . 
  i dont see why this approach would suddenly change . 
  the thing is , i would be happy for poland to pay to help italy/greece , be it financial/personnel/etc aid , but im not happy to have to pay as a punishment for something almost the whole eu is doing , which doesnt really solve anything . 
  while technically the title is correct ( the police did that , the protesters are anti-kaczynski ) , its still clickbaity as fuck . 
  i guess - `` polish police forcibly remove anti-kaczynski protesters that illegally try to stop a registered demonstration . '', 
  just doesnt sound the same ... 
   i commented on how immediately comaparsion to previous government was brought up on topic not directly related to it . 
  i disagree , as i pointed out its related directly . 
  someone brought up state media as a factor that should be considered . 
  state media always have been a problem ( pro-government ) , so pointing out that both the current and previous government did this is relevant . 
   did n't vote for rulling party back then , nor for current one . 
  me neither . 
  never have , never will . 
   i feel very strongly that democracy ( especially mentioned tc and state media ) in poland are way worse off after follwing 2015 elections . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  imo its pretty much the same as it was . 
  while some things are worse now , other are better . 
  for example , even though pis took over state media faster than previously , the end result is the same pro-government public media . 
  one could even argue that the media situation is better now then previously . 
  before public media were pro-government and most popular private media were also pro-government , now public media are pro-government and most popular private media are anti-government . 
  there is a wider spectrum of news coverage now than before . 
   by whataboutism but thats the thing , its not whataboutism when you are comparing a time frame of the current and previous governments . 
  i agree that , bringing up the bad things that po did as an excuse for pis doing bad things is idiotic . 
  however , it has sense when comparing the two , for showing hypocrisy of each others actions ( po did something then and criticize pis now for doing the same thing , and vice-versa ) , for showing media / `` experts '' bias when they react completely different to the same/similar actions done by `` our side '' and `` their side '' , etc. 
  i think the state media thing is a perfect example . 
  just because previous governments did this , does not excuse pis also doing it - its still wrong . 
  but the reactions arent anywhere comparable . 
  before it was more or less `` normal '' to do so , but now we are basically north korea , russia , turkey , etc. 
  the eu did n't care then , but they care now , which to me shows their concerns arent genuine . 
  uhhh ... how else would you like to check the changes in the last 10 years if not by comparing what is happening now to what happened before ? 
  only about 15 % has been resettled in this programme . 
  yea , it seems they have `` mixed '' cars and `` women only '' cars . 
  that doesnt seem as bad ( or bad at all ) than having only `` men '' cars and `` women '' cars . 
  interesting , thanks for the info . 
  i seat what you did there ... 
  do they ? 
  ive never been , but i remember seeing different travel videos/vlogs from japan and they were always `` mixed '' . 
  afaik the doctor visit is free with insurance , but the issue is - it takes too long to get in front of a doctor ( like you pointed out ) . 
  imo making it `` behind-the-counter '' would be more appropriate . 
  nah , we dont use q or x either . 
  the c + z combo works though . 
  how is that an excuse ? 
  you said : `` there are rules , if you do n't follow them you get sanctions . '', 
  so why is v4 being singled out , when other countries are also not following these rules ? 
  archer ? 
   we 're currently working on a solution for the migrant influx which is ... ? 
  what about other countries ? 
  afaik only about 15 % has been resettled in this program , that means not only v4 are following this rule ? 
  sure thing - my bad . 
  hope thats more clear . 
  gratitude ? 
  the deal is beneficial for both sides , we are not getting money for free . 
  i may be misinterpreting this , but it sounds a bit arrogant - just be grateful you are getting money . 
  lets say you own a shop . 
  when somebody buys something from you , should you be grateful they gave you money ? 
  you know that we have our own money , right ? 
  you strongly overestimate how much we receive versus our own government budget . 
  that being said , i personally do n't like how close business ties we have with the usa . 
  i think he was refering to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_iii_of_france ) : `` on returning to france , henry wanted to order the construction of such facilities at the louvre and other palaces . 
  other inventions introduced to the french by the polish included a bath with regulated hot and cold water , as well as forks . '', 
  but i agree - just why would you bring something like this up ... 
  sadly no , but that would be quite interesting . 
  if you see/find anything like that , let me know - i would appreciate it . 
  of course not , but one does not exclude the other . 
  well , they are . 
  this is a single element in something much more complex . 
  deals ( like the eu expansion ) are done so both sides benefit . 
  if it wasnt good for germany and france , countries like poland never would have got the chance to join . 
  i believe its from 2010-2014 ( total of 5 year period ) . 
   but yeah , it was a big blow in the face of france , and europe in general to cancel the helicopter contract that was already signed and where airbus was already commiting ressources to deliver . 
  was it ? 
  afaik it was late stages of negotiations , not a done ( signed ) deal . 
   on top they decided to buy american weapons instead . 
  well , they are also a strategic partner , more then i personally would like , but still ...  and now , look what would happen if russia was to interfere with poland , the us would not lift a finger ... not so sure about this , especially since there are actual us troops in poland . 
  did you just assume my gender  but seriously , disagreeing with something does not equal complaining . 
   because they see how much money poland is getting and they themselves do n't see these kind of quantum leaps mirrored in their salaries/every day life expenses . 
  this may be a factor for some , but i doubt its the main reason . 
  imo , more often than not , its simply annoying attitudes like : `` we are paying you , do what we say '' or `` you are getting soooo much free money , just sit quiet '' . 
  so you honestly believe we are getting free money ? 
  come on now , nothing is free in business and politics , especially at the highest level . 
  [ this ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5spqoax.png?1 ) edit : data from 2010-2014 ( total of 5 year period ) . 
  fair enough .
