  fair enough , i agree that its to pis 's advantage to discredit any protest organised by the opposition , but that does n't mean their criticism is n't valid , the same way the opposition criticizing pis is good for them , but that does n't necessarily mean it is n't valid . 
  the truth is they will always attack each other , sometimes with merit , sometimes without , so its a good approach to always be skeptical towards politics and media - no matter the side . 
   like ways in which pis tried to make the tusk vote a victory for them ... 
  honestly , i think they were in a lose-lose situation . 
  they could n't back tusk because of all the baggage they have with him , but they also knew he would be chosen . 
  that being said , i think they made the wrong choice with that . 
  then im surprised a bit . 
  i know google translate isnt super reliable , but that article you gave doesnt seem to say anything bad about the protesters . 
  am i missing something ( lost in translation ) ? 
  sad but true :(, 
  no , he is the leader of pis ( the ruling party ) , [ she ] ( https://www.premier.gov.pl/files/styles/width798/public/images/wydarzenia/glowbr.jpg?itok=wexwdn6u ) is our prime minister, 
  while im not a fan of pis or tvp , its reasonable enough for them to treat this ( present it ) as a failure . 
  the police estimates 12 000 people took part in the march . 
  taking into account the effort the opposition put into it ( paid transport , media coverage , social media , etc ) , 12 000 isnt great . 
  now , that doesnt mean its insignificant , imo every protest ( if i agree with it or not ) is valid . 
  yea ... no , thats not true , check your facts first . 
  we are not anti-eu - not our society , not our government . 
   jesus , there really are people like you out there who would support the government getting rid of democracy in this country , and spread false information ... 
  i actully dont support pis , i never have and never will vote for them , but i disagree with presenting them as evil incarnated . 
   info on when pis held a vote without the opposition in the room because the opposition chose not take part in the voting , they continued the blocking of the main room , which i might add was illegal . 
   pis takes over the tribunal , shitting on the constitution imo all sides are at fault : po , pis and even the constitution ( poorly written ) . 
   pis attacks freedom of press , by limiting the number of reports who are allowed to cover parliament literally hitler ... pis has done a lot of bad stuff , but why add lies and unnecessary hyperboles that only weaken the argument against them . 
  power - sure , but cash ? 
  kaczynski has been living in the same small apartment most of his life , i dont think he is interested in money . 
  you are the one spreading propaganda : they did not have votes behind closed doors - part of the opposition was there , the rest simply didnt want to take part in the voting , working and voting at night isnt anything new and the opposition takes part in this . 
  regarding the cc i understand you think that when the vast majority ( around 12 out of 15 ) were chosen by po the court is neutral , but when pis chooses a couple then its all theirs ... 
   i know po have done similar things , but it seems the purge of the opposition from all state media was quite significant . 
  not really , the end result is the same - pro government public media . 
  one could argue that even if its more significant now , its still a better ( more plurality ) situation because the main private media are anti government so both sides are relativly strony , during the previous government public media were pro government and the main private media were also pro government . 
  this is a huge simplification , but the point is the situation with media/freedom of speech now and then are no different . 
  that being said , of course having pro-government public media is bad and should not keep happening . 
  theres a big chance its not a huge understatement . 
  according to the police , later on their were around 12 000 people . 
  do you mean poland in general or the protesters ? 
  its neither , its basically an anti-pis march . 
  police estimates : the march started off with 9 000 people , later on their were 12 000 people in the march . 
  town hall ( same political party that organized this march ) : the march started off with 50 000 people , later 90 000 people . 
  a couple politicians taking part in the march stated there were over 100 000 people . 
  taking into account previous marches and estimates , imo the police estimates are much closer to the truth . 
  we are not getting money for free , it isnt out of the goodness of eus heart . 
  afaik the only help poland has refused was taking in migrants , their are other ways of helping . 
  why force them to live in poland when they also dont want to , this isnt even a solution to the problem . 
  it doesnt make any sense . 
  rubbish , that has nothing to do with it . 
  tusk is basically kaczynski 's arch rival from back in the days . 
  with all the baggage they have with each other , pis couldnt support tusk . 
  they were in a lose-lose situation . 
  checkmate atheists !, 
   they supposedly all get back less than what they pay in `` supposedly '' being the key word , 
  while i agree with what you are saying , i think that if they wont treat their voters seriously , then there is no reason for the voters to treat them seriously . 
  plus i really have a bad opinion about our `` elites '' so that also factors into me not trusting them . 
   instead of religion we should have economy classes in primary schools totally agree , there is a lot of stuff that should be and isnt . 
  even something so basic like first aid should be taught and repeated every year . 
  doesnt ring a bell ... 
   it 's a testament to the absolute stupidity of their supporters that pis and orban were able to frame everyone who opposes them as somehow pro-migrant quotas . 
  not true at all . 
  but thats beside my point . 
  as i mentioned in anoter post , the thing is eu `` cares '' about our democracy when its convenient , other times they dont give a flying fuck what people in poland want . 
   oh you do n't like how we 're taking control of public broadcasting , politicising the civil service , neutering the judiciary , passing budgets in complete secrecy , burying judicial reviews we do n't like and calling all our opponents traitors who want to destroy poland ? 
  why do want polish women to be raped by syrian immigrants ???? 
  calm down ...  migrant quotas are n't even a thing anymore . 
  even the original , modest proposal has been dead for years . 
  how long will the denser segment of polish society allow them to milk this ? 
  oh really ? 
  thats why every now and again it keeps popping up , i think the most recent was austria about a month ago , threating to cut eu budget . 
   yeah , estimating population of a crowd is not an easy task . 
  true , but still overestimating by 300-400 % is pretty bad ( disingenuous estimate ) . 
   they 'd be much more accurate if we required protesters to register or maybe have police write down their names why the sarcasm ? 
  no one is proposing that . 
  from what reddit has `` taught me '' i should yell out strawman right now ... but i wont , 
   well i am curious on how you supposedly did not agree to it . 
  the eu is using a legal framework to distribute those refugees . 
  it 's not something they 've suddenly come up with . 
  in the sense that it wasnt part of the deal when we signed up to the eu . 
   i also think different times can change what we value most at that given point in time . 
  democracy , solidarity etc are all important but the situation could demand that one of those gets priority . 
  true , but thats awfully convenient for the eu ( any group really ) , to be able to `` justify '' whatever they want . 
  well , this isnt really something that can be proved , but take for example po approach to 500 + . 
  first they say there is no money , it will ruin the budget , etc , but later on they say , not only do they plan to maintain it but increase its range . 
  that doesnt really build confidence in them . 
  to be exact - that police estimate was about the beginning of the march . 
  afaik they havent given any new updates yet . 
  i disagree to this idea that we agreed to taking in migrants when joining the eu but ive had this discussion so many times i dont really want to do it again . 
  my point was more that the eu sometimes juggles what is most important when its convenient to them - democracy ( power of the people ) , `` eu values '' , solidarity , etc. 
  for example : stenny007 said its about democracy , but in the case of migrants - its not important anymore what people want . 
  i can only guess that he got that number from the police estimate i mentioned . 
  i wouldnt take to seriously the town hall 's estimates . 
  the famous `` quarter million march '' comes to mind ... 
  true , it is quite easy to manipulate these types of things ( my favorite [ example ] ( http://www.fronda.pl/site_media/media/uploads/article/petrumanipulacja2.jpg ) ) , but generally speaking these types of protest have a lot of older people ( nothing wrong with this ) , i think / u/hipokryzja summed it up pretty well :  to be fair , it 's not a secret that younger people ( especially in poland ) are n't very involved in politics and that pensioners generally have more time to go on various marches due to , well , not being a part of the workforce anymore . 
  depends who you ask . 
  according to the police at the start their were 9000 , according to town hall 50 000 . 
  later on , the town hall claims there are 90 000 people in the march . 
  i havent seen any police updates . 
  yea , i can see how trying to force migrant quotas on poland against the people 's will is so pro-democratic . 
  there is no `` media restriction '' , while its true public media are pro-government that has sadly always been the case . 
  the private media are free to do and say what they want . 
  the problem is most of the opposition doesnt know what to do . 
  for example the 500 + program that pis introduced . 
  po was shouting from the heavens there is no money for it , but later said they want to increase the program ( even more money would be required ) . 
  as i said in another comment , there is absolutely nothing wrong with this , but stating this fact doesnt make someone a shill .
