  what they just hate nature ? 
  political ? 
  this can only hurt them politically . 
  economical ? 
  there is no reason to introduce any sort of risk when we have plenty of trees/forests to log . 
  why is it so hard to believe , that just maybe it is about protecting the primeval forest ? 
  i may be wrong , but since you cant point to a single alternate motivation , it just looks like your not being objective and your judgement is clouded . 
  i think thats the root of the problem . 
  cant you see he planted his feet in the ground and wont change his beleaf . 
  he really should branch out a bit ... 
   protected areas have buffer zones around it which are vital part of the area 's ecosystem . 
  honestly , i dont know where the primeval part buffer zone starts and where in relation to that the cut down trees are . 
  but the fact is that the primeval and protected part is not being logged . 
  while 80-150 year old trees may not be very common , they are not in any way primeval and the eu should have no say what we do with regular ( not primeval , not protected , etc ) trees . 
   i do n't know enough about polish politics to answer that because the reason is clearly political . 
  it 's not about preserving the nature anyway . 
  imo saying - its clearly political , but i dont know why - doesnt make much sense . 
  if its so obvious , it should be easy to point out the reason . 
  i honestly cant see what they would have to gain politically by doing this . 
  it can only hurt them . 
  usually if you dont know what something is about , its about money , but i dont think that is the case either , we have plenty of forest/trees for logging - it wouldnt be worth the hassle . 
  the cut down trees are n't in the primeval part . 
  or are you changing your mind again ? 
  not to mention you ignoring everything else . 
  but they are not touching the primeval part , only cutting down infested trees around that area . 
  the cut down trees are in no way special ( iirc they are about 100-150 years ) . 
  what do you think the excuse is for ? 
  what is their `` hidden '' motivation ? 
  who ? 
  well you should know who you are talking about in your own comments ...  no , they are not cutting the trees in the oldest part yet . 
  so your previous comment `` yeah , surely , that 's why eu is intervening . '', 
  which implies they are - is bullshit . 
  you keep talking about facts , but the fact is so far they havent done this and there arent any plans to do this , so your `` yet '' is meaningless . 
   but it already will interfere with ecosystem of the primeval part as it obviously connected . 
  and thats where the opinions differ - to take the risk and leave the forest alone or to protect it by indirectly `` influencing '' it . 
   yeah , sure , eu has nothing better to do than to go on power trips towards our government . 
  lmao . 
  what makes you think politicians on the highest level ( eu ) wont resort to political moves ? 
  they didnt get there by being pure and nobel . 
  just like the eu wouldnt act like a jealous ex-gf towards the uk , right ? 
  oh wait ...  those that there is even no proof that cutting will help to fight the outbreak of the beetle . 
  but for sure it will interfere in natural ecosystem of primeval forest . 
  those 2 `` facts '' contradict each other . 
  if cutting down trees wont stop the beetle outbreak , then it wont effect the natural ecosystem in any way ( the beetles will still get to the primeval part ) . 
   which i have never done . 
  maybe not everyone , but this is quite common and you did say : `` they also send bunch of trolls , the guy you replied to is in all the topics about current government to defend them no matter what . '', 
  why is he a troll ? 
  just because he disagrees with some ridiculous statements about pis ? 
   yeah , surely , that 's why eu is intervening . 
  because they just dislike poland and everything is ok with cutting more and more trees around . 
  do you have any proof that the trees in the primeval part are being cut down ? 
  all the articles and comments ive seen talk about this ( trees being cut around the primeval part ) . 
  the eu doesnt hate poland , it `` hates '' our current government and will try to gain political points any way it can - this is quite standard with politics on the highest level . 
   ah right , it 's all opinions , scientific facts aside . 
  what scientific facts are you speaking of ? 
   it 's not about saving trees or whatever . 
  then what is it about ? 
  usually if you dont know what its about , its about money , but i dont see how that could be the case here - its not worth the hassle , we have plenty of forests/trees that can easily be logged . 
  what is their motivation ? 
  they just hate nature ? 
   the point of having a primeval forest is that it 's all natural , not influenced by humans , therefore presents tremendous scientific value . 
  and afaik they are not touching the primeval part of the forest , they are cutting trees around it , trees that are not in any way special . 
  for you , the risk might not be important , not worth indirectly `` influencing '' the forest , but for others it is . 
  you are not the grand authority on this , there are different opinions . 
  calling everyone who disagrees with you , a payed pis troll just make you look foolish . 
   and no one does that . 
  some definitely do . 
  its usually these kind of ridiculous claims that make me want to defend pis , even though i never was and never will be a pis voter . 
  it just annoys me hearing this type of shit , when there is some much valid things you can criticize pis for . 
  how in the world does that make any sense . 
  there is a problem `` x '' , how does saying - `` the government needs to solve x '' stop all discussions ? 
  not all responsibility , but most on the government since they have the most power and resources to solve problems . 
  you cant expect an average citizen to be able to solve problems , that the government and other major organisations are n't able to . 
  again , they are not pointless , at the least they raise awareness of certain problems . 
  so basically stick your head in the sand and pretend everything is a-okay . 
  its not pointless , it puts pressure on the government and other institutes to actually do something for the people ( if not only to improve their ratings ) . 
  it starts a discussion , it shows what problems there are . 
  keeping quiet just because you do n't personally know how to solve a problem is simply idiotic . 
  it is not your or mine job to solve large scale problems , it 's great if we can help with that , but there is a reason the government has power and resources that we dont . 
  so you can only criticize if you have a solution ? 
  i do n't understand this kind of thinking - do n't talk about world hunger since you do n't know how to solve it , do n't complain about corruption in politics since you do n't know how to keep politicians honest , etc. 
  also , its not the average joe 's job to solve these problems , that 's what the government and other institutions are for . 
  reece 's is love , reece 's is life ... 
    you are the one dismissing the factual analysis of a ( the only ) highly respected specialized and therefore relevant organization based on the fact that it does n't suit your narrative . 
  ok mr. facts , how many people took part in the poll ? 
   can you point out any international organization that analyses freedom of press and has not criticized the developments in poland ? 
  no , because i dont need international organisations to tell me what is happening in my own country , i can analyze and make my own conclusions . 
  a quick google search shows there arent many `` international organization that analyses freedom of press '' and i only saw this one that has a report for 2017 . 
  still waiting for those horrible acts ... since you havent pointed any out , it seems the only thing bringing down poland 's score is the poll which we know nothing about . 
  that is why i have no trust in it . 
  no , im dismissing it because we know next to nothing of how it was done , even the simplest thing of how many people took part in it . 
  i know it suits your narrative , but can you at least admit that is a problem ? 
   they literally point out which actions of the government are threatening the freedom of press ya dingus ... yeah ... like not continuing to subscribe and buy ads with the only side that , up until now was highly favored ... the horror !, 
  mind giving any examples as bad as the wprost incident ? 
  it has nothing to do about feels , it has to do with a supposed poll with 0 information on basic things like how many people took part in it . 
  the fact is without data like that , it is not reliable in any way . 
  other then the poll , they take into account : * violations of the free flow of information on the internet * violence against journalists , netizens , and media assistants nothing comes to mind for those 2 points , how about you ? 
  definitely not on the level of abw going into wprost and grabbing a laptop away from their journalist . 
  not trustworthy when they do n't answer simple questions like : who/how many/from where took part in the poll . 
  other then the poll , they take into account : * violations of the free flow of information on the internet * violence against journalists , netizens , and media assistants nothing comes to mind for those 2 points , how about you ?
