   also , where do you want to get fuel from ? 
  im in no way an expert on this , i was just pointing out that even though we may `` still remember chernobyl panic '' , our attitudes are changing and the majority of poles support nuclear power . 
  pathetic ... 
  why ? 
   they are directly helping you and hungary with their money , and you two are the most anti-eu countries right now , like seriously , what the fuck . 
  they are not helping out of the goodness of their heart , its a mutually beneficial deal , there is nothing free in business and politics . 
  i dont know the stats for hungary off the top of my head , but poland is one of the most pro-eu countries . 
  however , that does not mean we can not criticize it . 
  honestly , i hate this kind of attitude - you are getting money , sit quiet and do everything we tell you to . 
  not really , the support for nuclear power is increasing in poland . 
  iirc there was a poll this year that showed 61 % want a nuclear power plant to be built in poland . 
  while you are right that legally its not valid , it still shows the massive support against migrant quotas . 
  i really dont like these types of boycotts , even though its the `` smart '' thing to do , it seems wrong ( cheating the system ) . 
  i dont think there is any point in starting the guessing game - how many boycotted , etc. 
  the facts are hungarians were asked and 95 % were against quotas - simple . 
  we had a similar referendum boycott when donald tusk was still in power in poland , he straight up told people not to take part in a referendum about getting rid of warsaw 's president ( who was from his party ) . 
  the issue with `` 1 '' is that ** officially ** the vast majority of people from ukraine arent refugees , since they can get a visa much easier/faster than asylum status in poland . 
  `` 2 '' is problematic . 
  for example polish ngos brought over some syrian christian families that left for germany in the first week . 
  i think poland should find other ways of helping italy/greece , be it financial , personnel or other aid . 
  edit : formatting - just me being dumb with reddit, 
   but the whole idea of the regulation is to redistribute them , not caring about the country they applied for asylum at first or where they want to go . 
  but the fact is , they are not applying for asylum in poland , with or without the program . 
   why is that idea so wrong for you ? 
  is n't it actually a good idea that they are shared equally , depending on how well a country is doing and how many people life there ? 
  thats a very open question and a proper response would be too long ( sorry , i just cant be bothered to go over this for the 100th time ) , so ill just say there are many reasons and factors that make me think this idea is bad . 
  i know that sounds like a cop out , but as i said - i just cant keep discussing this over and over again , its too complex of a thing to just answer in a couple sentences . 
  the problem is when the eu gets to decide which rules have to be followed and which dont , who has to follow the rules and who doesnt . 
  lets not pretend everyone is treated equally and everyone who broke a rule was punished ( consequences ) . 
   that 's the excuse i always hear . 
  nonetheless there are more applications in even poorer countries then poland . 
  so i do n't buy that excuse . 
  like which countries ? 
  also , what excuse ? 
  are we supposed to round them up , bring them to poland and force them to apply for asylum ? 
   they even completely denied to try it . 
  i can understand why they are pissed off . 
  not really true , poland and hungary didnt refuse from the start , czech republic even took in a couple ( iirc 12 ) . 
  but im glad you can admit it isnt fair and subjective . 
  for example slovakia took in 16 but thats not a problem for the eu . 
   so do n't let it look like an accident , please . 
  poland even told us the reason why there are no refugees themself : its not an accident , its mainly about social benefits which poland has very low compared to germany/sweden . 
  that link is a reason why poland doesnt want to take in migrants , that is not why they dont want to come to poland . 
  there is a big difference . 
   if i 'm right those 47 are btw . 
  christian syrians . 
  no clue . 
  although a polish ngo did bring over a couple syrian christian families that after about a week ran away to germany . 
  again , you ignoring what i said and trying to switch topics how evil poland is , just proves my point ( since you cant refute it ) . 
  did you even read your sources ? 
  first link shows that they do not want asylum in countries like poland . 
  if you dont know why , i will give you a hint - social benefits . 
  second link shows that 47 from syria ( again , they dont want asylum here ) applied in poland and there was only 1 rejection . 
  wow , we are so `` unwilling '' that we refused 1 applicant - the horror !, 
  not really . 
  this of course is only my opinion , not something that can be checked/proved , but i dont see how this could play any meaningful role in eu country 's reluctance . 
  since the beginning the whole process has been slow going , criticized by many ( not only v4 ) , lacked public support , etc. 
  if its around 15 % complete now , what do you think it would have been , if countries like poland didnt out right refuse the quotas and only took a couple refugees ? 
  im guessing : maybe 1 % , maybe 2 % tops . 
  even if it was a little higher than that , its still a very subjective criteria to use for punishing these countries . 
   it was negotiated and agreed upon but now some countries will not follow the agreement . 
  some ? 
  so far only about 15 % migrants have been resettled in this programme and there are only a couple months left in this 2 year deal . 
  all most every eu country hasnt followed the agreement ( not taken in the areed amount ) , lets not pretend its only these 3 evil countries . 
  i know , but that is a subjective criteria . 
  it is not fair , because nothing like that was specified , who gets to decide this is a good enough reason for punishment ? 
  there are countless different criteria you could use . 
  you ignoring the whole point that this punishment is completely subjective and isnt about fulfilling agreements , just proves that it is not fair . 
  and ? 
  motivations dont matter in legal deals . 
  you either fulfill an agreement or you dont , there is no middle ground . 
  it would be fair and clear if it was about the migrant quota deal - you take in the assigned amount - good , you dont - bad ( punishment ) . 
  in this case its neither fair or clear , because who gets to decide what is ok and what isnt . 
  if poland didnt out right disagree with this deal and only took in 1 refugee would that be ok ? 
  what about 10 ? 
  that is not specified anywhere in the deal . 
  but its not , why are only these 3 countries being singled out , when almost everyone hasnt kept their side of the deal ? 
  thats the thing , its not about the migrant quota agreement . 
  if it was , then every country that hasnt kept their side of the deal , would be punished . 
  instead we only have 3 countries being singled out , for some unclear reason . 
  legal deals dont work that way , you either fulfill them or you dont , there is no middle ground . 
  remember that almost every eu country hasnt fulfilled what they agreed to . 
  most likely they wont either , since only about 15 % migrants have been resettled so far and this 2 year deal ends in september . 
  how is it fair , that only a couple countries will be punished for not fulfilling an agreement , when almost all eu countries havent ( and most likely wont ) fulfill it either ? 
  so now we are the ones that created this international crisis ... gotcha . 
  to be exact , the change of mind was due to the change of governments . 
  that was one of the many reasons the old government lost in the elections . 
  hungary already had this referendum and iirc about 95 % said they didnt want these quotas . 
  the eu only cares about democracy when it suits them . 
  thats kind of my point . 
  so if poland didnt change their mind about the quotas and for whatever reason only took in 1 refugee , do you think we should be punished ? 
  probably . 
  how about 10 ? 
  that is very unclear and unspecific . 
  deals dont work that way . 
  i dont have a problem with consequences for not upholding your side of the deal , but treat everyone equally . 
  people who fulfilled the agreement - ok , people who didnt - not ok ( punish ) . 
  thats not what i meant . 
  according to you ( and the eu ) its `` ok '' if a country tries and fails to take in their agreed amount ( i remind you of the extremely low 15 % completion of this resettlement so far with only a couple months left ) . 
  so if poland should take in 6k , then how many would we have to take in , not to be punished ?
