  what if the insult was only `` those people are cockroaches '' , it still fits the legal definition ( `` including assaults against the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning , or defaming segments of the population '' ) , so saying that could be considered incitement . 
   no you ca n't . 
  i can and i did . 
  as shown above , incitement is a pretty wide category , do you think there were only 36 ? 
   what is `` incitement to racism '' supposed to mean ? 
  its a `` type '' of incitement : `` incitement to hatred against segments of the population '' , against a specific race = against a specific segment . 
   incitement is always incitement to actions ie . 
  violence . 
  not when it contains : `` assaults against the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning , or defaming segments of the population '' . 
   that 's my question , bro . 
  my answer to that question is - we dont know , we dont have enough information . 
  your answer is - everything is fine , they were all threats ( they werent ) . 
   there is no such thing as `` racist hate speech '' . 
  it is either threat , harassment or incitement . 
  and ill point out again - its incitement to hatred that includes : assaults against the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning , or defaming segments of the population . 
  `` racist hate speech '' contains all the parts needed `` hate '' - check , `` against segments of the population '' ( specific race ) - check . 
   yes , but what you are saying is that the police acted illegally . 
  bs , quote me where i said that . 
  correct me if im wrong ( [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung ) is wiki , so not the most reliable ) :  volksverhetzung , in english `` incitement of the masses '' , `` instigation of the people '' ( the official english translation of the german criminal code uses `` incitement to hatred '' [ 1 ] [ 2 ] ) , is a concept in german criminal law that refers to incitement to hatred against segments of the population and refers to calls for violent or arbitrary measures against them , ** including assaults against the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning , or defaming segments of the population . 
  ** doesnt that mean that , racist insults could fall under this ? 
  if thats true , then there is a certain level of interpretation here - what is insulting to one person isnt to another . 
  racist jokes can be insulting to some , should they be illegal ? 
  cant you ? 
  what about ideologies like nazism and facism , arent they illegal ? 
   i would argue that the difference between threats , harassment and incitement do n't matter a whole lot . 
  well they do , especially incitement when it contains : `` assaults against the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning , or defaming segments of the population . '', 
  for example , i think threats are much worse than insults , dont you ? 
  i can even use your main point against you - do you think there were only 36 cases of hate speech , that could be interpreted as incitement to racism ? 
  if not , then what criteria was used here , why these specific 36 ? 
   how does that matter ? 
  well , you basically called bullshit , when i said the information we have is vague and we dont know much about this situation . 
  me asking these questions and you not being able to answer them proves my point - we dont have any specifics . 
  there is a big difference between `` all of the people in question made violent threats . '', 
  like you claimed and `` x made violent threats , y were racist hate speech , z ... '', 
  read that quoted part again :  most of the raids concerned politically motivated right-wing incitement , according to the federal criminal police office , whose officers conducted home searches and interrogations . 
  but the raids also targeted two people accused of left-wing extremist content , ** as well as one person accused of making threats or harassment based on someone 's sexual orientation . 
  ** 1 person out of the 36 ...  no , we do fucking know . 
  at least people with a very basic understanding of german law and german police . 
  ok , so how many were for threats , how many were for coercion , how many were for incitement to racism , etc ? 
  how about specific examples of what was said ? 
   all of the people in question made violent threats though . 
  not according to the article . 
  what are you basing that on ? 
   do some people legitimately think that there are a ) only 36 people who express their `` different opinions '' on facebook b ) that people get a visit from the police for regular hate speech ? 
  like is there anyone who truly believes that ? 
  must be one hell of a bubble . 
  i understand what you are saying , but its not either/or . 
  we simply dont know , since the information is very vague . 
  maybe they were all threats , maybe they were the most reported , maybe the issue was who was posting it , etc. 
  imo this can be a slippery slope and blindly saying `` everything is fine '' is not something we should do . 
   actually correction : you can . 
  you can meet certain parts . 
  again not the most correct thing , but seriously you agreed to this ok , so who and on what basis is it decided : what fulfillment gets punished with what ? 
  poland - 0 migrant fulfillment ( punish ) , austria - 0 ( not punish ) , czech republic - 12 ( punish ) , slovakia - 16 ( dont punish ) and so on ... that does sound very fair or clear now does it ? 
   assholinshness is simply being used as a stand in for crime . 
  sorry if it threw you off , but no i meant some people break things more then others . 
  then again under your standard someone who steals is equivalent to a murderer that is a bad comparison since we are talking about one specific deal , not different laws . 
  that is comparing apples to oranges . 
  if you want this type of comparison it would be - `` poland '' killed 10 people but was `` assholinsh '' about it ( punish ) , `` autria '' killed 10 people but was `` cool '' about it ( dont punish ) , `` czech republic '' killed 5 people ( punish ) , `` slovakia '' killed 3 people ( dont punish ) and so on ...  . again you agreed to this treaties , you broke them and took pride in it , again , everyone else also agreed to the treaty and broke it , this is what actually matters , not the pride part . 
  still waiting on some proof ( that i will never get ) that pride in refusal plays any part in the migrant quota deal . 
  if you show me this criteria in the deal , i will admit i was wrong . 
  otherwise - you should . 
   sorry buddy im not your buddy , pal  you agreed to quotas back in '04 no matter what you say you must be trolling , you dont even know what we are talking about . 
  we agreed to the quotas in 2015 , just like everyone else , we are not fulfilling our obligations , just like everyone else . 
  in that case why are some getting punished , others arent ? 
   you desired to act jingoistic ( and rejecting those quotas is a form of jingoism , i at least expect some honest from you ) , there will be a cost again , not even worth arguing this , since it is not part of the migrant quota deal , so it does not matter if we did or didnt . 
  the eu supposedly is sanctioning for the migrant quota deal , not for other things . 
   i am arguing you guys broke the treaties more throughout then anyone else you cant break something more or less , you either fulfill your contract or you are in breach of it ( punishable offence ) . 
   and then proceeded to throw salt in the wounds via screaming about how great you are for doing so . 
  you then proceed to say no , that - insert western country that acts like a mild dick here - should get punished at the same time and equally as harsh when they have n't done half the shit hungary , poland and the czech republic have done . 
  again equal punishment to equal crime ( equal assholishness in our context ) `` assholishness '' is not a crime and it is not part of the deal we are discussing . 
  it has not legal value here and that is why it is not a legit criteria for punishment . 
  the only legit and objective criteria is the actual signed deal , you breach the contract , you get punished , it doesnt get simpler than that . 
  i wont even bother arguing your over dramatic interpretation of our refusal since again - it does not matter in this deal . 
   off course this is circular when you are denying circumstantial evidence i am forced to bring it up again . 
  i too wish none of you got sanctioned but jingoism and ethno-nationalism has a cost , ask britain i am not denying anything , just that it has zero relevance to this discussion since it is not part of the migrant quota deal . 
  you have had many occasions to refute this point , but you havent - since you cant , you can only keep ignoring it . 
   i too wish none of you got sanctioned but jingoism and ethno-nationalism has a cost oh and here i was thinking this was about the migrant quota deal , silly me . 
  too bad the eu cant even be honest about this like you . 
   he stressed , however , that only a few of the `` thousands '' had both the intention and ability to carry out a terror attack . 
  i get the intention part , but the ability ? 
  it really doesnt take much , they even gave the example later on of stealing a truck ... 
  this will definitely piss off a lot of people , especially the way it is being done , but its hard to say if this will be the deciding factor . 
  personally , i dont think so , but im curious to see . 
  the latest [ survey ] ( https://i.redd.it/zqte89xtyw3z.jpg ) shows poland has the most favorable view of the eu and hungary is 3rd , but that was before this issue got serious . 
  i wonder how this will change . 
  exactly , do i trust a random website anyone could have made in less than an hour ? 
  of course not , but the internet gives you access to unlimited resources you normally wouldnt have . 
  if you know how ( or more importantly want ) to search for information , the internet is the best place = most trustworthy . 
  you are completely wrong . 
  equal towards the law is not a relative term . 
  you either fulfill your contract or you dont , there is no middle ground here . 
  you keep going in circles with `` refusal '' and `` pride '' and other bs like that , i gave you a couple chances to prove it has any legal meaning for this deal , you failed to do so , whether you like it or not that means it has no relevance . 
  you are just pulling random criteria out of your ass , but suuure , im the one who doesnt know anything about law ...  i hope you can understand that you need to punish the worst offenders before you can get to the mild and least severe ones and this just proves it . 
  if someone breaks the law - you punish everyone who breaks a law , not just the worst . 
  if someone kills 10 people and you kill only 1 , shouldnt you be punished ? 
  if someone steals 10 000 $ and you steal 1000 $ shouldnt you be punished ? 
  and so on and so on ... 
  i hope you get my point `` mr. law expert '' . 
  sorry , but thats not how rules and legal deals work - `` you failed to fulfill your side of the bargain but its ok since you tried really really hard '' .
