  of course we do . 
  yes , it is a nice thing to have . 
  we have every right to it . 
  poland is also a border country for schengen , but how specifically is italy and greece paying for free movement in europe ? 
   schengen system with common external border works only if benefits ( free movement ) and costs ( processing of asylum seekers in accordance with the international law ! ), 
  are shared . 
  poland wants only benefits ; just let italy and greece handle extraordinary migrant flows ... bullshit , has poland ever refused any sort of aid , other then migrant quotas , which does not solve the migrant crisis ? 
  its not our fault the eu is solely focusing on this instead of other ways of helping italy/greece and solving this issue . 
  additionally , we do n't get those benefits for free , its part of the political/business deal we made , its not out of the goodness of eu 's heart we have free movement . 
  ok , but lets now compare that to one of the groups you mentioned - uk muslims . 
  there are long lists of these stats , but for example [ this ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/04/11/europe/britain-muslims-survey/ ) :  ( 52 % ) think homosexuality should not be legal , and nearly half ( 47 % ) think it is not appropriate for gay people to teach in schools , according to a new survey of british muslims . 
  are you seriously trying to say that the majority of ( for example poles ) not supporting same-sex marriage is worse then half of uk muslims wanting to make homosexuality illegal ? 
   have you ever asked yourself why that would be the case ? 
  maybe if polish people were less hostile towards them , more of them would stay . 
  lets not be naive here - its mostly about the money . 
  its not a coincidence their main destinations are countries with best social care . 
  why else would they be leaving countries like portugal , which afaik is considered very tolerant . 
   but no , let 's blame the refugees , 'cause it 's fun . 
  yes , lets blame europe for not taking in every poor person , for not solving world hunger and poverty . 
  for not assimilating the migrants properly ... 
  that doesnt stop them from doing it though . 
  [ new version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtwle684jb0 ), 
  any proof of this ? 
  exactly . 
  i agree that the moment they do that ( leave for germany ) they stop being refugees . 
  my whole problem with this is , that most of the migrants are n't from syria ( or war torn areas for that matter ) , but even if you find them/background check them and confirm they are real refugees running from war , there is a good chance they will do something like this . 
  my point was : these are people who were taken directly from syria , some type of background check was done and they still left . 
   real refugees would stay , if told so , simply because they would get help there . 
  there is all there is to it . 
  not really , for example a private foundation went to syria , found and brought back a couple christian families to poland . 
  the first family left for germany in the first days of being here , the rest later on . 
   either way , i can understand poland not wanting to accept migrants but we do n't do much to help solve the migrant crisis any other way either . 
  you cant really expect poland ( or any single country for that matter ) to solve this migrant crisis single handle , its not our fault the eu focuses only on this migrant relocation which isnt a solution to this problem . 
  how ? 
  that would go against eu 's core value of open borders . 
   countries like poland have the advantage of not being one of the favourites destinations so how does that help anyone if the vast majority of these people will move back to germany/sweden ? 
  why play around instead of straight up asking the migrants who wants to live in countries like poland ? 
   but i guess it 's cool to only get the positives from being an eu country . 
  not true , we dont get money from the eu for free . 
  for example poland is another open market for eu businesses and products , we supply low wage workers , brain drain , etc. 
   i think about italy and greece , countries that did n't get the choice of opting out of this situation and really feel for the people who are dealing with this situation in the front lines , when other countries refuse to help . 
  so do i , but we are not refusing to help , we are only refusing this one thing - which isnt a solution to the problem . 
  afaik poland hasnt refused any other form of aid to italy and greece . 
  i definitely think there is more we can do to help , but it is not our fault the eu is focusing solely on this so called `` solution '' and not on other practical aid . 
  there is a bit more to that . 
  the cc ( and courts in general ) dont have the best opinion in poland . 
  for example : when the cc court `` okay'ed '' the taking / `` stealing '' of 150 billion zloty from ofe , people were not happy with that , so many thought a long the lines of - why care about the cc , when the cc doesnt care about us . 
  and just a couple days ago , in a discussion when the topic moved to migrant relocation quotas , people were telling me that this idea has been dead for a long time and no one is pushing it anymore , right ... 
  while i mostly agree with this , i see a big difference between being an idiot and being very intelligent/well educated . 
  additionally , charisma , good looks , speaking skills never were kaczynski 's strong suit . 
  he is a good speaker in the sense that he rarely ( if ever ) reads his speech , but he smacks his lips , which many people make fun of . 
  as much you might dislike him , do you really think an idiot could achieve what he did in politics ? 
   would that be the european values of pay me money and do n't complain about it ? 
  you know what , i like those . 
  how about we change it up and you guys pay us for a change ? 
  this is your problem , you think we are getting the money for free . 
  news flash - we arent , its part of the deal . 
  please answer this - do you honestly think `` your side '' is giving the money out of the goodness of their hearts ? 
   ok , i simply advocate selling out the east to the highest bidder as quickly as possible and continuing with a core-eu , that will actually improve the lives of my citiziens . 
  how progressive , but good luck with that ...  how so ? 
  have you missed all the talks about how the eu cant let brexit be a success , how english isnt important anymore , leaked private discussions , etc. 
   i simply make the computation that poland is leeching of my people , we would be better of without you . 
  again , not true . 
  we are not leeching anyone , its part of the deal `` your side '' offered . 
  plus , looking full picture - it wont be better off without us , if that was true , there would n't have been a eu expansion in 2004 . 
   as a bonus without germany there wo n't even be an eu-around to make problems in the exit negotiations . 
  so the sooner germany and as many of developed western european countries as we can pull along in a say core-eu dump you the better for us . 
  you are delusional , the 2004 expansion wasnt a random event . 
  it was a calculated political and business decision , your side knew exactly what would happen , if it wasnt beneficial for your side - it wouldnt have happened . 
   not better for you , but we both seem to agree that the well-being of citiziens other than our own is not really a priority , yes ? 
  i agree that a polish/german/french / etc politician should first and foremost care about poles/germans/french , 2nd about other europeans , because they have been chosen as a representative of these people . 
  but this is not a 0 sum game . 
  `` poland and the east '' joining the eu is beneficial to both sides . 
  there are pro and cons of this , but in total its win-win . 
  edit : spelling, 
   luckily your support is not needed , only the support of my people , as they are the ones paying the bill . 
  unless poland would want to threaten violence if they do n't get paid . 
  sorry to break it to you , but politicians dont give a rats ass about the little guy , so i wouldnt count on any huge changes . 
  but what wonderful european values you are presenting . 
   i 'm sorry , after reading your previous post i was left with the impression that you wanted to advance the argument you did n't deserve blame for the current state of affairs . 
  if you want to retract that statement i 'll be happy to drop this line of discussion . 
  i dont understand what you mean . 
  we dont deserve the blame . 
  all the rules of us joining were made by `` your side '' , the only thing we could decide was to join or not . 
  so you cant blame us for doing something ( for example free movement ) that you offered us in the deal , if this has negative effects for your low income people , that is your elites fault . 
  that being said , this doesnt mean that both sides arent looking out for their own interests . 
  the old eu did not expand in 2004 out of the goodness of their hearts , it was beneficial to them . 
  the same way we didnt join the eu to be nice , we joined because it benefited us . 
  deals are made to benefit both sides . 
   either way are you sure you want to talk about hyprocisy to me , when poland spend years whimpering like a kicked dog about a pipeline , only to rediscover national interest the moment your own are concerned . 
  somehow you dont see what came first . 
  first countries like germany didnt show solidarity with the pipeline , but now want solidarity when its convenient to them ? 
  thats not how that works . 
   or going on and on about the depravity of the english blaming dirty foreigners ( poles ) for their sinking wages , only to turn around and go : `` victims of our invasions ? 
  in my white , christian country ? 
  i do n't think so . '', 
  im not blaming england for anything . 
  foreigners ( poles included ) did cause wages to go down for them , but this was obviously part of the deal ( meaning it did n't take a genius to know this would happen when we joined with the deal we were offered ) . 
  this wasnt acceptable for them , so they decided to leave the eu , they had every right to do so . 
  your side is the one throwing a hissy fit like a jealous ex-girlfriend .
