  it 's a '' / u/chief _ slapah0 anyone who disagrees with me is literally hitler '' episode . 
   then it 's time we change the deal or disolve the whole thing , isnt ' t it ? 
  that is your right to try and change it , but dont be surprised when people who these changes effect negatively , wont support them . 
   i 'm certainly tired of paying for the privilege to make my own people poorer and then getting complained at by the people who profited most . 
  as i said earlier , its only a specific part of `` your people '' that are worse off , others are better off . 
  right now , you are doing most of the complaining . 
   well you are part of the problem if you are blocking legislation to address the issue . 
  and you certainly profited most of it . 
  but ok , let 's just change the rules so my poor wo n't get the short end of the stick and i wo n't blame you . 
  really ? 
  so its fine for you to look out for your own interests ( want to change the deal or dissolve it ) , but its a problem when `` my side '' looks out for our interests ( block legislation that would harm us ) . 
  seems hypocritical . 
  because that was the deal when we agreed to join ? 
  its not like `` my side '' was the one who made up all the rules , that was yours . 
  if you want to be mad at someone , be mad at the elites of `` your side '' that didnt care about the low income people , they obviously had other benefits/interests at mind for doing the 2004 expansion . 
  while im not happy that `` your '' low income people are worse off , its not fair to blame us , the only decision we had was to join or not , the rest of the decisions/rules were made by the `` old eu '' . 
  so let homeless people sleep in your house during winter or you are fine with them freezing to death ... right ? 
   i 'm sorry but you have a responsibility as an eu member to take these people i 'm sorry but we do not have a responsibility to take in migrants ( most of these people are not refugees ) . 
  i would say we have the responsibility to help out in the eu , but afaik countries like poland have n't refused any other forms of aid to countries like greece and italy . 
  it is not our fault that the eu focuses solely on migrant quotas , which is n't even a solution to the migrant crisis . 
   second , bit rich wonder how many polish have moved to england and germany for a better life ? 
  you are comparing oranges to apples . 
  how many poles did that illegally ? 
  you really do n't see the difference between an eu citizen who has the right to do so and illegal migrants ? 
  yeah , so i call bs . 
  if there are `` many poles in the comments '' it should be easy to find , you remember more or less who . 
  as you said there are 500 + comments so i could have missed a couple , but i havent seen a single one . 
  any examples ? 
  genuinely interested . 
   continuously ? 
  as in they continue to do it . 
  the rest of your post proves that . 
  but not when they cross x safe countries going to the one with best social aid . 
  have you really ever seen someone post that they think a pole committing a crime should n't be punished ? 
  because poles migrating to west europe are doing it legally , unlike the illegal immigrants . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  its true , just look at tatars . 
  i hate myself for doing this but ... 
  i did nazi that comming, 
  its cute how the eu is worried about our democracy when its convenient , but when that democracy gives the `` wrong '' result - fuck it !, 
   that 's absolutely not what i said or meant to say , apologies if it seemed that way . 
  no need , im probably oversensitive about this , ive just heard it so many times : / my bad for misunderstanding . 
   and yes , france does get a new market , but poland also benefit from that as it creates wealth and employment within the country . 
  that 's completely independent from the funding from the eu or the single market , that 's just capitalism as a whole . 
  the single market and the eu just makes it simpler . 
  agreed , it is beneficial in one way , but can cause problems in another , i guess like with everything in life . 
  i think the problem is , that this has been the situation for ever and no one really believes anymore that it can change . 
  while i 100 % agree that this is a problem ( i hate that the public media was , is and most likely will be pro-government ) , it kind of annoys me that its a problem now ( with this government ) but it wasnt before ( with the previous government ) . 
  for me that shows the politicians concerns arent really genuine . 
  do you really think that old eu countries didnt know what they were doing with the 2004 expansion ? 
  that it wasnt beneficial for them also ? 
  if you truly believe that their first and foremost goal wasnt gain ( in a wide meaning of the word ) then you are naive . 
  this is politics and business , there isnt anything for free or because you wanted to be nice . 
  yes , but not only to close the wealth difference . 
  for example , france also gets an extra market for their companies . 
  im just sick of the narrative - we are * giving * you money , do what we say . 
  poland isnt getting money for free - its give and take . 
  as in , we are not getting it for free or out of the goodness of eu 's heart . 
  it 's business and politics , both sides win . 
  accountable , for what ? 
  afaik they were still in the negotiation stage , there was n't a done deal . 
  does she at least have `` her finger and her thumb , in the shape of an `` l '' on her forehead '' ? 
  `` the poll asked specifically about the relocation of migrants from camps in countries along europe 's mediterranean coast under an eu decision that each bloc country would accept a number of asylum seekers over two years . '', 
  so ... europe 's fault, 
  quoting the `` wrong '' newspaper ... 
  not much of a dig , more like an easter egg . 
  has poland refused any other help ( other then migrant quotas ) ? 
   i see sidewalks and zebra crossings all over the place . 
  while this is true , pedestrians are treated like shit in comparison to drivers . 
  nice comic . 
  from my experience , its usually the people who complain the most , that are most likely to say ( or even complain ) about how poles love to complain ... 
  or will it just be the next `` we must learn to live with it '' ? 
  with each article/info like this , it can go 2 ways , either tensions will keep on rising , or sadly people will get used to it . 
  if its dead , then why does it keep popping up now and again ? 
  for example austria about a month ago talking about cutting eu budget for the naysayers . 
  well obviously you dont . 
  if you want to actually check , you could take a look at the type of comments i made in this thread - nothing trolly , just personal opinions and facts . 
  if i was a troll , i would want to continue this pointless `` argument '' , which i dont , so i wont be responding unless you reply with something of actual value to the topic not just - lie !, 
  etc. . . 
  someone who disagrees with you = internet troll ... you are just proving my point . 
  it really isnt , but i know better than trying to convince someone who already has made up their mind about pis . 
  that 's basically true , but even if it was n't , how is that `` promoting them as the bad guys '' ? 
  i dont see any negative connotations . 
  i 'm guessing you are referring to the `` famous '' kod march last year . 
  tvp ( public tv ) estimated 45k which was pretty much what the police said . 
  media like gazeta.pl ( which were very favorable to kod ) counted later and they got around 60k people . 
  now compare that to the 240 k claim of the town hall . 
  who has a history of manipulating estimates seems pretty clear to me . 
  in roughly 2 years . 
  to answer your next question - pis isnt anti-eu despite what most of the opposition says . 
  depends who is covering it . 
  one side - `` great success '' , the other - `` meh '' . 
  you will find the full spectrum of opinions on the march . 
  yea yea ... literally hitler ... bla bla bla  buy some votes from the poorly educated people in the province another myth . 
  pis basically won in all demographics , age , education , popualtion , etc. 
  well as i said , it doesnt seem that he cares about money or living in any sort of luxury , unlike other politicians . 
  always relevant - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snkzgn_xivs, 
  i doubt it , although the police estimation were around 12k people . 
  oh , i heard about that somewhere , i recognize that idiotic estimation of costs , but not her name . 
  thanks for the info .
