  turkey was never a utopia . 
  the turkish version of the suffix is - eli . 
  for example rumeli . 
  but for countries persian or european suffixes are used . 
  the only time that matters during that time period is the kingdom of croatia when they were in a union with the kingdom of hungary after that they were under the rule of the house of habsburg . 
  before that they had no contact with us and ottomans probably did n't call them h\u0131rvatistan back then . 
  i do n't have much knowledge on the topic i 'm just throwing out ideas . 
  having cyprus divided has no advantage for us on the contrary it has a lot of disadvantages . 
  i 'm no expert but croatia is a pretty new country so they probably just slapped - stan at the end of h\u0131rvat and called it a day . 
  with hungary we had a lot relations with austria-hungary ( mostly war ) so the name magyar was known , what i do n't understand is why austrians call it ungarn ( from land of the huns ) and not something related to magyars . 
  also magyars helping creating modern turkish might have something to do with it too . 
  azerbaycan does n't end with - stan so i do n't understand what you 're asking . 
  its a persian name meaning land of fire . 
  from what i see `` nationality-stan '' is used for the countries that got their independence directly from the ottoman empire , while the french names are used for the western european countries . 
  some others like bosna-hersek and karada\u011f were ottoman regions . 
  we use portugal for the orange fruit , portakal, 
  as a turk i could instantly tell it was greek . 
  the lisp `` s '' and the word endings give it away . 
  i do n't think debating on polls with specific answers is very sound . 
  like i said most people are non practicing cultural muslims yet they will consider themselves as muslims and the percentage depends on the region too . 
  eastern turkey is generally more religious than the west ( differs from south to north too ) . 
  i 'm not saying all of the % 21 are non muslims but because the answers are specific a lot of them probably answered considering things like them destroying shrines ( considered as shirk by some ) and other stuff they do . 
  also i must add that some people had a sympathy toward isis because they are fighting pkk which have been terrorising turkey for 3 decades . 
  untill now isis have only bombed pkk sympathisers in turkey . 
  but the latest attack in istanbul was towards europeans and will directly hit turkeys tourism so this sympathy is mostly gone now . 
  turkish people usually have a mentality that if it does n't hurt us who cares , because nobody would care if it happened to us . 
  also you ca n't get % 100 against anything simply because there are even some people that dont even know what isis is and think its related with the kurds . 
  isis supporters do not see it as terrorism they instead see the west as terrorists . 
  the % 98 thing is just on paper because they are labeled as muslims when they are born and do n't give a shit to change it afterwards . 
  most of those % 21 are probably atheists and other religions . 
  most muslims in turkey are just [ cultural muslims ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_muslim ) . 
  ahmet davuto\u011flu ( turkey ) speaks turkish , english , german , arabic and malay . 
  it 's better to use for ( ;  actually , some compilers complain about always true while ( 1 ) loops so for ( ;  loops are used instead , 
  we also use `` g\u00fcz '' for autumn in turkish too, 
  i did n't say isis is n't important . 
  as i wrote in my previous comment isis will be the priority . 
  but as i explained this does n't make nato and russia allies in syria at all . 
  well this is n't anything new it has been done for the last 30 years , so it probably wo n't change much . 
  in the end it 's good practice for both countries pilots , 
  what kind of goals are you talking about ? 
  every country has different goals . 
  nowadays we do n't have much disputes with greece except maybe the borders on the aegen sea and even thats never talked about . 
  even tho there is still rivalry between the two countries turkey does n't see greece as an enemy . 
  when greece went bankrupt our media was saying lets visit our neighbour and help them out for example . 
  yes and putin understands that very well . 
  as long as isis is around the attention will be toward isis more than assad . 
  this however does n't mean nato gave up on getting rid of assad . 
  there are a lot of politics going on in the backround that also involves ukraine . 
  what we actually have in syria is a proxy war between assad , iran and russia vs nato . 
  russia is attacking all the rebels that oppose assad . 
  these include nato backed rebels . 
  even before isis was created natos objective was to get rid of assad . 
  al-nusra , taliban etc. 
  are also fighting isis this does n't make them allies with nato or russia . 
  never . 
  greece will never get cyprus but there are talks between the republic of cyprus and the turkish republic of cyprus to unify . 
  how are nato and russia on the same side in syria ? 
  russian planes were bombing turkmens before they crossed turkish airspace and one of them was shot down . 
  i agree it causes confusions sometimes as we rarely use subjects in normal speech . 
  3 billion is a tiny amount its not even enough to take care of the refugees let alone being useful for border control . 
  turkey-syria border is huge you cant simply stock police there and police it , its not realistic . 
  the ottoman empire has been called turkey ( land of the turks ) by the europeans since the middle ages . 
  we did n't come up with it . 
  well hungary ( budapest ) was part of turkey ( ottoman empire ) back then . 
  so his organs were technically buried in turkey . 
  by child marriage and having 10 kids like they 've been doing, 
  oh bulgaria what have we done wrong with you, 
  we 've been out of eurovision for a couple of years now because of the `` unfair voting system '' ( they took our 12 points from germany ) . 
  but we are back this year as far as i know . 
  edit : looked it up they decided not to enter anyway . 
  i 've seen it so many times mate , on the internet of course . 
  well at least we know where the chain ends . 
  anatolian is just continental though , is n't it ? 
  we did n't . 
  i do n't think having a friendly pyd is possible but the guy is stating his desires . 
  he ultimately wants a unified syria and iraq but if it were to split up we should have influence on them is what he is saying . 
  right now the intervention is done by proxies and special operation units . 
  i do n't think it will escalate to full scale war . 
  turkey was not getting involved in syria at that time . 
  you moan when turkey does n't intervene and you moan when it does . 
  look at a map of syria , almost all of that land is gained from isis yet you still claim things that are proven wrong . 
  syria and iraq are sovereign countries ? 
  you sure about that ? 
  check again . 
   turkey had no problem with isis slaughtering kurds in kobani . 
  turkey is one of the biggest reasons kobani is n't an isis city right now . 
  you seem ignorant in that it was turkey that let the peshmerga get to kobani to defend it while covering all their expenses . 
  trying to take down assad is us 's business they just dragged us into it . 
  so kurds should invade arab lands to gain power and attack every one around them . 
  yup that will end well . 
  atleast do n't contradict yourself while supporting something you do n't comprehend . 
  you are starting to be unreasonable . 
  this is going towards `` turkey = isis hurr durr '' again . 
  not necessarily , we already have military and intelligence bases in iraqi kurdistan as we have good relations with them . 
  we arm and train the peshmerga . 
  we also conduct military operations against pkk there too . 
  the syrian kurds however have close relations with pkk themselves therefore seen as dangerous as isis . 
  they have gained a lot of power and support thanks us not having anyone else in the region that will fight for them that does n't hate their guts . 
  turkey is supporting fsa right now to weaken their influence and decrease the us support for them . 
  not with turkish infantry ( with fsa ) and mostly against isis .
