  the purpose is clearing or weakening groups that are dangerous against turkey 's security . 
  this is n't against `` the kurds '' like you guys like to group all of them together . 
  we have very good relations with iraqi kurds . 
  we train and arm them . 
  `` if it were n't for us '' syrian kurds would n't have become such a treat againt turkey and the unity of syria . 
  kurds have almost invaded all of northern syria , do you believe all of that land has kurdish majority ? 
  i read the turkish version of that article now so i 'll explain it to you . 
  he is talking about the influence the kurdish groups gained by the us support that can split syria and iraq into pieces and can be used as a leverage to attack turkey . 
  so he is stating that if such a thing is to happen turkey should be the most influential power to determine who will gain the right to rule such a state , basically making it a puppet state or something like that therefore ruling it . 
  not literally invading and annexing it . 
  that would be unrealistic really . 
  the title says `` turkey 's new maps are reclaiming the ottoman empire '' and i 'm explaining to you that this map is neither new nor turkey is reclaiming those lands , stop trying to take this conversation to somewhere else . 
   what 's the difference ? 
  everyone dislikes neo ottomanism barring neo-ottomanists . 
  well sorry to brake it to you but this gets the support of both neo-ottomanists and nationalists in turkey and turkey is one of the most nationalist countries in the world . 
   probably converted to islam and is of otherwise greek descent are n't us all  erdogan is using the turkmen population as a pretext to invade again . 
  so you really believe this is an invasion ? 
  i completely disagree as it would cause a lot of unnecessary shitstorm to gain nothing as oil is worthless nowadays and its limited , there is n't oil in north aleppo at all for example where we gained land from isis together with fsa , but i can respect your opinion . 
  im talking about the purpose of this map . 
  this map is n't the reason for the intervention its just a tool to gain support for it . 
  the intervention is done together with the us and from hillary 's e-mails it seem like dragging turkey into it was also their idea . 
  when turkey refused to get involved we all saw the turkey = isis propaganda . 
  also this is n't just about us . 
  france and uk etc. 
  are also doing their own thing in these countries and european intervention in the middle east has always been disliked by the turkish population therefore you need to show that turkey is different in such a case . 
  cyprus is different in that the population is turkish , in syria or iraq this is n't the case . 
  its still an internal issue , they show this to justify the intervention in syria and iraq , to get support from the public . 
  the goal is n't to annex these lands but to show the difference from the us who is doing the same from the other side of the world . 
  nice title but this is just misak-\u0131 milli . 
  you see this all the time in schools here , nothing new . 
  why are velociraptors `` nasty '' ? 
  the difference between turkey and russia is russia is a federation with a lot of different ethnicities where a lot of them have their own autonomy . 
  while turkey is much smaller and is mostly homogenous . 
  what is the reason to delete this news ? 
  what makes you think that this news is only about part of the country ? 
  then do n't include anything political from turkey as ankara is n't included by that logic . 
  turkey as a whole is included in this sub as turkey is geopolitically a european country . 
  eastern thrace by itself is irrevelant . 
  this news is n't different from previous news about turkey in this sub either , it is about turkey as a whole , its not just about one province . 
  this is clear censorship . 
  we wont be even keeping the nuclear waste , russia will take it back so its not even our problem . 
  nuclear is very beneficial for us but there is a lot of ignorant people that are against it in turkey . 
  while you and we my friend were attacking those pesky europeans !, 
  she says that because she just lost her boyfriend since he is gay all of a sudden apparently . 
  not because she thinks him being gay is a bad thing . 
  she is n't passive aggressive actually the correct translation would be `` i would say , oh well !, 
  nothing can be done . '', 
  turkish sounds like german ? 
  really ? 
  yea they are used to scare off [ cheetahs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbne0f5orn4 ) . 
  they are [ huge ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lzbuzum.jpg ) . 
  we say that in turkey too . 
  damn greek imperialists !, 
  stop spooning us greece . 
  keep your isles to yourself !, 
  ^ * stares * ^ * menacingly * ^ * at * ^ * italy *, 
  oh no he saw through the trick !, 
  this operation is done for two reasons . 
  because isis on the border is a security threat for obvious reasons . 
  they have been shooting rockets at turkish border towns for some time now . 
  stop the cantons from connecting . 
  this has been publicly stated over and over again . 
  no one is denying this . 
  the problem is some people are still claiming turkey = isis for some retarded reason . 
  ypg/pyd/pkk is just as much of a problem as isis to us . 
  but its easy watching from afar and claiming one side as angels . 
  it does n't work mate . 
  they stocked up on weapons during that time and did n't pull back . 
  thats not arming isis thats arming rebels . 
  same thing europe and us has been doing . 
  not true . 
  only a very small amount were smuggled by individuals . 
  so you 're talking about erdo\u011fan . 
  because erdo\u011fan did that . 
  did n't end well . 
  the french government has a long history of harrasing muslims in france . 
  if you ca n't see this i 'm afraid i ca n't make you see it . 
  either that or the french media is awefully silent about it . 
  it is definitely not true . 
  it 's an ugly smear campaign against turkey . 
  turkish words actually never end with b , c , d , g . they end with p , \u00e7 , t , k instead . 
  the vowels in arabic words are also usually replaced with e. for example the most common form of the name muhammed is mehmet in turkish . 
  yea gavur is used as a rude way to say foreigner in turkey , it usually does n't have a religious meaning behind it . 
  kafir has a religious meaning similar to infidel . 
  but this is how its used in speech , the dictionary meanings are different . 
  edit : apparently even the ottoman sultan was called gavur when he first wore the fez and pants instead of the older clothing . 
  so you 're saying greeks , slavs etc. 
  are native to thrace but you ca n't make the same claim about the much bigger rest of the country and yet you are telling me that the rest also belongs to them . 
  how many years must a group of people live in a place to become native to there ? 
  what is the minimum requirement ? 
  anatolia is n't like europe , many people passed and lived here as it is the crossroad of the world . 
  hitittes/hurrians then mitanni , phrigians , lydians , sumers , parthians , macedonians , aramies , urartu , roman empire , byzantine and pontiac greeks , arabic caliphate , abbasid , armenian and georgian kingdoms and many more and then for the last thousand years turks have been ruling these lands . 
  it is very mixed culturally and genetically and greeks or armenians definitely do not have more claim on these lands then the turks living on it . 
  why is it provocative to say that you do n't have enough knowledge to comprehend what i wrote ? 
  on the other hand you claim that everything i wrote is nonsense and on top of that call me a `` turkhurt '' . 
  whats that suppose to mean anyway ? 
  you switched `` butt '' with `` turk '' to call me names and now trying to act naive . 
  i am used to turcophobia . 
  it 's very common and always has been . 
  when you read nothing but hate you become sarcastic .
