  tell me what does this topic have anything to do with genocide ? 
  we are talking about assimilation here . 
  do you feel smart when you say `` ha you did genocide ! '' . 
  why does smartasses like yourself feel the need to bring genocide in to every conversation ? 
  are you aware of the weight of that word ? 
  because you sure as hell do n't look like it . 
  do i have slanted eyes ? 
  no i do n't . 
  greeks are n't native to anatolia . 
  or maybe you are n't very knowledgeable about the topic . 
  maybe ... probably ... 
  yup because we genocided them for 500 years they are all dead now . 
  they should 've just assimilated when they could . 
  we even made sure the genocide was as inefficient as possible too . 
  oh well their choice . 
  yea you are right we should 've just assimilated all those greeks , slavs etc. 
  too . 
  actually , how dare they live as a seperate community and not assimilate , just shameful . 
  europe was going to give money to help turkey shelter all the refugees . 
  that money is n't going to turkey as the eu is going track where it is spent . 
  so far the eu paid 2 mil , thats less than a thousandth of the 3 bil they said they would give . 
  right now there is no reason for turkey to keep this going . 
  thats why you are n't running the eu . 
  things do n't work that way in the real world . 
  the only thing in that agreement that is n't completed by turkey is the change in the anti terror law . 
  while europe has n't done anything they said they would . 
  hypocrisy at its finest . 
  all the criteria other than the anti-terror law is completed , the refugee flow is stopped yet turkey still has n't received anything in return and europe is arrogantly saying the visa free travel wo n't happen for atleast another year or so . 
  yup thats a fair agreement there . 
  turkish economy is n't dependent on tourism . 
  what are we , greece ? 
  you ca n't force anything on turkey that 'll just make you look bad and erdo\u011fan will gain more support . 
  those are conscripts . 
  they have nothing to do with this . 
  no , this is for the bodies that were disowned and not claimed by their families . 
  their families can still claim the coup plotters body and give them a proper burial if they want . 
  it 's a forlorn cemetery for coup plotters basically . 
  according to the martial law directive they prepared beforehand they planned to do the coup at 3am and curfew at 6am but a soldier reported this so they began earlier in a rush . 
  this translation is accurate . 
  i was very confused when i saw the translation on the video . 
  pretty suspicious . 
  that is true , support for him might increase . 
  but he already gets most of votes from the people that do not absolutely hate him . 
  he can steal some of the voters of mhp but i dont think he can get many votes from the people that vote for chp or hdp . 
  i think theoretically he can get maximum of 55-60 % support . 
  i respect your opinion . 
  keep in mind that akp voters are a plurality not a majority and a lot of them vote for akp because there is not a good alternative for them . 
  the secularity of this country is in the guarantee of its people as is its democracy . 
  forcing the government out with a coup is not a good way to do it and the turkish people know the consequences of a coup well . 
  the people on the streets last night were n't just akp voters . 
  most of the little number of people supporting the coup were young adults who did n't experience a coup before . 
  i do n't think erdo\u011fan will risk touching the secularity of this country if he does n't want a civil war . 
  turkey might or might not have become more conservative but its easier for the people to show that they are religious because of the old bans and suppression being lifted . 
  i think radicalization happens when you try to suppress people too much . 
  you can see this with france . 
  secularism does n't mean anti religion it means religion should not effect governmant institutions . 
  people should still have religious freedom in a secular country . 
  there is no reason to think sharia is coming at this point though as people do not support it . 
  do i think akp is completely secular ? 
  no i do n't , but there is no need to exaggerate it . 
  i have been hearing `` sharia is coming '' since 2002 . 
  its like an old meme to me at this point . 
  the turkish people do not want sharia . 
  turkey is not a theocracy . 
  this is a fucking nightmare . 
  i 'm hearing very loud gun noises outside . 
  there is a coup attempt right now people binali y\u0131ld\u0131r\u0131m spoke . 
  it 'll probably make things worse . 
  thats the goal of isis . 
  muslims in europe getting treated badly so they will radicalize and join isis . 
  we do n't blame the kurds for the terror attacks in turkey for example we blame pkk . 
  my condolences to the french people . 
  \u0130stanbul vote results are usually the same as turkey average , there are all kinds of people living there . 
  well turkey is more than twice the size of germany so there is that . 
  we really do n't . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/4oax51/which_turkish_parties_are_proeuropean_union_and/ http://www.strawpoll.me/10496494/r, 
  sure , if you want to put up unrelated stuff here you go : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims, 
  irrelevant . 
  i replied to you to show you why there are no greeks in turkey anymore . 
  its not because we killed them all like you claim , its because of population exchange . 
  if i see ignorance i correct it . 
  you know that we won the turkish war of independence right ? 
  who was going to create kurdistan in turkey after that ? 
  young turks in turkey ? 
  you really need to fact check there buddy . 
  you do n't need to like it or feel a connection to it but you ca n't deny the history between these countries and the ottoman empire . 
  all those countries just give a reason to include the ottomans . 
  but my comment was primarily a joke nothing to take seriously . 
  to each their own . 
  why does it matter if they were n't part of the empire at 1918 . 
  syria does n't feel more connection to the ottoman empire than egypt , just because they became independent later . 
  even to fight against ottomans you need them in the game , gives more reason to include the ottoman empire in the game . 
  i was expecting a comment like this . 
  my comment was a joke guys , i 'm going back to polandball . 
  thats france vs albania , algeria , armenia , azerbaijan , bosnia and herzegovina , bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , djibouti , egypt , eritrea , ethiopia , georgia , greece , hungary , iraq , israel , jordan , kosovo , kuwait , lebanon , libya , macedonia , moldova , montenegro , oman , palestinian territories , romania , saudi arabia , serbia , slovakia , slovenia , somalia , sudan , syria , tunisia , turkey , ukraine , yemen etc. 
  and people from these countries that are living in the us , france , germany etc. 
  looking at this list you can clearly see that ... the former ottoman empire is now a bunch of tiny irrelevant countries . 
  thanks uk and france . 
  the southern part is pink and the northern part is white like other disputed lands . 
  can i be a cat instead ?
