  how exactly did they change the rules in those situations ? 
  the eu is n't this magical institution with no accountability that uses wizardry to change rules and act outside of its power . 
  the eu is a collection of the member states that acts within the mandate demanded by those member states . 
  i 've heard that the reputation of the eu in the uk is one of an organization of all-powerful alien monsters , but this is n't actually true . 
  but obviously the eu will choose to try to bend the odds in their favor when it suits them . 
  so would the uk . 
  bending the rules to help the uk does n't suit them . 
   i do n't think the terms of trade outside will be as good as leaving . 
  that 's the cost of leaving and happy to pay it . 
  this is literally what hollande and the maltese pm said that you said was appalling . 
  i do n't actually believe that the eu can do nothing wrong although from my responses it may seem that way . 
  it just incredibly silly how you are acting that the eu are the bad guys and the uk are victims . 
  the uk chose to leave . 
  nobody has a problem with that . 
  nobody says that they should n't be allowed to do that . 
  the uk should therefore be treated as any other country that is not one of the eu-27 , and that 's literally all that anybody has said on behalf of the eu . 
  the uk is n't an innocent victim and the eu a tyrannical organization . 
  at best , they have been equally appalling . 
  at worst , i think the uk has been far more disrespectful and absurd in its approach to the negotiations . 
  stop pretending that you 're the innocent superheroes that are out to fight villians . 
  hollande 's comments were that they need to show that the uk ca n't get the benefits of the eu without paying the price , which is entirely reasonable . 
  could his wording have been better ? 
  sure . 
  but he did n't make outright threats like may just did . 
  muscat said that if the uk wants a transitional deal , then it will still have to respect the supremacy of the european court of justice for as long as that deal lasts . 
  i 'm not seeing what part of this is so appalling . 
   how exactly would we be hurting ourselves ? 
  you 've mentioned two specific policies . 
  the first one is pulling troops out of eastern europe . 
  i 've searched this with a few different phrases and have n't been able to find anything about anybody threatening to do this , but if you insist that it 's on the table , we 'll talk about it . 
  first of all , british troops along the russian border have nothing to do with the eu , they are there as a result of nato . 
  so by doing this , the uk would be reneging on its nato committments . 
  this has the same effect on the uk as it does on france or germany , and massively undermines british standing on a world level . 
  do you really think that there would n't be any geopolitical consequences to this ? 
  the second thing is become a tax and/or regulatory haven . 
  here is a much more articulate and well-reasoned response than what i could give . 
   i do n't give a shit what 's in the treaty . 
  i guess this is why your country voted to leave . 
  but in all seriousness , if you did n't want to respect the treaty , then you should n't have signed it . 
   it 's punitive and un-necessary . 
  it does n't benefit anyone . 
  it purely serves to harm those leaving which is childish . 
  it 's not , i actually gave some reasons why they would choose to enforce it . 
  it 's actually in the best interest of the eu to enforce it and could potentially benefit them in negotiations . 
  and i 'm sure that somebody who knows more about this than me could give even better reasons . 
   if your little club is so un-attractive that you have to punish those who leave to keep it together then i would question what purpose it serves in the first place . 
  it 's not in the eu 's interest to arbitrarily punish the uk or intentionally give them an unattractive deal . 
  it 's in their interest to be fair to the uk and treat them as any other non-eu member negotiating a trade deal , and this is how you should expect to be treated . 
  if you consider this unfair , then you should n't have voted to leave , it 's as simple as that . 
  the eu is n't trying to punish anybody , they 're simply saying 1 ) you ca n't use a threat of leaving as a bargaining chip and 2 ) if you want to leave , go ahead , but the terms of trade from outside wo n't be as good as the terms of trade from inside . 
  both of those are completely reasonable . 
   hard brexit purely on the back of how appallingly the eu has behaved since the vote . 
  i 'm literally not joking , i have no idea what you 're referring to about how appallingly the eu has behaved . 
  you keep bringing up one comment from juncker that the uk has to be made an example of , and that 's it . 
  and i think it 's pretty clear that what he meant by that was simply that the uk wo n't find the terms of trade out of the eu more favorable than in it . 
  i think you fail to realize that even if the uk does these two things as retribution that they will hurt themselves far more than they will hurt the rest of the eu . 
  they would be cutting off their noses to spite their collective british faces . 
   we ca n't negotiate other trade deals whilst leaving that 's actually in the treaties , so it 's perfectly legal to demand this . 
  it also makes sense from an eu perspective because the uk has a stronger negotiating position if it has other deals lined up . 
  i 'm not blindly defending the eu here as i agree with you . 
  from my standpoint that would be a pretty shitty and thing for them to insist on . 
  but if the uk really wants to walk out of negotiations , revert to wto rules and attempt to become a tax haven over something that they are legally bound to do as a result of treaties they signed , go ahead . 
  it will hurt you much more than us . 
   we ca n't have any form of trade deal again where does this idea even come from ? 
  i 'm not saying that absolutely nothing combative has come from the eu side , but realize that the uk has been far more combative thus far , and they are the ones treating this as a war , not the eu . 
   just a reasonable trade deal that is mutually beneficial . 
  what in the world makes you think that you wo n't get this ? 
  i think everybody on this sub would agree that this is a fair deal , depending on what your definition of reasonable is . 
  the thing that the uk wo n't get is access to the single market for goods and services without accepting fom . 
  the issue with may 's comments is that a person who believes that enters a negotiation believing with good faith and respect for the other side believing that the negotiation will be fruitful for both sides does not begin the negotiation by making threats . 
  making all of these comments leads me to believe that she knows her demands are unreasonable and is setting herself up to scapegoat the eu when she does n't get what she considers a `` fair deal . '', 
   but it 's not the uk making threats . 
  did you read the article you posted ? 
   the current president of the eu has said that britain needs to be ` made an example of ' . 
  the eu is n't going to give the uk preferential treatment and let it pick what parts of the european project it wants and what parts it does n't . 
  that 's just common sense . 
  the uk is the one treating this as some kind of war , not the eu . 
  it 's just her setting up the table so that when they do n't get a `` fair deal , '' i.e. 
  everything they want without having to pay for it , then they have somebody to blame it on . 
  she 's not stupid . 
  she knows her negotiating position is weak , and she is trying to cover herself for the inevitable backlash . 
   how can we remain on ` good terms ' if they declare economic war on us ? 
  who 's the negotiating party suggesting retaliation and a 10 % corporate tax cut ? 
  where does this idea that the eu is going to try to punish the uk come from ? 
  it sounds like british politicians preemptively placing the blame because they know that their demands are unreasonable . 
  the eu will offer the uk terms of trade that are similar to other trade deals that they have struck . 
  if they want single market access then they have to pay the price , is this not a fair deal ? 
  is may 's version of a fair deal just complete access to the single market without having to pay into the eu budget , accept eu fom , and accept eu regulations ? 
   and we pull our troops out of eastern europe . 
  are they not there as a result of nato agreements that have nothing to do with the eu ? 
  and doing that would harm the uk 's image and geopolitically role in the world much more than the eu . 
  does a `` fair deal '' to her mean single market access without allowing fom ? 
  does fair deal basically just mean everything the uk wants , in other words , all of the benefits of the eu without any of the downsides ? 
  correct me if i am mistaken , but i do n't think the eu has hinted at all towards deliberately punishing the uk . 
  the only rhetoric that i 've heard from the eu is that the uk will be treated as a non-eu member and will not be given any special treatment . 
  is that not a fair deal ? 
  well then we 'll say no country with a stable non-autocratic government with any real power or influence on the world , or any country that is actually taken seriously . 
   imagine if america organized a political coup 1 . ), 
  the protests originally began because the president decided not to sign a deal that would have brought on closer ties with the eu which was popularly supported because of russian pressure . 
  2 ) there 's literally no evidence that the coup was orchestrated by the west other than baseless claims made by the russian government with no evidence to back it up .
