and juncker is ~ ~ german ~ ~ . 
  he 's actually luxembourgish . 
  not trying to be pedantic , but it 's an important detail . 
   i think the eu would much rather have the uk as a member with the prospect of integrating someday as opposed to distancing itself completely . 
  pre-brexit this was definitely true , but i do n't think this is true post-brexit . 
  in other words , i do n't think that it 's better for the eu to have the uk rejoin the eu with opt-outs in a multi-speed europe given that they have already chosen to leave with that same situation . 
  the uk and eu have had a rocky relationship since the beginning . 
  i think everybody ( in the eu ) would have been happier if you voted to remain , but given that you voted to leave , i do n't think you 'd be welcome back with opt-outs in the near future . 
  now this is all moot because after brexit there 's no chance that the uk is going to try to come back anytime soon , but if they did , i do n't think the eu would let them back in without accepting schengen and the euro . 
  it makes * alternative * sense, 
  what elections ? 
  the ones where putin runs against putin , kills/jails everybody who disagrees with him , and wins 98 % of the vote ? 
  that 's a silly argument . 
  it makes perfect sense for the uk to prioritize skilled labor from the canzuk countries . 
  why would n't you want an easier immigration route for countries with similar economies , standards of living , cultures , and the same language ? 
  just because with brexit , they rejected the `` european identity '' does n't mean that they have to reject the british identity too . 
  i do n't disagree with you that the current immigration situation is unacceptable , just to clarify , and i 'm not pro immigration . 
  but your economic arguments are missing the point . 
  you can cherry-pick all of the individual negative economic effects that immigrants have on a native population , but the end result is that , in purely economic terms , it is a net benefit . 
  this is not an opinion , if you look at studies , they confirm that this is true . 
  especially in a country like sweden where the economy is quite healthy , controlled immigration is good for the economy . 
  but as you said , that does n't mean it 's good in general . 
  brexit was proof that people will accept an economic downturn to protect their identities , and i do n't necessarily disagree with that either . 
  i just think that your image of a closed of sweden with no paper money , no free trade , no immigration , and robots doing everybody 's jobs is unrealistic and never going to come to pass . 
  just out of curiosity , and this may be a silly question , but , are you anti-eu as well ? 
  or is intra-eu immigration ok ? 
   of course they are to the net benefit of gdp . 
  they reduce prices -- but a price reduction is only beneficial to people whose income is from capital , as i have explained . 
  you did n't explain though , because your economics is bad . 
  you 're vastly overstating the negative effects of displaced workers and vastly understating the positive effects of cheaper goods and new consumer markets . 
  it 's not only good for investors , there is a net positive for everybody who does n't work in manufacturing . 
  if this was n't the case then the vast majority of the west would be worse off today than it was 25 years ago . 
  are there pockets of certain countries where this is true ? 
  of course , but overall , we 've seen a rise in living standards even if the rise has been slower than it was the period before that . 
  the greatest gains go to the top , you 're absolutely right , but the key to is to redistribute those gains over society and invest in education and job retraining . 
  if this is done properly , then ftas benefit everybody . 
   yes , a non-democratic government is inherently dangerous i agree on principle , but i disagree that a non-democratic government which has shown no intent to be aggressive is so dangerous that we should treat them as a pariah . 
  treating them as a pariah would be even more dangerous . 
   and china is quite dangerous to tibetans and uighurs , for all its lack of direct international expansionism . 
  democratic countries are dangerous to their minorities as well , this is n't unique to china in any way . 
   trying to ` solve ' an aging workforce by immigration would lead to the absolute destruction of all european peoples and is absolutely intolerable . 
  first of all this is a bit alt-righty and uncomfortable . 
  but secondly , without immigration how do you plan on paying the pensions of an ageing workforce ? 
  why would it lead to the destruction of all european peoples ? 
  i agree that mass immigration is unacceptable and i also agree that assimilation is 100 % necessary . 
  and to be honest , i 'm not pro-immigration on principle , but i certainly do n't agree that it would lead to the destruction of europe and is intolerable . 
   immigration necessarily displaces native population growth due to wage competition and would worsen the conditions that lead to low birth rates in the first place . 
  but in most countries , native population growth is already extremely low . 
  and basically every study done on the economic impact of immigration refutes your point . 
  immigration has a negligible impact on net wages as immigrants tend to do low-skilled jobs that native workers do n't want to do anyway , so they generally do n't even compete for the same jobs . 
   you mention automation , but you do n't seem to understand that it fits quite well with an aging worksforce . 
  that which prevents us from building an dog-level ai today is software and that may well be solved in time , so that quite impressive automation that is impossible today may become feasible . 
  automation replaces workers , but what about paying for their pensions ? 
   to preserve ones culture and ethnicity is n't to hide under a rock , nor is it futile . 
  my country is certainly better off if my people is preserved , as is the world , since our distictiveness , which is undeniably good , adds to it . 
  nobody is attacking your culture . 
  just out of curiosity since you do n't have a flair , if you do n't mind sharing , what country are you from . 
  i agree that your culture and country ought to be preserved and i am not attacking it . 
  but controlled immigration to meet specific economic needs and the free trade of goods and services across borders does n't attack your culture or ethnicity . 
   the future is one in which economic migrants will not obtain citizenship or asylum and where any asylum or aid given will be temporary . 
  okay , that 's fine , that 's up to the individual country obviously , but it sounds like you 're advocating for a guest worker policy ? 
  so you 're open to some immigration as long as they do n't stay and vote ? 
  i 'm confused . 
   direct deporations will not be necessary : the society of the future is cashless and person illegally present will simply not be able to obtain money in any way nor exchange it for anything useful to him . 
  i 'm confused as to what you 're trying to say here . 
  first , you mention that technology will make patrolling borders so easy that nobody will get in , in which case this point is moot . 
  but above you mentioned something that seemed to be in favor of guest workers . 
  do you want guest workers , or no immigration at all ? 
  if you want guest workers , then your plan is to allow them to work for a given period of time , and then just revoke that permission and they 'll be forced to leave ? 
  that would just create a bunch of illegal immigrants on the streets looking for under the table jobs . 
  or do you not want any immigration at all and therefore there would be no immigrants , legal or illegal , in which case , deportations would n't matter anyway ? 
  the premise is n't bad , it 's the application . 
  if it was put in place the way you suggest then i doubt anybody would have a problem with it . 
  the issue is that it 's become blatantly clear that the republicans do n't want to do it that way . 
  it 's clear that they do n't want voter id laws for the sake of the laws , but rather just as a tool to suppress the vote of groups that largely vote against them . 
   i do n't agree . 
  even if it were only to the direct disadvantage of manufacturing workers they , when they become unemployed will compete in other fields , increasing the effective labour supply in those fields as well . 
  if you think of it as a matter of increasing the effective labour supply it should be clear that it must increase competition for wages and that it must drive down real ages , i.e. 
  that the wage suppressing effect must be so great the reduction in prices that most certainly occurs can not compensate . 
  but it 's not clear , because the statistics say that ftas when applied fairly are to the net benefit of both countries . 
  that does n't mean the net benefit of every individual in both countries , but it is still to the net benefit of the wealthier country . 
  you 're forgetting that an fta also creates more consumers and therefore more opportunities for the richer country to sell its products/services . 
  the combination of an additional market and cheaper consumer goods outweighs the job losses . 
   while that may be true i do not see any signs that china is about to change and i think that their rise , while it has not caused any immediately obvious problems , is quite dangerous . 
  i think that it was a mistake to permit trade with them in the first place . 
  why is their rise dangerous other than the fact that they do n't have a democratic government ? 
  they have n't shown any aggression and do n't have a clear interest in demonstrating aggression . 
  not trading with them as a matter of principle would probably have stoked violence and aggressive policies from them , working with them is part of the reason they 're satisfied with the current `` world order . '', 
   with regard to borders i do n't agree either . 
  technology , especially improvements in machine learning can be used to guard the most complicated border imaginable , even against flying vehicles . 
  careful automatic inspection of cargo holds by the use of new more compact and powerful x-ray machines , electronic noses , etc. 
  is becoming easier , not harder . 
  immigration is only going to increase . 
  most economic migrants from africa come from the countries that are n't the poorest because they have the ability to mobilize themselves . 
  as more people escape crushing poverty , more people are going to want to move for better opportunities . 
  combine this with the west 's ageing workforce , and you have a recipe for increased immigration . 
  i 'm not saying that the technology does n't exist to isolate oneself , but simply that an attempt to do so is futile . 
  the world is globalizing . 
  technological innovation is going to make it easier to globalize , not harder . 
  globalization and automation is going to begin hitting the services sector , and companies are n't going to sit around paying high labor costs in an isolated economy that has a shrinking or stagnating number of consumers whose wealth is n't increasing .
