  the protesters were successful because they were in such large numbers , not because they were particularly organized or had any foreign backing . 
   and then replaced him with a pro-american billionaire . 
  by replaced you mean installed a caretaker government and then had an election  then quebec decided to leave with the help of france , and organized a referendum to become part of france . 
  by `` decided to leave '' and `` organized a referendum '' you mean voted in a referendum that is not recognized by any country in the world except russia after the region was violently occupied by russian soldiers and voters were suppressed ? 
  oh and not to mention the fact that they claimed that the referendum result was over 90 % in support of joining russia , but in reality it was only 50-60 % despite the fact that the referendum was invalid anyway . 
   we chased viktor yanoukovitch see points 1 and 2  that helped completely destabilized the country . 
  and pressuring the president not to sign a deal that was popularly supported and then rolling tanks across the border along with unmarked soldiers had nothing to do with this ? 
   russia saw this as an attack maybe you should stop reading sputnik news buddy . 
  if you have any evidence , especially suggesting that the west orchestrated the coup , i 'd love to see it . 
  let 's edit your canada analogy so we can actual see what happened . 
  imagine that the us and france were geopolitical rivals that were locked in an arms race and struggle for influence around the world from the 1950s through the 1990s . 
  canada used to be under the french sphere of influence , but had been independent for 25 years . 
  the democratically elected canadian government wanted to sign a deal with the us to establish closer ties , which was publicly supported . 
  the french government did n't want this , so they pressured the canadian pm to call it off . 
  when he did this , people protested . 
  ultimately the protests got so bad , that the government was ousted and a new one was installed . 
  france responded to this by invaded quebec and claiming it as its own . 
  they proceeded to validate this claim by staging a referendum in quebec , an area which was under the control of their military , a referendum which was not recognized by any government in the world as valid , and would have been affected by massive voter suppression . 
  they then proceeded to lie about the result of this referendum to validate their claim to quebec . 
  the rest of canada proceeded to elect a new government , except quebec as this was now a war zone . 
  it works the same way now , the largest party elects their guy , how is that any different ? 
  i agree with you . 
  i think we both have very similar ideas and in general are pro-eu . 
  i agree that the eu gets a lot of unwarranted criticism that no policy or change can get rid of . 
  and that is very much a cultural thing that will take generations to get over . 
  i do n't think that what i 've suggested will magically solve this . 
  but a lot of the criticisms have at least some truth to them , and i think doing these things , while not solving the problem entirely , will certainly help people to have more faith in the eu as an institution . 
   there is no `` they '' . 
  the eu is the member states . 
  they = the commission , the people who write eu legislation and who are n't directly elected . 
   anything that the eu did n't do was because the member states did n't agree that the eu should be allowed to do it . 
  yes this is exactly the problem . 
  the member states ( i.e. 
  the council ) have n't done a very good job of deciding what the eu should and should n't be allowed to do . 
  this is my entire point . 
  if the member states want to create a political union with a common currency and no internal borders , then they need a common tax policy and a more unified immigration policy . 
  if the member states do n't want to cede that kind of power to a central government , then they need to decide that the eu is just an economic union and drop the euro . 
  all i am saying is that the member states have to agree what the eu is and be more foresighted when expanding its powers . 
   again , that is not a problem in the eu institutions , that is and always has been fully under control of the council , the member states . 
  if something has to be fixed , it 's the mentality of the member states . 
  when i said `` they '' i was referring to the council . 
  i understand that the commission and other eu institutions are n't the ones making decisions about what they can and can not do , and i 'm not saying that they should as that would make zero sense . 
  obviously the member states through the council and new treaties are the only ones who can expand the eu 's power . 
  what i 'm saying is that the council screwed up when it decided to create a common currency , get rid of borders and institute free movement without a strong enough central government with the power to fix a problem when something inevitably went wrong . 
   apparently we really are in the post-truth phase . 
  how else do you think juncker came to power ? 
  a mandate of heaven , handed down by an angel in a glaring nimbus ? 
  did he inherit his title ? 
  did it grow on him like pimple ? 
  what the fuck . 
  what 's next : `` water is wet '' - your reply : `` saying that water is wet is not convincing to me '' ? 
  you 're straw-manning my argument . 
  i 'm not saying that juncker is illegitimate or is a dictator . 
  of course he is perfectly legitimate within the framework that the eu 's founding treaties set up for its institutions . 
  my argument is that this framework is n't democratic enough . 
  he is elected by a parliament that most people do n't know anything about or give a shit about and is elected with extremely low turnouts . 
  that is n't inherently the eu 's fault either , but the point is that juncker is perceived as an undemocratically chosen leader . 
  people do n't accept the current structure as democratic enough and directly electing a `` president '' would solve that problem . 
   i do think though that the eu will be blamed no matter what . 
  you 're right , the eu has become a scapegoat , but they 're making it easy for this to happen . 
  they do n't have a very strong democratic mandate ( if they have one at all ) and they 've shown us they 're not very good at solving problems in a timely manner . 
  that 's what i 'm trying to fix . 
  increase the democratic mandate and define more clearly the area of competencies between the eu and member states . 
  and before expanding the power of the eu in a certain manner , make sure that the framework exists for the centralized authority to fully execute that power . 
  if they did this from the beginning , 1 ) the eurozone economies would be much healthier right now and 2 ) the refugee crisis would not be as much of a crisis and would have significantly less state vs state bickering . 
   he was one of the spitzenkandidaten . 
  people voting for epp parties knew what they were going to get . 
  i do n't really consider that a democratic mandate . 
  the most common point of this thread is probably the the parliamentary elections do n't matter enough and that the parliament is too weak with respect to the other institutions , so saying juncker was elected by popular vote because his party won the parlamentary elections is n't convincing for me . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the eu reaches beyond what its agreed scope is . 
  what i 'm saying is that , before creating the euro for example , they should have created a centralized tax system with the ability to enact fiscal transfers and stimulus . 
  if they did n't want to give the eu this power , then they should n't have created the euro . 
  basically i am saying that the eu and specifically the eu council has a lack of foresight . 
  they take these broad steps like a common currency without setting up the framework for it to work properly . 
  the problem with this approach is that it has n't worked . 
  the refugee crisis would be better solved at an eu level . 
  where 's the eu ? 
  some fiscal stimulus in southern europe to go with the negative interest rates would be nice , but the eu ca n't do that either . 
  you have to clearly define what the eu can and can not do so that when the time comes , they can do it or the member states themselves deal with it . 
  this idea that the eu will expand its powers when the time comes just means that when a crisis hits , instead of anybody taking action we get brussels and national governments arguing about what brussels can and can not do and should and should not do . 
  and this inevitably fuels anti-eu sentiment when the perception is that the eu is too weak to solve problems but at the same time that the eu is preventing national governments from acting in their own self-interest to solve problems . 
   that already happens . 
  juncker was popularly elected by european citizens ? 
  i know the second part already happens but the key change i 'm suggesting is the first part . 
  it does n't have the ability to create a joint policy on immigration or fiscal matters , which should have taken care of before creating a common currency and abolishing internal borders . 
  i 'm not saying that the eu does n't have negotiating power in the world , i 'm saying that there are areas of competency that neither the eu nor the individual states can control . 
  a country needs a comprehensive economic policy to function properly . 
  the ca n't function in the long term eu setting budgetary constraints on individual governments without being able to enact fiscal policies to make up the difference . 
  a member state can not stimulate its economy without being able to enact its own fiscal policies and without having any control over its monetary policy . 
  could n't agree more . 
  in the current system , individual nations ca n't handle things that require continental action like the examples that you mentioned , but the eu does n't have the ability to either . 
  what should have sounded nuts was taking away responsibilities from individual countries without a capable centralised government to take care of them . 
  what you 're suggesting is the way things should have been done in the first place . 
  figure out what the ultimate goal is . 
  decide whether or not you want to be the united states of europe with continued integration in every area and commit to that as the long-term goal . 
  if not , then decide that you want to just be an economic union with the 4 core freedoms and work on turning back the other initiatives as painlessly as possible . 
  the eu ca n't be integration vs. nationalism as its main political battle . 
  it has to decide what it is and what the democratic mandate for it to be is , and then have parties based around reaching that goal from different perspectives . 
  stop trying to run before you can walk . 
  do n't abolish internal borders without having a common external border control .
