  hiding under a rock is n't going to make any country better off , it 's just going to delay the inevitable and put that country at a disadvantage in mitigating the negative effects of globalization . 
  the us does n't have national ids like in most european countries . 
  the problem with voter id laws is 1 ) voter fraud is n't a problem , the number of documented cases is miniscule , and 2 ) they disproportionately affect poor people and african americans . 
  in theory , they make sense , but in practice , they are often coupled with rules that make it harder to obtain an id , and the fact that you have to pay for them and take off of work to go get it means it hurts the poor . 
  and the republicans know this . 
  it 's a voter suppression tactic . 
  there was a politician in pennsylvania who openly said after the 2008 election that they should pass voter id laws `` to help romney win the state of pennsylvania . '', 
  i 'm on mobile rn but if you want a source i 'll look it up later . 
  i did n't mean it as an example of jobs being taken but just as an example of technology moving extremely fast . 
  you 're right , we can do our best to target certain areas , but there will probably still be surprises . 
  do n't worry the republicans are trying really hard to make it a one-party government with their voter id laws and gerrymandering . 
  just look at what they did in north carolina !, 
   trump is not an `` idiot '' or inexperienced . 
  whether he is an inexperienced idiot in general is arguably , but in politics he is definitely both . 
  but i do n't agree that politicians do n't have an answer for it . 
  the answer is the eu . 
  the reason we created the eu was because as individual countries , we 're not strong enough to have a strong voice in the international community . 
   we have to properly identify the areas that automation is coming i do n't think it 's that easy . 
  i mean , 10 years ago , facebook opened up the general public and twitter became a thing . 
  now , the iot seems like a possible reality in our lifetimes instead of some crazy futurist idea . 
  just saying , innovating is moving at lightning speed , governments are n't going to be able to keep up that easily . 
  but i agree with your overall point , you 're right , we definitely have to invest in education and job retraining . 
  the benefits from automation are going to be really unequal , and we have to balance them out or else society wo n't stay together . 
   reducing real wages and is thus to the very substantial disadvantage of almost everyone . 
  actually this is only to the disadvantage of manufacturing workers . 
  it 's to the substantial advantage of consumers , who can buy cheaper products , especially those who do not work in manufacturing and are n't effected by job losses . 
  i 'm not dismissing this and saying that the people who are disadvantaged by free trade , but it definitely benefits the economy overall , those benefits are definitely not equally distributed though . 
   this kind of trade has also permitted the rapid industrialization of china , a country with great internal repression and a lack of respect for human rights , which could well be quite bad for the world . 
  the rise of china is n't inherently bad for the world . 
  it 's true that china has a very worrying lack of respect for human rights , but china seems to be quite content at the moment with the current geopolitical order ( albeit , pre trump and brexit ) , so i do n't think there 's any immediate present danger . 
  china does n't have any interest in starting trouble in the world , and does n't have any alliances with anybody except north korea , and they only keep them around as a buffer . 
  also no other sizeable country has gone from middle to high income without a democratic government , so it should be interesting to see how that goes moving forward . 
   borders are coming back -- and as are such trade barriers as are necessary to allow workers to exploit what they and their ancestors built . 
  borders are destined to become even more and more porous as the world gets wealthier , and trade barriers are n't going to come back overnight . 
  it 's a lot more complicated to bring back barriers to trade among goods , it 's not as easy as you think it is . 
  the reality of the situation is that this is globalization is the future . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's a good thing or bad thing , but the reality is that it 's coming , and we can either close in and hide from it , or we can try to prepare ourselves as best as we can to excel in this new environment . 
  if you really think that the world is going back to harder borders and more trade barriers , you 're going to be sorely disappointed . 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted , at least the first part is definitely true ... 
  true . 
  but 1 ) 100.000 a year is a lot of money and even if it does come to that , the way it 's set up is you only have to pay the difference between the tax rate of the country you 're living in and the us tax rate . 
  do n't get me wrong , i agree with you that it 's ridiculous and stupid , but especially since most european countries have a higher tax rate than the us , if you 're living in europe it 's probably inconsequential . 
  dual us/italian , you 're right , you technically have to file taxes , but most people get an exemption , so it 's not that bad , just annoying paperwork to file . 
  no you do n't . 
  they changed this in the 90s . 
  now you can naturalize in another country and keep your italian citizenship . 
   the vision of that 48 % is hardly benign and it 's based on decades of leftist propaganda , like finding out there are 16 million people in your country who pledge allegiance to the comintern . 
  so 48 % of your countrymen are traitors ? 
  and this seems a more likely reality to you than the possibility that maybe you 're just exaggerating ? 
   this in fact illustrated the pervasive nature of the eu and it 's poisonous effect on people . 
  just because the majority of continental europeans think that brexit was foolish does n't mean the eu brainwashed us . 
  you seem to be unable to fathom the idea that people can disagree with you without thinking that they 're brainwashed or traitors . 
   however i 'm not sure you would approve of this ideology if i were to explain it . 
  nonetheless i thank you for your time and understanding , for lack of a better word . 
  i am always open to a fair , respectful , and open-minded discussion . 
  i do n't personally agree with brexit but that does n't mean that i think it was dumb or that the people who voted for it were dumb . 
  i think that 52 % of the voters make a calculated decision that cutting future economic growth was worth it for them to restrict immigration and `` take back sovereignty . '', 
  do i think that lots of people were mislead ? 
  yes . 
  but that was their decision and it has to be respected . 
  i personally would n't have made the same decision , but that does n't mean that everybody who did make that decision is stupid . 
  i am always open to hear the other side of the story . 
  the thing that i am not willing to do is listen to people who say that everybody who disagrees with them is poisoned , brainwashed , or a traitor . 
  the 48 % are just as british as you are . 
  they are allowed to disagree on what the uk is and should be , that does n't make them traitors . 
  52 % of you reject it . 
  are you really saying that 48 % of your fellow citizens are disloyal because they have a different vision for your countries place in the world ? 
  of course the uk wo n't accept money , it does n't need aid . 
  but it seems like your country 's idea is to replace trade dependence on the eu with trade dependence on the us . 
   europe only wants to ` cooperate ' with us because they seek to create a submissive client state and undermine our national values . 
  you really have a delusional view of the world . 
  `` europe '' as this mighty evil institution you paint does n't exist . 
  it 's a collection of 28 states that includes you at the moment . 
  and the eu has no interest in undermining your national values . 
  if they did there would be a concerted attempt to keep you in the eu . 
  but no eu politician has tried to prevent brexit after the referendum vote . 
  they fully support the uk 's ability to decide for themselves what they want to do . 
  sure they would rather have the uk inside the eu , but in no way are they trying to undermine the uk 's national sovereignty , so i do n't know where you got this false narrative from . 
  from the cambridge dictionary :  bribe ( verb ) : to give someone money or something else of value , often illegally , to persuade that person to do something you want  the eu has flooded parts of our nation with money and naturally they 've wanted something in return , that is bribery . 
  what you 're describing is a transaction , not bribery . 
  the uk signed a deal to become part of the eu . 
  they accepted the benefits along with the costs . 
  there was no bribery involved . 
   strong , united and able to stand on our own two feet whilst surrounded by hostile nations . 
  israel does not stand on its own two feet . 
  it is supported by the us . 
  and you do realize that the uk is not surrounded by hostile nations , right ? 
  continental europe wants to work with the uk and keep the relationship as close as possible . 
  lol nobody 's trying to bribe you , but i would argue that it has worked pretty well for israel , the us pays them billions a year and they act as their puppets . 
  just like donald trump will never talk to his sons at any point in the next four years about their businesses , and therefore there are no conflicts of interest ? 
  besides , he 's only in power for four years . 
  anything he acts on as a result of conflict of interest would be very short lived , and therefore pointless . 
  conflict of interest is conflict of interest . 
  you ca n't dismiss a conflict of interest by saying it 's short lived and pointless . 
  the danger of the situation is that you do n't know for sure that it would be pointless . 
  in italy , the vast majority of `` serious '' policing matters are done on a national level . 
  there are the `` polizia di stato '' and the `` carabinieri . '', 
  the first are a civilian police force under the control of the interior minister , while the latter are technically an arm of the military and under control of the defence minister . 
  they handle violent crimes , if you have an emergency you can call either one of them , they patrol the streets , etc. 
  for the most part , their duties largely overlap .
