  there are also provincial and municipal police forces that for the most part do things like traffic violations , working public events , but in the larger cities they have a more enhanced role . 
  1 ) if you work for the `` polizia di stato '' you wo n't be shifted around . 
  since the `` carabinieri '' are technically an arm of the military , they can be moved around and even sent abroad . 
  i think that there is a less personal relationship between the police and the community , but you have to understand that the country is much more densely populated . 
  the idea of a sheriff and deputy for a rural county in montana that knows everybody 's name is n't possible . 
  i like it better personally because i feel that the forces are more organized and have more accountability . 
  the highest authority for the nypd is the mayor of new york , whereas the highest authority for our police is a cabinet-level minister . 
  it also sets a standard for the level of policing . 
  you 're going to get the same thing in milan as you will in the middle of rural basilicata . 
  2 ) yes for the most part . 
  like i said , i feel that they are more organized , and more accountable . 
  i think that it is a more respected position here than it is there . 
  i have always had positive interactions . 
  if you are respectful to them , they are respectful to you . 
  since gun-ownership is n't nearly as common , police have less of a reason to be fearful/suspicious . 
  3 ) not particularly . 
  we do n't have the same anti-government tradition that the us has . 
  we are n't inherently skeptical in that way . 
  there is a lot of overlap between the two national forces , but not between the national forces and the regional ones . 
   would sacrifice everything we have economically well i 'm glad you 're prepared to do this because it 's what it 's going to come to . 
  oh , hahaha , well then i apologize then . 
  so was your original comment a satirized version of the press narrative or was that honest ? 
  is it exaggerated ? 
  obviously . 
  is it any less exaggerated than your version ? 
  nope . 
  but you guys insist that the eu are bullies and you are innocent little victims . 
  well now you can see it from the other perspective and understand why everybody here and in the eu is sick and tired of putting up with the uk 's bullshit . 
  no other eu country has anything even close to the level of self-importance that the uk has . 
  yeah but many industries are covered , we 're not the only country that operates this way , so does austria i believe , and probably others . 
  i meant does any country not have anything, 
  are there eu countries without a minimum wage ? 
  consumers in the eu 27 : 440 million consumers in nz : 4.5 million consumers in australia : 23 million consumers in the us : 320 million consumers in nz+aus+us : roughly 350 million that 's still a smaller combined market , and the eu is in progress with a deal with the us . 
  and all of these will take years for the uk to sign especially given that before brexit they had n't had trade negotiators in 40 years . 
  and it also requires negotiating with trump . 
  by the way , this does n't even include all of the other free trade agreements that the uk currently has access to as a member of the eu , nor any of the ones that are currently being negotiated . 
  so yes , you 're right , there is no winner because the eu is losing 290 billion pounds in exports . 
  but the eu is only losing 8-17 % of its exports market while the uk is losing 44 % . 
  the uk exports 8 % of its gdp to the eu . 
  the eu-27 export 2 % of their gdp to the uk . 
  there are no winners to this scenario , but i think it 's pretty clear who the bigger loser is . 
  the height of british exceptionalism . 
  i do n't remember who said it in a thread on this sub yesterday and i 'm too lazy to search for it , but somebody said something along the lines of `` the british do n't want to just be an equal part of a 28 nation bloc , they want to be recognized as equal to the other 27 nations combined . 
  of course this is an overgeneralization and oversimplification , but it seems like there is some truth to it . 
  the british see themselves as too good to be part of a union with continental europe . 
  well i think you 're all in for a rude awakening because the uk on its own does n't have the economic or geopolitical clout moving forward to retain a position as a great power . 
  here is a more accurate depiction : uk : can we join ? 
  de gaulle : no . 
  we do n't want american influence and you guys are to different ideologically . 
  uk : seriously dickhead ? 
  we literally saved you from actual nazis de gaulle : wow , you guys really do think highly of yourselves . 
  eu amongst themselves : what assholes those islanders uk : phew what a looney . 
  anyway , can we join when he fucks off eu : fine uk : i ca n't help but notice we think we 're paying too much because we 're special and we should be paying less than everybody else . 
  eu : fine , you can have 1/3rd of the extra back . 
  uk : can we rush to a single market in services and expand into eastern europe ? 
  eu : that 's going to take a while . 
  we 're integrating as fast as we can , but services takes longer to integrate . 
  maybe you guys should stop being roadblocks to every integration attempt . 
  eu : we want to create a single currency so that we can enhance integration and trade uk : no , we do n't want to have anything to do with that because we do n't trust you . 
  eu : we want to have uniform workers rights among the single market uk : no we do n't want to have anything to do with that because you guys are lazy fucks . 
  eu : we want to create a border-free zone to more easily enable free trade uk : no , we are too cool for that . 
  cameron : hey guys , i know that this is kind of annoying , but my party is having an internal split , and i told them i would get us a better deal within the eu . 
  eu : you know that this is a 28 member bloc and you are n't the only ones that matter right ? 
  cameron : yeah , but our voters do n't realise this . 
  eu : okay , fine , here are some concessions , but you have to respect the most basic and fundamental rules of the organization . 
  uk : we want to leave uk 3 hours later : wait what did we just decide to leave uk 5 hours later : wait , no we don `` t know what we 're doing eu : so you guys said you wanted to leave , what 's going on with that ? 
  uk : we do n't know what we want yet . 
  you see , you 're a really important trading partner with us but we do n't want any of the downsides that come with being members here . 
  we really just want to trade with you but our people do n't want immigration . 
  eu : okay , well can you hurry up and decide cause this uncertainty is killing us ? 
  uk : stop being mean to us , you 're such bullies . 
  give us what we want or we 'll destroy you . 
  the uk gov and british press have already done this . 
   i would say that an fta gives access to the single market under the terms of the fta . 
  it is not the same as membership of the single market . 
  this is what i meant , just in slightly different words . 
   `` canada has no access to the single market '' strikes me as simply wrong from a linguistic standpoint . 
  you 're right , but my understanding of how people tend to use this language is that membership of the single market = unfettered access to the single market = access to the single market, 
  okay , i was under the impression that the leave campaign insisted that this was possible . 
  but we both recognize that that 's impossible and a pipe dream . 
  you 're much more reasonable than most people on here . 
  okay , that makes sense . 
  but did n't boris johnson and others insist that post brexit the uk would still have `` access to the single market '' i.e. 
  unfettered access to trade with the eu without having to accept the costs i.e. 
  but that 's not a penalty . 
  a penalty is deliberately doing something unnecessary to attempt to screw over the uk , and the eu has n't indicated any intention on doing that . 
  the eu has basically said if you want to leave the club go ahead , but do n't expect any of the exclusive benefits that club members get . 
  that 's not punishment , that 's just common sense . 
  okay . 
  but an fta is n't the same thing as `` access to the single market . '', 
  i think we 're saying the same thing just harping on the very specific definitions of single words . 
  it 's a bit more complicated . 
   having a badge that makes all doors open automatically when you approach . 
  this is definitely a good description of access to the single market , but having an fta with the single market would be more like needing to request a key for each door , having to show proof of compliance to somebody every time you want to enter the door , only being allowed to carry certain things through the door and paying a fee whenever you use the door . 
  the single market is n't as easy as tariffs vs. no tariffs . 
  if that were the case then there would be no difference between ceta and being a member of the eu . 
  access to the single market means unfettered access for goods , services , capital , and people . 
  the best you can get without being a member or having deal like norway , switzerland , or iceland , is an fta which would remove tariffs and quotas but would keep all non-tariff burdens in the way of trade , and would not necessarily cover services and agricultural products , and would almost certainly not include passporting rights for british businesses . 
  there are key differences between fta with the single market and access to the single market . 
  the british wo n't get access to the single market without accepting fom .
