  you do realise that most of us experienced some occasional bullying , first hand or otherwise , right ? 
  those people you 're talking about went to school too . 
  except for some outliers here and there , no , they wo n't and i think that 's what 's important in the end . 
  i had to wear a uniform for a couple of years ( started school in ' 93 ) and nobody went mad when it went away . 
  russian bear grylls ? 
  * facepalm *, 
  it 's not removed , it 's maybe downvoted to oblivion because you keep spamming that same link over and over again . 
  you posted that at least 7 times in this thread alone and it 's a rumour from last night , based on one eye witness testimony . 
  since at the moment we do n't have more eye witnesses claiming this and no corroborating evidence pointing towards him being an islamic extremist , then there 's no rational reason to take this path at this moment . 
  eye witness testimony is notoriously unreliable , this is undisputed . 
  people hear and see things that are later disproven , they have false memories and even during these attacks there were numerous rumours floating around that we now know were not true , e.g. 
  multiple shooters , a second shooting in munich , i even heard of shootings in other german cities etc. 
  yes , that 's the maximum penalty in norway . 
  as i understand , the sentence can be extended multiple times for as long as he 's considered a danger to society , so they wo n't automatically release him after 21 years . 
   i was bullied in the school , i was beaten regularly , i had shit thrown at me and i had my head put in toilet . 
  does that mean i can now pack my backpack with ammunition , buy a gun and go shooting people ? 
  any other strawmen ? 
  so fetishisation , near 24/7 coverage and exaggerations are the same to you as trying to understand the reasons behind this and other tragedies ? 
  because i 'm nodding approvingly at most of that guy at the end is saying in the video , yet fail to see how it addresses the discussion you 're basically trying to stop here . 
  attempting to understand why people become assholes and trying to prevent it is not making excuses for assholes . 
  remember that for any such mass shooting asshole , there are plenty of others who just take it on the chin all their lives and suffer in silence or end up only killing themselves . 
  you 're free to not give a shit about any of this and believe you 're living in a black & white world , but that 's not a position i find rational or productive . 
  his motive is unclear for the moment . 
  you can follow either the [ bbc live thread ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/live/world-europe-36870986 ) or the [ reddit live thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/live/xatg2056flbi ? 
   criticising islam does not amounts to racism . 
  it does n't and , as an atheist , all i can say is more power to you . 
  the problem is that some go way beyond criticising islam and its more extreme followers . 
  they start [ painting all muslims with a broad brush ] ( http://www.psychologyconcepts.com/outgroup-homogeneity-effect/ ) , they talk about mass deportations and barring entry purely based on religion , region or skin colour , a few even attack sikhs and so on . 
  i 'm not going to go into details , this has been discussed ad nauseam . 
  a lot of this boils down to paranoia and xenophobia and only serves to muddy the water and make a productive discussion about islam even harder than it was , let alone talk about security and how to deal with terrorism . 
   meat grinder well , you sure do n't mince words . 
  i wonder how you 'd describe the terrorist attacks of the '70s and '80s then . 
  or you know ... fucking wwi , since you used this term . 
  then there 's the issue of not having that much actual information about this attack , but do n't let this stop you from spinning this in the way you just did . 
  shitlord confirmed . 
  it would be dubious for anyone to tell you anything about the attacker ( s ) 's background ( s ) since the situation is on-going and there 's very little we know as of this moment . 
  well , he 's shooting people , so i 'd say he 's a terribly rude person anyway . 
  sorry to bud in , but the number 1 cause of death is actually ischaemic heart disease . 
  i understand your agenda , i 'm just saying that maybe you should put a tad more thought into your paranoid ramblings . 
  you know , make them slightly less ... ehm , false . 
  think it 'd help with spreading your message . 
  sounds like a nasty pokemon . 
  no , thank you . 
  never go full sultan . 
  yes , he 's supporting an increasingly power-hungry erdo\u011fan because he values turkey 's contribution to nato , makes complete sense . 
  furthermore , if he 's going by [ expenditure as a share of gdp ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_07/20160704_160704-pr2016-116.pdf ) , then turkey has constantly fallen under the 2 % guideline since 2009 . 
  guess he 'll be eying canada soon , eh ? 
  to be clear , i 'm in no way dismissing turkey 's contribution to nato , it 's geopolitical importance or the turkish military . 
  on the contrary . 
  i 'm just arguing this from trump 's point of view , as it appears this week , cause he might have a new one next week , depending on what he thinks will bring him votes . 
  what 's this , facts ?!, 
  the wall just got 10 feet higher and narva 's gon na pay for it !, 
  yes , we know . 
  he 'll have the `` best ideas '' after he 's voted into office and he 'll be so good with this or that that it 'll make our heads spin . 
  the best . 
  tremendous !, 
  you just keep repeating variations of the same bloody idea , with no concern for its implications . 
  so ... ok . 
  it was deemed `` off-topic '' . 
  obama said that while simultaneously reassuring the allies of america 's commitment to nato , which is only fair , sane and calculated , i.e. 
  the opposite of what trump just said . 
  read the article again . 
  he 's expressed support for erdo\u011fan , so if his words are anything to go by ( i doubt ; he 's been all over the place ) , he 's actually more likely to back turkey than , say , latvia or estonia . 
  sad . 
  well ... bugger . 
  you take a certain segment of the population and pretend it 's representative of the entirety of europeans . 
  many countries , many differing views in all of them . 
  worse , you 're probably overly influenced by edgy commenters who might or might not know history , might or might not grasp even basic geopolitics , might or might not be political extremists , and in any case , probably get more joy from feeling original and controversial than from reasoned discussions ( see this guy below for a counter example ) . 
  you 'll find that opinions vary and it 's very likely that if these people had more information ( or rather bothered to find it ; it 's freely available ) , even some of them would change their tune . 
  also , defence vs social programs/healthcare is a false dichotomy . 
  you can and should have both ( as much as possible ) , but that 's a discussion for another time . 
  sorry for wasting your time . 
  did n't realize i 'm talking to an edgy dick . 
  latvia can not defend itself from a proper russian assault . 
  the amount of manpower and type of assets simply wo n't be there , even if they spend much more on their military . 
  take the air force , for example - even a well funded and equipped baltic air force ( estonia + latvia + lithuania ) would not be a match to what russia can field , purely based on what it has now in its western military district . 
  determined and well equipped , they could slow an assault somewhat , but the end result would be the same . 
  unless russia pulls an `` ukraine light '' , then maybe , but even that will come at huge social and economic cost to latvia . 
  then you have the security implications for the rest of europe , as well as the us , even though it 's tempting for the average voter to think nato is a waste of money and nothing can touch america , the latter being true under normal circumstances and short of nuclear war . 
  because the article has been updated since i posted 5 hours ago . 
  bbc now say it was a false alarm . 
  apparently it 's 15k staffers and 21k teachers , so it 's even worse . 
  i think i 'm ok with this type of islamist . 
  epic . 
  job well done , concerned citizen !, 
  i wonder what the hell `` looked like a terrorist '' means . 
  the article does n't mention it . 
   even the laziest observer can tell that this was farage 's moment of ** clowning glory ** . 
  definitely agree with that . 
  [ i am shocked and dismayed , i tell you !, 
  dude , the overwhelming majority of people are more than willing to call islamists shit . 
  just because we do n't all spam reddit , yt comments and fb with `` fuck islam '' copypasta does n't mean we do n't hate this shit or that we 're deluded `` cucks '' , `` regressives '' or whatever other buzzword you learned that week . 
  what you 've basically done is taken the absolute worst examples from a minority of people and blew them up into an army of strawmen that you 're now happily fighting with . 
  what 's worse is that you 're probably , genuinely , thinking you 're adding to the discussion . 
  like another user just alluded to ... you 're enjoying this a bit too much . 
  it 's neither healthy , nor productive . 
  it 's shit . 
  this is why you only have 4 friends . 
  i think it 's because there 's no actual way of knowing if they did n't later behead the guy or if they did n't behead another guy . 
  i have n't seen any proof they beheaded a soldier , though seeing the pics with his head covered , i would n't be surprised if that 's how people got the idea he has no head or purposely made it up entirely .
