   `` certainly , ma'am , '' replied the sergeant . 
   `` oh ... just make sure they are n't jews , of course , '' said the woman . 
   `` will do , '' replied the sergeant . 
  so , that thanksgiving , while the woman is baking , the doorbell rings . 
  she opens her door and , to her horror , five black soldiers are standing in front of her . 
  she exclaimed . 
  `` i 'm afraid there 's been a terrible mistake ! '', 
   `` no ma'am , '' said one of the soldiers . 
  `` sergeant rosenbloom never makes mistakes ! '', 
  there 's a [ whole wikipedia article for them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_humour ) , and there are versions for other national humours too . 
  from memory , the russian one is also high quality . 
  hitler had a lot of supporters in the upper social classes of both the united kingdom and the united states . 
  oh my god there 's an entire channel of them . 
  that 's amazing . 
  i 'm never going to get anything done . 
  sidenote : apparently the second guy in that video invented a scoring system for fantasy baseball , and also made ` okrent 's law ' which states that * the pursuit of balance can create imbalance because sometimes something is true . 
  * pretty damn relatable to today 's media , and to reddit . 
  wwii . 
  segregation still in place . 
  black and white did n't mix . 
  extra points for fort benning being in the south . 
  excellent . 
   `` sarah , how 's that boy of yours ? '', 
   `` david ? 
  ach , do n't ask -- he 's living in miami with a man named miguel . '', 
   `` that 's terrible ! '', 
   `` i know -- why could n't he find a nice jewish boy ? '', 
  me too man , and i reckon he was too . 
  that dude could n't speak for a full two minutes . 
  he was trying to hold it together . 
  what happens if my wife and i work 40 hour weeks for a decade to buy a house , to build a life , to prepare for children , and then we have one , and one of us falls ill and ca n't work ? 
  should i not be allowed to keep that child because suddenly we ca n't afford it ? 
  should i not be allowed more children , because i ca n't afford more ? 
  but i worked for those ten years . 
  i worked those 40 hour weeks . 
  i 've done my part , and now through sheer circumstance , i 'm poor . 
  being poor does not mean you deserve to be poor . 
  working hard does not mean you 'll be rich . 
  we need to destroy this myth because it taints everything in our society . 
  [ the political humoured ones are my favourites ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_political_jokes ) . 
   a man was reported to have said : `` nikolay is a moron ! '', 
  and was arrested by a policeman . 
   `` no , sir , i meant not our respected emperor , but another nikolay ! '', 
   `` do n't try to trick me : if you say `` moron '' , you are obviously referring to our tsar ! '', 
  i think it 's a bit of a weak attempt at a joke , and you being jewish only slightly mitigates that . 
  since it 's online , and i 'm not face to face with you , i 'd assume that it was someone just making anti-jew comments if i read it . 
  if it was told by someone who i knew to be jewish , like seinfeld , i 'd recognise it as an attempt at a joke but it 'd need a lot more to it to make it funny . 
  few parts to it . 
  rosenbloom 's a jewish name , he 's the sergeant that answered the phone . 
  the woman does n't like jews . 
  the joke occurs in wwii , when jim crow was still in effect and segregation was in place in the military . 
  fort benning is in the south of the united states . 
  so a woman who 's asking for non-jewish soldiers to be sent to thanksgiving is likely to be prejudiced against black people too , especially given the jim crow laws of the south . 
  the sergeant gets revenge on her rudeness by sending five black men over . 
  jonathan ross is a comedian and talkshow host though , so he knows how to run a crowd . 
  alyson is an actress so performs to a set role . 
  i 'm not surprised she might struggle with it but if she gets some practice she 'll probably do fine . 
  definitely agree with you , & think he looks better now . 
  i want a naga immortal where her ult is her playing the drum line from phil collins ' ` in the air tonight ' , but she moves while doing it like the nature 's prophet musical taunt . 
  me too , but i was wondering if it was safe for me to be that close , then started worrying about falling in . 
  quite different . 
  when you got a lotta stuff , the new stuff got ta be fantastic . 
  i read the bulk of this thread , then checked the blog page , and they 're all pretty fucking cool . 
  lc 's one looks average , and i do n't, 
  like wyvern 's ( but i could just be salty over the guy who tried to play core wyvern in 2k last night ) , but the rest are insane . 
  i 'd kill for that golden weaver , and the viper one looks heaps better than people made it sound . 
  and spectre holy fuck it 's so good, 
  genuine question : how is 1 in 70 broken ? 
  that 's for an ultra rare item right ? 
  if a regular item is 1 in 6 ( because guaranteed 1 after 6 crates , no dupes ) , then 1 in 70 seems pretty good for a rare , let alone an ultra rare ? 
  edit : another comment below says he got 7 of the rare ( 50 levels ) , so that 's 1 in 20 . 
  5 % for a rare is a lot better than csgo drop rates , and seems crazy good for a rare option ? 
  i 'm quite confused by the complaints here . 
  gabe for secretary of state 2020 . 
  but at the same time , if they had n't said a word and he 'd gone and done ~ ~ this ~ ~ a school shooting or something , what then ? 
  they 'd be blamed as bad parents , feel guilt , and they and any other kids would possibly be ostracized . 
  it 's better to just say something and have it all cleared up . 
  edit : clarified what i meant by doing something . 
  dunno why everyone seems to object to parents worrying and telling someone . 
  like seriously , you 'd just hope your kid was imaginative and not do something ? 
  like gta , but harry potter . 
  you do missions and shit and find spells . 
  shot up a school , or planted a bomb . 
  if you right click their names in the scoreboard there 's an option to add them as friends !, 
  this would work , but maybe you also do a bit of math for it ? 
  so say sbw gets a 4 game ban at international level . 
  include super rugby in that . 
  but when you get to domestic , like the npc and counties , you could count each game as being worth 1/4 of a higher level game . 
  so sbw sits out 4 of those = sitting out 1 international game . 
  that way he 'd be theoretically able to get back to international squad by not playing 16 npc/club games , but that 'd take him longer to do than just sitting out 4 internationals and paying the price for his stupidity . 
  ahem . 
  lads . 
  i believe the highlanders have been restored to their rightful position now . 
  i 'm not sure what that position that is exactly , but we 're there !, 
  damn yo , hear that commentator ? 
  * unbeaten * this year he said !, 
  but the lions want a word , 
  and we lost at the god damn two minutes of overtime to a drop goal in regular season fuck, 
  i 'm not still sore about that or anything, 
  i believe it does , friend,
