  in business , that can be quite a selling point because you know you 're hiring someone that can problem solve and come up with ideas . 
  it also shows that you can commit to something : an undergrad degree in the us is usually four years and includes a dissertation , which is a substantial project that a student has committed to and researched . 
  the ability to work and achieve something is valued because it shows that person can commit to projects in the work place , and often shows self drive and ability to self motivate . 
  you would n't see jobs listed with ` gender studies ' as a requirement because the goal of the major is n't to get a ` gender studies ' job so much as it is to show that you 've committed to a four year path of study , completed it , and now have a set of skills that are highly valued in the right places . 
  surprisingly , not everyone can write out a coherent , succinct , one page report . 
  then again , op 's friend 's sister probably ca n't either . 
  randall 's a god damned genius sometimes . 
  the workers who built the pyramids were highly skilled labourers , who would have trained as apprentices , and been paid according to the standard wages of the time . 
  they definitely were n't slaves , and definitely were free egyptians . 
  i call people out on bad driving . 
  once a car nearly hit me in a carpark because they were going way too fast around a blind corner . 
  i got out and walked to their car , and said as nicely as i could ( because i know i get angry and it does n't seem to help ) , `` hey can you be more careful , you nearly hit me back there . '', 
  it was a guy and a girl , she was driving . 
  the guy yells back at me , `` hey man no one got hurt , just be a decent fucking human being and let it go ! '', 
  and i was stunned . 
  literally lost for words . 
  how do you respond to someone who is so blindingly self absorbed that they do n't realise the indecency of endangering other people ? 
  he 's really the only one that could make an argument for having a second deso . 
  yeah , but i meant having two . 
  if there 's already one deso on the team , you do n't need a second , * unless * you 're a split pusher - which np is . 
  so that 's the only reason to have a second one . 
  tusk and weaver would be team fighting together ( i 'd hope ) , so two wo n't stack and is just an expensive damage item . 
  1893 , so twenty seven years actually !, 
  golden state worriers :'(, 
  greatest team ever ... or a team that was strong during a weak period in the league ? 
  chill out dude , i was just putting out an idea . 
  generally a question mark denotes a question rather than a statement . 
  to suggest that a team that sets a regular season record is the ` best ever ' is a fair call , but there are other factors that are n't considered , and which maybe should be . 
  i was only answering / u/bigcountrybumgarner 's question about what conclusions could be drawn . 
  i 'm not a fanboy of either coast , i just enjoy sports and wanted to point out that some stats do n't represent everything , which fans tend to overlook in all sports . 
  if you 're still trying , build an ac . 
  did it on np and got it easily , was only at half the fights . 
  so you were date material , but not marriage ? 
  sorry man !, 
  shit that streamable was really cool to watch , raptors fans are awesome . 
  we got thunder in auckland today , it 's a sign for adams !, 
  holy shit , steph curry 's accuracy is half when he 's played at okc this series ? 
  supplementary question : production is expensive to make one thing , because you 're also doing testing and research on it as you go to make it perfect . 
  what 's to stop them making three rovers , setting one to slow speed , and having two others rocket all over the place seeing as much as they can ? 
  but if you sent all three at the same time , the cost per rover is reduced . 
  the cost per rover for production also drops , because you 're just remaking and putting together the same parts you already have . 
  it 's production line math . 
  the end result is you 'd have two wildcard rovers that might find something really good and your safe rover that 's getting the majority of the info . 
  is there a reason that seven nation army seems to be the okc song ? 
  it is a good pump up song , i guess that 's why . 
  thanks though !, 
  was listening to radio live yesterday , and some bloke called in saying , `` we should build teams with form players , around their skills . '', 
  which makes a lot of sense . 
  but then he went on to say that `` damian mckenzie is a fantastic fullback , and he should be in there . 
  and maybe he 's not big enough , and he 's a bit of a weak defender - then hansen can build a team around that , to compensate . '', 
  the problem with that line of thought is that that 's exactly how the wallabies tried to handle quade cooper . 
  qc is a fantastic attacker - he can step , he can make use of gaps , and he can kick reasonably well ( all as long as he keeps calm ) , but he 's absolute shite on defence which is why the wallabies always tossed him back to a low priority defensive position where he cost them points . 
  so i do n't like this idea that we should ignore something that could be a weak link in favour of another skillset that is readily available in other players . 
  the disables one - go with lion . 
  you 'll get the first part of it in lane . 
  just hex up the opposition carry over and over and you 'll stop them farming and get disable time . 
  late game you can add a sheepstick to your items and you 'll be away laughing . 
  how does the quest `` not if i see you first '' work ? 
  i was getting it in bursts of low damage , then it stalled at 514 and would n't reach the 650 threshold . 
  ... and you 'd be mistaken  smith 's got plenty of flaws . 
  there 's a reason he debuted in 2009 but did n't make it back into the squad until 2012 . 
  he 's probably one of the hardest workers in nz rugby though , and that 's to the goal of minimizing his flaws . 
  hmm , i tried it with jugg and it did n't work . 
  that 's where the low crits came in - i got crits of 300 and it gave me 143 damage on the counter . 
  thought it might be bugged ? 
  so how does that fit in with completing this quest ? 
  do you have to do 600/750/900 after reductions ? 
  wow . 
  how does a singlet with a normal amount of chest exposed equate to the `` slutty halloween version '' of something ? 
   i had one win because it was my first time there , it took me 32 games to get out . 
  wow , i 've been in a few times for power outages/hardware failures and the like , and it 's always been 4 games max to get out . 
  what 's more , the people there are all really fun and a lot less toxic than regular mmr people . 
  it was always going to be brutal considering that the highlanders dominated defensively . 
  they clicked big time in that final . 
  it 's an interesting poll they have on that article too . 
  should he go to the blues , or the chiefs ? 
  he 's played at the chiefs before , had a good experience there , and knows the players he 'd be with . 
  but on the other hand , ngatai is at the chiefs , and those two fighting for a starting spot could be a problem . 
  the blues could really do with some marquee players to spark some action , and sbw could slot in beautifully there . 
  nah , remember his debut ? 
  he dropped an absolute sitter against italy , and then he did it again minutes later . 
  he was n't calm or composed enough for the all blacks , but he went away and worked it out and now we have ben ' 15 . 
  i loved how when he rode in , his head and helmet looked like they were tilted different directions . 
  the mr magoo of got, 
  she had them following her , not necessarily their loyalty . 
  the men she talked to were the vanguard of the horde too - the strongest men , and the ones most likely to split off with family and friends to create new khalesaars . 
  her finding drogon is something * we * knew she could do , but they did n't . 
  it proves her power , and cements it in their minds . 
  `` oh shit , we ride horses , but blondie rides a fire breathing beast '' . 
  not only that , but she 's asking them to do something which no dothraki has ever done . 
  remember season 1 when she asked drogo to help her ? 
  he basically told her to piss off . 
  he did n't agree until he was made mad enough to agree in rage , and that was her husband . 
  so she needed extraordinary measures to get the new dothraki on her side , and that was it . 
  as for timing , i 'd say it fits in well . 
  she 's got them following her , she 's a week out from meereen , and she needs to plan ahead . 
  if she marches all those men and horses into the city , they 'll strip it of food , and there 'll be issues straight away with tension between locals and newcomers . 
  obviously it 's staged at this point for the purpose of the show , but it also fits a timeframe for when dany would have to consider all of these factors and start to look beyond meereen . 
  so yeah , drogon does n't fix the 1000 ship problem . 
  he does fix the dothraki loyalty problem that could have arisen .
