  has anyone else found a way to get a racist to publicly recant and apologise ? 
  nope . 
  pretty sure the catholic church says homosexuality is fine , but acting on it is n't . 
  while that 's discriminatory against regular lay catholics , it 's not really for priests who are expected to be celibate anyway . 
  wrong brands though , are n't they ? 
  mate , you were an hour early . 
  luckily i ca n't sleep after the tragic events of last saturday , so i 'm here to correct you !, 
  people did n't react the way that some of them hoped , so they got upset because they felt it took away from their win . 
  i said this on saturday night , but it 's not a big deal in the grand scheme of rugby things , y' know ? 
  we lost to a team that a lot of us ( myself included ) expected to beat 3-0 , and with cricket scores at that . 
  instead , i at least , have been pleasantly surprised to see the lions squad come together really strongly from the appalling games against the blues and the barbarians to play really well in the tests . 
  does it hurt that we lost ? 
  for a split second , yes . 
  but then i remembered that it does n't take anything away from our team , and it gives something to yours . 
  to be salty about this loss would be to be upset that someone else had something which i have too . 
   i hope you get the chance to experience the pain of losing a series in your own backyard !, 
  ok now you 've gone too far , i take it all back . 
  i reckon jamie joseph is the one to go for tbh . 
  marshall 's like wayne barnes . 
  he used to be absolute shite , and he 's picked up the proper style of doing things . 
  now he has n't come as far as wayne has , but he 's improved no end . 
  he 'll applaud plays by the opposition , he 'll critique his former teams , and he 'll generally be quite fair . 
  marshall and weepu had one year of overlap where weepu was n't good enough to be starting anyway . 
  not an issue . 
  underrated comment, 
  what if he does n't ? 
  he 's got to survive 2 more years in this country yet . 
  the only thing i 'm ever jealous of about the american healthcare system is that you guys have dental care on health insurance . 
  i mean , strictly speaking , this is n't true . 
  if i 'm giving a speech about how i 'm for introducing a ubi and cutting the fossil fuel industry , and providing single payer healthcare , i want to be giving it to my constituents . 
  i do n't mind giving it to a few dissenters , but if i have people being bussed in to oppose my views , then no matter how right those views are , i 'm going to get bogged down in fighting off attacks rather than expounding on why they 're a good idea . 
  and that 's what bussing people in does : it quells the speaker . 
  because s/he has to choose to address the bussees , or silence them , and either way it 's an acknowledgement of them , which is bad . 
  america really needs a pm/president situation . 
  one runs the country , and the other is the figurehead . 
  trump could be your king , and you can elect a pm . 
  get rid of your shitty electoral college at the same time , and introduce some proportional voting systems . 
  that 's my problem with the setup . 
  a largely untested fullback , with a winger who 's been flakey of late . 
  there were other solutions hansen could have taken here . 
  i 've had a loaf of bread sitting on my bench for a week now . 
  still not mouldy . 
  exactly , or put dagg at fullback and stick ioane and savea on the wings . 
  i 've always found my shooter performances get better when i 've played a few different shooters . 
  overwatch , cs , battlefield etc. 
  you play a few different styles and you 'll be able to adapt better . 
  apart from that , time and getting to know the weapons . 
  it 's a bit harder in this because you ca n't spawn as a class and get the same gun every time , but if you always search for an ak say , or an m16 , you 'll get used to it , and it honestly makes a world of difference . 
  neither is ` ukranian ' . 
  1980 's forty years mate . 
  who are n't even recognisable . 
  i saw the names of them and went [ `` oh , it 's that surfy beach dude with the hot girlfriend . 
  '' ] ( http://wwwimage.cbsstatic.com/base/files/styles/596xh/public/deeks1.jpg ) nope , that 's ncis apparently . 
  whereas if someone asked me who was in hawaii five-0 i 'd instantly point out ddk and grace park . 
  you know this stuff gets announced * before * you legislate it . 
  that 's how politicians get things done . 
  you do n't announced it after you write the law , because that 's when people come out and riot because you snuck something past them . 
  there 's nothing wrong with this at all . 
   no legislation, 
  that comes . 
   no action, 
   no plan to get there, 
  the plan is what he just said `` we will do this , by this date . '', 
  the rest of the plan comes out with the legislation . 
   it 's also filled of people who never watched the show . 
  just the ads, 
  i think my favourite part of reddit is seeing people go `` there 's 7 billions people on the planet , and there is no way two people got drunk and shat all over a sexual partner '', 
  what region you in ? 
  i need to find a group to go through and 3 star it all ( in the most boring fashion possible - following youtubers who have done it ), 
  last time i played unranked it was 50 % those idle bots with the long strings of characters for player names . 
  has that changed ? 
  alas , i am au , i assume pings will be horrid . 
   telling someone that it 's `` on the 12th ... '' implies the 12th of this month without any context . 
  this is generally why people say `` the twelfth of august '' and add context , rendering the rest of your comment useless . 
  by the way , no one calls it july 4th . 
  they say fourth of july . 
  yeah , but if i can only get a game with 9 other humans in ranked , why would i look at unranked ? 
  keen , will pm you . 
  nah , he 's not saying that . 
  he 's saying think about fights before you take them . 
  do n't blow 30 bullets on a fight at the edge of the circle when they have n't seen you and are about to run into another group . 
  this is some next level american exceptionalism bullshit lmao, 
   many asian countries just play games differently than we do in ** north america ** . 
  true , i guess you could be canadian . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had a cheater tbh . 
  bots were fairly common though . 
  you 're saying the skill level is lower in asia on average . 
  you have no proof of that whatsoever . 
  remember when it was ` epic ' ? 
  this is worse . 
  this was in the australian servers . 
  i got sick of ranked and decided i wanted to play some chilled games , so i got into unranked and there were a bunch of players in multiple games with names like ' 1f2a5d5647a5b943fa1c9187623f6698 ' and ` e6aa467143446df794eedd1627c089c ' . 
  and i did n't know what it was , but then another player told me it was just idle bots , that play the game ( badly ) . 
  some of them would n't leave base after they died the first time . 
  like i said though , that was the last time i played unranked which was awhile back so it may have changed . 
  oh sweet , that 's good to know !, 
  australia , since 2013 . 
  [ you might n't be surprised to hear this has happened more than once . 
  ] ( http://people.com/crime/albuquerque-911-dispatcher-hangs-up-on-caller-for-swearing-teen-dies/ ), 
  aw , cheers mate !,
