  if you do n't register to vote , you can turn up on the day and vote anyway . 
  for this , i think you might need an id . 
  they put you down as a special vote , and they register you at the same time . 
  your vote will be counted , and you 'll be registered in the days after the election . 
  if you are registered , and you do n't have that little card , you bring id and they 'll look it up for you and sort you out . 
  fun facts : voter fraud is an extremely rare occurrence in countries like the us and nz . 
  most people just want to vote once and ca n't be bothered messing with the system . 
  photo id to vote is usually unnecessary , and is often a ploy to disenfranchise voters , as / u/stochastic __ process explained before . 
  he gave alabama as an example , i suggest florida 2000 . 
  poorer black communities registered to vote in that election in huge numbers . 
  on the day they were turned away from polling booths ( illegally ) . 
  it 's a part of the same insidious train of thought that led to poll taxes , and tests that had to be passed to register as a voter . 
  an example of those tests : illiterate black americans in the 30s and 40s being asked to read the constitution . 
  literate black americans who could do this were then asked to translate something harder ; in one case they were asked to read chinese . 
  the appointment in samarra . 
  it was translated in 1933 by w. somerset maugham , but it 's a far older story dating back more than two millenia . 
   there was a merchant in bagdad who sent his servant to market to buy provisions and in a little while the servant came back , white and trembling , and said , master , just now when i was in the marketplace i was jostled by a woman in the crowd and when i turned i saw it was death that jostled me . 
  she looked at me and made a threatening gesture , now , lend me your horse , and i will ride away from this city and avoid my fate . 
  i will go to samarra and there death will not find me . 
  the merchant lent him his horse , and the servant mounted it , and he dug his spurs in its flanks and as fast as the horse could gallop he went . 
  then the merchant went down to the marketplace and he saw me standing in the crowd and he came to me and said , why did you make a threating getsture to my servant when you saw him this morning ? 
  that was not a threatening gesture , i said , it was only a start of surprise . 
  i was astonished to see him in bagdad , for i had an appointment with him tonight in samarra . 
  i spent 10 minutes talking to someone from logitech last month to get a 3 year old headset replaced under warranty . 
  simplest thing i 've ever done with a tech company . 
   let the morons that believe this not inoculate their children . 
  it does n't hurt me and the other dane people that are protected, 
  yes it does . 
  it 's ok . you guys never win the first two games , then you thrash the hell out of every bastard for the next two months . 
  your false hope is the key to the rest of us having even a drop . 
  you can do it crusaders !, 
  jimmy always seemed like the good athelete who 'd be fine until you said something that he wrongly perceived as an insult because he was a bit dumb . 
  justin always seemed like the guy who thought he was a good athelete who 'd be fine until you said something that he wrongly perceived as an insult because he was a bit dumb . 
  andy reminds me of [ steve zahn ] ( http://img.poptower.com/pic-118068/steve-zahn.jpg?d=1024 ), 
   he literally said opening line while introducing someone 's big moment `` and here she is , with someone even whiter . '', 
  this is literally the point . 
  none of us white people care because it never happens . 
  but it does happen to non white people and it should n't . 
  look at his username . 
  he 's not going to listen to anything . 
  it 's probably related to a racist name . 
  as a highlanders fan , the most upsetting part of that game was that the cameras were n't on the streaker but still let us hear the cheers of the crowd as he dodged the security guards . 
  it 's good that the blues showed up at last - as the old saying goes : `` when auckland rugby is strong , the all blacks are strong . '', 
  so he 's still a thug ? 
  even with the blues being trash during that period , the auckland provincial team has been strong . 
  they focus on the 10 because he 's the link from forwards to backs and the entire article is about running rugby being more exciting . 
  if your 10 is kicking it rather than passing , the backs are n't being fully used as an attack . 
  props do n't make running rugby , so you need that 10 to be spreading the ball rather than hoofing it down for territory . 
  that 's why the focus is on the 10 . 
  the 10 brings the game to life . 
  does making an appearance and thanking people for turning out to vote count as campaigning ? 
  he said he wanted to thank especially those who 'd turned out for hillary , and that the other side should be thanked too for voting . 
  that 's basic political do n't - name-the-other-guy but is it campaigning ? 
  it actually sounds like he 's annoyed that the other guy has the gall to think that he has a right to know how he voted . 
  when the 10 takes it into contact and a ruck forms , the 9 usually just passes it to a forward to reset the ruck . 
  9 and 10 like to work together , so a 10 taking it into a tackle does slow down the flow . 
  even if we differentiate between offloads and passes , an offload makes a game flow much better , and it 's one of the reasons cruden is our top # 10 - he offloads brilliantly and opens up the field . 
  1 offload by nh first fives compared with 11 by sh ? 
  that 's a big difference . 
   is that when a player makes a break , there is always someone on the shoulder to offload to, 
  that 's it though . 
  an offload means the 10 has drawn in a defender or two , made space , and created a line break . 
  a tie is a loss for bernie when clinton is picking up so many delegates in other places like texas . 
  why would that bug you ? 
  should a democrat in texas not get a choice ? 
  and when you say battleground states , are you talking about the ge or the primaries ? 
  yeah but what if those conservative states , like texas , have large numbers out canvassing for democratic candidates ? 
  texas went blue for lbj , and again for jimmy carter . 
  it could go blue this time if they decide that the republican nominee is a shitshow ( which it could very well be ) . 
  this election is extra crazy because of trump . 
  the wildcard factor means that some conservatives who are n't all that far right might go `` nah , fuck it , we 'll jump ship and weather a slightly less evil storm for 4 years . '', 
  all of a sudden , texas goes blue , hundreds of delegates come through , and sanders/clinton wins the election . 
  arkansas has gone blue twice in the last twenty years . 
  there 's one name that carries that state . 
  anyway , this is all semantics . 
  the national vote should be a popular vote , but it 's not . 
  which is why 2000 was such a shambles in florida , and why the primaries are n't your real problem . 
  p.s. , if sanders does n't get in , and you 're stuck with clinton ? 
  she 's still a democrat , and she still has to work with the same people that sanders would have had to . 
  as an outsider , there 's way too much infighting in your political parties . 
  according to other reports ( from both media + local government ) , they were in line for clinton 's rally , not for voting . 
  the voting station was still open , so there was no one blocked , and no need for anyone to protest that they could n't vote . 
  jesus christ , no one said it * has * to be the 10 , but they 're talking about the 10 because he runs the backline . 
  he is literally running the game for the attacking side . 
  when the 10 offloads , you are usually putting more powerful runners through a gap : aac , ma'a nonu , jamie roberts , robbie henshaw . 
  the first five is n't usually as big as these guys , so when he makes a line break , and then offloads it to one of them , it 's a double whammy . 
  secondly , the first five is the * first receiver * . 
  if he breaks , then offloads , you have 12-13-14 / 11-15 all there for the ball to be passed out to . 
  it 's far better than if you pass the ball from 10 to 12 to 13 then try offload like the australians seem to do . 
  that loses you the advantage of an overlap and the speed of play . 
  ** that ** is why the article took two lines to make a little point about first fives offloading and why i 've somehow been negged for a bunch of comments explaining this . 
  it 's just bloody logic , i do n't see how you can disagree with it . 
  george gregan . 
  at the time we had marshall . 
  gregan was a twat . 
  i 'd have swapped them in a heartbeat . 
  he could have been our twat . 
  where the hell do you get that idea from ? 
  americans are temporarily embarrassed millionaires , yada yada yada . 
  you 're talking about the republican nominee here .
