  so many essays due , but no classes . 
  going to write half my shit at 2am between games this month . 
  is it just me or is there a fair bit of obstruction when he takes the catch ? 
  south africa loses another match , and they 're out . 
  samoa and scotland can both beat them . 
  everyone 's talking about sa being stirred up for vengeance . 
  but what about the others seeing an opportunity and getting pumped ? 
  their media . 
  they like to drive it forward and kick for goal which is boring . 
  their media . 
  they 're a wee bit arrogant . 
  their media . 
  they kick too much . 
  exactly . 
  south africa is still a force to be reckoned with . 
  but they 're exposed . 
  not like the abs were against argentina , or like australia was in auckland a month ago . 
  they 're exposed as a team that can lose their ability to keep their composure and work through a tough patch . 
  please switch off and come back to support australia . 
  the last free kick he gave looked bullshit to me , but i could be wrong . 
  i thought that the scots were running into each other before the ruck , but no one called it . 
  they have to give at least * one * of the home nations a fair chance , 
  at what point is the referee meant to start yellow carding scottish players for ruck penalties at their 5m ? 
  new zealand vs. australia , 2000 , sydney . 
  comeback was n't achieved in 10min though . 
  england and ireland wo n't be hit by it at all . 
  two penalties for it in as many minutes . 
  any other game and the ref would have been warning the captain that a card was coming . 
  it 's what you do when the abs wo n't take you, 
  nothing can be done . 
  either they drop 4 teams and make it 16 , or they expand it past 20 , which there are n't enough teams to do . 
  the drop off from teams like japan and namibia down to the next teams is huge . 
  there does n't seem to be a post match thread ? 
  thoughts :, 
  john lacey needs an uppercut . 
  scotland have a fantastic defence , but i wonder if it will hold up as well vs. samoa and rsa . 
  japan went too fancy . 
  they won against rsa with rucks and quick turnover , not the deluge of fancy passing we saw today . 
  they lost faith rather than fitness . 
  yeah , what was with the shouts during the kicks ? 
  every other game has been polite silence . 
  i 'd argue with you but i noticed your username . 
  pocock 's not the best player in the world ; cooper 's exciting , but he 's enough of a twat that it 's ridiculous to use his name as a screenname . 
  france lost in a pool with only two other teams ( nz/tonga ) that could potentially stop them . 
  south africa have lost with three : scotland , samoa , and japan . 
  japan struggled last night , but they already have those 4 points . 
  if scotland beats south africa , and japan takes the final two games , sa misses . 
  same happens if samoa beats sa , and scotland beats samoa/usa . 
  sa definitely has a high chance of progressing , but they 're under pressure . 
  would n't you ? 
  jesus christ that entire twitter thread is a cesspit . 
  schalk burger not getting done for that chokehold tackle against japan is the only i can think of , but even that does n't match up to this . 
  hands on the face are a no no . 
  you do n't touch someone 's face . 
  ever . 
  it 's different because he wrapped his hand around the middle of retallick 's face , and jerked downwards . 
  there 's no reason to ( a ) have your hands on someone 's face , or ( b ) be jerking their head around . 
  the 9 week ban was lenient , because i do n't think good behaviour should factor into a ban for something this nasty . 
  it 's the perfect answer to that thread ` why do you hate the english ', 
  remember when the welsh team was 12 guys called jones and a davies , a jenkins , and an allan ? 
  it was great . 
  and with the old meaning ... 
  `` they scored a whoring try '', 
  `` move your whoring ass '', 
  would it be more in line with the c-word then ? 
  remember the world cup ? 
  south africa lost to us and grant elliott was there offering a hand to a south african who was on the pitch distraught . 
  in the final , the aussies jeered elliott at the wicket when he got out . 
  sportsmanship is n't as common as we 'd like it to be . 
  if namibia wins , the world population drops by 4 mil , and two pacific islands become up for colonisation again . 
  what 's really scary is that team is still a world class group of players . 
  they are all really , really good . 
  and then there 's the 500 + caps on the bench . 
  because half of them are south africans who could n't make their own national team . 
  because they say they are . 
  i swear the dude is an awful gamerunner against the big teams , but god damn does he shine in every other way, 
  teams are seeded for [ optimally ] 1-2 t1s/group . 
  that means 3 t2s/t3s . 
  the reason everyone is complaining is because it 's a small turnaround to play t1s , but if you 're japan ( t2 ) , with one short turnaround , there 's only 4 teams to play , and 2 are t1s . 
  the only team that can complain is tonga , because they 're the only ones that got seeded playing both t1s after short rests . 
  because it 's a world cup not a season long competition . 
  this is a joke right ? 
  he realises he 's left a gap that 's too wide , he readjusts right when the lock dives , and the guy hits his head on carter 's shin . 
  there 's no way that counts as a kick , a deliberate attack , or anything remotely worthy of a discussion around bad play . 
  it was an accident , and no one was at fault . 
  no , it was 12 weeks lowered to 9 for previous good record . 
  it might have been 7-8 with a plea . 
  no , it 's not . 
  yes . 
  there is no reason that a player should ever touch another player 's head in a game , and that goes doubly for the face . 
  more specifically , eye gouging is disgustingly foul play that has n't been common in the game for twenty years , and we do n't want it back . 
  to those saying it was n't intentional or gouging - retallick 's head is dragged down which means the argie did n't let go , he pulled . 
  that means he had a grip , and his hand was over retallick 's eye . 
  it requires intent to take a grip , otherwise he would have slapped retallick softly then removed his hand . 
  it was scummy play , it has no place in rugby , and the ban length was entirely justified , considering the standard ban for that is 12 weeks . 
  might have given him an extra week or two playing for his club side , and it would go on his record that he admitted to doing it , rather than taking the rather stupid and childish route of denying it . 
  i 've watched the clip several times since the game , just like i did with the mccaw clip . 
  there is nothing in that action at all to suggest that carter intended to hit the guy ( other than in a tackle ) . 
  have you watched the video ? 
  or are you just too biased to admit anything ?
