  they 're there on tries , lineouts , and rucks though , which i 'd suggest means they 're good at ball retention and forcing clearance kicks . 
  combine that with the tackles , you have solid defense . 
  not every team plays the same style !, 
  this stinks of pettiness . 
  how is it unfair to other teams that they practice * too much * ? 
  you know what 's unfair ? 
  european clubs signing up the best players from the pacific islands , and then telling them that if they leave those clubs to turn out for international sides , they will get a pay cut , or they will lose their contract . 
  i 'm all for national teams strengthening their players like argentina is doing , and to be perfectly honest , i 'm horrified that you 're professing to be worried that a national team is getting practice time . 
  that 's also true of the all blacks . 
  however , both the australians and kiwis played games against minnows , so you 'd still expect high stats from one or two players . 
  it also does n't account for a team like england only having one player up there when they 've fielded two quite similar teams . 
  how would it be bad for long term quality ? 
  new zealand does n't give all black jerseys to players who do n't play with an itm cup or super rugby team . 
  we have made one or two exceptions in the past 10 years for our highest capped players to go play an off season in another country . 
  but if a player wants to be an all black they must be resident here , and playing for a provincial side . 
  it forces local development . 
  argentinians playing in france do n't develop argentinian rugby , they develop french rugby . 
  that 's why the european clubs wo n't release their pacific island players , and it 's fucking despicable . 
  zinzan brooke kicked drop goals from halfway for the all blacks , and he was a no . 
  fuckin ' love forwards . 
  nah , shit excuse still . 
  they have their club competition . 
  now they have super rugby , and their internationals are in the rugby championship . 
  honestly , europe had a chance . 
  argentina asked to play in the 6 nations 10 years ago and they were turned down . 
  now you lose the internationals , and the club players . 
  this can only be good for argentinian rugby . 
  but it 's not * one * team contributing to the national roster . 
  that one team will draw from the competition below , like it always has . 
  how do you think they got players previously ? 
  argentinian rugby players do n't magically appear in european clubs and then get selected for the national team . 
  there is a system in place , and their top level club experience is being shifted from north to south . 
  question for the australians : would toomua + kuridrani be a good centre combo for after the world cup ? 
  could they be an australian nonu/smith , and a return to the linebreaking of mortlock ? 
  singular - maori , plural - maori , just like sheep . 
  i 'll break it down for you . 
  the haka is a part of maori culture . 
  it 's not relevant to any other culture in the world . 
  the maori are the original inhabitants of new zealand , and were colonised by the british who gave rise to the white population of new zealand ( henceforth referred to as pakeha ) . 
  when the first new zealand rugby team toured britain , they performed the haka as a pre-game ritual to entertain the crowd . 
  it was n't nice . 
  it was exhibiting something exotic and different . 
  the pakeha in that team were n't really new zealanders , a lot of them would have still thought of britain as home . 
  the tradition of doing the haka continued . 
  race relations got a bit better over time , and in the latter half of the 20th century , maori had a cultural revival where they promoted te reo ( maori language ) , maori art , and maori customs . 
  now this is n't really related to rugby , but it gives you an idea of the context of the time . 
  by the 1980s , maori were promoting their identity more , and when buck shelford became the captain of the all blacks , he and other maori players taught the pakeha members of the team how to properly perform the haka . 
  this was so that it could regain the respect that was associated with it before its somewhat mocking use in the early all blacks games . 
  so as you can see , the haka has a long history that predates the all blacks , and it has gone through a long period where the tradition was n't respected properly . 
  now the last 30 years have seen the all blacks , maori and pakeha , learn how to perform the haka properly , and afford it the respect it deserves . 
  so perhaps you can see that it 's mildly fucking insulting to see an american football team , with no connection ( in order of priority ) to maori , to new zealand , or to the all blacks , performing the haka in what is a lacklustre , disrespectful and ignorant manner . 
  perhaps you can understand the outrage some of us feel at seeing a tradition that is centuries old being used for the entertainment of a grandstand full of young , drunk , white americans an entire world away from the culture that berthed said tradition . 
  mate , i said an australian version . 
  it 'd be like the australian version of marmite - appealing from a distance when you 're starving , but tinged with regret when you succumb to your weakness . 
  huh , i did n't realise that there was a south american rugby team that broke the apartheid sporting ban in the 80s . 
  edit : your link still calls them all tiers ? 
  it would n't be a case of them selecting the person most qualified to talk about australia vs. england to write a piece , would it ? 
  and then him bringing it to them and them saying , well ok , that 's your view ? 
  does he always have his hair done hedgehog style ? 
  or was he on a richie hunting mission ? 
  blood hell , not a single player with 50 caps in the starters . 
  love it . 
  reminds me of [ this chart ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ptk7toj.png ) which was floating around during the fifa world cup last year . 
  at first it does n't look so clear cut , but then you realise around 75 % of the table has germany/usa advancing . 
  in your one , it 's wales/aus dominating on the tables with wales beating fiji . 
  ruthless . 
  5 heart attacks , 2 strokes and a 6 pack . 
  as a kiwi , i 'm strangely relaxed about this match . 
  fuck off mate , i raise you [ marmageddon ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/australiaandthepacific/newzealand/9941863/new-zealanders-rejoice-at-end-of-marmageddon.html ) . 
  edit : just google marmageddon , it 's everywhere . 
  you 'll never conquer us with your vegemite, 
  wales 11-20 or 21-30 sounds safe to me tbh . 
  yeah , winning margin . 
  nz bookies site is n't working though , so i ca n't do anything . 
  have to wait for aus/eng to collect my coin !, 
  i 'm well aware of the history , hence my surprise . 
  * goood , goooood , the plan goes forward . 
  definitely not . 
  i 'd hate to see the outcome when you come second to us in the final . 
  i 'll sponsor you though , $ 1 a week ? 
  mate , your bandwidth looks trash , it 's not even loading the rest of the page properly . 
  get on acestream or sopcast, 
  fiji getting blown out , bonus point for wales coming up , england 's dreams are dying . 
  are the welsh wearing black in memory of their injured players ? 
  they did the same to the australian scrum , and the english one . 
  their forward pack is fantastic . 
  hey wales , at least you 're winning your own lineouts , right ? 
  aussie could n't even get that right . 
  yet everyone in this thread remains surprised . 
  you know , this week has been full of jokes about wales and injuries , but this is actually ridiculous . 
  they must have an entire team of injured players by now , the attrition rate is awful . 
  another welshman down !, 
  another instance of the tmo interfering without being asked to !, 
  another tmo not recommending yellow against a tier 1 team !, 
  the ref is that irish git who fucked one of the games last week , you 've got no chance of fairness . 
  he should n't say anything if he 's not recommending a card . 
  he should n't be holding back on giving cards to tier 1s . 
  not really , they 've walked all over the pool a scrums . 
  so if they should be cards , then he should be informing on them , like i said . 
  if they 're not cards , then i 'm obviously not referring to neck grapples , and he should shut up .
