  it is absolutely more about race than class , and it has been for decades . 
  in the first half of the 20th century african americans were legally given the right to vote , but in practice , there were obstructions to this . 
  the most common obstruction was a test that voters needed to pass in order to register . 
  in south carolina , the test asked the person to read a text to the examiner . 
  the text was usually a section of the constitution . 
  this is all pretty innocuous , but literacy among blacks in south carolina was * very * low , which meant that they could n't pass the test , could n't register to vote , and could n't vote . 
  now all of this can be explained away in some fashion . 
  but bear with me . 
  the civil rights movement saw a series of black education movements that aimed to correct the above by teaching basic literacy to black adults . 
  all they had to be able to do was read a section of the constitution . 
  some people just memorised it , and read it like that . 
  illiterate people often have good memories because they do n't write things down . 
  the great majority learned to read though , and this is where the state comes back into it . 
  the examiners , representatives of the state government , were supposed to enable democracy in their regions . 
  but when they suddenly had large numbers of black voters coming in who could read the test , the tests became longer . 
  if someone read the constitution , they 'd be asked to read a passage from a book , or something more difficult . 
  in one case , which is the most extreme i 've heard of , a black woman from south carolina , who had never left the united states , * was asked to read a passage written entirely in chinese . 
  and while all of this went on , white voters were given no test at all , or the most basic variant of one . 
  because areas with higher numbers of minorities are more likely to be affected . 
  and that 's because they 're targeted . 
  apparently team medics are n't allowed on the field unless needed , and the olympic guys were on the other side of the track while a race was being run . 
  they are random . 
  the top four times get randomly seeded to lanes 3 through 6 . 
  the slowest four get randomly seeded to 1-2 and 7-8 . 
  theoretically you could have the fastest seed in lane 6 and the slowest in lane 7 . 
  i ca n't speak to the others , but ` rain on your wedding day ' is definitely ironic . 
  weddings being popular in spring and summer are often outdoors , so obviously rain on your wedding day is a bit of a fuck you from mother nature that no bride wants . 
  especially when there 's the expensive hair , the car rides , the fancy clothes . 
  it 's not a good turn of events . 
  however , traditionally , rain on the wedding day is considered to be a sign of good luck or fortune for the couple getting hitched . 
  so in that vein , it 's ironic because it 's something you would n't want to happen in practice , but the omen it brings is . 
  and by olympians too, 
  penalty/free kicks into touch . 
  every first five has done it , yet there were two in there as if it 's a regular thing . 
  there 's one of him picking up the ball as the lone defender and getting bundled into touch immediately . 
  happens literally * every * game to someone , and somehow it 's a ` fail ' ? 
  quade cooper is n't a bad player , he 's just a fuckwit . 
  nrl , state of origin , world club championship . 
  brad thorn still the greatest !, 
  beaver, 
  it 's a bit confusing that , b/c the championship sides are n't noticeably better than the premiership . 
  the divisions are pretty stupid . 
  edit vice versa ? 
  i do n't know which one 's top, 
  delayed coverage !, 
  congratulations , this song 's example of irony which applies to the majority of weddings ( held in summer/spring ) , and to the thoughts of many brides ( and their mothers ) does n't apply to you . 
  unfortunately , that does n't disprove anything . 
  sounds like australia had an aboriginal performance next to the haka . 
  i only caught the last 30min , and my first thought when i saw the score was to check the wallabies biggest loss ever . 
  we were 11 points short of it :(, 
  phipps is n't that good . 
  moore always looks baffled . 
  it 's resting baffled face . 
  usually you guys spread this sort of points difference over a few seasons though . 
  yeah , but the hurricanes are an historically unsteady bandwagon . 
  you do n't want to attach yourself until they 're well under way . 
  same with the blues . 
  i 'm glad you guys won a championship so that this type of banter is allowed to be spoken . 
   but until recently could n't carry that form into world cups . 
  nah , that 's not true . 
  world cups are n't an accurate measure of dominance . 
  it 's knockout rugby , and things go wrong . 
  we just happened to lose our games in world cups rather than around them . 
  never . 
  this win was an anomaly . 
  australia and south africa are usually much stronger and do challenge us . 
  like another bloke below said though , if we 're losing to ireland , i 'm not worried . 
  i think it 'd be great if ireland beat us . 
  i would n't * want * it to happen , but i would n't shed a tear . 
  the all blacks have had one undefeated season in the modern era . 
  that means that since 1995 , they 've lost a minimum of one game a year . 
  six world cups in that time , and they 've only lost one game at each of the ones they bailed out of . 
  they 've never lost a pool match . 
  they 've lost one qf . 
  they had the best record of any world cup team before they won the third world cup . 
  knockout rugby does n't accept mistakes . 
  one mistake resulting in a loss does n't mean a team `` could n't carry that form '' . 
  no i 'm not . 
  graham henry 's all blacks were dominant , yet he could n't carry that through the 04 or 09 tri nations . 
  teams have bad days , and in a series like the rugby championship , it does n't get noticed because it 's one game out of three or four . 
  have one bad game in the rugby world cup post-pools ? 
  you 're out . 
  it 's not a sign of not being able to carry form , because everyone has bad days . 
  pokevision was the same . 
  santa monica constantly flooded , my town not so much . 
  it was because pokevision drew on the pokemon club accounts and what those were reporting to the server , rather than the accounts registered through google . 
  that 's why whenever ptc was down , pokevision was down . 
  lol , if you use all your incubators at once , you 'll speed up your eggs . 
  that 's not what i said , nor is it implied or indicated by what i did say . 
  pokevision was an aggregator of what different accounts were seeing . 
  but it only provided information from ptc accounts , which meant in areas with high google registration , it would n't have the same accuracy . 
  mate , if you think that a 30km incubator is going to last you until level 25 , you 've got another thing coming . 
  why do n't you just play the game as it 's designed to work ( and it works ) and take a gym or two every day ? 
  after 8 days you 'll have 160 coins and you can get an incubator . 
  i guess that 's what you do then . 
  i live in an area with 20 gyms ( that i can think of ) in a 10 min driving distance . 
  it takes me a week to get the coins for an incubator because it 's impossible to hold more than 2 gyms while i get to the third . 
  i 'm spoiled for choice , you 're not . 
  you have time to claim coins , i do n't . 
  quade !!,
