  i 've seen some of the nh competition finals where the try zone is about 2m wide , and then you see other stadiums where it 's 4-5m . 
  bloke must have has a stroke , he was almost praising smith and fekitoa there . 
  i did like this bit though :, 
   in the first 90 seconds of the game , tom youngs and then courtney lawes were penalised for not rolling away . 
  three points to wales . 
  how is this for stupidity and bad preparation . 
  england played wales in the six nations under the same referee , jerome garces . 
  in the first minute of that match , wales kicked a goal when may was penalised for not rolling away . 
  australia 's had that domestic competition in place before and it was cancelled . 
  this is just a new attempt , but who knows if it will last . 
  playing in france is ' t necessarily a good thing for the argentinian squad . 
  the sr team will consolidate their players , giving them extra game and training time together ( about 4-5 months more a year ) . 
  the team will be much more fluid than they are now , and they 'll be playing with the best players in the world , which was n't possible in europe since the competitions are divided among nations and only some qualify for the european champion 's cup . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by developmental teams though . . ? 
  not super rugby . 
  a domestic league would be a good start , but super rugby is a silly idea for america . 
  the time difference and travel distance is already stretched with south africa , and now it 's going further with japan and argentina joining . 
  secondly , an american team would be the whipping boys of the competition . 
  thirdly , with america 's enormous population , and the ability to find money there , it would be rude to bring them into the sh club competition to aid development when we 're neglecting the pacific island nations in our own backyard . 
  i 'd rather see ( and i think a lot of people would agree with me ) a joint pacific team in the super rugby competition before a japanese or an american team . 
  i think he makes a good point . 
  the instant connections we get with english media mean that we 're now exposed to a lot more of the stuff they publish about the all blacks , and that in turn leads to more anger . 
  it was losing money in ridiculous amounts though because they are competing with two other rugby football codes , as well as soccer . 
  south africa and new zealand do n't have anywhere near the same pressure from other sports . 
  but like he says , we do n't even dislike the wallabies as much as we dislike the english . 
  see , that 's the sort of thing i used to hear growing up in the 90s . 
  i do n't think it 's been common in the last 10 years . 
  the english on the other hand , beat us in ' 03 / ' 04 , and the response to that still has n't disappeared . 
  maybe it 's because kiwis see australia as a legitimate challenge , whereas england is n't , so when we lose to them it 's much worse . 
  namibia would be with the south africans , who already have too many teams + the skill level would be so far below that of super rugby it would be heartbreaking . 
  a better idea would be an invitational conference every two years ( year before rwc , year after rwc ) , with franchises from japan , namibia , romania , georgia , portugal , russia - the minnows of the cup - coming to play in a tournament . 
  it could be hosted by a tier 1 franchise/club , and the final game could be between the winning tier 2 and the tier 1 . 
  ~ ~ * european * fans ? ~ ~ i misread the comment , apologies !, 
  giteau wo n't be around after the world cup . 
  probably better they have toomua as a 12 to cover cooper when he fucks things . 
  and even though he does that , his try assists against uruguay were fantastic . 
  the offloads , the breaks , the vision . 
  even if he 's not at his best , he 's still good . 
  that 's reserved for the * other * pool of death . 
  given that they 're only one of five nations that have beaten the abs , i would n't mind them dipping out . 
  why would those three sit out ? 
  jamie joseph already said he 's taking the entire wider training squad up for a full camp in hong kong , so it 's logical that all players would participate in some way . 
  they 're skipping the part of it where it 's honouring , welcoming , and respecting the other team , and just using it for pure entertainment value . 
  in other words , it 's cultural appropriation , and nothing else . 
  at least the hakarena , while an asinine idea , showed some knowledge of the culture it was riffing on . 
  he did . 
  he and mahonri schwalger called out the corruption of the samoan rugby union in 2011 . 
  mahonri lost his place in the team , but the union was cleaned up a tad . 
  no , he said they would deal with hitler . 
  depends on the coach . 
  most like to give them a run to get them game ready . 
  carter played in the 2015 preseason for example . 
  but this is n't just preseason , it 's a marquee match , so i expect smith , smith , and fekitoa will make an appearance , even if it 's off the bench . 
  it is fair sport ... if they 're not good enough to beat aussie and wales , why should they be good enough to beat any of south africa , ireland , france , or nz in the playoffs ? 
  ah , my bad . 
  i was thinking in terms of super rugby . 
  was wondering how many poms there were travelling for those games . 
  three in the same pool : australia , wales , england . 
  one 's gone . 
  france is in pool d and will come out . 
  south africa should make it out , but it could all tumble to pieces for them if they lose this weekend . 
  844 caps in the starts . 
  woosh . 
  am i right in assuming that chris ashton is a mammoth twat ? 
  the only reason i know his name is because of the [ manu tuilagi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvl7bexvtpg ) video , and now i 'm thinking he probably deserved most of it . 
  perenara is backup for carter at first five . 
  slade and barrett both have minor injuries . 
  it 's in the article , and the comments . 
  two # 10s down , call up sopoaga and beaver !, 
  fuck knows . 
  i think perenara has kicked for welly before . 
  honestly though , against georgia we could probably draw straws for kicking duties and it would n't matter . 
  did you click through or just read the thread headline ? 
  fair enough , i was n't sure of your meaning . 
  half the games for the japanese team will be aways , and some of the remainder will be in hong kong rather than tokyo . 
  sanzar want this to work , so compromise is the order of the day . 
  who gives up on a sport because your team has one bad competition ? 
  it would n't even be a bad season . 
  it 's knock out rugby , and sometimes you lose . 
  you guys choked out in ' 07 , you do n't have to do it again !, 
  i think they 're all all blacks or nz maori, 
  breaking news : england has withdrawn its swim team from competition at rio 2016 after a spate of football , cricket , and rugby athletes drowning in the pools . 
  oh shit , eating my words . 
  you score it , you kick it ? 
  then pass the ball to the forwards ? 
  pool b after japan 's win over rsa has become quite do or die . 
  it 's better than that . 
  it affects the rugby championship ( b/c they 'll have 5 months of extra play time together ) , and the world cup in 2019 . 
  this should make argentinian rugby much , much stronger . 
  what ` recent onslaught ' from nz fans ? 
  he also set up 3 tries in a manner that most other 10s could n't . 
  oh , and it was 6/11 missed , which is only about 55 %, 
  yeah for some reason people have this stupid concept that the 10 has to be a goal kicker , when nadolo kicks for fiji , john eales kicked as a lock . 
  not to mention giteau has a better kick than cooper , and beale can also take on the duties . 
  it 's cheika 's problem , not quade 's . 
  you mean [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rugbyunion/comments/3myffy/georgia_making_a_mockery_of_world_cup_rugby_by/ ) set up by one kiwi , who was then roundly mocked by everyone else in the thread , including two kiwi flairs ? 
  he did two of these in the uruguay game , one to each wing . 
  perfect both times . 
  nothing wrong with cooper taking long range in front and giteau doing angled sideline ones . 
  cool , thanks for lumping us all in together .
