  from there , everyone wanted to see it because it was supposedly so amazing , but not because of its plot . 
  i scratch my ear on my shoulder and wink at the bloke next to me, 
  somehow i doubt the electoral commission is putting out a poster with undertones around sexuality, 
   what they 're concerned about is where it goes next . 
  easy to up the rate to 10 cents or a dollar . 
  now we do n't expect that will happen but that 's what they see and fear . 
  yet somehow they think lefties are scaremongering when they protest the tppa and surveillance laws because `` you 've got nothing to hide , it wo n't happen ! '', 
  and `` you ca n't sue a country , it wo n't happen ! '', 
  there 's a list of where each person voted . 
  compare it to the list of deaths , and voila, 
  counterpoint : bill english was born in his mid 60s . 
  sounds like a dream tbh . 
  i could watch that on repeat . 
  when it came out heaps of my friends ' kids were beyond excited because they looked at moana and saw themselves . 
  that movie was awesome for pasifika and m\u0101ori kids . 
  you should watch agora . 
  she 's pretty freaking cool in that too . 
  yep . 
  but they might narrow it down further . 
  each voting card/special vote form has a barcode on it so i assume those are scanned in to a system which lets you find out the day the vote was cast , the polling station , and potentially even the box . 
  a lot of people understand it , they 're just confident they can do something in a smaller time frame than it will actually take . 
  there was actually a study a few years back that tied this to happy/optimistic personalities . 
  the downside of their optimism was that if a drive somewhere might take 30 minutes , they might leave 20 minutes before they had to be there . 
  apparently they 're habitually late . 
  do n't ask for much do you ? 
  the only time i 've ever heard of weed as a gateway drug is in prisons . 
  guy goes to prison for possession . 
  ca n't smoke weed in prison because there are random drug tests . 
  what can you do in prison ? 
  heroin can be flushed out of the system relatively quickly - it 's something like 24hrs with lots of water . 
  so if you 're in prison and you still need your high , you have heroin or weed . 
  one will get you chucked into solitary , maybe your sentence extended . 
  one will get you high and is undetectable if you 're tested a certain period after use . 
  people hit prison with weed as their pet product and graduate to that . 
  once they leave prison , heroin is n't cut anymore because it does n't need to be smuggled into a government facility . 
  also , no drug tests on the outside = more heroin time !, 
  save game state ? 
  new zealand here . 
  have n't seen a cheque in years . 
  careful on this . 
  i know some friends of my parents who did this and it ended up costing them their house . 
  they had to sell up and move away . 
  can i ask why you go double-green and not green party/labour electorate ? 
  i have n't seen any electorate where greens are even marginally close to winning a seat , and i always wonder why people vote for the candidates . 
  i do n't think you quite understand how a spectrum works . 
  in a new zealand context , the centre is the mid-point between national and labour . 
  labour shapes the new zealand left , and national shapes the new zealand right . 
  america helped create north korea and is unwilling to resolve it . 
  if america did n't constantly fuck around with north korea , that peninsular would be a lot more peaceful too . 
  but sure , let 's blame it all on the chinese . 
  fairly made point . 
  find me a subreddit where the fanboys are n't cringey . 
  something similar happened to the actor who plays hal/walt ( i ca n't remember his name and i 'm going to force myself to remember , but i 'll post this in the meantime ) . 
  on malcolm in the middle he was constantly whistling and humming , and a studio exec said to him that he needed to register with the songwriters guild , which he did , and then he got a royalty for each of the `` songs '' . 
  he used the money to throw parties for the crew on set , and they ended up encouraging him to whistle and hum more . 
  source : late night interview i watched last week . 
  which questions exactly was he going to answer, 
   assumed he actually was really racist on stream, 
  lol how do you get more racist than having the n-word as a regular part of your vocabulary, 
  it 's a pretty safe assumption buddy . 
  who the fuck goes straight for `` you fucking n * '' when they 're angry ? 
  people who have it in their vocabulary !, 
  every askreddit thread is it dudes talking about being on reddit at work . 
  maybe the expectation could begin with setting up security before browsing r/all !, 
   now everyone is on the same os . 
  except all of us who are on 7 still . 
  i think they actually want rainbow six judging by the constant comparisons i see, 
   special mentions go to rural americans and ` educated white women ' . 
  [ educated white women were the only white demographic with a majority vote for clinton . 
  ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/election/results/exit-polls ) all the rest went for trump . 
  who exactly are you trying to blame here ? 
  by god * you patent infringed him *, 
  99.9 % even . 
  if you 've got 0 kills you better have all the building damage or 100 assists lmao, 
  advance voting is a choice , but voting on election day is a mandated right . 
  if you do n't have the time to vote before you start work on the day , then this applies to you . 
  vanity projects usually are n't worthy of consideration . 
  you 'd be surprised :\\, 
  if even one innocent person could be wrongly put to death under the death penalty , then it should n't be a punishment . 
  death is irrevocable , and certainty can not be 100 % . 
  this happens in articles about men raping young girls too . 
  `` sexual connection '' , `` sexual assault '' , `` sexual behaviour '' . 
  do n't try make this some anti-pc mens rights tirade . 
  ... is unacceptable . 
  no it 's not . 
  if the death penalty is a potential punishment , then every single crime that it is applied to has to have a 100 % certainty of guilt for the criminal . 
  how is this certainty decided ? 
  by jury . 
  but juries vote unanimous guilties all the time , and they are wrong . 
  and the system itself is flawed , because it 's made up of humans . 
  your mum looks eerily like reba if she did law instead of country music, 
  well a vote for no is a vote for segregation of a sort is n't it ? 
  `` you ca n't get married because that 's for the straights . 
  here , have this , it 's called a civil union . '', 
  if it 's the same thing , then it deserves the same name . 
  if it does n't get the same name , then it 's different , and why should gay people have to have something different ? 
  fuck that , i 'm going to complain for the next three years no matter who wins !, 
  we 're still a bit racist . 
  tbh , tell that to the commenters on the news facebook pages who have london or manchester as their home town but complain about m\u0101ori and the treaty . 
  you know what ?
