  i use her for everything because i can do enough on attack that my team can win . 
  but on defense ? 
  on defense you can shred an enemy team as tracer . 
  everyone gathers for the objective = pulse bomb . 
  everyone running from spawn to the objective ? 
  hi , i 'm tracer , here to take you on an unplanned detour as you try kill me !, 
  they 're about to grab a cp and your whole team is still running back ? 
  tracer blink , frozen capture !, 
  tracer e , team 's here !, 
  the highlanders defence is very good . 
  brumbies are good too , just not playing at the level needed . 
  you can see his arm literally roll over the ball , which means he had no control anymore . 
  nothing , because she is a decent person . 
  fair call man , and i find myself freaking out about the reaper i 'm against every 1 in 5 games maybe , but the rest of the time it 's not an issue . 
  the koth maps in particular , like nepal , i find are a breeze with her . 
  you know how you can just tell sometimes that no one else is having as good a game as you ? 
  every time on nepal , just because there 's so much manoeuvrability around the point that tracer is the most effective weapon in either halting an enemy capture , or starting one for her own team . 
  i think larkham 's being a prick here . 
  we all love to hate george ayoub ( i screamed at the screen at one point because he tried to tell the ref someone needed to be binned for something the ref missed ) , but that was the right call . 
  firstly , it looked cut and dry when taliauli ran over ( and how brilliant was that ? 
  he charged through those defenders and none could hold him back . ), 
  and i thought the game was going to be sorted by highlanders drop goal attempts after that . 
  but , as soon as the tmo replay came up and went into slow motion , there 's no way you can deny that he lost control of the ball . 
  he grounds before the line , and begins to slide forwards , but then the ball rolls * under * his forearm , and disappears under his chest . 
  that is not controlling the ball . 
  so when a coach that had 100 test caps with the wallabies during their strongest period says `` there is no other possible answer to what happened there . 
  it was clearly a try , to everyone who saw it '' , i ca n't help but think that he 's a being a sore loser . 
  i guarantee if he 'd had that try awarded , and then a highlander had scored in the same way at the other end , we 'd be reading an article today titled `` brumbies coach stephen larkham livid over knock-on try being awarded by tmo . '', 
  this is nothing new . 
  44 presidents and every single one of them has been a christian . 
  only 1 has been a catholic . 
  religion matters in us politics . 
   jefferson 's unorthodox religious beliefs became an important issue in the 1800 presidential election . 
  federalists attacked him as an atheist . 
  as president , jefferson countered the accusations by praising religion in his inaugural address and attending services at the capitol . 
  just from wikipedia , he described himself as a christian , albeit one with unusal practices for the time , but he had to put up appearances of being a regular christian once in office . 
  you have to be in control of the ball to ground it . 
  if you drop the ball from your hands and ground it with your elbow , it 's a knock on , because you are n't in control of the ball . 
   i 'm not certain that he lost the ball and even if he did he always maintained contact with it , so to my mind it 's not a knock on . 
  i meant that he lost control of it . 
  it was under his belly by the end of the movement because his arm had gone forward and left it behind . 
  larkham 's a prick because if he watched a single replay he 'd see the ball disappear from taliauli 's arms . 
  we wo n't be sending ours overseas anytime soon . 
  the sabbaticals are one thing , but only for the best players . 
  we need the rest to keep our rugby competitions strong . 
  the only change i can see them making is saying that you can play for any super rugby franchise , and still be eligible for the abs . 
  yeah , stephen fry , who said that victims of child abuse should just `` get over it '' , is the perfect example of why people should n't be offended . 
  now you 're just twisting what i said . 
  stephen fry is an extremely intelligent man , but on this particular subject , he has shown his shortcomings . 
  shit , did i offend your right to be edgy ? 
  no , but i think telling someone who 's been raped or abused to `` grow up '' ( i got the quote wrong ) , is a bit callous . 
  maybe you show some compassion and ask how they are instead ? 
  this sucks , but you obviously feel like you 've got through it ok , and i 'm really happy for you . 
  but not everyone does get through it by simply telling themselves to stop feeling sorry for themselves . 
  having a one size fits all approach does n't work when you deal with people . 
  stephen fry has bipolar disorder and severe depression , and once ran off to belgium to commit suicide . 
  you 'd think he would know that there is a difference between self pity and ptsd . 
  enormously beneficial , i agree . 
  if you can get over a rape , then you 're free and clear . 
  but you do n't do that because someone tells you to . 
  you do it because you go through a process of healing , either with the help of people , or alone . 
  fry is a wonderful man , but he has a tendency to speak faster than he can think things through . 
  i edited my comment . 
  the guy i replied to said he realised that feeling sorry for himself was n't helping , but not everyone can realise that . 
  that 's the nature of depression and mental illness . 
  it 's not , because it 's an example of fry saying something which he did n't think through . 
  but if irrelevance does matter , fry 's quote about being offended was about followers of organised religion trying to stop people making jokes about them . 
  people choose to be religious , they do n't choose to be black/gay/raped / whatever else they might get mocked for . 
  i believe he was talking about university students in the uk asking for texts to be removed from courses because of content they containted - which is ridiculous . 
  adding a warning to the course reader would be perfectly fine ( and takes no time ) . 
  self censorship to avoid something traumatic or unpleasant is perfectly fine . 
  reddit is filled with it . 
  every time someone posts a link/image in the comments to an image of a flesh eating disease around someone 's gooch , there 's guaranteed to be a reply saying `` that link 's staying blue '' . 
  no one complains about nsfw tags , or r/ao ratings on films . 
  so why do we seem to give a shit when someone posts a story about being raped but starts with `` trigger : i talk about being raped here '' ? 
  exactly , but as i said in another comment , fry has a habit of being quick with his words and slower with his thought . 
  he 's had to do the dust yourself off thing , and he 's been enormously successful afterwards , but i think he might forget the beforehand . 
  the original quote in this thread ( where fry says he does n't give a shit if you 're offended , why should that matter ) was specifically in response to people being outraged that their religion was being joked about . 
  that quote gets twisted to be a shield against all sorts of jokes that are about things which are n't a choice : disability/race/gender , while religion is clearly a choice . 
   it 's about using said abuse to quell any form of discussion because your feels will be hurt . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's about using said abuse to avoid partaking in discussion . 
  the quote was said in the context of people asking for trigger warnings on reading materials at an english university , because they were being given texts that featured rape and abuse without warning . 
  no one was trying to stop the discussions , they just wanted a warning that it was going to happen . 
  doubtful . 
  the australians and the south africans both allow their players to play overseas , and still represent the wallabies and the springboks . 
  to play for the all blacks , you have to play for a new zealand franchise . 
  the only ones who leave are the ones who have no hope of making the abs regularly ( or at all ) , see nick evans/luke mcallister for example , who both came up at the same time as dan carter . 
  the only time others leave is when their days are done . 
  but i think we might get to a point where the nzrfu says that they can play overseas as long as it 's still for a super rugby franchise . 
  that way the sunwolves and jaguares could potentially pick up a player or two , and our guys would be on the money . 
  he said that fixing the servers is their priority . 
   they ask the dumbest questions like `` what was your favorite scene !? '', 
  who fucking cares . 
  obviously the person who took the time to go to the con , get in the line to go to the panel , and had the balls to stand up and ask a question in front of a few hundred people . 
  here 's an idea : why do n't you do that instead of sitting back and observing and complaining when no one reads your mind for you ? 
  it 's cute how you mock a child who asked a question in a quite intimidating setup like that . 
  yeah , but there 's an entire sub up in arms about not being able to track pokemon . 
  imagine how mad they 'll be if the casual player gets welcomed over their hardcore diehard ideas . 
  that does n't explain why the guy above has over a hundred potions and revives each , and only one ball .
