  * scotland making a final , or better . 
  * japan making the qf , and beating whoever they meet there . 
  * ireland v. nz final , ireland win . 
  * argentina v. nz final , argentina win . 
  i think these are the special ones , because nz has n't lost to these teams , whereas every other team has at some point . 
  in the case of scotland and japan , them making it anywhere is completely unexpected , so it 'd be nice for * anything * to happen there . 
  put it down to eddie jones . 
  he knew what was happening . 
  it 'll be lost amongst all the soul searching posts by english flairs . 
  if they lose to ireland they ** do ** play nz . 
  that change from an 18 point deficit with 6 to go was incredible . 
  i ca n't believe hb were moving in on it . 
  haha , god that was ridiculous . 
  nz had 25 errors , but look at a game like ireland 2013 . 
  that 's the type of thing nz is expected to pull off - 30 odd phases of catch and pass . 
  it 's the most basic rugby skill , and teams here get entire days of just catch and pass . 
  it was like canada losing to jamaica in ice hockey . 
  it just goes to show , anything can happen . 
  also , eddie was aussie 's coach !, 
  but i 'd give them a waaay better shot against wales . 
  24 passes , one mistake in the form of a pass to no one . 
  ben smith is an awful winger compared to fullback lol . 
  he can cover it if needed , but he 's way better as a fullback . 
  it 's true though . 
  he 's an average winger , and an exceptional fullback . 
  here 's another sentence for you too !, 
  `` ben smith had a piece of cake today and it was awful . '', 
  maybe , but did you see that last lineout where the english jumper floated a pass down ? 
  the receiver dropped it and lost the game . 
  crockett is a liability . 
  he gives away penalties like nobody 's business , and that 's exactly what we do n't want . 
  ireland . 
  i do n't care about who we face . 
  i watched him during the rugby championship , and complained when he came on because of it . 
  within 5 minutes , he had given away a penalty that was in line with the posts on the 22 . 
  i 've watched every abs game since 2011 . 
  he 's average . 
  he 's not great , he 's not bad . 
  we have better wingers . 
  why would we play him on the wing ? 
  this is how we lost '07 - muliaina , one of the best fullbacks in the world at the time was played at centre . 
  they did . 
  then wales mauled them out . 
  twice . 
  remember ? 
  man , people really react negatively to banter round here . 
  you know that if australia had been knocked out , the english would have loved it . 
  uruguay over fiji , japan below samoa and the usa . 
  brilliant . 
  that 's the ruse !, 
  now we 'll see owen franks charge the gap, 
  i hope the scots are fit , because they 're rushing the samoa line like madmen . 
  * cough * cardiff, 
  not according to wiki . 
  england just did n't have the stadium capacity to do it themselves . 
  jesus , i went to take a piss and it went from 3-3 to 10-10 , now they 're scoring more tries . 
  exactly what pacific rugby should have been throughout this world cup . 
  pity it 's taken until the last samoan game for them to kick into gear . 
  you blind mate ? 
  just saw it from three angles and no one is near the scottish lad 's neck . 
  it is , but he 's white playing brown . 
  so who knows . 
  all good , never downvoted you anyway , so i wo n't revise anything . 
  it was appealed down to two , but yeah , still shit . 
  especially since that pommie twat got away with a boot to the face . 
  what are you bothered about ? 
  one of these teams is going to tire out , surely . 
  well firstly , it 's not a card , it 's a fact . 
  secondly , are you really trying to deny that ethnicity has played a part in this ? 
  tom wood - warning . 
  hooper - 1 week . 
  nadolo - 1 week for nothing . 
  q cooper , schalk burger - nothing for the same thing . 
  pretending that samoa and scotland was ever going to be close to 100-0 , or that they were even different tiers , is silly . 
  scotland 's tier 1 by virtue of six nations status , not because of an elevated skill level . 
  nah , scotland win and they 're through . 
  it 's basic h2h , no special calculating . 
  what are you then ? 
  i was n't rude , i just pointed out that the statement does n't apply to this game ( or this game thread ) . 
  sorry , i meant h2h as in japan wins , scotland loses , winner proceeds . 
  scotland ca n't win this game and miss out because they 're already 2 points ahead . 
  japan would need to win and get 2 bonus points , which is impossible . 
  then you 're blind , or stupid , because it 's pretty clear that different teams get different treatment , and it 's all too often teams that are n't white . 
  prophecy fulfilled ? 
  england exetered last week !, 
  i think he means this year . 
  you forgot [ the great emu war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war ), 
  the argie was n't receiving the pass , so it 's the defender 's fault for going for him , and not the receiver . 
  ca n't really blame the argies for that . 
  would n't you be angry if you were n't quite good enough for the south african team , and ended up in the team of world cup whipping boys ? 
  these argentinians have got fucking rubber magnets in their finger tips !, 
  namibia used to be west south africa , their whole team is basically rsa g-squad . 
  ... you mean ... kiwis ? 
  someone should give george ayoub a medal for his enthusiasm for av equipment . 
  he lowered him to the ground , and he did n't land him on his head or neck . 
  a red would be excessive . 
  [ richie mccaw spear tackled by lote tuqiri ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikqg1k-mbdq ), 
  [ brian o'driscoll spear tackled by mealamu/umaga ] ( https://youtu.be/osxjydhfkn0?t=1m27s ), 
  [ force player spears shark player ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hrb9wuudzo ), 
  [ sam warburton spear tackle on french winger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylpptt_ncp0 ),
