  but it did disappear after a set amount of time , and if it was rarer , the time was shorter . 
  so it 's possible that this group of kids ran over , found it , it disappeared , and they did n't understand how it worked . 
  except that if they 're staggering catches , they 've been doing this awhile and have realised that 's not how it works unless they 're really , really dumb . 
  this sort of thing is so weird , do people do it ? 
  i have friends who post meals they made to facebook but it 's because it 's a seven course dinner for an occasion . 
  no one bragging about wednesday night lasagne, 
  someone else brought this up , and i realised that a lot of recipes use tsp and tbsp rather than t and t which is way simpler . 
  metric here . 
  we still use cups , and all fractions therein . 
  i 'm the original comment at the top of this thread , can i jump in and shill for an awesome book ? 
  https://www.bookdepository.com/cakes-no8-pam-corbin/9781408808597 - she 's really good at explaining how everything works and walks you through the recipes really well . 
  also there 's a whole range of stuff in there , so it 's sort of a perfect intro to a lot of different types of baking . 
  also , multi layer cakes ? 
  make a double batch of a single vanilla cake . 
  put the mix in two separate tins . 
  when they 're finished baking , cut off the domed top with a very sharp knife . 
  then cover one with jam , turn the second one upside down , and put it on top . 
  you should have the bottoms of the second cake visible on top , and it 's nice and smooth . 
  the tops of both cakes ( which you sliced into and will be fluffy cake ) are sandwiched together with jam . 
  dust the top with some icing sugar and you 're set . 
  people will love it . 
  if it went down this path , do you not think we 'd all be ok because valve is rich as fuck ? 
  gabe would start his own isp just to guarantee dota users a place to play . 
  ( i consider net neutrality to be a very serious thing , please write to your local politician . ), 
  this is america !, 
  we watch our families starve amongst our piles of opulent purchases !, 
  jokes ca n't be racist ? 
  how do you know they 're not trying to fix it and it 's quite difficult ? 
  why is it every time something goes wrong with a video game there 's a million reddit posts complaining about it , but no one saying `` hey , maybe * they * like playing their game too and are n't able to right now ? '', 
  cool for you . 
  but i have family members who would be affected by this , so i say something . 
  because if i do n't , and if no one else does , then this stays as a normal and accepted thing to do . 
  i ca n't imagine road rage with guns added to it . 
  i once got stuck behind the nastiest person of all time . 
  she parked her car across a driveway ( illegal ) , in front of two other cars in legitimate car parks so they could n't move out , and in front of my car which was parked roadside . 
  behind me was another car , and to my right was a line of traffic waiting for the lights . 
  i could n't get out because this woman decided this was the perfect spot . 
  worst bit ? 
  i got out of my car , walked up to hers , and asked her to move . 
  she told me to piss off and stop being so needy , and i was about to yell at her when i saw that there was a kid in the backseat . 
  just watching her mum be an absolute fuckwit . 
  how pathetic do you have to be ? 
  ok so first of all , jokes do n't need to be offensive to be funny . 
  that 's a ridiculous standard to hold . 
  secondly , making a joke about chinese imports being cheap when referring to a korean ? 
  that is tragically low effort . 
  and it 's playing on * really * overused stereotypes about all asians looking the same . 
  monty python making jokes about christians is fine because they 're in a majority christian country , where christians have n't been persecuted . 
  monty python is also several decades old and most people would like to think we 've progressed from a period where being gay was illegal . 
  especially when he heard the hatless guy behind him yell out . 
  bit stupid of the blue shirted bloke, 
   i 'm not the sort to paint people i disagree with as literal nazis, 
  until they start doing the same things the nazis did , right ? 
  he and his company have also acknowledged climate change , agreed that the paris agreement is the right path for the us , and have a vested interest in keeping the planet alive - because they 're the ones that will make money with renewable energy sources . 
  bernie supporters still rock about singing `` bernie would have won !, 
  '' , so fuck them tbh, 
  yeah what the fuck . 
  i 've never seen someone light up in another person 's house indoors , and even outside they always ask if it 's ok to smoke in that area . 
  yeah , it was a joke , hence my brackets . 
  i did n't think an / s tag was necessary , but apparently i was wrong, 
  i 'll never stop being amazed at the entitlement shown by users here . 
  how do i know they 're trying ? 
  because it 's a server issue in one of their major markets and because this company is good at fixing its shit . 
  secondary reason ? 
  because they need it working to make a fuckton of cash . 
  final reason ? 
  because my region had this issue a week ago , and it got fixed , and no one said a thing about it publicly . 
  there 's no fucking faith on this sub , and i 'm not surprised they do n't say anything because then there 'd probably be some huge backlash over that too . 
  uh-huh , sure buddy . 
  you do n't even seem to know what baking is , given you asked me if i could make choux or italian meringue , which would fall under the pastry chef 's work , not a baker 's . 
   even then they would n't be literal nazis . 
  right , because literal nazis are the ones from wwii who were members of the nazi party . 
  do you have a problem with the modern lot being called fascists then ? 
  because many of the actions taken by the us government in the last six months have more than a shadow of resemblance to eco 's 14 points of fascism . 
  the point i 'm trying to make is that being pedantic about labelling something can be bad because it results in no label being used . 
  without a label , a lot of people ca n't recognise similarities between two political movements , for example . 
  so while i do n't think trump is hitler ( or a nazi ) , he 's got followers who glorify hitler , and most definitely are neo-nazis , and calling them nazi seems sensible . 
  you 're the one that waited a full day to reply to me . 
  when someone says `` all lives matter '' in response to a blm protest , they 're dismissing the point of the protest . 
  blm was never about black lives mattering more , or being more valuable . 
  it was calling attention to one specific problem - police violence . 
  saying `` all lives matter ! '', 
  is dismissing the fears and worries of the blm campaign , because it 's not all lives that are at risk from the problem they 're trying to target - it 's black lives . 
  [ john crawford iii was killed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shooting_of_john_crawford_iii ) by police after someone saw him holding a toy bb gun at a walmart and called the cops . 
  there were no verbal commands given by responding officers . 
  they shot instantly upon gaining sight of crawford . 
  you said you did n't know what he was referencing . 
  i told you . 
  there is no ambiguity whatsoever . 
  it 's a very simple process to follow . 
  black people being disproportionately killed by police . 
  these killings are not covered by the media , and get little exposure . 
  protesters begin to draw attention to these killings , and need a slogan . 
  the slogan is ` black lives matter ' , because when a black person is killed by officers with no justification , and no one talks about it , it seems like it does n't matter . 
  it 's really fucking simple . 
  the fuck sort of bet did you lose, 
  he has a hell of a story in his post history about a race back to la from burning man with numerous toilet stops ... 
  just like the library of congress . 
   during world war ii , a sergeant stationed at fort benning gets a telephone call from a woman . 
   `` we would love it , '' she said , `` if you could bring five of your soldiers over to our house for thanksgiving dinner . '',
