  with no reinforcements , hungary was his . 
  batu did n't exactly need more land . 
  he was well established in south russia by that point . 
  i 'm not sure why you think he would have been given those lands anyway ? 
  or why he would have to give back an army . 
  the army was his , just as chagatai 's army remained with him in iran when ogedai succeeded genghis . 
  batu had to return to mongolia because of his political influence . 
  with both genghis ' and ogedai 's generations dead , it fell to a new generation to rule . 
  there were too many possible successors , batu being one . 
  his return was most likely to try and stop his political opponents becoming the great khan . 
  in this he failed , as guyuk succeeded ogedai . 
  the entire empire was at risk of collapsing from political infighting . 
  conquering western europe would n't have saved it . 
  a lot of people have commented here , but there were one or two things i found interesting which i do n't think were mentioned . 
  as / u/agentdcf pointed out , this information is incredibly common , and usually used as some sort of rebuttal to the racist history of slavery . 
  what these people neglect to mention when they bring it up however , is that the irish were n't viewed as equal on any level to the english . 
  the fact that they were ` white ' accounted for nothing . 
  they were a different ethnic group , and an inferior one . 
  this continued on well past the age of indentured servitude . 
  also , the laws surrounding indentured servitude were incredibly lax prior to 1682 . 
  it was only then that charles ii instituted a law mandating that the contracts they signed had to be witnessed by magistrates . 
  prior to that , there were many claims of kidnapping , ill treatment , abuse , and slavery . 
  historical sources do n't shed much light on the kidnapping charges , as they were criminal acts and thus not recorded . 
  but it 's postulated that the claims were in some cases true ( an example is of a man who returned to england and testified to parliament that his sister had had him transported ) , and in others , were merely made by people who were faced with a life in virginia far different to expectations . 
  there were rumours as early as 1649 that anyone who signed an indenture contract was sold as a slave upon reaching virginia . 
  lastly , after 1682 , the volume of african slaves notably increased . 
  they were cheaper than indentured servants , and by this time , the english were able to ship them directly from africa , whereas before they 'd come via the caribbean . 
  the law that was signed by charles regulating indentures also slackened the trade . 
  how did you learn the ropes of writing for censored media ? 
  was there a guide you were given , or did you just learn by writing and having it edited to nothing ? 
  the following are books i used during my undergraduate studies and found suitable for discussion of the conquest of the americas . 
  stephen greenblatt , * marvelous possessions : the wonder of the new world *, 
  luis rivera , * a violent evangelism : the political and religious conquest of the new world *, 
  david stannard , * american holocaust : columbus and the conquest of the new world *, 
  robert buffinton and lila caimari , * latin american civilization : history and society , 1492 to the present *, 
  benjamin keen , * a history of latin america *, 
  almost all of these deal with the effects that the colonisation had on the indigenous peoples of the americas . 
   im sorry but that is wrong , just look at the letter to the pope . 
  the great khan guyuk at that point clearly wanted to conquere europe as well , and he would have if they had the time to do so . 
  the mongol defently focues on hungary because its the best place to start attacking europe but there is really no indication that they had any intention to stop . 
  they keeped attacking the song until they were conquered , they went as far as they could in the middle east , they clearly wanted to go further into egypte . 
  why would europe be a exeption ? 
  there is no indication they intended to stop , but there is nothing proving that they intended to go on . 
  hungary was a land similar to mongolia - grasslands - as i 've said already . 
  it was a jumping point . 
  they capture it , and then they can scout and choose whether or not they push onwards . 
  it was likely they would want to , but we do n't know for sure . 
  secondly , guyuk was n't khan at this point . 
  hungary was invaded in 1241/1242 . 
  ogedai khan died in december 1241 , and the succession was held up by batu , who never showed up in mongolia . 
  that delayed the succession . 
   im not sure why your tell me this , i dont see how him becoming great khan would lessen his hunger for power and conquest . 
  it had nothing to do with batu becoming great khan . 
  he was a well documented rival of guyuk khan , and did not want guyuk as the overall ruler . 
  so he had to return to raise another in his place . 
  that plan failed , but not before batu delayed it for several years . 
  i think you might be confusing your timeline a bit . 
  just to clarify it :, 
  genghis khan was alive when the first raids to the west were conducted by subedei . 
  this gives him knowledge of western geography . 
  ogedai succeeded him and was the ruler when hungary was being invaded . 
  guyuk came after ogedai , and after batu and subedei had returned east . 
  at the time when indentures were most common , the hierarchy was n't completely established in america . 
  there were multiple uprisings and disturbances in the 17th century where black and white slaves/servants worked together , without regard for status . 
  as far they were concerned , it was them vs the plantation owners . 
  by the end of the 17th century , indentures were growing less common and the slaves coming straight from africa no longer had the advantage of learning english before reaching america , like the previous caribbean slaves had . 
  the two groups were effectively separated by the barrier . 
  the reason i point all of this out is because the claims of `` white slavery '' are usually only used by people who want to diminish the experience and cultural memory of african americans , writing off slavery as something that was n't racist . 
  but because the irish were n't viewed as equal to the english , we know that it was a case of using perceived inferior peoples as cheap or free labour . 
  as for irish assimilation into american society , i feel like that should be another post entirely . 
  it never came as easily as you make it sound . 
  the problems experienced by the irish in that regard were also common to italians , greeks and others from southern and eastern europe . 
  i had often wondered how this occurred myself , but i found one part of the answer when i was reading a history of the mongols for another post on this sub. , so i 'll contribute what little i can . 
  when the mongolian horde invaded hungary ( 1241 ) , they sent scouts onward into the west , and one party was caught by austrian troops . 
  among them was an englishman who had been exiled from england , and had gone to the holy land . 
  once there , he had learned several languages and become involved with merchants acting as spies for the mongols . 
  they transported him to batu , the later head of the golden horde . 
  the englishman served with the mongols for some twenty years , as he was taken by them around 1221 . 
  he was able to pick up mongolian through the muslim interpreters , and eventually became fluent . 
  this is only one example , but it is a good one i think , because it is a meeting of two cultures from opposite ends of the world . 
  one , from england , was able to travel to the middle east and learn the languages , before connecting with some from the far east . 
  if one did it , it 's highly likely that more did . 
  especially with the number of western europeans making their way to the holy land . 
  there is a book written about this englishman . 
  it 's called * the tartar khan 's englishman * , and it 's by gabriel ronay . 
   it shows how arbitrary , fluid and opportunistic racist systems can be . 
  that 's pretty much the main point i wanted to make , and you say it much better than i did haha . 
  it 's the one thing i think needs to be voiced every time this issue is brought up , rather than just dismissing it straight away as more `` anti-racism '' stuff . 
  thanks for your posts too , enjoyed reading them . 
  an african american teenager who was sentenced to death at the age of 14 for the murder of two white girls , has been exonerated , 70 years after his execution . 
  [ newspaper link ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/12/17/george-stinney-exonerated_n_6342148.html?ncid=fcbklnkushpmg00000063 ), 
  [ history of the case ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/10/george-stinney-black-teen-executed-new-trial_n_4250315.html ), 
  jurassic park . 
  empires require a line of succession to keep control within the hands of one family , or line of rulers . 
  alexander 's empire was split up between his generals , decentralizing the political power . 
  in addition , the military was split , leaving the empire open to rebellion and revolution throughout the territories it controlled . 
  the mongolian empire was different . 
  as / u/desoulis pointed out , it lasted more than three decades after genghis ' death . 
  this was because genghis foresaw the issue and named ogedai as his successor before he died . 
  he also had his generals swear to honour his wishes , and so the empire passed without trouble to ogedai .
