  no one cared if you lost one hit of mana burn out of the thirty per second you dealt , because the lightning damage was great . 
  5 down to 3 means he can push out a lane almost twice as fast . 
  and if he 's stunlocked for a few seconds , he can get out 2s faster , avoiding all the damage you 'd unload in that 2s . 
  most people here are american and they think in this or that binaries rather than in spectrums of behaviour . 
  also applies to groups of people e.g. 
  all peruvians are trash , all low mmr got there with shit skill ( except themselves ) , all players that deviate from a standard itembuild are bad . 
  torte makes a guide ? 
  he 's a god who will be heaven to play with . 
  torte rages in a pub ? 
  he 's a mortal arsehole like every other dota player . 
  either of those gets compromised in one tiny way , the entire view is chucked . 
  is n't pierce damage just a chance to ignore armour ? 
  radiant has a shrine right there too though ? 
  acrobatics everywhere , and today , their descendants perform those same leaps of logic to defend the confederate flag . 
  true , but then the dire path to river rune from mid is narrow too - people die constantly bc they ca n't escape the river fast enough when a pre-0 :00 fight breaks out there . 
  pictures of putin riding him ? 
  as opposed to all those us presidents that did n't win the presidency ? 
  the headline is accurate . 
  vice presidents do n't contest the presidency - they just get it . 
  people were levelling stats on am before 15 ? 
  i always went blink-mb-blink-spell-blink then maxxed spell/mb as required for lane opposition . 
  never went stats until i 'd got maxxed spell shield up . 
  hang on , remind me how ninth gate mindfucks you ? 
  i just remember him getting fucked with a flaming church in the background, 
  mate , irrelevant fuckin point . 
  we 're debating where he 's from based on the information given in his post . 
  he 's clearly not a pom if he 's calling it maccas , so nothing else matters . 
  my phone company provides free spotify premium , it 's fantastic . 
  blink 's wonderful as an escape , which is needed if you 're against a ranged offlaner , or a dual lane that has mana pods to restore after you burn them . 
  it 's also essential if you 're getting in close to harass their heroes with mana burn because you can get trapped by creeps aggroing . 
  i play below 3k mmr , so a useful support is n't that common . 
  it also means i always have a dual lane against me , usually with a ranged support who harasses me endlessly . 
  spell shield is perfect for that . 
  cutting out the middle man is an essential part of good business practice !, 
  i was going to say this is quite cynical but then i realised i did this in my country 's last election and i do n't have a clue who i voted for ( i live in a safe electorate/district where my mp could never have lost ) . 
  probably better than the states , but not perfect by any means . 
  i 'm white , so i ca n't speak to how it would be for you , but i know that certain groups of people still talk about m\u0101ori , pacific islanders , and asians in casually racist tones . 
  if you 're black or latinx , i 'd make a very tenuous guess that because you 'd be such a minority in the country you 'd be seen as more of an interesting person than a threatening one ( threatening to culture - there 's always been fears about kiwi culture disappearing ) . 
  i 'd say all of this as a worst case scenario , and i think you 'd probably quite like it and be very happy because it is a lovely place to live . 
   the circular xp bar seems fine to me , one of the things that look okay in this new ui . 
  i have n't played yet , but from the screenshots/streams i 've seen , the xp circle seems great . 
  the old one was a waste of space and all i ever used it for was to try calculate how much xp a creep gave when i was bored jungling . 
  is that the one where dendi coiled 3 heroes trying to tp home to save the ancient and stranded them all at dire t3s ? 
  edit : turns out i remembered this awesome play with all glory to my fave . 
  i 'm so sorry s4, 
  ench does n't * need * neutrals after early game though . 
  she can do just as well going full carry mode and converting enemy siege creeps to take on towers . 
  mmm , but if people react to one thing and then snowball their reactions we could end up with something a whole heap worse as icefrog tries to fix it . 
  i agree with the people saying give it a bit of time . 
  no worries , hope everything works out for you , whatever you decide to do !, 
  did you really need to know that you had 2376/8000 xp points for level whatever ? 
  or did you just need a progress bar to show that you were at 25 , 50 , 75 % ? 
  personally , i do n't care about the number - just the progress . 
  in that regard a circle is much better . 
  it 's easier to figure out a fraction on a circle than on a straight bar because you can use the times like on a clock . 
  haha i fucked it, 
  i could n't figure out this comment last night now i know, 
  i 'm actually fine with the defensive comments when i remember there are idiots out there claiming the russian thing is a god damned democrat conspiracy . 
  i 'm not sure , i just know i want to read it all and maybe learn something haha, 
  i 've had 2 phones since christmas 2012 - an htc one x , and an iphone 5s . 
  i replaced the one x in jan of this year because i finally broke the screen . 
  i genuinely think that all these phones will last as long as each other if they 're treated right . 
  today i believe first world is developed , third is developing , and second is applied to places like brazil who are developed but they 're also not white/anglo so they get distanced from the traditional west with a title . 
  i do n't understand this thought process at all . 
  there is a dangerous man in front of you . 
  why is the man like this ? 
  this man has been made this way by either drugs or mental health issues . 
  how would you like to proceed ? 
  we could institute mental health programs . 
  we could offer drug addiction plans . 
  we could weaponise ourselves . 
  there is a dangerous man in front of you , and you have a gun . 
  how would you like to proceed ? 
  this is an excellent reason to have a gun . 
  the original comment that implied it would be useful to defend yourself against mentally ill homeless people was not . 
  potatoes are from the americas though, 
  or , how about you just do n't seriously injure or kill the guy who needs help ? 
  i should have been clearer : there 's a difference though between a mentally ill homeless person charging at you on the streets of a city , and a homestead that 's isolated from potential help . 
  i do n't think the first instinct should be to harm someone , unless it 's absolutely called for . 
  they 're refunding because they got caught . 
  their system is still fucked . 
  for example : you have to earn 25x the bonus to withdraw money . 
  i gamble on sports and at the casino sometimes . 
  i 've been given bonus funds from both sources . 
  the first is the sports betting agency . 
  i was given a `` deposit $ 20 by this date and receive a bonus $ 20 . '', 
  you ca n't withdraw it and end up with $ 40 straight away - it has to be bet . 
  solution ? 
  bet it on a $ 1.01 odds game , which means you get $ 0.20 profit , and then withdraw the $ 20 . 
  they 're fine with that because you 've made a bet . 
  at the casino , it 's similar . 
  i was given $ 50 of the casino 's promo currency . 
  i asked how i could use it and was told it was for chips , pokies , bars , and restaurants . 
  i withdrew it all as gaming chips , and went to play . 
  whenever i bet the chips on a gaming table , the winnings were always given to me in real money . 
  so on a 1-1 bet , i got $ 10 real , and my $ 10 promo chip . 
  so to get my bonus money in a form i could use it in , all i had to do was win back the same amount , not 25x which is nigh impossible to do with short odds . 
  what 's the deal with the different point exchanges people are talking about ? 
  i ca n't find anything on the redditgifts site now . 
  if he 's mentally ill he 's not making the decision to attack you , so for you to say that his life is worth less is a cop out choice .
