  in the end she gets played as if she 's never had any training . 
  it 's just so stupid . 
  aight , really ? 
  have a think about that for a sec . 
  how 's she meant to sneak up on littlefinger ? 
  disguiser herself as a random braavosi ? 
  a son of walder frey ? 
  you do n't think littlefinger will be like `` hey , it 's walder frey here , gee i wonder who that could be '' ? 
  or any other face that the people of winterfell have never seen ? 
  she 'll get arrested instantly , then suddenly arya stark is sitting in the dungeon with a peeled off face and the secret is out . 
  or she has to kill someone at winterfell , who she does n't know , but does n't deserve to die . 
  and what for ? 
  to sneak up on someone ? 
  do n't be stupid , there are consequences for her actions , and they 're quite big ones . 
  i started at 3k when ranked came out , and i only played heroes i was good at after learning them in unranked . 
  at some point , i got sick of going to unranked where nothing ever seemed to work and i started playing ranked only . 
  i went through a period of random every game , and wew let me tell you , it did not go well . 
  the sf that goes 2-20 ? 
  that was me . 
  i ended up going from 3k to 2k , and i can look at my old games and see the progression downwards through heroes i still do n't know how to play to a decent standard . 
  random is a curse to me , my friend . 
  probably because your friend sat there afterward and thought `` well i gambled $ 700 and lost , that 's that . '', 
  so you have two reasonable explanations and you 're mad that they did n't make one canon ? 
  but muslims are racialized and abused on the pretense that they are a race , so it is racist . 
  i 've used mine for 10 :(, 
  but we know that he showed up to save bran because of the three eyed raven , so why would they need to explain it again ? 
  kyrie ca n't be traded out of the east because someone would have to explain timezones to him right ? 
  i fucking loved this movie and now i need to watch it again , fuck . 
   your comment is surely f\u00fcnke, 
  someone i have n't seen in 4 months said this to me the other day . 
  i skipped to [ this bit ] ( https://youtu.be/k0xclwgidzu?t=20m11s ) and i 'm screaming , it 's fantastic, 
  cliches get that way because they 're so applicable . 
  who cares if the user is quoting bob dylan or linkin park ? 
  they understand the point of the quote , and they see the truth in it, 
  yeah , damn , i thought he was cooler than that , but apparently a constant drone in your ears kills the vibe . 
  really dude ? 
  they 're bitches because someone is joining a video game just to annoy them specifically ? 
  those horns are really annoying when you just use them once or twice in a game , but that shit was going on for ages . 
   i enjoy the male protagonist-female companion dynamic . 
  it 's just how i want to spend my free time . 
   commentary on the history of discrimination against women with obvious moral lessons and far too obvious wish fulfillment occurring . 
  christ , you might learn something . 
  what a treat this will be for you . 
   meaning the best actor was n't chosen as only women were looked at for the part . 
  there are 3.75 billion women in the world . 
  i think you can be assured they got someone with acting chops . 
   try, 
  at this point , pubg has paid for itself and moved on to paying for other games too . 
  ... that 's sort of the point . 
  or ... people could just not be dicks ? 
  nah grease is a fucking great musical . 
  ### * d e n s i t y *, 
  yes , let 's not try to improve life . 
  let 's just accommodate arseholes . 
  oh god his face, 
  how was i mocking him ? 
  he 's clearly in a nice little bubble and this might bring some new ideas in . 
  i 'm slightly disappointed that they did n't do entirely new dances for each one , but god that 500 miles one is good, 
  shh no logic in r/pubg pls, 
  dumb because you 're not just voicing an opinion , you 're using it to throw abuse , with terrible logic . 
  why would i say ass instead of arse ? 
  conversely , why should anyone listen to the opinion of a man who claims to be in his thirties , but acts like an edgy teenager who read a bad essay on free will ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  the entire point of being able to open a door by holding a keybind is that it will be quiet , removing a key element of the game . 
  so to balance it , it takes time and makes you vulnerable . 
  if you want the door to open completely silently at full speed , why are you even playing this game ? 
   it 's also because this community is toxic as fuck . 
  it 's really fucking bad . 
  i love this game , but the overwhelming amount of shit i see on this sub makes me want to quit it and just play the game without getting to see all the cool stuff that gets posted here . 
  probably because a large portion of this community are pieces of shit . 
  i do n't think i 've felt this embarrassed to play a game in quite a while . 
  there are people who have multiple comments in the same threads saying `` grimmz is such a little bitch ! '', 
  `` oh man the little bitch ca n't take it ! '', 
  and more . 
  if this was a sub like politics , they 'd be banned for shilling , that 's how targeted it is . 
  i think they want rainbow six actually . 
  it 's the game that is cited in almost every suggestion thread . 
  wait , the entire final 5 were tanking the blue ? 
  lmao that 's awesome, 
  i agree , they should remove the rng entirely and map out the circles path at the start of the game , then they should make the blue an insta-kill after you 've been in it for 5 seconds , and then they should make the winner the person with the most kills , rather than the last one alive . 
  actually we can remove the circles , because they 're not needed , and we can just make the blue out of bounds . 
  so everyone drops into a little town and just fights it out for the most kills over 10 minutes . 
  but wait . 
  that 's a completely different game . 
  i think fpp has enough of its own problems that will prevent 3pp being removed . 
  then why is everyone always crying about the floating camera that would n't be visible in real life ? 
  ca n't claim unrealistic with one aspect then throw it away with another, 
  i won a squad game the other day . 
  my squad had a total of 3 kills . 
  one guy had 2 . 
  another had 1 . 
  the third had 0 and some hit point damage . 
  i had 0 kills and did n't even have hit point damage . 
  does that make it a bad win ? 
  does that make it less of a win ? 
  we won according to the game conditions . 
  in fact , we set ourselves up to kill lots of people and just got unlucky that none came our way . 
  why is n't that enough ? 
  why does it need to be esports too ? 
  some people enjoy the fun of making a strategy and seeing it work .
