  * right ? 
  edit : you guys know * way * too much about cereal in a pornstar 's arsehole, 
  bob has 5 jellybeans . 
  charles has 10 jellybeans . 
  how do we make it so that both of them have equal jellybeans ? 
  ( a ) we take away 5 of charles ' jellybeans . 
  ( b ) we give bob 5 jellybeans . 
  ( c ) we give both of them lots of jellybeans , but bob gets 5 more than charles . 
  there is no way to achieve equality without someone losing something , or someone else getting a little more to make up the difference . 
  now imagine if abortions were readily accessible and affordable , and those men would n't have to pay child support . 
  probably because i 'm not the first innocent to have curiously wondered about the tardis like capabilities of a woman 's anus, 
  and she was * more * qualified a hundred times over to be president, 
   dude how can you think this is about race . 
  check out the love for the sauds . 
  you can have a brown friend and still hate brown people . 
  not a religious thing . 
  it 's that they have a uniform in place which is usually made especially for the school . 
  they want their students to be in uniform dress because it 's tidy and looks more respectable . 
  this means that when a challenge is thrown up , like a heatwave where shorts would make more sense , the school uniform policy has to be reworked by the board of trustees . 
  they 'd need to have a new pair of shorts selected , and make a decision around footwear ( sandals , or ankle socks to go with shoes ) . 
  that all means that they need to find somewhere that stocks enough sandals for their pupils ( google says there are 680 total , so assume 340 are boys ) , as well as getting shorts ordered in for that many people . 
  of course the school might buy the uniform to sell to the students itself , which means they would need to get a hold of all this themselves . 
  then there 's the cost . 
  google says that academies in the uk are non-profits funded by the dept of education , and there 's currently a conservative government in place which means public spending is on a downward trajectory , so the school might not have the means to do it . 
  there 's also the issue of the students being able to afford the clothing . 
  when i was at school i had three pairs of summer shorts and a pair of sandals , probably totaling about # 90 . 
  that 's not cheap for a lot of families , and even if you cut it down a bit to one pair of shorts and sandals , say # 40 , the unexpected expense can throw things into disarray for a few weeks . 
  tbh i 'm surprised that they do n't have a uniform including shorts in place anyway . 
  we did n't have trousers as a part of our uniform , just shorts year round . 
  he 's quoting your own musicians at you lmao, 
  too hard to co-ordinate . 
  you 'd have to send out some sort of communication at least two hours prior to school starting . 
  you do n't really know what the weather will be like for certain , and it 's not fair to parents to be told that their kids will be in mufti on the day it 's happening . 
  it also defeats the purpose of a uniform ( again , representing the respectability and tidiness of the school through the appearance of the students ) if you 're allowing people to wear mufti every day it 's hot through summer ( there are a lot of hot days in summer ) . 
  the ideal solution is just to have a summer uniform and a winter uniform . 
  i do n't know for sure , but it might do . 
  i 'd say the biggest obstacle is the logistics of finding 380 pairs of approved sandals , and nearly 1,200 pairs of shorts ( assuming 3 per student ) . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  there were three other boys schools in my immediate area that all bought their shorts from the same supplier . 
  we had to have the correct shorts because they all had a label the size of your middle finger stitched onto the shorts with the school name and coat of arms . 
  uniforms are expensive , and exact . 
  nz , so shoes and shorts is normal , but for school it had to be school shoes and school socks . 
  the only school socks i ever saw at any school were knee high ones which suck in summer , and the school shoes were those think leather ones which i found uncomfortable in summer . 
  most people just went with sandals . 
  just realised that we never had any enclosed shoe requirements for science though ? 
  but we did pe in bare feet . 
  apart from the whole heap of them that voted for him , no . 
  but what 's your point ? 
  that he 's not a racist because he has saudi hook ups ? 
  racist people always say shit like `` i have black friends !, 
  i 'm not racist ! '', 
  and it 's true , they do have black friends . 
  but no one is racist against an individual - it 's towards a group . 
  and when people get to know an individual , they tend to realise they 're an ok person and throw out the assumptions they have about the group as a whole . 
  that 's where you get things like `` oh you 're real polite for a mexican guy '' or `` wow you speak really good english for a chinese girl '' . 
  they 're still using the stereotypes for the group as a whole , but they elevate their friend above that racial profile and make them some sort of exception . 
  that 's different because ( a ) you can look out the window and see that the snow is heavy , ( b ) temperatures in the morning when kids are getting ready for school can be a lot cooler than the peak temperature of the day at around 1pm , and ( c ) local news ( radio/tv ) will often broadcast coverage of a bad weather condition that leads to school being cancelled , but having the media put out a message saying that it 's a 34 degree day so feel free to dress casual is a bit odd . 
  i bought the compendium a few weeks back , one set of 24 levels , and have done some of the quests , so i was on level 53 . 
  just bought the 80 levels , and i got 6 x immortal i , 7 x immortal ii , 1 x trust of the benefactor ( which opened to be another immortal i ) , 1 x immortal iii , and two spins of rylai 's wheel which gave me a treasure of the elemental trophy . 
  pretty decent i think . 
  edit : and opening all the immortal is gave me another level and another immortal ii . 
  what does that have to do with being good at the game though, 
  yeah but the original comment he was replying to made it sound like megasubs helped in some way, 
  ahhh . 
  that explains it then . 
  thanks !, 
  glee , i think, 
  yeah , so a glee reference , in a community reference . 
  a parody is a reference . 
  signing up, 
  how can it be a knocking if it hit his foot ? 
  julian who ? 
  read did n't touch it mate , your boy kicked it through, 
  if they had n't subbed people on , they would have been overrun as they got tired . 
  sbw was absent for 99 % of that game . 
  i forgot he was even on the field . 
  would love to see him actually turn up for the next two tests . 
  edit : i 've been told several times over that sbw was in fact playing and playing very well . 
  i did n't say he was bad , just absent . 
  there was none of his usual flair . 
  he did n't break the line often , and he had one ( ? ), 
  offload that i saw . 
  lol , i love sbw mate . 
  i just felt that the usual sbw magic was n't there . 
  you sound like you 're handling it just fine with just a pistol , but what sort of areas are you dropping into that you do n't find anything but that ? 
  shotguns are in almost every cluster of houses , and even smgs are incredibly common . 
  that is odd . 
  i did n't figure this out until after ~ 200 games , but were you checking the flooded part of the houses ? 
  loot still spawns on the ground under the water, 
  that was n't marshall mate . 
  that number 11 had perfect timing to draw the tackle and pass before he slipped into touch . 
  great stuff . 
  yeah , but hansen specifically said he was releasing them to the hurricanes because it was n't fair to deny them a chance to play the lions . 
  which suggests that they likely wo n't get a chance to play . 
  for jordie and savea especially , this looks like it might be the end of this stint with the abs unless they have a fantastic super xv playoffs and get themselves back in contention . 
  but at the moment , naholo , ioane , and dagg are all better wing options , and mckenzie 's been called up for fullback . 
  but there were lions indigenous to britain ? 
  so uh, 
  the commentator was n't , that 's nisbett . 
  marshall came in afterwards with the recap .
