  i 've read like 5 comments in this thread re : racism/sexism and feel like you guys are all really nice people . 
  it 's a shame you see a problem with someone having nostalgia for their childhood , but not caring about what came after they 'd grown out of it . 
  i found that it takes a bit of time to register the distance . 
  i 'd turn pogo on while i was walking around town for instance , and when i checked at the end it registered 100m . 
  half an hour later after i 'd restarted it , the distance would update to 1.6 km . 
  i think i 've had 3 , all found in the first few days . 
  since then i 've been getting 2km/5km only . 
  about a 50/50 split . 
  not everyone is devoted to the series . 
  i 'd say very few people are . 
  most people are devoted to that one game they played that gave them entry to that world , and that 's it . 
  my favourite game is gold , and it has been for 16 years . 
  i 've played blue , ruby , and diamond . 
  none of them came close to gold . 
  diamond could n't even get me to the first gym . 
  stop judging people because they do n't love everything you do , to the same extent that you do . 
  you 're as bad as the people walking around hassling others for playing pokemon at all . 
  this could be a good question for / r/askhistorians !, 
  i could n't say for sure when ` black ' became a bad term , but i can suggest a few reasons * why * it might have gained a bit of a bad rep. 
  firstly is an easy one : it refers to the colour of their skin . 
  someone probably had the bright idea that if you do n't see colour , you 're not racist ( you might have heard this one chucked around a bit recently ) , and decided that referring to people as ` black ' was bad . 
  notice that calling a group of black people ` blacks ' is still pretty offensive . 
  this leads to my second point , where black communities decided to reclaim their blackness as a positive trait in the face of racism . 
  this was the rise of black separatist and nationalist movements in the 60s and early 70s . 
  movements like black power and the black panther party were quite negatively received by white america . 
  since ` coloured ' was off the table as a descriptor , and ` black ' was now associated with these movements that were seen as terrorist groups at times , another term might have been needed . 
  since you had german americans , and japanese americans , so why not african american ? 
  sort of like a `` oh you 're not a real black person though , you 're an african american ! '', 
  last idea , which is n't really a suggestion for this , but semi-related . 
  in formal academic writing ( in my experience ) , african american is preferred to black - but in this context , you 're almost always going to know the ethnic identity of who you 're writing about . 
  then again , i 'm sure i 've read somewhere that marcus garvey was african american , when really he was jamaican ( jamaican-african or something if you need the african bit in it ) . 
  velocity = speed something moves at . 
  acceleration = change in velocity over a set distance , e.g. 
  b ( m/s ) - a ( m/s ) . 
  am i close ? 
  not a scientist :(, 
  servers are usually relatively stable outside the peak hours of us east and west , and europe . 
  i play in nz , and several of my friends in australia , and it 's generally fine ( read : very smooth ) for us when everyone else is asleep . 
  the time it takes to level up increases drastically around ~ 20 , so you 'll catch up 5-6 while they 're still trying to shift up 1-2 . 
  the inventory does overfill , i had 372/350 items somehow the other day . 
  it just stops accepting new ones from pokestops . 
  when you have the screen of six pokemon to fight with , tap on the one you want to change . 
  it will show your full pokemon list and you can choose another to replace that one . 
  i had this a few times , and the stuff was there - i just did n't get the level up screen and list of items down the side . 
  excellent . 
  maybe . 
  * but ... * he nearly knocks someone over on a pedestrian crossing . 
  then he uses his horn as if it 's the pedestrian 's fault . 
  then either he or his friend leans out of the car and yells `` suck it you little bitch ! '', 
  at the kid , who 's just been nearly hit , and had a horn sounded in his ear , and is n't in the wrong at all . 
  i 'd say that any bias here is totally justified . 
  amazing how you bent that so quickly . 
  sort by number . 
  weedle , caterpie , pidgey , and rattata are all at the top then . 
  chill the fuck out . 
  note that the nineteenth century irish rebel groups and the 1916/1919 -21 ones were also seen as terrorists ( and are still given as examples of terrorist action today ) . 
  fair enough . 
  i just wanted to get across the point that the ira have not been unique in being labelled as terrorists , and in fact , are not seen as terrorists by a great many people . 
  really , this seemed like a good idea for a thread ? 
  actually it 's pretty smart , maybe i can read other threads without the incessant bitching now . 
  how about if you drop a lure and people use it , you get steadily more rare pokemon spawning for the dropper ? 
  1-5 people gives you pidgeys , 6-10 nidorans , and so on until you have 100 + people giving you a starter spawn every 10min or something ? 
  it means you can benefit from dropping a lure , but not outrageously . 
  you have to remain in the area because otherwise you wo n't get your spawns . 
  and it encourages people to do it in groups . 
  the xp wo n't be ridiculous bonuses for you , but you 'll get a few more candies ( max 3 sets of starter candy in 30min ) . 
  it 's amazing how the ira and its predecessors got popular support in america , including funding for weaponry , yet blm gets labelled as a terrorist organisation when they have n't even lifted a finger . 
   this matters to everyone , every race , all of us . 
  please note though that the man who was compliant and cooperative was shot . 
  he was black . 
  the agitated man holding what was supposedly a weapon was not shot . 
  he was white . 
  yes , this matters for all races . 
  but profiling to make a judgement about who the threat is is killing black people . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  so this would be gbh then . 
  except he fired three times , which , excuse my ignorance , seems like it would require three pulls/squeezes on the trigger ? 
  i 'm assuming that a cop in this situation would n't have a gun set to full automatic/bursts . 
  so how do you negligently discharge three times ? 
  go on then , give me some evidence . 
  you 're absolutely right in saying that dallas was violence for political goals . 
  a man sitting in a parking tower with a rifle murdering cops to prove a political point is a terroristic tactic . 
  but he was n't affiliated with blm , and even if he had been , he did n't represent the ethos of blm . 
  so unless you 're suggesting that when a racist cop kills a black man , he 's representing all cops , then you should n't judge all of blm on the actions of one bad egg . 
  ok so if it 's an american issue , what is an american ? 
  because at the moment , a large number of people are being treated differently , and you ca n't fix everything with the same treatment if some people are more hurt than others . 
  if you 're constantly moving 200m , it 's supposed to be once every 60s . 
  otherwise , once every five minutes . 
  no one 's asking for special protection or treatment , they 're asking for the same protection/treatment that white people get . 
  look at it this way : child a ( we 'll call him alex ) has six schoolbooks . 
  child b ( eatrice ) has two . 
  the two children come to school on the first day and find out that they need four schoolbooks for their four classes . 
  alex is ok , he has two spare . 
  beatrice is in trouble , because she 's two short . 
  the teacher sees beatrice 's problem , and gives her two books . 
  alex complains , and says that 's not fair , and he should get two books too . 
  the teacher complies , and now alex has eight - enough for two students . 
  is this equal ? 
  i have something like 12 hours comp tracer , and then 1 hour comp junkrat is my next highest .
