  `` i 'm with her '' was a simple slogan that used something different as a point of reference . 
  if sanders had been running against sarah palin and hillary clinton , no one would dare to claim `` i 'm with him '' was him using his gender to get votes , so do n't pull that shit with hillary . 
  when you say `` she had stupid shit like ` it 's time to put woman in the white house ' '' , you look stupid because ( a ) you ca n't form coherent sentences , ( b ) because it is time for a woman to be president and to say no it 's not is sexist , and ( c ) you 're reducing a career politician 's thirty years of work for american people both through political work , and private work , to her being a woman . 
  but hey , jump back up on the horse and wave your banner buddy , because bernie would have won !, 
  * ( he would n't have , the guy was a socialist who would have been running against a man advised by someone who was part of the greatest communist hunting movements of all time ) . 
  yeah , just ignore the fact that she 's an islamophobe . 
  no , hillary clinton is why selfish people who pretend to be lefties stayed home . 
  if you hold liberal values , you do n't not vote when the danger is this great . 
  the only people who stayed home were those privileged enough to think they 'd be ok ( white , not poor ) or those who were never liberals to begin with . 
  the left i know does n't stay home from the polls and leave behind those in our society who need the most help . 
  the affordable care act was gutted by the republicans at the federal level , and obstructed by republican state houses at state level . 
  and despite that , it still provided affordable coverage to people who did n't have it before . 
  if the aca was so rubbish , why the hell are hundreds of thousands of people terrified because it 's going away ? 
  being a liberal means putting those below you first . 
  it does n't fucking matter if the middle class has to tighten the belt for a term if that 's helping out the least able in our society . 
  and do n't give me that shit about the clinton campaign . 
  that woman has done more for public service in her lifetime than you or i could ever hope to . 
  no , because like i said , it takes more than eight years . 
  which means a concerted effort on the part of multiple administrations to stick to a plan and proceed . 
   that mentality is faulty , would you support literally any woman who attempted to become president , even if her policies did n't fit your/many view ( s ) ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it is time for a woman to be president . 
  look at it from the other side . 
  ** `` it 's not time for a woman to be president . 
  that 's a blatantly sexist attitude . 
  there is no if or but about it . 
  anyone who says this is saying that at this present time , a woman would not be suited to the job based on her gender . 
  i 'm not saying that you should have voted for hillary because she 's a woman and i 'm not saying that she was entitled to the role because she 's a woman . 
  i 'm just saying that it is about time a woman was president . 
   she was one of the most corrupt polititions to ever run for president , and i 'm sick of them . 
  i always find it cute when berniebros quote conservative narratives . 
  she was n't corrupt . 
  emails did n't matter . 
  dnc did n't matter . 
  this is a sign of the racism that 's been resurgent in america since obama 's election , and which has been seized upon by republicans . 
  i do n't know how anyone can claim that obama was a lacklustre president when he was faced with a backlash of such hugely racist proportions . 
  what mental gymnastics ? 
  that 's how things work . 
  you ca n't have successive presidents all taking different approaches and expect it to work out . 
  it 's where you gather all people from the group you wish to exterminate in one placed , and instead of killing them violently , you let them die off naturally . 
  it 's quite a long process but florida has become expert at it . 
  it 's explicitly in the rules of a lot of universities now . 
  generally it 's something like `` all work must be substantially different to other pieces of work submitted in the course of your degree ( s ) . '', 
  sure . 
  they 're not derogatory , but she has an odd view . 
  [ she asked for visa waivers to be rescinded from european countries with high muslim populations because they could be terrorists . 
  ] ( http://www.civilbeat.org/2014/09/tulsi-gabbard-wants-u-s-to-suspend-visa-waivers-for-european-countries/ ), 
  when the ( future ) prime minister of india was denied a visa to the usa because he had a less than brilliant response to violence against muslims in his state , tulsi stood up and criticised the government . 
  and she repeatedly criticised obama for not equating terrorism to islam , which he was right not to do because it fuels stereotypes and leads to mistakes being made . 
  [ for the last two . 
  ] ( https://qz.com/628124/tulsi-gabbard-the-first-hindu-in-the-us-congress-on-modi-hinduism-and-linking-islam-to-terror/ ), 
  i 'll accept that , but i still ca n't figure out what the fuck is up with his final slap haha, 
  on a basic organisational level , they fucked up with that first square . 
  it 's half empty the entire day , but it 's got the ground covering down which means you can see every inch of it . 
  that 's some hardcore 90s production value there . 
  the angles , the graffiti alley , all of it, 
  i 'm getting really sick and tired of having to remind people on reddit about this . 
  he was a god damned socialist in america . 
  he would have been running against a man who took advice from leading members of the mccarthy red hunts . 
  he never had a chance . 
  god , that 's horrible . 
  i feel sorry for the kid , imagine having your awkwardness under a microscope . 
  it was a good thing ... for america . 
  people protested it in other countries because we did n't want america to have that much power over us via a fta . 
  wait that 's a tv show ? 
  i thought it was a youtube series ? 
  the new article above makes it look like it might have been a homage of sorts to the obama cake . 
  mid-90s i heard that but for peter andre, 
  not sure you know what heroin does to an addict , but rest assured , they wo n't be ripping anything out of your arse . 
  cigarettes . 
  carefully wrapped cigarettes , in several layers of plastic wrap and maybe in a condom . 
  ciggies will give you life on the inside . 
  the other option is phonecards but that might * slice * on entry . 
  this is the trump administration mister , we ai n't got time for no facts, 
   obama was on the grassy knoll !, 
  hang on have we investigated this one yet ?? 
  i mean yeah , sure . 
  but this was just a karma grab on the highest post on / r/all on a hockey sub . 
  and a pretty blatant one at that . 
  lmao , i ai n't even from boston mate . 
  do n't take it to heart man , everyone misreads a comment once in awhile . 
  i 'm in nz and did an international one too . 
  still has n't arrived , and it 's untracked because i sent it in a letter :\\ think next time i might just do local or amazon, 
  this would be * way * cooler too . 
  you 're a fool . 
  i 'll post this from [ andrew mayzak on facebook . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10106048595517998&amp;set=a.868917939428.2547087.10708281&amp;type=3 ), 
   can we talk about this for a minute ? 
   this is a yale-educated law professor , first lady , senator , and  secretary of state who :, 
   - endured 25 years of smear campaigns, 
   - lost the electoral college by 80,000 votes, 
   - won the popular vote by 3 million votes, 
   - attended her opponent 's inauguration, 
   - received no handshake from trump, 
   - was booed by the crowd when she appeared, 
   and goddammit ... look at her . 
  polished and confident , wearing  white for the suffragettes , her husband taking * her * arm instead  of the other way around . 
   symbolism matters . 
   perseverance matters . 
   this is the godmother of new america , a rational , pragmatic ,  imperfect human being who was born 50 years too early for her  gender to be a non-issue in an election .
