  all the author has done is show that if searches for `` what is the eu ? '', 
  tripled , it 's not that much . 
  there is no data shown for actual search results from june 24th onwards with regards to that phrase . 
  from this article , it 's possible to draw the conclusion that wapo severely underestimated the numbers who googled that phrase and there were in fact 10 million britons who googled it post-referendum . 
  [ like damn dude , 30 sec in google . 
  there 's a huge indian population in south africa , and half their white population has dutch heritage too . 
  i was just pointing out that he had used it in a south african context . 
  but now i 'll add that ` coloured ' is n't an ethnic group , it 's a collection of ethnic groups because by definition it refers to mixed race peoples . 
  so a half afrikaaner , half indian south african would be coloured , and could qualify as indian-dutch . 
  or however you want it phrased . 
   is an ethnic label for people of mixed ethnic origin who possess ancestry from europe , asia , and various khoisan and bantu ethnic groups of southern africa . 
  not all coloured people share the same ethnic background, 
  literally no . 
  it 's an ethnic label . 
  not a group . 
  if fiji or any of the other pnc teams were put into the rugby championship , it 'd be a bloodbath . 
  you do n't get better by playing top teams if the difference in team performance is that far apart . 
  this is a good idea as long as the other teams are rearranged too . 
  i 'd suggest swapping the kings for a pi team that has an intake across fiji , samoa , tonga , and new zealand . 
  i 'd also want to remove a second south african team and one of the australian teams to focus the talent more evenly on the four remaining franchises in each nation . 
  i think australia could be a problem though because the rebels are performing ok and i think the force just stumped up a lot of cash to keep their position in wa . 
  it 's a ` pacific island ' team : it 's already not a national team . 
  no it 's not . 
  he ran away when confronted . 
  he knew it was wrong . 
  the point is that while he might have enjoyed it , not everyone would have . 
  other guys might have wanted to say no , but felt they could n't because it 's a teacher . 
  remember that it 's a situation where a minor has to say no to one of the most authoritative positions they 've encountered in life thus far . 
  i think we all had a teacher we wanted to sleep with when we were teens , but for all we know , the cases where it actually happens were n't that kid 's fantasy . 
  different strokes . 
  this is a good point , sometimes . 
  people tend to pick out a problem like solving an issue with a pc . 
  `` we 're on defence , so we 're losing because we have a reaper '' or `` we 're attacking , so you should n't be playing widow/torbjorn '' . 
  sometimes these are valid critiques , but because there 's no way to view a scoreboard in overwatch , you ca n't really assess how someone is going . 
  personally , i play tracer for comp , because i 'm really good at annoying the shit out of the other team and i can flank and distract teams from pushing/defending . 
  yesterday i played a game on hanamura where we defended first and lost , attacked and won , overtime defended and lost , and then overtime attacked . 
  after * three * rounds , someone decided he would tell me i should n't play tracer anymore because i had to recognise when a tactic was n't working for the team . 
  i politely pointed out that i had all four golds , and that we were still in the game . 
  he could n't have known that i was leading in all stats . 
  he just assumed that a hero he either did n't understand , or could n't play , or considered crap , was ruining the game . 
  so yeah , sometimes a hero should be swapped . 
  but other times that 's not the case at all , and because of the way overwatch displays scores , there 's really no way for anyone to give solid advice to teammates . 
  the information just is n't there . 
  it 's weird how people who are n't a part of the minority group take offence at being labelled ` other ' . 
  exactly . 
  the kid might be gay , and gets pulled into it . 
  the kid might have been sexually abused , and thought the teacher could be trusted . 
  the kid might have been flirting non-stop for weeks on end , and then got to third base with his dream teacher . 
  we just ca n't know , because our perspective is just `` oh , she 's a cute teacher '' on our computer or tv screen . 
  and shit , the girls i 'm attracted to now ? 
  completely different to the ones when i was fifteen . 
  a cop shot a man who was pinned to the ground and had no way of threatening him . 
  it 's the sort of thing that mafia men do , not the fucking police . 
  it was an execution . 
  it was a god damned lynching . 
  hey asshole , cops do n't get to execute people in the street . 
  ever hear of due process ? 
  michael brown was one person . 
  this has happened far more than just that one time . 
  eric garner . 
  dontre hamilton . 
  eric harris . 
  walter scott . 
  alton sterling was pinned down by two police officers . 
  one of his arms was under the knee of an officer . 
  the other was held up by the other officers , twisted in a way that he could n't use it . 
  he was not a threat . 
  but he was shot multiple times in the chest . 
  but he was a felon ? 
  then handcuff him and take him to prison . 
  but he had a gun ? 
  then remove it from him , because he can not use it with his arms restrained . 
  but he broke the law by having a gun ? 
  then arrest him and take him to prison . 
  there is no way that this murder was a justified police shooting . 
  it was an execution , because two police officers decided that he was breaking the law , and that they should mete out justice in their own way . 
  philando castile was pulled over for a busted tail light . 
  he should have been ticketed , and sent on his way . 
  he told the police officer that he had a ccw permit . 
  he told the police officer that he was armed . 
  he asked what to do , and was told to show his licence . 
  the police officer shot him when he complied . 
  he shot him because he did what he was told to do . 
   based on that data , mr. moskos reported that roughly 49 percent of those killed by officers from may 2013 to april 2015 were white , while 30 percent were black . 
  he also found that 19 percent were hispanic and 2 percent were asian and other races . 
  mr moskos is an assistant professor but does n't realise that when blacks are 13 % of the us population , 30 % is an unacceptable figure in police shootings . 
  no , that 's a horrible statistic too , but why are the black people being shot ? 
  is it because they 're committing more violent crimes ? 
  but why are n't they being arrested and taken to prison and going to court ? 
  why is the justice system working one way for one group of people , and another for another group ? 
   i really dont see how you can say that definitively, 
  firstly , this is why people do n't respond `` reasonably '' . 
  secondly , definitively means 100 % . 
  so are the cops supposed to shoot everyone they see who poses a 0.01 % threat ? 
  no , of course they 're not . 
  so stop applying that threshold to murdered black men . 
  cops are supposed to have the ability to deal with a situation . 
  thirdly , he was fucking pinned down you idiot . 
  stop arguing this . 
  go put a gun in your belt , have two 200lb guys kneel on you while holding your arms , and if you can get your hand on that gun , you can -- nothing .
