  i did n't imply that at all . 
  but ** you ** said a greens party that only focused on climate change was for you , suggesting you do n't care about social welfare issues . 
  lol , it 's not someone else 's fault , but it sure as fuck does n't fall solely on the team . 
  i 'm not m\u0101ori so i ca n't say for sure . 
  i 'd guess that the m\u0101ori party partnering with national for 3 elections has hurt them a little bit . 
  there 's also a long history of labour working with m\u0101ori , ever since the savage government . 
  immigration has been an issue with m\u0101ori in the past , so nz first has had reasonable success at times in the m\u0101ori seats . 
  finally there 's hone , who northland m\u0101ori seemed to like when he stood for the te tai tokerau seat from 2005-2014 . 
  him and rbg were best buds too . 
  mate if i own a house in dunedin that i rent out to some students and visit once every 5 years to see if i want to sell it yet , it 's not a home and i should n't be able to vote there . 
  i do n't give a fuck how much money you have , how many houses you own , you should n't be able to vote in more than one electorate . 
  and if you do , then everyone else can register wherever the fuck they like , because money does n't make you a better fucking citizen then anybody else . 
  i got really excited when i opened it because it said back slot for the propeller and good ole me was like `` hey !, 
  boots go on feet !, 
  i can have both ! '', 
  ## nope, 
   i have to ask . . how is sky so bad at this stuff ? 
  put simply , i 'd say they 're an outdated company struggling to adapt to modern advances , and in particular , failing to recognise the demand for those modern services . 
  rubick can not be countered !, 
  vote rubick !, 
  praise be, 
  i am very happy thank you for this, 
  the actor is in black sails and he 's fucking dope , give it a go . 
   yet , a rapier blade is by no means fragile nor vulnerable to being easily broken or cut by other swords ( though its slender tip might on occasion snap ) . 
  the rapier can be quite sturdy and capable of parrying the cuts of heavier swords , but only with the thicker section of its blade or hilt and ( preferably ) in a deflecting action to redirect the attacking point rather than a passive , rigid block . 
  physics my man . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.thearma.org/youth/rapieroutline.htm#.wyim0nogoru ), 
  i just read that in the vf article !, 
  arya , the true heir !, 
  that 's what the knife is for . 
  `` now listen here you little shit . 
  i want you to warg right into your sister 's brain and walk her into my chamber , you understand ? '', 
  `` no what the fuck not that si -- '', 
  whooooooooo * no one can protect me * is the best fuckin shout out in the whole series, 
  absolutely worth missing the highgarden fight for two reasons : this episode ; and olenna tyrell getting the spotlight in that event . 
  i always forget that puppey is the size of a small house , jesus, 
  machine bringing the build ups whats up, 
  damn dude , maybe do n't criticise someone 's lisp that they might not be able to change . 
  machine : clever word play . 
  james : `` i was a little worried that i could n't find any porn in the hotel last night guys , but then i got some so the prematch ritual was ok !, 
  '' ( paraphrased ), 
  edit : [ here 's the video of the first minute of james ' hosting . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/averbzfwwas?t=8s ) he makes * really * shitty puns that are n't clever ( ca n't / cunt ) , he makes a joke about china being a police state while being in china , and then he says the hotel only had disabled porn and he watched it anyway . 
  congrats , he took a / r/jokes repost , an ill-timed joke for the location he was in , and made a wordplay on what most people consider to be one of the most offensive words in english . 
  to top it all off , he did n't even deliver it well , stuttering through the whole bit , while it felt forced as fuck and was generally just a cringe fest . 
  and then another person says `` is this a rehearsal ? '', 
  because the entire thing is so ridiculous . 
  excuse you . 
  i 'm not a fanboy , i just ca n't play at the moment so i love seeing these plays . 
  it happened in the 1993 election , which was still under fpp . 
  it was a protest vote . 
  there was no party vote , which meant that a protest vote was n't always possible if you did n't have an alternative candidate in your electorate . 
  added onto that is the fact that fpp is notorious for disenfranchising voters in safe seats because they have no secondary method for getting representation ( like the party vote ) . 
  we constantly see posts on this subreddit and hear about people who do n't vote because they do n't feel represented by any party . 
  they 're usually young people . 
  i think it 's better that she registered to vote and registered her voice as a protest vote rather than refusing to participate at all . 
  as electoral fraud goes , this was the lowest end of the scale . 
  she did n't vote twice , she did n't vote for anyone else , she did n't destroy votes . 
  the nz greens are a leftist party . 
  their charter has four values and two of them are social responsibility and ecological wisdom . 
  the correlation between social welfare and green is that lower socio-economic groups are more likely to be affected by climate change , are more likely to suffer from the effects of pollution , and are more likely to be harmed by bad environmental policy . 
  you 're a blue-green , that 's fine . 
  but the greens party is not a right or centrist party , and environmental issues are not neutral issues . 
  neutrality is the privilege of the wealthy and stable . 
  copied from the edit to the previous comment :, 
   here 's the video of the first minute of james ' hosting . 
  he makes * really * shitty puns that are n't clever ( ca n't / cunt ) , he makes a joke about china being a police state while being in china , and then he says the hotel only had disabled porn and he watched it anyway . 
  congrats , he took a / r/jokes repost , an ill-timed joke for the location he was in , and made a wordplay on what most people consider to be one of the most offensive words in english . 
  to top it all off , he did n't even deliver it well , stuttering through the whole bit , while it felt forced as fuck and was generally just a cringe fest . 
  i edited it into the top comment because that 's more likely to be seen by anyone who 's looking to see the james shambles . 
  i 'd be hoping they can tidy up the collateral damage they took every time they pushed high ground though . 
  i imagine other teams will punish you if you drop 4 heroes for a t3, 
  yes , `` the cans and cunts of dota 2 '' is so much better than blitz and `` what 's the point of a win without the d ( ps ) ? '', 
  or machine 's `` well we 're going to jack off and go back to day [ 9 ] and the panel '' or `` sccc , which is quite a difficult name for casters ; it sounds like a very agreeable spanish snake . '', 
  original jokes vs. tired old joke . 
  a joke that relies on shock factor of the crudity vs. joke that relies on a little dirty humour , or a bit of common knowledge . 
  dunno why people defend james , he 's a hack . 
  nah it 's good . 
  everyone knows it 's being translated for each of them , but that made the questions flow quite well . 
  i definitely would assume the outcome would be a lot worse if someone told me that idea before seeing that . 
  [ values party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/values_party ) , the precursor to the greens . 
   values party policies included campaigns against nuclear power and armaments , advocating zero-population and - economic growth , ** abortion , drug and homosexual law-reform . 
  those are definitely social issues . 
  further , environmental issues are inextricably linked with class issues , because wealthy people do not suffer the same side effects as the poor . 
  it 's relatively common for a sixteen year old outside the anglosphere to be that competent in two or more languages . 
  english is n't the only language people learn outside of their native tongue . 
  yeah , and that 's another thing - m\u0101ori are just as diverse in their wants and needs and complaints as anyone else , so having three parties to choose from in the m\u0101ori seats does mean there 's a lot of different opinion expressed . 
  you young ones do n't remember 1993 to 1996 and the utter chaos that ensued when the mcgillycuddy serious party took government and [ replaced the currency with chocolate fish . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mcgillicuddy_serious_party#policies ), 
   what about labour ? 
  you know , the party that actually introduced all the policies the poor and disenfranchised rely on ... 
  80 years ago . 
  labour over the past 20 has been a mixed bag . 
  labour in the 2000s was pretty bad for m\u0101ori ( there was a good spinoff article about this yesterday i think ) . 
  the party has strayed a bit from the party of savage and fraser . 
  yes , no one likes the word ` can ' . 
  it brings to mind cancan , that awfully risque dance . 
  i think you mean 2008-11 , helen clark was still pm from 2005-08 . 
  he was talking to a dude named jack . 
  i can think of at least 5 i 've met this year alone .
