   buzzfeed is a clickbait website , they should n't be considered reliable journalism . 
  this is absolutely ridiculous . 
  there 's no reason they ca n't do both . 
  buzzfeed posts clickbait like crazy , it 's true . 
  but they also do excellent long form journalism which a lot of other news sites have ceased to do . 
  partnering with the bbc , they broke one of the biggest sporting scandals in history the other year . 
  trump had 60 million people tacitly approve of his behaviour , which included sexual assault . 
  no , tower . 
  t as in sta ** t ** ion, 
  ironically , buzzfeed . 
   yeah , well if his opponent was n't guilty of so many crimes he probably would have lost . 
  she has n't committed any crimes . 
  but , if america operated like a real democracy he would have lost . 
  if american christian evangelicals practiced what they preached , he would have lost . 
   most people i know who voted for trump voted for him because clinton is a terrible person . 
  i too vote for puppets of foreign powers who sexually assault people over ... a woman ? 
  the dnc did n't collude , they backed a candidate who they knew , trusted , and represented their core values . 
  they could have favoured bernie sanders and lost the election to red baiting attack ads . 
   but their corruption and dirty tactics is what lost this election . 
  the only people to blame is the dnc and clinton for being terrible people . 
  sweetie , trump is a terrible person . 
  this election was lost by terrible people thinking that women belong at home and that if you 're not white , you do n't belong in america , and that ** emails !!!, 
  ! 11 ** matter ( they do n't ) . 
  most of all , it was lost by people who decided that they could cope in a trump america , and forgot to give a shit about the people that could n't . 
   his reign lead to the inflammation of racial tensions as he supported blm , with racial relations sinking to lows we have n't seen in decades as whole cities from baltimore to ferguson burned . 
   he entrusted his foreign policy to hillary clinton and it lead to disaster after disaster in the middle east and the rise of isis under his watch . 
   he spent all the political capital he had on a health care reform law now in the death spiral that critics always said would happen . 
  these are three interesting things to include . 
  why should n't he have supported blm ? 
  how is he responsible for the formation of isis , when bush ii led the invasion of the middle east and contributed to the fall of al-qaeda ? 
  and should he not have chased global healthcare in the country that claims to be the greatest in the world ? 
  i might be reading this wrong , but are you saying your friends disagree with that statement ? 
  or is it that they do n't like you saying that while they 're complaining about something ? 
  i only ask this because it 's a common argument to use when people point out problems in a country . 
  yes , america might be quite a good place to live in compared to say mali , or kazakhstan , or venezuela , but being better than most countries does n't mean you stop striving to improve your own country . 
  you say you used to be a huge reader - have you tried picking up an old book you enjoyed and re-reading it ? 
  some people are n't into rereading but i 've used that to kickstart my brain into a reading frame of mind at the end of a heavy semester of university . 
  another suggestion : pick a book and go somewhere where you physically ca n't do anything else . 
  a beach , a park , sit in your car at a strip mall - somewhere where the only entertainment is what you have brought . 
  take your book and just aim for 10 pages . 
  if you lose concentration , and find you 've read a paragraph without taking it in but you 've been thinking about other stuff , go back to the start of that paragraph and read the first sentence aloud . 
  he even blamed him for sticking with black people over blm . 
  `` god , why is n't obama the obedient little black man !, 
  why is n't he tamed to white america !, 
  we voted for him afterall ! '', 
   there are a ton of online communities where you can learn a lot ( most of the time we know more than the doctors about our condition ) . 
  this is really fucking frightening . 
  people should n't have to rely on amateurs and personal researchers . 
  yeah . 
  people who rape or molest children are generally straight to solitary . 
  there 's a lot of reasons for it . 
  * it 's seen as a more scummy and despicable crime than other crimes . 
  * everyone has a family , which makes kids off limits . 
  * prisoners who were assaulted as children take revenge . 
  in britain , ` jugging ' is a common method of assault for a sex offender . 
  it 's a jug of boiling water poured over someone . 
  sometimes they add sugar to the jug . 
  that makes the liquid stickier , and the dissolved sugar deforms the muscles that are burnt . 
  you 'd think that , would n't you ? 
  republican politicians are scumbags . 
  i think you can blame his election on the system though . 
  the electoral college is archaic and is n't an accurate representation of the voting public 's response . 
  even if there was 100 % voter turnout , the possibility of a popular vote/ec split is still there . 
  the ec result this time means that anywhere that 's not a metropolitan area got a louder voice than the cities . 
  the worst part of this is that it plays into the myth of the liberal bubble that working class america tells itself so often . 
  the only bubble is that of the working class , isolated in their townships and small cities , and deathly afraid of the perceived influx of migrants that in reality might be one or two families coming to the neighbourhood . 
  these are the communities that you see come up in reddit discussions about race ( `` when i was a kid , i did n't see a black guy until i was 12 '' ) , and sex ( `` i lost my virginity to betty-sue behind the big red barn . 
  ai n't a lot else to do on the farm '' ) . 
  that 's the real american bubble , and it needs to burst . 
  co. . . caine ? 
  shit , how did i never hear about this , that 's fantastic . 
  get on vocaroo so we can figure this out, 
  scene 1 . 
  london . 
  int . 
  crowded bar with japanese opera extras and punk rockers . 
  * enter nigel farage , ukip extras , and brexit *, 
  do people not leave their bedroom windows open all night ? 
  ethnicities are usually smaller and more defined than something as broad as ` european ' . 
  ` swede ' or ` french ' would be ethnic groups for example . 
  what if it 's one answer per question and `` we 're adding servers all the time '' is actually a back-to-the-start response for the half life 3 question half life 3 servers confirmed today, 
   people move to the project where they think they can create the most value . 
  he could mean value other than economic . 
  like what is most appreciated . 
  i go to / r/dota2 and i see people showering praise on the game , and loving it . 
  i go to / r/csgo and i see people complaining endlessly about it . 
  if i was a valve worker , i 'd probably not see any point in choosing csgo over dota if i was going to get shit on for my work . 
  it would take a special attachment to csgo to make me want to go there . 
  not to mention cs and tf2 are both really old games that are quite well rounded and have a completed feel to them . 
  dota has that same feel , but because it 's so big , there 's a lot more scope for change that wo n't alter the fundamental spirit of the game . 
  hey op , ever considered saying `` do n't make fun of [ christians/geeks/overweight people ] , it promotes a negative stereotype '' ? 
  might be an idea . 
  i think it 's both . 
  the devs and the players are only human after all . 
  but i think that / r/csgo 's negativity is disproportional to the perceived attention ( or lack thereof ) . 
  they probably are n't being forced to at all . 
  as a rule , children do n't need to wear the niqab until they 're hitting puberty - even in taliban ruled afghanistan that was the case . 
  if you see a younger child wearing it , it 's probably for the same reason kids all over the world do anything - they 're mimicking what someone they look up to does . 
  mum wears a niqab , kids want to wear a niqab . 
  and given that any patterned material can be used , it 's no wonder .
