  because think about it - bernie could have been a cabinet member for hillary , or a senator under her , and he could have got shit done . 
  but now he 's hamstrung by a republican president , a republican senate , and a republican house . 
  oh and scotus . 
   maybe americans are n't bigoted , but they 're complicit . 
   there were bigger priorities, 
  but she was n't corrupt at all . 
  the fbi looked , and found nothing . 
  how do you decide that you 're more scared of one politician , than of someone who the kkk backed ? 
  someone who promised to set back america 's social progress by half a century ? 
  true , i was wrong . 
  removed that comment . 
  bernie got more positive media coverage than any other candidate . 
  he got less media coverage , but when it was there , it was more positive . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that this is also because many redditors are n't americans and we do n't know enough about the house and senate to comment . 
  the presidential election ? 
  we do , and that affects us more . 
  that 's alright , it did feel personal . 
  i support hillary , but i think her gender was only part of the loss . 
  a wider example though : people are today saying that it was better to vote for trump than her because she 's corrupt , ignoring his rampant attacks on minorities and women . 
  to me , that 's getting away with a lot more , and the only difference i see there is gender/party . 
   actively colluding with the media to promote anti-bernie articles ? 
   is this the point you 're making ? 
  i 'm saying that this narrative that anti-bernie articles were being promoted by a biased media is bullshit . 
  i 'm saying that infighting on the left may have just landed america in a lot of trouble . 
  i do n't understand how it 's a struggle at all . 
  you hold your breath and take the plunge . 
  bernie supporters wanted a left platform , and they got given hillary , [ who matches up with bernie on most issues ] ( http://presidential-candidates.insidegov.com/compare/35-40/bernie-sanders-vs-hillary-clinton ) . 
  i honestly wonder at times if maybe bernie was the gimmick vote - oh look this crazy old man , let 's get with him !, 
  in the end , if someone would throw away their liberal platform , just because they do n't like the person building it , they 're not that liberal . 
  jesus fucking christ what is that, 
  that 's immaterial because voter turnout is usually a percentage of registered or eligible voters , not population . 
  she 's been thrown around a lot lately as a potential candidate for 2020 . 
  she 's far too young . 
  teddy roosevelt was nearly 43 when he got the office , and jfk was the youngest elected at 43 . 
  gabbard will only be 39 in 2020 , and 43 in 2024 , and will be slaughtered by the opposition for her perceived inexperience since she is so young in presidential terms . 
  even if at 43 she is the same age as jfk and roosevelt , it would n't be the same : jfk had a powerful political family behind him , and roosevelt was a vp who succeeded to the office . 
  gabbard would be better to run in 2028 or 2032 , with a term or two more under her belt in the house , and possibly as a cabinet member or vp to a democratic candidate in the next three elections . 
  fear of her religion is altogether something else she 'll have to fight against , but who knows how much the world will change in the next decade . 
  but why not michelle obama ? 
  by wide consensus , she gave the most powerful speeches of this campaign . 
  this does n't mean much , because we know turnout was lower this year ( with democrats especially ) , and that trump got a lot more rural voters out . 
  if 100 black voters turned out in 2012 , romney got 6 % = 6 . 
  if 90 turned out 2016 , trump got 8 % = 7.2 . 
  god i forgot about that, 
  it 's not about dynasties though . 
  it 's about who does a good job . 
  it 's about who knows how to play the game , and who knows how to connect with the people . 
  you 're forgetting that there are 320,000,000 people in the united states today , but there have only been 44 presidents , and one pres-elect . 
  not everyone can be president . 
  i do n't say this as in there is n't time for everyone to have a go , but not everyone is capable of it . 
  take ben carson for example . 
  he 's one of the best neurosurgeons in the world . 
  he got blown out of the water in the nominee race . 
  not everyone is cut out for president . 
  beyond that , look at demographics . 
  assume for a moment that trump is a one termer - who would america elect in 2020 ? 
  would they go for a woman ? 
  people said that hillary would go on her rag and start world war iii , ignoring the fact that she 's 69 and is well into menopause . 
  personally , i think a lot of evangelicals have an idea that women should be subservient , and that 's a huge voting bloc . 
  what about race ? 
  another black president ? 
  how about a native american ? 
  they get labeled terrorists for their actions at standing rock , and have been marginalised for the entire history of the republic . 
  an asian ? 
  china is working class america 's great fear . 
  japan gets taunted on the 7th of december every year with social media posts of nukes with the caption `` that 's for pearl harbour ! '', 
  a latina ? 
  would people who voted for a man that wants to build a wall with mexico support a latina candidate ? 
  america does n't have 300m options for president , and that 's just looking at demographics . 
  jobs and intelligence count too , and you need someone charismatic . 
  there 's a lot required to be president , and someone who has that experience should n't be counted out just because their father , son , spouse , or sibling , had the first bite at the apple . 
  oh no , i understand that , and we wo n't see the obama 's living in the white house again ( unless a kid does it ?? ) . 
  but i wanted to know this guy 's reasons for being so opposed . 
   islam is n't a race , as you clearly know . 
  this is a common argument , and it would be a very good one in a logical world . 
  unfortunately , we do n't live in a logical world , but one where race is still cited as a credible concept ( it 's not , science left it behind a long time ago ) . 
  i hate to do this , but think back to world war ii and the holocaust . 
  jews are n't a race . 
  they were however , the subject of racialization , where they were portrayed as a race for the purposes of stirring up discontent with them . 
  trump has done the same thing with muslims . 
  he 's been kind of clever about it by referring to `` radical islamic terrorism '' all the time , which lets him deny he 's targeting all muslims . 
  but when he said he would ban 1.6 billion of them , he was doing two things : firstly , implying pretty clearly , that muslims are n't trustworthy ; and secondly conflating the many , many , people around the world who identify as muslim - from white chechens , to asian indonesians - into one group . 
  when that happens , it becomes a matter of race . 
  and just a disclaimer : i 'm not calling you a racist if you voted for trump . 
  i 'm just saying that trump did say racist things , and he did it quite a bit . 
  edit : you guys have really cool upvotes in this sub . 
  nice . 
  tacit endorsement . 
  you 're not reading what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not saying there was no bias , i 'm saying that the narrative that the media torpedoed bernie sanders by running negative articles about him is bullshit . 
  he got proportionally more favourable coverage than the other candidates . 
  americans have a weird religion where they fear science . 
  the rest of the west does n't seem to have that . 
  we have religion , but our religious people are more open on science and social issues . 
  you 'd have to ask an american , but i remember a til or something being posted awhile back that explained that many schools in america have texan textbooks for some reason . 
  i think it might have been because texans have quite a bit of leeway on their education system , but it meant that their insane ideas on science get propagated . 
  california has more people though , so i find it a shame they do n't use their textbooks nationally . 
  oh , it 's just a cricket . 
  it was a lot more startling in the close up . 
  yes !,
