  yeah the guy 's a total armchair commentator , but it 's not really unlikely is it ? 
  rugby players have a history of alcohol shenanigans . 
  either way , i found it funny because as i said , that 's exactly what graham henry had to do . 
  he kicked justin marshall and carlos spencer out of the abs for it . 
  so do n't lose the relegation match . 
  why ca n't scotland be evicted if they 're not up to the standard ? 
  was sancho the uruguayan player who was pulling hooper 's jersey and refusing to let go ? 
  are you dim ? 
  it 's because in a pool of four you have two pairs of teams playing each other every 6 days . 
  fri : nz v tonga - sat : georgia v argentina / thurs : nz v georgia - fri : tonga v argentina / thu : argentina v nz - fri : tonga v georgia . 
  there 's no fifth team to squash in there . 
  it 's nice that lancaster is giving nick easter a chance of winning a game in his final appearance !, 
  this was my first though , but he 's only 29 , and he could easily do a frank bunce and claim a midfield position . 
  got a gif/video ? 
  the complaint is n't that teams need 7 days , it 's that some teams get 7 and others get 4 . 
  6 is perfectly fine . 
  but , if you want to be pedantic :, 
  pool a play all their games on fridays . 
  game 1 in afternoon , game 2 in evening . 
  pool b play theirs on saturdays . 
  pool c plays one game saturday , one game sunday . 
  pool d on sundays . 
  pool e on mondays . 
  5 pools , 4 teams per , all games played from friday to monday , giving every team 7 days off . 
  seriously , how can you not do basic math . 
   are you dim ? 
  yeah that 's the one i was thinking of . 
  the guy 's holding his arm and does n't let go when hooper shakes him . 
  i remember the commentators talking about whether or not it was a punch or an open handed slap . 
  either hooper overreacted or the guy dived , i do n't know which . 
  or to the flairs of other countries , like that jp65 guy, 
  yes . 
  how about cameron smith ? 
  he 's always seemed quite respectful . 
  23 weeks according to wiki . 
  was 24 , but appealed down . 
  probably that they 'll take lock replacements through the play-offs rather than take a flanker who can cover second and backrows . 
  remember how he was starting every second test and then not even selected for months at a time ? 
  never thought he 'd be a centurion . 
  it was n't 3 instances of him kneeing people though . 
  it was three instances of him going low while running , and the first two made shit tackles and got hurt . 
  yeah , it 's called running . 
  amazing that they ban an islander for being tackled badly , but do n't ban a white guy for kicking someone in the head . 
  you realise that in super rugby , teams played every team in the competition except two ? 
  every team played 4 teams from another conference , no matter what . 
  it was n't cheapened at all . 
  i do n't think argentina cheapens it at all . 
  they beat the saffas , which means the big 3 is an illusion - we all come down sometime . 
  australia lost to samoa a year or two back . 
  it 's not like argentina cheapens it anymore than an australian side that ca n't win two in a row against the abs in over 12 years . 
  alphabetical ? 
  ... who ? 
  are we talking about dirtiness of players ? 
  or how respectful they are of refs ? 
  make up your mind and stay on target, 
  it could be done over two seasons . 
  scotland can stop being shit . 
  it 's not going to happen , but it should . 
  no , the same argument could n't be made , because there is no one in the south pacific , let alone the southern hemisphere who is even close to argentina 's level . 
  the original post asked about england getting 6-7 days of rest time . 
  really , the problem is * equal * amounts of rest time , not how long it is . 
  you also asked several times how making the pools an even size would make the tournament shorter , and i explained that to you because apparently you do n't do math . 
  so next time you go and call someone ironic , or quote their own insults back at them , maybe check the thread history . 
  and hey , maybe you can start your own post to talk about 7 day gaps , when everyone else is just talking about equitable treatment . 
   are you ~ ~ dim ~ ~ as stupid as you are stubborn ? 
  altitude is a hell of an aid to kicking . 
  `` daniel . '', 
  `` it 's time we moved forward from this hostility . '', 
  `` like that pass ? 
  boom . '', 
  the only reason it was dangerous is because the tackler did n't go in properly . 
  you should n't be punished for running normally and someone else approaching you the same way they approach someone a foot shorter than you . 
  more like a horse now that horne 's gone . 
  fiji is nowhere near argentina . 
  not like georgia is to italy . 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  it would be the responsibility of the unions , and for underfunded unions , or amateur players , i can imagine a lot of fundraising and/or saving would go into it . 
  mate , we know the all blacks are n't gods . 
  if you 're born of mortal and god , you 're just a demigod . 
  also got a lot of experience against aussie teams . 
  we really need a pinned thread for english fans to dissect everything that has gone wrong . 
  there 's 2-3 new ones every day . 
  it was n't a complaint or a criticism . 
  i understand that this is something people will want to discuss , but there are so many threads that they get lost , and a collection ( in a pinned post or something ) would be much better . 
  well if that 's the case , georgia will never beat italy , so there 's no reason to worry . 
  just set it up and watch georgia languish in div 2 and never beat italy in the relegation match . 
  the 2011 world cup was the first one i was able to follow completely , without any requirements for school/work , and to be honest , the pool games were not really memorable . 
  there were some like argentina vs. england , which was a tight match , and others which i remember because of what happened outside the game ( watching scotland vs. romania on a hot afternoon and thinking romania were about to stage a comeback ) but not because of the play . 
  the pool stages were predictable and almost mundane . 
  this one has been exciting - hugely so . 
  the only pool i have n't really looked at is ireland/france , because it 's the same old story with two strong nations , and three space fillers . 
  i know it happened , but nah , i do n't remember watching . 
   it really sucks that i ca n't visit places based on the circumstances of my birth, 
  this is probably the most ironic statement in this entire thread . 
  \\ #cargokilts, 
  i heard andrew slack ( former wallaby captain in ' 87 ) on the radio today . 
  he said , `` i 've been waiting for the french to show up for 28 years . '', 
  and it 's a fair sentiment . 
  they will play their hearts out to win a fantastic game that no one gives a fuck about , and then they 'll get beaten by 30 points when it counts . 
  they 'll also do the reverse of that , and it 's impossible to tell which team you 'll play on the day .
