   what does this have to do with alleged white privilege ? 
  it 's literally the definition of white privilege . 
  that there is a different standard for white people . 
  little bit fragile do n't you think, 
  by whose standard ? 
  that 's a sociological definition of racism . 
  if you 're that confident , then why does it matter that you looked at a picture of a guy dressed like a girl ? 
   obama shits all over your argument . 
  who was his role model ? 
  he was the first black president . 
  who was george washington 's role model ? 
  there has to be a first . 
   black people have the same access to the same healthcare that white people do . 
  [ no they do n't ] ( https://www.forbes.com/sites/robertpearl/2015/03/05/healthcare-black-latino-poor/#3918dd937869 ) . 
  you keep talking about class issues and ignoring the fact that black and latino people are more likely to be poor than white people . 
  why is this ? 
   roflmfao , oh my god . 
  holy shit . 
  learn basic fucking history , kid . 
  i 'm done then , apparently you 're just a troll of some sort . 
  all the links provided plenty of evidence from credible sources . 
  by the way , your answer to my final question pretty much explained how racism is institutional , so i guess you get it even if you wo n't admit it . 
  by positioning yourself properly in advance . 
  finding a position that enables easy relocation to all possible new circles . 
  by preparing for relocation with a planned route or having a vehicle . 
  by choosing a position that has got multiple paths towards new possible circles with cover along each one . 
  that 's a really nice touch with the vp firing the president, 
  i 've heard rumours that he 's literate but at a low reading level as well as being dyslexic . 
  that combination would be enough to put a lot of people off reading . 
  marmite and butter on weetbix is fucking ace mate !, 
  mate there 's not even marmite on the bottom piece of bread . 
  what the hell is this, 
  neither does she half the time . 
  should probably delve into his past a bit just to make sure though , right ? 
  um that 's a really limited understanding of what skill is, 
  i wonder how many people will die because they were too scared to evacuate because they were n't documented . 
  it 's a cropped version of [ a bigger painting by jean-leon gerome called * pollice verso * ( transl . 
  ' a turned thumb ' ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pollice_verso_\\ ( g % c3 % a9r % c3 % b4me \\ ) # / media/file : jean-leon_gerome_pollice_verso . jpg ), 
  edit : wow that mangled url, 
  the response to metiria was `` look !, 
  another bloody m\u0101ori single mother cheating welfare ! '', 
  now it 's `` oh shit , mistakes happen ! '', 
  we ca n't pretend this is n't a double standard , but i guess we 'll keep on trying . 
  ok , it 's not `` pulling a race card '' , it 's pointing out that race is involved and is affecting how this is perceived . 
  i think it matters because winston was claiming super , and metiria was claiming welfare . 
  in the public consciousness , m\u0101ori are much more closely associated with welfare than p\u0101keh\u0101 and are often stereotyped as lazy dole bludgers . 
  that 's not a thing you see with super , because super is something people are considered to have earned , so it 's more neutral . 
  why ? 
  i 'd add to that that kiwis are probably ok with commerce being treated nicely by the government - within reason . 
  it 's generally understood that we rely on trade and a global presence to survive , but gifting our natural resources to overseas companies while destroying the country is a step too far . 
  both of those degrees are highly employable in areas outside the expertise . 
  the fact that he was ill probably impacted his ability to teach at any college , because the workload is extremely high . 
  it probably also restricted his ability to look outside that career path because not many jobs would hire someone with a serious illness . 
  there 's a lot to list , but government , pr , marketing , commerce , journalism . 
  both sociology and anthropology are humanities degrees , which generally are n't taken with a specific job in mind , but with a view to enhancing skills : writing , reading , critical thought , analysis . 
  there 's a massive demand for people who can communicate efficiently too , both verbally and in writing . 
  generally , a three year degree in one of those will show you 've written a large number of research essays , honed those skills , and are able to communicate your ideas via text in a manner that is simple and comprehensive . 
  a four year degree shows you 've completed a more serious research project . 
  a masters shows you 've completed a substantial body of work . 
  but all of them maintain the focus on high quality writing . 
  you know how you sometimes read something and it looks like the author swallowed a thesaurus ? 
  that 's what humanities graduates try to avoid . 
  ma degrees show specialisation in a subject field , and public admin is usually a postgrad degree anyway , with a generalised ba coming first . 
  so when you 're hiring for a public admin position , you might be looking for someone who 's got overlapping knowledge/specialties . 
  also , the beauty of a ba or humanities degree is that it 's versatile , so you can usually slot them into a job and they 'll be able to pick it up at the same pace as a specialised person , but with different skill paths . 
  that 's why you hear people say a humanities degree teaches you how to learn , while others teach you a practice . 
  how ? 
  if he 's too ill to work , you ca n't force someone to hire him , surely ? 
  and if he was ill enough , he might have felt he had to quit because he did n't have the energy to deal with the job . 
  i 'm in aus servers , only ever played with one russian that stands out . 
  dude went all out , was great , tried hard , communicated . 
  only issue was his 300 ping , but fuck if i did n't end that game wishing i had him on my team with a standard ping, 
  because there 's nothing else for them to be interested in in the dota community currently , so they grab what they can . 
  will pay for . 
   sure , there were some `` kingdoms '' , for example in the 16th century in mali or something . 
  the empire of mali lasted for over four centuries . 
  the emperor of mali was the richest man of all time . 
  he 's the only person in history to have controlled the price of gold in the mediterranean on his own . 
  but sure , continue with your fallacies about sub-saharan africa . 
  dude 's 68 . 
  he 's got another decade . 
  he probably promised that she would n't be killed , her child would be unharmed , and she and jaime could go off together . 
  fat chance now . 
  it 's been years since the last one anyway , and i think they 're majority written just need editing . 
  all ancients use their abilities vs one hero , do n't they ? 
  you seem like the most well balanced post-divorce father figure i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  your son sounds like he 's in three pairs of good hands . 
  new mechanic where instead of throwing or rolling grenades , you drop them . 
  mythbusters did an episode on this , using angled shots . 
  i ca n't remember what the thickness of their pan was though . 
  tell that to seal team six and their underwater insertion tactics . 
  people keep referring to the rng of having to cross entire circles when it 's getting close to the end . 
  in my experience this is when the game is 15 people or so max , and running across the widest part of the blue is beneficial because you 're arriving into the combat zone at a time when most other people are engaged in fights already . 
  you 're at a disadvantage because you have to take 5 seconds to heal , but you 're also likely to miss a few kills , and not attract the attention of people who are already sniping at each other . 
  agree with the blue , disagree with the water . 
  complaining about the water is a cop out . 
  the game is about using the terrain , whether that 's rocks , trees , cliff crevasses , or water . 
  people in the water are at a long term disadvantage because of their tactics . 
  i think fpp is a bit shit , and i love tpp and the different strategies in it , but these tunnels are the one thing in the game i think tpp does fuck up lol,
