  * some sort of military protection against invaders, 
  * roads, 
  * water, 
  * electricity, 
  * regulatory standards, 
  because without those ( any many more ) , you 're not going to be able to enjoy the fruits of your labour . 
  i do n't know what you do for a living , but let 's say you make guns . 
  you 're a gunsmith . 
  you make guns and you sell them to hunters , and people who like to shoot beer cans , and occasionally to a murderer . 
  you need a few things here , but let 's use regulatory standards from a government . 
  because that 's very invasive . 
  if you do n't have regulatory standards , then jim down the road can make guns cheaper than you . 
  they wo n't be as safe , and they wo n't last as long , but jim can sell a bunch of those in a year and they 'll last for two , so you 'll be out of business because his gear is cheap . 
  and then the police !, 
  what happens when someone breaks into your workplace to steal your high quality guns ? 
  who you gon na call ? 
  the local ~ ~ police ~ ~ protection department ? 
  what if they 're using jim 's guns . 
  lol . 
  but the free market means that they 'll be a fair price right ? 
  what if they bought a bunch of guns and got rid of all the competition ? 
  what if an armed club of goons has monopolized police work and you 're now having to pay large sums of protection money ? 
  you want the labour of other people that you pay for through tax because otherwise you 're going to pay a lot more out of your standard income . 
  regulations , police - that all costs labour to produce , and taxation gives money to a large body that protects you from being exploited . 
  yes taxes seem unfair because you lost $ 300 out of your $ 1000 . 
  but what if your $ 1000 was $ 500 to protection ? 
  then you only have $ 500 left and you still have to cover the costs of everything else you do n't have free anymore because of taxation . 
  it was like 3am too , and i was half asleep . 
  turns out people really hate taxes though, 
  as an outside back , it kinda is . 
  he 's good but he 's not good enough to hold that position uncontested for that length of time . 
  it 's above both the sun and the daily mail , but boy is it bad . 
  i do n't know about the others , but the abs have had the two best coaches of all time in the last thirteen years , so rating gatland on his performance vs them seems unfair . 
  to say that he 's taken that squad and put them on a 17 % winrate is suggesting that the other teams are all static , like a video game where everyone is assigned a rating that sits still . 
  but in reality , the abs have been changing coaches , adapting styles , and grooming players , and that adds a lot more elements to the equation imo . 
  not just linked to the kremlin apparently , but also to the fsb . 
  that 's where fair use provisions come in is n't it ? 
  like , if you put mickey mouse on a t-shirt , you 're not fairly using him . 
  if you use him in a parody , it 's different . 
  i 'd agree , and tell you i love taxes . 
  a libertarian posted in askreddit saying that the libertarians sub is full of whackos who are actually anarchists and that line was in there so i decided to see what would happen . 
  i 'd say lack of forethought ? 
  like what he 's doing is completely possible , but he 's got to either toe hack , or do a sweeping kick . 
  he 's probably not keen on a toe hack because in ( most ) kicking sports you 're taught not to do that , and most people have it ingrained that you do n't do that at all . 
  but he 's done a straight up soccer kick , which means yeah , his foot 's probably fucked now . 
  yes . 
  but if there was no taxation , then there would be no government ( apart from judy because she 'll volunteer for everything ) . 
  if there 's no government , then every public service becomes private . 
  if all services are private , then there is a different fee to access each one of them . 
  now this is where it gets tricky : does the labour you do provide you with enough income or resource to pay for all the private services you need or want ? 
  because government taxation ? 
  that 's a low fee for a very high cost of services . 
  the government is subsidising essential services for you . 
  cheers sweetie , it was a joke . 
  and it 's * you 're, 
  i do n't want in on this fight lol , i was just making an observation, 
  market value medicine is well beyond the reach of the majority of citizens . 
  try explain that one for me . 
  nothing , i 'm not a libertarian lol, 
  but frankenstein ( or his monster for the pedants ) does n't have a defined image . 
  mickey mouse does . 
  so when you put [ this ] ( https://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/disney/images/f/f6/mickeyart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20130705054827 ) , or [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c2/mickey_mouse_head_and_ears.png/220px-mickey_mouse_head_and_ears.png ) , or [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/58/c8/79/58c879d248fdb88262d48136b772e438--mickey-mouse-clipart-mickey-mouse-drawings.jpg ) on a tshirt , you 're intentionally angling for brand recognition and a profit from that - but you 're not entitled to profit from that brand , and why should you be ? 
  a stylised version of mickey mouse is a different matter though . 
  [ take this for example . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/bc/d7/03/bcd7033597916095d4956aba009d8fef--punk-disney-disney-cruiseplan.jpg ) it 's obviously mickey , but it 's also substantially different because the artist has added a lot of their own style to it , and i 'd argue that that 's fair use ( although disney might disagree ) . 
  but the point is that in this version , the artist is hoping for recognition that it 's mickey , but they do n't want that recognition to drive profit , they want that recognition because it contributes to their artwork by making people say `` oh , look how her horror theme has changed mickey . '', 
  in the us ? 
  yes , because there 's a lot to be taken care of . 
  is there misuse of tax money ? 
  of course . 
  you 're dealing with people , they 're flawed , they make mistakes , they do things inefficiently . 
  but as was also said in this post somewhere , you need to take money to account for the future . 
  you do n't budget for what you need now , you budget for the future . 
  i 'm really not invested in this enough to keep arguing , but i have subsidized healthcare and it 's wonderful . 
  i far prefer paying some tax , and supporting poorer people , and also getting cheaper healthcare for myself than having to suss healthcare for myself and paying more . 
  oh and that 's another thing , single payer ( government funded healthcare ) , means you do n't have to do the admin . 
  other people do . 
  paying for a service . 
  i do n't lol, 
  lol , i get free healthcare buddy , because my government subsidises it . 
  i pay a fraction of the cost for prescription medicine , because my tax covers the rest . 
  i can have a heart attack tomorrow , lupus on tuesday , three beestings on thursday , and i 'll get a bill for nothing on friday . 
  i dunno , i see it as a participation fee . 
  i 'm left . 
  social welfare left . 
  also kids do n't pay taxes buddy, 
  he 's not wrong . 
  mate , kiwis ca n't even move easily to the uk anymore . 
  you put paid to that recently, 
  it was the fault of empire . 
  you 're not at fault , but your imperial governments were , and your current government are the heirs to that fault . 
   i 'll stop pointing out our common history and culture when you stop using the structures we imposed upon your country through systemic state violence, 
  you 're telling a bloke from a colonised country that he 's a bellend because he decided to point out history to you rather than let you have some romanticised image of the white explorer sitting on a balcony in khakis , g&t in hand , talking about how good old blighty is and how he 'd love to help out the motherland . 
  historian here . 
  they colonised india . 
  kiwi here , do n't have free movement to the uk anymore . 
  who colonised china ? 
  india has had 70 years to fix three centuries of colonial rule . 
  i 'd say they 're doing pretty well considering they 're one of the quickest modernising and biggest economies in the world . 
   the whole colonisation was a far more complicated issue than simply `` the british took over india '',
