  i 'm just glad i found the karmic formula !, 
  ( i love the set and do n't care if he has 6 tentacles or 8 ), 
  yeah the collector 's cache sets are pretty drastic changes to the appearance of the heroes , but imo , they 're better than all the immortal treasure rares . 
  i 'm just buying these now , fuck levels . 
  oh wow , the original guy linked a 24 % support , and yours is 16 % and mine is below both d :, 
  they should have forced him to be a senator and deal with senator things for 90 days . 
  he does in a few of them when he 's showing the finished product , or pointing out a small detail on one of his projects . 
   signal and do n't turn, 
  ahh , should this be here ? 
  who signals just for the fun of it ? 
  pretty sure most people who signal and do n't turn are just realising they do n't want to turn and switching it off again . 
   when was the system not fucked ? 
  teamspeak had voice activated comms . 
  i used it for a long time with people who only used voice activated . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  these teammates ? 
  yeah , sure , a bit annoying . 
  but having played with people like that , it 's quite helpful to have 3 or 4 pairs of eyes yelling out where the enemy is when you 're 1 v 4 in the final circle . 
  i 've missed plenty of people moving in the grass who a spectating team mate has seen , and it 's saved me and got the win . 
  at least she did n't name trees, 
  you sound like you 're talking about the system as in the entire state apparatus . 
  i was just talking about welfare ( because that 's what this thread is about ) , and prior to the 80s/90s , it was n't completely fucked . 
  arya will kill cersei , jon snow will win in the north , daenerys will take the iron throne . 
  final scene will be dany peeling her face off to reveal jaqen h'ghar . 
  the little orange paperbacks that you can spot a mile off , and are small enough to fit in a coat pocket or a handbag . 
  they 're only about $ 10 , and they 're usually great stories . 
  a lot of them are classics , but they 've also got more modern stuff and they do ok with authors you 've never heard of , but fall in love with as you hear them describe their characters and scenes with utmost affection . 
  there was a trend a few years back , might be ongoing now , that only hipsters collect them . 
  i do n't know why - maybe it was the proliferation of colour co-ordinated bookshelves and the rise of pinterest , and these burning bright covers lend themselves perfectly to that sort of design - but they make literature accessible , and that 's beautiful . 
  i 'd rather a nicely illustrated cover , to be sure , but when you have a whole lot of them , it 's wonderful to look across the room and see a shelf that 's nothing but orange spines with the uniform black-on-white titles running down the row . 
  give me a penguin classic any day . 
  none of them . 
  every degree will be useful in some way , if the student has been taught well . 
  there are some courses around the world that seem like gimmicks , like the one at glasgow called `` d'oh !, 
  the simpsons introduce philosophy '' , but they 're only courses and will count towards a proper degree , which will be useful . 
  [ and his instagram ] ( https://www.instagram.com/rilke.guillen/ ), 
  i love how she looks so sure of herself the entire time , and her constant smiles and almost laughs make it look like a walk in the park . 
  it looks so effortless . 
  maybe you should start your own thread about the system then , instead of trying to derail one about welfare . 
  jake did apparently . 
  because if fault is n't determined , you have to pay a penalty to get insurance to kick in . 
  depending on who you are , your age , your licence , your car model , it can cost you quite a bit . 
  my policy can go from $ 300 to $ 1500 . 
  if fault is proven ( as a ticket would do ) , then the insurance company will pay you out and chase down the other guy for the money they 're owed . 
  yet when someone points out the british empire , they get downvoted to hell . 
  christians have a book that has rules which no one follows , yet no one runs around critiquing them ? 
  there is a blatant double standard in the treatment of islam and christianity in the west , and it 's because christianity is the religion of choice for the majority of people here . 
  that , and the fearmongering put about by racists , the press , the government , means that people have these absurd ideas about the lives of every day muslims in islamic countries . 
  anyone would think that you ca n't walk down the street in an islamic country without seeing thirty two gays thrown off a rooftop and ten toddlers getting stoned to death by the community for adultery . 
  [ john mccain effectively telling fox hosts that they 're being bigots . 
  i 'd be talking before the dudes even walked in the room . 
  i 'd just be yelling through the bars everything i knew . 
  pedantically speaking , as soon as something happens , it 's history . 
  the seconds tick on , and it 's there . 
  practically speaking , current events become history almost immediately , but perhaps in a different way to what you 're thinking of . 
  a problem i 've noticed a lot of people seem to have is associating the present with the past . 
  it happens a lot on some reddit threads about social issues , where you 'll see someone bring up historical occurrences ( slavery , colonialism , invasions , archaic laws about beating your wife ) and other commenters will dismiss them , usually with a phrase like `` but that happened years ago , it does n't matter now ! '', 
  a lot of people know this is n't the case , and that events in the past do affect those in the future . 
  almost everything an historian studies will reflect this . 
  a sociologist can tell you what the effects of discrimination a century after the events are . 
  a psychologist will tell you about communal memory or trauma - where an event is remembered so strongly by later generations that it appears as if they were present for it . 
  so why does all of this matter to your question ? 
  because a lot of history ( at least the popular stuff that makes it into these sorts of books you 're asking about ) is the big events . 
  it 'll look at the atomic bomb being dropped , the civil rights movement , the civil war , and the labour movements . 
  all of these events affected the way some or all of us live today . 
  and all of those events together have a cumulative effect , forming a national identity , shaping societal views , and influencing the law . 
  to swing back around to my answer of immediately , general history books take in everything about their topic , and much of the time they 'll finish up at the time of writing . 
  this is because everything up to the time of writing is either influenced by , or influencing , something else . 
  it 's also because once a book is published , it 's not going to be read once in the year of publication , and then tossed out ( hopefully ) . 
  it 's going to be a repeatedly referenced resource , and as the reader finds themselves more distant from the date of publication , those events that were contemporary to the author 's time will be pored over by other historians . 
  that 'll give the reader a far broader range of opinions to take in , to analyse , and to form their own opinion from . 
  for some examples , i 've got howard zinn 's * a people 's history of the united states * , and michael king 's * the penguin history of new zealand * sitting next to me . 
  zinn 's * a people 's history * is a better example . 
  it was first published in 1980 , and several revisions appeared between then and 2003 , which is my copy . 
  the final five chapters in the 2003 edition go from the days of carter and reagan in the early 80s , to a short 7 page chapter on the 2000 election and 9/11 . 
  king 's book is a popular history which is n't written for historians , but for the general public . 
  it was published in 2003 , and it covers up until the 1990s in its final chapter . 
  it has an interesting section following that called ` posthistory ' , which looks at society in new zealand in the late 90s , and i think that shows the difficulty even historians have some times in defining history . 
  overall , most historians would agree that there are many connections between past and present , so trying to separate the two does n't always work . 
  further , the connections can be very important in terms of being relatable and useful . 
  a thesis or academic paper that is written about an obscure and isolated incident in the past might never be cited or referenced today . 
  on the other hand , a study of the trends in government attitudes towards slaves in post-civil war america could be extremely relevant , given the modern issues presented by donald trump 's administration , or prior to that , police brutality against minority communities . 
  he used 2080 because it 's how salary is usually calculated ( 40 hour working week x 52 weeks per year ) . 
  salaries do n't drop for days off . 
  it 's still used in brake fluid and other car lubricants today . 
  i could also cut my grass with scissors , but it 's so much easier to use a lawnmower . 
   frankstein creation aka ` pure bred, 
  maybe not the best analogy mate, 
  most people wo n't use 5kg of flour that quickly though , or have a place to store it . 
  it 's far more convenient to buy a 1.5 kg bag that wo n't go off and fits into whatever container you have for it . 
   there is something wrong when politicians break the law and lie to get a benefit and our proud of it . 
  she was n't a politician when she broke that law . 
  however , bill english was when he defrauded the government . 
  she was n't proud of it . 
  she lied to be able to afford food and rent . 
  the alternative was a starving child , or a homeless child . 
  what 's the greater evil here ? 
  it was fucking fantastic half a century ago . 
  i wrote up a long response to this the other night but i could n't be bothered posting it in the end . 
  long story short , it worked * really * well .
