  some wonders were n't included , while others were . 
  gregory of tour had a list that had a heavily christian influence for example . 
  clayotn and price argue that the list which we today call the seven came about during the renaissance . 
  i 've only ever heard of minor differences in the ancient lists and the modern one , chief being the lighthouse of alexandria not appearing in ancient lists . 
  the renaissance list was fixed at a time when ' [ scholars ] could discern with a dispassionate eye the monuments that had really made the greatest impact ' upon the world . 
  these became our list today :, 
  * the great pyramid of giza, 
  * the lighthouse pharos at alexandria, 
  * the mausoleum at halicarnassus, 
  * the temple to artemis at ephesus, 
  * the statue of zeus at olympia, 
  * the colossus helios of rhodes, 
  * the hanging gardens of babylon, 
  [ maerten van heemskerck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maarten_van_heemskerck ) illustrated the wonders in engravings ( so maybe illustrate is a bad word ? 
  ) , and this seems to have settled the list as it collected them all visually . 
  however , this was drawn upon from ancient sources that he and other scholars had access to , and is therefore a list that could be missing some fantastic structures . 
  so to sum up , and answer your original questions in a tl ; dr before this laptop dies . 
  ** where does the `` seven wonders of the world '' title come from ? 
  ** it comes from the greek word for ` sights ' , and evolved into the word for ` wonder ' , which was similar in spelling ( and presumably sound ) . 
  ** who coined the term , and when ? 
  ** the historian herodotus provided one of the first lists around the time of the wonders co-existence , and later , it became a collective name that was more fixed by renaissance artists and scholars . 
  ** were they always the same wonders ? 
  ** no , different historians had different suggestions . 
  time narrowed the vision to these seven . 
  sources : * the seven wonders of the ancient world * , ed . 
  peter clayton and martin price , 1988 . 
  this is available on google books , in chunks at least . 
  edit : i apologise to everyone who reads my answer and gets largely the same information as the top comment . 
  this is what happens when everyone enthusiastically answers questions and we hit submit without refreshing !, 
  great for the sub though , 
  amidst all the scandal of the past few weeks , it looks like someone at nzru paid the ref 's bribe into the wrong account . 
  amazing how a hand on your shoulder is now considered dangerous . 
  it looks horrible , but it was n't . 
  lol , no . 
  we consistently played offside to get scrums and slow down the sin bin period . 
  we 're into the final 8 in another game where sopoaga is still not being given game time !, 
  he 's a good super rugby player , and everyone 's been screaming for his inclusion forgetting that the all blacks are a far cry above the chiefs . 
  he needs more time before he plays another test . 
  if you 're sitting here defending mckenzie to your dying breath , but you 're willing to throw fekitoa out after a few bad games after he debuted brilliantly , maybe take a second to think about how you look at and rate rugby players . 
  yeah , it 's been shit , but it 's all been us . 
  we complain a lot . 
  yeah , i forgot to refresh and check if someone had submitted before i did , so we came out quite similar !, 
  to answer your question , no , the lists were n't always septets . 
  there was one example i came across where only six were given , and others where one or two wonders were elevated above the others . 
  a major problem with this ( and with ancient history in general ) is that many of the ancient sources have been lost , and i would assume that there were a few more lists made by people travelling in greek lands who were n't famous enough to last like herodotus ' list . 
  seven is an odd number ... the wikipedia page , citing an edition of an oxford encyclopaedia for children , suggests that seven was an important number to the greeks for reasons including the number of known planets + the earth & sun . 
  a better logical reason is found in the source i cited above which argues that as 7 is the largest single digit prime number , it works well for a list . 
  mathematically , it is quite a special number . 
  a common wonder which is n't in the list but pops up is the walls of babylon , which appear to be separate to the gardens . 
   if he knew it was fake , why 'd he call police ? 
  because a kid waving a toy gun around in a park is n't responsible ? 
  because the kid pointed it at people and maybe it 's a bb gun which could hurt someone ? 
  i 'd call the cops for that . 
   a therapist . 
  why did she wait until he needed to be restrained ? 
  obviously he needed help long before . 
  and how is an officer , who has never met the guy before , supposed to calm down a guy better than the guy 's own sister who knows so much about him ? 
  the cop does n't need to calm him down , just restrain him . 
  mentally ill people can be violent , and cops are ( or are supposed to be ) better equipped to deal with that than therapists . 
  especially in a public place . 
  maybe i 'm misinterpreting your comments , but are you suggesting police should only be called out when a crime is occurring ? 
  maybe it 's a cultural difference , but my understanding is that i can call the police to help me in a situation that could be potentially dangerous , or if some kids are acting out in a park . 
  you 've got two agreements confused !, 
  but no matter , because this is still an applicable question . 
  firstly , the agreement signed on the 11th of november 1918 was the armistice of compi\u00e8gne . 
  it was an official ceasefire between the two fighting sides ( germany vs. everyone else ) , and was conditional upon germany fulfilling a set number of promises that included withdrawing their forces from certain territories . 
  secondly , it was * not * signed at 11am , but at 5am !, 
  the men who signed it however , agreed for all fighting to cease at 11am , giving all participants six hours to communicate news of the armistice , and the orders associated , to their forces . 
  this was important , because if the armistice was not followed completely , it was to be deemed void , and fighting would resume . 
  for that reason , it was vital that the time when the armistice began was clearly defined , and that there was enough time to communicate this widely . 
  the treaty of versailles was signed on 28 june 1919 , and was the official peace treaty of wwi between germany and everybody else . 
  you might remember from high school history classes the treaties of saint-germain ( austria ) , neuilly ( bulgaria ) , trianon ( hungary ) , and sevres-lausanne ( ottoman empire ) . 
  these were the other treaties signed between nations to officially declare peace after wwi . 
   someone posted saying if your a fanboy of mckenzie and he wasnt stellar then ease up on fekitoa . 
  well if you consider that a bad game for mckenzie youre pretty unforgiving . 
  hi , that was me . 
  here 's what i actually said :, 
   if you 're sitting here defending mckenzie to your dying breath , but you 're willing to throw fekitoa out after a few bad games after he debuted brilliantly , maybe take a second to think about how you look at and rate rugby players . 
  my point was that fekitoa has been an extremely strong super rugby player , like mckenzie . 
  fekitoa had a number of decent showings for the all blacks too , but people are quick to dismiss him . 
  on the other hand , they say mckenzie needs more game time ( he had an entire half ) when in actual fact he needs to be playing itm cup and super rugby for another year , growing his confidence . 
  my secondary point was that a lot of all blacks fans ( ** and this is absolutely not pointed at anyone in this sub but rather at all fans online and off ** ) are not as forgiving of a maori or pi player making mistakes as they are of a white player . 
  i 'm not saying this is racist , but it is an implicit bias that is present and can not be discounted . 
  the problem with colour blindness is that everyone becomes the same , and the differences that make new zealand so diverse are lost . 
  `` i do n't see colour '' is the worst , because it is so essentially a part of someone 's identity , but it 's not what * makes * their identity . 
  i see and hear a fair bit of it , and i wish it was n't the case , but it does seem to be . 
  hopefully it can be shrugged off generationally . 
  given that negotiations lasted 6 months or so , and two successive german leaders refused to sign , or tried to negotiate points of the treaty further , it looks like it was largely a coincidence . 
  the treaty had been hammered out by the end of may , and the allied forces were attempting to get it signed well before the 28th . 
  the only way i could see it as a tribute to sarajevo is if they got to the 21st and decided `` oh , let 's wait and we 'll remember old franz . '', 
  whatever it was , it 's a very poetic ending . 
  i 'm uncertain , and here 's why . 
  the process of armistice was initiated by the germans , not the allies . 
   the possibility of an armistice had begun the evening of november 7 when french soldiers of the 171st r\u00e9giment d\u2019infanterie near haudroy were startled by an unfamiliar bugle call . 
  fearing they were about to be overrun , they cautiously advanced toward the increasingly loud blaring when out of the mantle of fog three automobiles emerged , their sides gilded with the imperial german eagle . 
  the astonished frenchmen had encountered a german armistice delegation headed by a rotund forty-three-year-old politician and peace advocate named matthias erzberger . 
  the delegation was escorted to the compigne forest near paris where , in a railroad dining car converted into a conference room , they were met by a small , erect figure -- marshal foch . 
  marshall ferdinand foch ( why do n't we name our kids ferdinand anymore ? 
  they do such wonderful things when they 're named ferdinand ! ), 
  was the supreme allied commander in europe during 1918 , and gave the german delegation a list of his terms for the german surrender .
