  * raise federal/state taxes on cigarettes and/or alcohol . 
  * take some money off the military !, 
  * make corporations and lobbyists who donate money to politicians donate an additional sum , maybe 50 % , to government coffers for community funding . 
  imagine if betsy devos and her family giving $ 50k to trump was followed by another $ 25k to policing . 
  there are many ways to raise money . 
  it 's actually very easy when you 're that rich because you have so much coming in that 50 % of your $ 250k is negligible compared to 50 % of 25k . 
  i noticed the other day that hillary actually won the vote among earners over $ 250k , who know that they would face rising taxes . 
  so yes , people do volunteer to pay more . 
  ... and deliciously profane apparently . 
  do you have to be us born to be a senator ? 
  i 'm great at drinking water and carrying giant cheques, 
  missed the news about large numbers of violent threats to jewish community centres have you ? 
  you should read sanders4pres . 
  they 're all about withdrawing their support and giving trump a second term to teach democrats a lesson . 
  ok , as a millenial , would anyone really be leaking via phone ? 
  i can think of a million easier ( and safer ) ways to do it . 
  exactly what i said . 
  you 're not a leftie or a progressive if you 're willing to watch people suffer just so you can teach a lesson . 
  and then i get $ 174k for 6 years ?? 
  easy , what 's a nice chill state to win a seat in ? 
  awesome , going to delete my online presence , get a green card , and start shilling for pro-life and the church of our lord and saviour jesus christ . 
  i do n't think it made them look like idiots . 
  it was one tiny mistake - the red envelope with emma stone 's announcement got passed to the wrong person backstage . 
  easy mistake . 
  on stage , no one knew because , why would you ? 
  the only one who had an inkling something was wrong was warren beatty because the guy 's been through so many academy awards ceremonies that when he saw an actress ' name rather than the producers of the film , he paused and wondered . 
  it 's a tiny error , that looks huge because it 's the biggest award , but beatty , kimmel , and the la la land crew handled it really well . 
  ya , that 's why he paused . 
  cast do n't get announced for the award for best picture , producers do . 
  beatty knows that so he was a bit confused when he saw emma stone alone and not a list of names . 
  i knew it as half plus 6 , but that or 7 is pretty commonly known i think . 
  there was a 14yo at a neighbouring school who banged a 23yo . 
  seemed weird at the time . 
  got to 23 and could n't figure out how you 'd find a 14yo attractive . 
  i do n't know that he knew the winner , because faye went along with it without question . 
  i think warren saw the name of an * actress * rather than a list of the * producers * which is who the award for best picture is officially given to . 
  when he saw one name rather than three , he hesitated . 
  i think part of the list might be a distraction - lucio-ohs sound like a snack food released by the biggest dj on the planet . 
  i mean , he 's completely right though , because all those people could n't tell the difference between obamacare and the aca because of his party . 
   and once again , the october 31 nyt piece purporting to exonerate trump of russia ties based on fbi sources looks terrible . 
  why ? 
  what makes you think that the nyt had proof of this on october 31st ? 
  what makes you think that the fbi did n't release anything , but did tell the nyt ? 
  the nyt report means that sources were n't talking . 
  it does n't mean bad reporting . 
  you ca n't just make shit up without proof . 
  knowing him , and considering he was in a club for servicemen , i can almost guarantee it 's not water !, 
  i 'm not saying you were making things up , i 'm saying the nyt could n't . 
  phrased it badly . 
  they need sources , and often they need two to confirm . 
  in this case , harry reid was probably enough , but i 'd say they 'd want comment from the fbi too , and might not have got it . 
  the pages that the facebook group has chosen to like as similar include nigel farage and milo the paedophile . 
  any more devil 's advocate positions to advance ? 
  do n't be stupid . 
  the facebook * group * for this club , which was created recently as it has never been a group on campus before , has chosen to seek out these two pages and like them . 
  nigel farage is a right wing nationalist politician . 
  he took pride in collecting a paycheck for 20 years at the european parliament and never doing anything of value there . 
  he is to all intents and purposes , a leech on the european tit , and he wants to cut said tit off . 
  milo is an openly racist , trans-exclusionary , and sexist shock jockey of the internet and , like farage , there is no value in a european student 's association page liking his page . 
  true , i should n't characterise people who defend paedophilia as paedophiles . 
  how about `` closest paedophile '' ? 
  true , that was probably bad of me . 
  although takei was talking about a 19yo and a 13yo , milo was talking about mid to late 20s and 12yos . 
  a 19yo is still figuring things out , still has some things in common with a 13yo . 
  it 's absolutely taking advantage of a situation , and probably legally constitutes coercion . 
  i do n't know that it makes it paedophilia . 
  but a 28 year old ? 
  that 's abusive . 
   at one point he refers to the possibility of relationships between 13-year-olds and 25 - or 28-years-olds , claiming `` these things do happen , perfectly consensually '' . 
  it 's bad enough already . 
  if they want to celebrate european cultures , they should have named it european cultural club or something , like the other cultural clubs . 
  european students association reads like pacific students association - which was formed to give pacific students cultural support in a university where they were the minority by far . 
  there is no need for european students to get support for being european . 
  it 's literally a non-issue . 
  that 's the first reason . 
  the second , is that even if this was an innocuous group , it 's a magnet for white supremacists , and should be shut down before it grows past that . 
  you say to come to you when they do something wrong ? 
  how about we go for prevention rather than rehabilitation . 
  where to begin . 
  the referendum for brexit was not put forward by ukip or nigel farage . 
  it was put forward by the conservative party and david cameron . 
  nigel farage has never been a member of the house of commons , so he did n't even get to vote on putting the referendum through . 
  the european parliament had no vote on brexit , so again , nigel had no part in it . 
  in short , nigel farage has done nothing of value , and probably never will . 
  what he has done is vocally opposed the european union for a few decades , despite collecting an annual paycheck as an mep . 
  funnily enough , the irish elected sinn fein mps to westminster several times , and those mps , in protest of england , refused to take their seats in the house of commons and consequently forfeited their salaries . 
  nigel , dear lad , did n't do this , as he is driven purely by economics rather than political ideals . 
  no , not because they might like it , because they might co-opt it . 
  the nazis wore hugo boss , but we do n't ban that . 
  the nazis co-opted swastikas , and we do restrict those . 
  no it 's not because your entire argument was that nigel had done something of value , and you invoked brexit . 
  nigel did n't do a fucking thing for brexit . 
  he opened his mouth and screamed . 
  the uk parliament was responsible for brexit and nigel had no part in it . 
  they did n't do it because they were losing to right wing parties because ukip only had , and still only has , one mp in the uk parliament . 
  that man is ( 1 ) not as far to the right as farage , and ( 2 ) was a tory who stepped down and then stood for re-election in the by-election . 
  that 's like saying if peter dunne swapped to internet-mana and won ohariu again , it 'd be a victory for internet-mana . 
  it would n't be - it 'd be a victory that they got him , but his seat was won by the personality . 
  in short , i was n't bloviating , you were wrong , and i have a poor understanding of some things , but politics in the uk and new zealand is not one of them . 
  it 's completely different .
