  take a second here to imagine the sort of person who would accept this job if it was offered to them next week . 
  you 'd have to be either completely ignorant of everything that 's been going on , or a diehard gambler who thought they could get a few pay checks out of the way before the ship went down . 
  either way , it makes for more interesting times ahead . 
  the ending, 
  he 's an american businessman , highly placed in the companies he works for , who has a lot of connections with russia . 
  think about that for a bit . 
  who would be interested in a man like that ? 
  i 'd bet good money that tillerson has been approached by the intelligence community in the past to keep his eyes open and share what he sees while in russia . 
  there 's a chance he 's been a cia source for years and has been passing information all this year . 
  three strikes law . 
  getting caught three times with a dime bag is worth 20 years ? 
  there are paedophiles who get 5 years and their name on a list , but a druggie gets 2 decades ? 
  how is that right ? 
  too expensive . 
  i do not understand why people who claim to be conservatives declare their undying love for lower taxes and spending , but then turn around and demand the most expensive methods of punishing someone . 
  it 's cheaper to just build a prison in the middle of bumfuck , alaska , and drop them all off there for life at minimum cost . 
  that 's assuming of course that you have no desire to rehabilitate criminals . 
  it plays better on his stomach than half the league does on their feet, 
  so after a quick geez through / r/asktrumpites , the arguments seem to be :, 
  trump is the president so he can declassify information whenever he likes . 
  the us is more friendly with isis than russia because they fund moderate islamists , so really america is a bigger threat than russia . 
  `` it makes sense to give russia intel because then we can be friends rather than this hostile bs ! '', 
  also i saw a comment about how the us does n't need to continue obama 's anti assad policy which i guess means it 's ok to gas kids as long as they 're brown . 
  ### will the real number one seed please stand up, 
  ### please stand up, 
  ### please stand up, 
  no way , me too !, 
  so i think wizards became my third favourite team purely on wall 's performances this series . 
  ca n't wait for next season !, 
  you have to be a natural born american to be president though , and there 's very little chance of proving russia has ever owned mexico , so unfortunately his birth place is limited to somewhere between kamchatka and moscow, 
  wikileaks is pro-fucked-in-the-head . 
  julian assange , founder , has been holed up in the ecuadorean embassy in london for several years now , afraid to leave because he fears being arrested and extradited to sweden to face charges of sexual assault upon two women . 
  he claims that the women were plants who consented to sex and then changed their position . 
  or something . 
  assange also had this idea that america was pressuring sweden to act on this , forgetting that sweden is a sovereign nation that probably does n't take kindly to rape allegations , and would like to clear those up . 
  seeing trump as anti-establishment , assange 's train of thought ( most likely ) was that electing trump would prevent hillary clinton from continuing the heinous policy of influencing other governments to chase down sex offenders and punish them . 
  or something like that . 
  problem was , once trump got elected and realised that `` leaks '' and `` wikileaks '' are sort of similar , he seemed to have an about turn on his views on wikileaks , and the whole relationship is weird and uncertain now . 
  basically , assange should just bail out of the embassy , get cleared of the sex offence charges in sweden , and go hide out in south america . 
  but he wo n't do that because ( a ) he fears trump extraditing and ( b ) he probably did the sex crime . 
  legal . 
  possibly . 
  ethical ? 
  not even close . 
  he shared information gathered by a foreign intelligence service and given to american intelligence on the basis that they not share it without permission . 
  trump 's actions compromise the safety of sources , and the stability of ongoing intelligence operations . 
  for comparison : what would trump do if mi6 was given some information by the cia , who passed it on to theresa may , who then told kim jong whichever-one-we 're - up-to 's foreign advisor in a meeting about the information ? 
  that would be a cia source at risk , a cia case officer at risk , and cia protocols for operations at risk . 
  but sure , it 's legal . 
  i thought this was sean penn , but it 's actually sean bean . 
  it should be lack of consent anywhere - it 's changing the terms of a contract after agreement has been reached . 
  i 'd be booking a spacex trip to mars and fast tracking government funding for it . 
  mossad knows what i had for breakfast two days ago , you do n't fuck with mossad . 
  he probably read it off a piece of paper than left the russians in the oval office while he ran off to find that big map of the electoral college, 
  gender as a social construct just means that if you have a penis you 're a boy , or if you have a vagina you 're a woman . 
  obviously not true though . 
  mossad essentially have one rule : protect israel . 
  they do n't care who they kill , they do n't care who 's in their way . 
  they spy on enemies , allies , neutrals . 
  they do it better than other agencies . 
  and because of israel 's location , and the ring of enemies surrounding them , they do it ruthlessly . 
  there 's a reason that israel was able to win multiple wars against forces twice their size . 
  they had the best intelligence in the world . 
  republican senator from maine just came out and said `` we wo n't take evidence from putin . '', 
  some senators are pushing back against russian influence and trying to uncover everything themselves . 
  but that 's because half of us are n't even americans so we 're looking on in bewilderment , 
  i 'm pretty sure that even the russians are confused by how this has all gone down . 
  i mean , yeah , exactly . 
  russia seems to be in a perpetual state of `` not quite working out '' which putin likes to maintain . 
  it 's not incompetence . 
  and crucially , it 's a hallmark of ** russia ** during putin 's time in charge . 
  america is a completely different beast , which is why everything seems a bit more open . 
  i 'm a dad and according to the government , i have no choice but to send my best joke to school for 10 years . 
  two independent facts for you . 
  he 's a partner at a dc law firm . 
  jared kushner 's lawyer is also a partner at that dc law firm . 
  mueller works at the same dc law firm as one of jared kushner 's lawyers . 
  this seems like a good step , and i 'm assuming elite lawyers have a small pool of top firms to choose from , but that is a potential link to be remembered . 
  woah , woah , everything she said about his kids is exactly what / r/nba says about him on the daily . 
  tucker god damn carlson is even slipping a bit . 
  he ends that video asking if the white house really is in chaos mode . 
  politicians do n't go into a chaotic frenzy when the media is lying , they go in when the media is onto it , and he fucking knows that . 
  he 's actually got an inkling in his tiny brain that something might not be right . 
  i 'd like to congratulate you on having a stable enough life that you were confident in your ability to endure a trump presidency . 
  i 'm sure that the millions of people in minority communities around the united states who are being negatively affected by trump 's actions would want to congratulate you too . 
  i 'm sure that the hundreds of millions of people worldwide who have lost aid that is provided by the united states would also like to congratulate you !, 
  after all , politics is entirely about voting for the benefit of your self , and not those less fortunate , is n't it ? 
  if bernie read what you did , he 'd probably despise you . 
  yeah , mueller seems to be a top notch bloke who 's well clear of the rest of this mess . 
  it is in the back of my mind however . 
  also , the fact that the dag notified the white house * after * issuing the order would appear to completely clear mueller . 
  i think it 's a caption that 's been translated to english through a shitty auto translator . 
  so `` gta vi is observing pretty sweet . 
  at main glance i believed '' was probably `` gta vi is looking pretty sweet . 
  at first glance i believed '' in the original text . 
  there 's no mainstream media sites reporting that on google as far as i can see . 
  it 's still only the conspiracy sites ( louise mensch etc ) . 
  * do n't censor my flames *, 
  claude called the chaffetz resignation a week or two ago i think . 
  cited anon sources inside chaffetz 's office .
