  there was n't even an attempt . 
  your flair is literally trumpeting the brilliance of a trio of brothers who have collectively been elevated above their level by the skills of one brother who is still not as well rounded as he should be . 
  fuck up . 
  can you blame him ? 
  ayoub is the most commonly used tmo in nz games , and here he is being asked to play back footage of a shoulder charge on one of the most popular players in a huge game . 
  then the referee says that he 's giving a red card and ayoub is thinking quite rightly that he 's going to have to get up tomorrow and read seventeen badly written opinion pieces about george ayoub the interfering aussie who fucked the abs over once again . 
  how 's that salty ? 
  it 's an admitted fact by almost everyone on this sub . 
  this loss does n't hurt me in any way . 
  it does n't take anything away from my team or their past achievements . 
  all it does is make a vast number of rugby fans for another team very happy . 
  why is that something to be upset about ? 
  this is a * good * moment . 
  bants, 
  is he the lock ? 
  if so , i agree . 
  how about crocs who lets birds clean their teeth for them ? 
  if that 's a possible relationship , then why are n't crocs who recognise people as food bringers ? 
  this is what i 'm talking about in part . 
  you 're not giving him shit , but you think he called out the ref - the ref called ayoub to ask him to look , then ayoub stopped him about two phases later having had a look . 
  the tmo cops shit even when he 's asked to do his job, 
  lorde . 
  i live in nz , and this could only go down well . 
  ( it 's straight out of a gordon ramsay book , so you know it 's delicious . ), 
  last time i did it i stuck it on a piece of ciabatta with some lettuce and more salt and pepper . 
  had no sauces , but that alone was heaven . 
  no one is using a vibrator to hold up their microphone . 
  so it 's only news if it 's about violence in society ? 
  well guess what , trans people face a lot of violence , so this just became news again !, 
  i 'll chuck it in and out of the pan a few times to cut it through and check . 
  i like it cut into strips for serving anyway , so it does n't affect the end result . 
  glad you enjoyed it !, 
  hope all your steak dinners are more fruitful, 
  japan does n't matter , he went there in off season . 
  the one everyone got tetchy about was france and the return to league , which ironically showed that he did stay loyal to his word . 
  huge words from the wyatt crocket and whitelock brothers franchise lmao, 
  that 's some quality banter . 
  and seeing those stats at the bottom of the screen have finally made me sad we lost . 
  shag did n't deserve to go to 5 losses over that :(, 
  maybe you could stop talking shit about sbw who made on bad play when you have 3 dudes ( sam 's better now ) who could give a northern penalty kicker exhaustion with the number of fouls they commit, 
  this is what happens when you give women control of their uteruses !, 
  her mother was in on the plot too !, 
  also means the air force risk a loss of funding , as well as a substantial portion of their value . 
  other branches have aircraft already , and there 's no reason the airforce could n't be disbanded and their tasks reabsorbed by other branches . 
  [ there 's an xkcd for that ] ( https://xkcd.com/979/ ), 
  which also makes the kiss of poseidon far less impressive in america than in the rest of the world . 
  oo i ca n't i 've uh , got something i have to finish, 
  * slips out *, 
  two different words . 
  fillet is a 14th century english adaption of the french * filet * , pronounced fill-it . 
  filet is an 18th century english adaption of the same word , used in mostly the same way as fillet , but pronounced differently and afaik used for dishes rather than cuts of meat . 
  so scotch fillet ( fill-it ) and filet ( fill-ay ) mignon or fish filet . 
  my comment from last night :, 
   this is what i 'm talking about in part . 
  you 're not giving him shit , but you think he called out the ref - the ref called ayoub to ask him to look , then ayoub stopped him about two phases later having had a look . 
  ayoub did not initiate the tmo review for sbw , that was the ref . 
  [ the one where cane went in to tackle a man who was spinning out of another tackle , wrapped both his arms around henshaw , and henshaw was unluckily positioned ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqspt6igoru ), 
  i love how one of ours gets red carded and there are gifs for days , but when naholo gets knocked out and barrett gets taken out , i ca n't find a video of either ? 
  that 's how it works . 
  you get carded , your suspension is n't as long . 
  it 's an arm , that 's extended , and moves from point a to point b and back to point a, 
   ** swinging ** * verb * move or cause to move back and forth or from side to side while suspended or on an axis . 
  yeah , he 's trying to dislodge a ball from a position where he 's basically tackling his own team mate and has no vision of the ball or player he 's supposed to be tackling . 
  good one . 
  god , he might he something like you . 
  why ca n't you just downvote and ignore ? 
  your team won , and you 're out here throwing rocks . 
  so when he acts like a dick , you do too ? 
  there 's always a swinging arm . 
  but it 's only a problem if it hits above the shoulders . 
  his , easily . 
  yours looks idiotic but it 's nothing bad . 
  he 's just sore because he thinks you 're taking away something from his win . 
  it 's not sexism , it 's just understanding that men in hospitals are presumed to be doctors , and women are presumed to be nurses . 
  i have a friend who 's a nurse , and he will walk into a patient 's room with a female doctor ( which means he 's in nurses scrubs , with a nametag that says rn john smith , and the doctor is in business attire with a nametag saying doctor jane smith ) , and the patient will look at him for all the answers because he 's presumed to be the doctor . 
  edit : the user i was replying to probably is n't sexist , but her assumption is sexist and based on inequality in societal norms . 
  woah that get yarn one is fucking amazing, 
  the other 50 % is us finding out you guys do n't have kettles, 
  wow , there 's a sub for that . 
  funny how there are 5 mods with flairs from canada , england , france , usa , and israel respectively . 
  and there 's some sweet conspiracy shit going down there . 
  also i 'm probably on a list now . 
  eh , i think he should have had a week or two off if it was called a red card by the citing commissioner . 
  but does it matter if he does or not ? 
  chances are he 'll be more careful now , and that 's what 's needed for player safety . 
  did n't he score one in the first test when scott barrett let him run through a gap ? 
  or was that webb ? 
  sorry , i was n't clear enough in my comment . 
  the user i was replying to was n't being sexist , but the assumption is , and that 's linked to societal norms . 
  ironically , i was just trying to avoid getting a mass attack in my inbox for daring to suggest that men were more privileged . 
  buzzfeed had an amazing longform piece on this and it was insane how deep everything went with her mother 's manipulations . 
  hone 's a bad comparison here . 
  his history is activism , not hedonism . 
  my grandpappy tripped over a rainbow painted curb and choked to death on a gay illegal albanian 's cock . 
  in the zone . 
  ti 's the world cup , the majors are just fluff . 
  or ti = elite four , majors = gyms . 
  * refresher *, 
  ok i know us kiwis like to do a lot of firsts ( women vote , pavlova , everest ) and bests ( rugby , marmite ) , and punching above our weight and all that , but can we let someone else do the `` recreate an enormous fucking predator and realise it 's a huge mistake '' thing before we do ?
