  is there a schedule for the major/minor season ? 
  it 's not slavery to bend the knee , it 's just recognising a different monarch . 
  the dotabuff mmr is a bit off . 
  mine shows an mmr that 's about 600 off where i actually am . 
  yeah i thought there might have been but i could n't find it . 
  do you have a link ? 
  * all collector 's cache sets, 
  * lycosidae 's favor | brood rare, 
  * wings of daybreak | kotl rare, 
  want :, 
  * keys, 
  * golden cyrridae | weaver rare, 
  buyer goes first , or we use a middleman . 
  pm me with an offer or add on steam . 
  how many ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll do 3, 
  surely your bigger problem is the invasion by the kiwis , 
  yes there are black supremacist groups . 
  but trump was making a public comment on the events in charlottesville where the two sides were nazis and people protesting nazis . 
  while he was correct in saying there were two sides , he was wrong to condemn both sides as only one was creating trouble , while the other was merely protesting their presence and message . 
  as one of the people who thinks gun laws are great , and lives in a country with gun laws , and has seen like two guns in my life , i do n't think guns make people psychopaths , but i think they make them bolder and allow them to turn a rash decision into a rash and fatal decision . 
  for example , telling someone to shut the fuck up in a movie theatre is very safe here , because they 'll tell you to go fuck yourself , or they 'll throw something at you , but they wo n't shoot you . 
  pulling the finger at someone who cuts you off wo n't get you shot . 
  anything you can do to annoy someone here , will not get you shot . 
  i do n't think mass shootings are as scary as an angry person on the street pulling out a gun and getting heated . 
  cops on / r/protectandserve were dropping the `` play stupid games , win stupid prizes '' line because the protesters were in the street so of course they were going to get hit by cars, 
  that 's bullshit . 
  one person 's free speech should n't be allowed to infringe upon another person 's rights . 
  no , but it does mean you guard against it . 
  unlimited free speech is as dangerous as no free speech . 
  they 're committing violent acts for political means . 
  terrorist ? 
  fuck off , the rest of the klan were praising that guy for driving through the crowd . 
  random people on the internet , vs named people at racist rallies . 
  hmmmm . 
  dunno man , is it authoritarian to privilege the safety of the citizenry over the free speech of the fascists ? 
  a government has a duty to its people . 
  and safety comes before speech , because without safety , you ca n't exercise speech . 
  so you 're saying that it 's not important to protect the mental health of people in society ? 
  so harassment is ok , because it 's not physical violence ? 
  taunting someone to the point that they feel like they ca n't walk the streets of their own city is ok , because at least they 're not being assaulted physically ? 
  feelings do n't make someone a pussy or any less of a human being . 
  they 're an integral part of the human experience , and arseholes like you who go on the internet and cry about people who claim to have been offended and laugh at their feelings form an environment where people think it 's ok to be rude , to act like wankers . 
  fuck free speech if it costs anyone their safety . 
  if a person ca n't walk to the shops in their own city without fearing the taunts of people citing free speech , then free speech is a fucking cop out . 
  `` ran around the neighbourhood '' does n't have to literally mean ran . 
  lmao found the pay-to-win shill, 
  no , he aimed it at americans on reddit who might try to bring politics into a terror attack . 
  i highly doubt all 300 million americans are on reddit . 
  how is it not a green issue ? 
  a minor percentage of fuck all as per usual, 
  if it makes you feel better , the one time i got one i fell into a gap in the rocks at the pier by fishing village and when i finally got out i got popped in the head instantly . 
  take each as it comes , and this is the one that 's come now . 
  what 's wrong with an rpg as a rare crate drop ? 
  it would be limited ammo like the awm , and it would be seen maybe once in a game . 
  they 're hard to aim , and devs can make them low splash so that they 're bad vs players . 
   while i do think that we as a society should be open to altering our constitution , it is not something that should be done without careful thought and consideration . 
  how about some careful thought and consideration about what giving nazis a platform leads to ? 
  you can make it so it does n't do area damage at all . 
  plenty of games have anti-vehicle weapons that are shit vs people unless you land them perfectly . 
  this is n't a new concept . 
  to what ? 
  peruvian dota players ? 
  lmao , who the fuck 's downvoting this ? 
  you got something against peruvians ? 
  true , sumail is pakistani american timado, 
  it 's not the symptom , it 's the vehicle of infection . 
  when someone has an infectious disease , you do n't just ignore them and do things as normal . 
  you isolate them . 
  you treat the disease in quarantine . 
  did n't kpii say he 's leaving newbee though ? 
  they pulled down statues of george iii in the 1700s sweetie , but americans still remember why they fought the war of independence . 
  tell ya what , i 'd still choose the girl . 
   he was born and raised in new jersey, 
  this does n't surprise me at all , because ever since harold and kumar his voice has been the stereotypical american college kid accent for me . 
  not the preppy one , just the regular college kid . 
  peruvian players will win with peruvian captains if they get the same chances others get . 
  i think it 's a bit different at that level too . 
  they can probably feed themselves ok without the girl working ( father or siblings could both be off working ) , so focusing on the daughter 's education is a simple enough task . 
  in the west , the middle class has substantially further to go to increase their child 's odds of being better , and that 's built in to how the system works . 
  also , a middle class life is generally one of comfort , so there 's a little less incentive to move up , unlike when you 're living in a pipe . 
  yeah exactly , timado is the first one through the door and brings in others . 
  i 'm excited for it tbh , he was great at ti . 
  ccnc would never be in this scenario though , because he does n't make it past the quarter hour, 
  this is misrepresenting her words . 
  it means that her priority is with those most affected , which is women . 
  white women . 
  for fuck 's sake , it 's minimum wage man . 
  you happy to work for $ 20 an hour at maccas ? 
  that 's $ 41k a year , * before * tax . 
  the incentive is that you get a real income and might actually have some savings by the time you 're 80 so you can retire . 
  except it was in a housing , so it should have been fine until 5-10 seconds before the pressure ruined it . 
  a carseat does n't mean it 's occupied . 
  show a bit of respect lad . 
  given the developments of the last week or so , kafer might actually be a kiwi commentator lmao, 
  where 's quade at ? 
  is he in europe now or something ? 
  wyatt is * fucked *, 
  is it really surprising to hear that the right took something sarcastic and ran with it lmao,
