  he went to the god damned dentist at half time , i 'm killing myself laughing, 
  people like you do n't seem to understand that for a lot of people , hillary was the only choice . 
  she was the only one that guaranteed their lives . 
  she was the only one that guaranteed their homes . 
  trump would remove their healthcare . 
  kick them out of america . 
  split families . 
  so congratulations dude . 
  you 're privileged enough that you can sit here and say `` not voting hillary is valid '' , but there are millions of people in america who are now wondering why their country hates them . 
  i 'm convinced his teammates have a chick flashing him from the back of the room or something and he just ca n't ignore it, 
  no she did n't , that was bernie supporters . 
  everyone who yelled bernie or bust and would n't back the dem . 
  * every single fucking prick * who said `` yeah , i can survive 4 years of trump , and the dems will learn next time . '', 
  bernie is n't a god damned democrat , why the hell should the dnc bow to him ? 
  if bernie won the primary and hillary supporters were still complaining 6 months later , berniebros would be laughing and calling everyone salty . 
  this shit 's got to stop . 
  i ca n't believe i clicked x on a fucking ad to view that pos picture . 
  for everyone else , [ here 's a direct link to avoid the cancer ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/207/210/b22.jpg ), 
  what the fuck does a peaceful revolution look like, 
  you 're despicable . 
  an election is not a revolution . 
  it 's working within the existing structure . 
  a revolution replaces the structure , e.g. 
  democracy to dictatorship or vice versa, 
  congrats , you literally fell for [ fake news spread by an ex-employee of the foundation who had a grudge . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/01/04/did-the-clinton-foundation-pay-for-chelseas-wedding/?utm_term=.121657bf42a1 ), 
  bernie sanders stole power from his neighbours , wrote rape fantasy stories , was a civil rights activist for all of 2 years before doing nothing for the next 40 , and is a zionist . 
  tell me more about how hillary is a terrible person . 
  oh my fucking god i had to teach this to half my family one rainy afternoon . 
  4 university educated adults , probably 34 , 33 , 22 , and 20 . 
  they were all swearing blind that i was stupid for not knowing this , and then they all just kinda laughed nervously and shut up when i read fucking * wikipedia * to them . 
  sex , right guys ? 
  we eat the supper to do the sex, 
  ps supper is like dessert dude , the meal you 're referring to is dinner . 
  because it 's wapo 's fact checker section . 
  they take a ` fact ' that 's doing the round , and ask questions of it , like is it real . 
  if you read the article , which i 'm beginning to suspect you did n't , there is ( 1 ) no proof , ( 2 ) several bits of evidence against it , and ( 3 ) plenty of motive . 
  oh my god this is such a rural thing it could be true, 
  100 year anniversary of the capture of fresnoy this weekend , might have had a relative there . 
  it reads like people magazine because it 's rebutting a piece of gossip that came out in a leaked email . 
  it 's got no evidence because you do n't fucking need evidence to prove a negative . 
  you trashy pseudo-intellectual, 
  rugby has a pretentious tag ? 
  so no evidence , yet you continue to claim it happened . 
  hmm . 
  on the basis of these comments , it 's you that shows a lack of care for children 's safety , not me . 
  bear in mind this attitude has only come in * since * the professional era . 
  the all blacks of the 80s and 90s were predominantly auckland and canterbury players and were right pricks . 
  sean fitzpatrick , richard loe , robin brooke - all great players , but they treated new players like shit and a few biographies from the period mention how tough it was to go into the all blacks and not be recognised for the achievement by your peers ( because they did n't see themselves as all on the same level ) . 
  the final straw of all this of course was when graham henry booted out carlos spencer and the other bloke ( justin marshall ? ), 
  in '04 and put an end to the mock trials and instead focused on good team cohesion . 
  he wanted his players to be nice people , and he got it . 
  he 's not that bad as a commentator . 
  he 's been a lot better the last 2 or 3 seasons than he was when he began, 
  nope !, 
  cite whatever you like , defend your use of it and prove it 's relevant . 
  i 've had to cite other theses from ~ 1950 because that 's the last time anyone did any research on my topic . 
  i 'm pretty sure a master 's is equal in all the english speaking countries . 
  australia/nz offer 3 year bachelor 's degrees , with a separate honours year following . 
  america does 4 year bachelor 's for some reason , but i believe they do a senior research project in their 4th year which is semi-equivalent to our honours . 
  the honours program is used to let students who get top marks skip the master 's degree and go straight to a phd . 
  alternatively you can do the master 's as a sort of academic testing-the-waters year , then advance to a phd if you have n't burnt out yet . 
  jesus christ , so much stupid . 
  that car overtakes from way too far behind , then he slots into a gap that 's far too small , then when he slams on the brakes the guy behind hits him because he 's probably angry he got overtaken and has decided to follow aggressively close . 
  well , would you rather dance with a polar bear on a sunny beach or dance with an alligator on a glacier ? 
  i 'm lucky in that all my work is local , so all the theses are in my library , and they even wrote them there too . 
  serious response . 
  i know of one person who 's ever not worn a seatbelt as a matter of habit and had an ok-ish reason for it and that was my grandmother who could n't breathe when the belt tightened across her chest ( she only had one lung ) . 
  if your fiancee is worried about being trapped by a seatbelt , buy either some scissors or a knife and keep it in an easily accessible spot from the seats . 
  it needs to be somewhere you can reach if you 're locked upright in your seat . 
  the scissors need to be heavy duty to cut through a seatbelt , but it can save your life . 
  obviously you do n't just let everyone know where these tools are , because if someone decides to flash a knife at someone , you 're in trouble . 
  exception to the rule : taxi drivers . 
  those motherfuckers . 
  buy stocks in weapons manufacturers . 
  short stocks in airlines . 
  make millions . 
  but if you went back with that knowledge , surely you could then change your decisions and know that getting out at age : whatever was still a good idea ? 
  hahaha holy crap this is legit the first time i have ever heard someone ask this question and it is always on my mind when i go to the loo . 
  so glad this is a high post . 
  really ? 
  they 've basically got lighthouses directing them in . 
  people thought that the aca was different to obamacare , of course that 's what they thought . 
  538 and nate silver are providing a brilliant service to a population that does n't understand a word of it . 
  because that was him once . 
  the bloke grew up poor and in council housing and now he 's made it . 
  he 's so genuinely because he knows where he came from . 
  we have those . 
  it means that both cars accelerate in an effort to take the lead , then by the time you 've vanquished the soccer mum in the people mover you 're up to motorway speed and you can merge seamlessly . 
  q : what do you mean by thumbs forward ? 
  i do n't have a gun/toy gun here to figure out how i 'd hold it but thumb location on the hands makes me think thumbs = back of gun ? 
  i 've never washed a tshirt before wearing it in my life, 
  it 's not that it 's ` some incredible feat ' for a black person to graduate , it 's much bigger than that . 
  firstly , her mum dropped out thirty years ago - that 's * before * 1987 . 
  why 'd she drop out ? 
  could have been lazy . 
  could have had money issues . 
  could have have a kid . 
  could have been victimized by racists . 
  we do n't know .
