  \\ #remembersouthafrica, 
  at some point , this game blew out , and i ca n't figure out how , despite seeing the entire thing . 
  ### reminder that argentina scored more points against the all blacks in 50 minutes than australia did in 150, 
  honestly , i doubt out bench sometimes . 
  we have no standout halfbacks behind smith , and our midfield is rooted at the moment . 
  cruden 's limping , barret 's injured , sopoaga 's coming back boys, 
  dc was a phenomenon . 
  the guy was an all rounder too remember . 
  he has 29 tries for the all blacks , only 2 behind nonu who is 10th on the list of all time try scorers for the abs . 
  he should share it with perenara . 
  you have no internet connection . 
  this still makes me angry . 
  no highlanders first five has ever managed to have a good go in the abs . 
  tony was always back up to merts , evans to carter , and now sopoaga 's third . 
  that high tackle . 
  `` any other team '' right ? 
  shh , just take it as a chance to bad mouth dallaglio and his ** horrible brutish plays !, 
   and what happened with the lie that she `` just overheated '' , even though it was a 75f day and nobody else was in any way having problem with heat ? 
  why did n't she overheat in the previous days , when it was way hotter ? 
  why was n't she sweating at all just moments before fainting in the pictures ? 
  ever stood on a stage in front of lights before ? 
  that shit 's hot . 
  like knock you down hot . 
  ever wonder why musicians sweat like niagara even when they 're standing still ? 
  super hot lamps directed at your face . 
  it 's not just singing and playing , it 's the ferocious heat too . 
  edit : what the fuck , i assumed she was on a stage indoors because that would excuse your ignorance , but she was standing in a dark suit , in sunlight . 
  why is it hard to believe she overheated ? 
  social movement . 
  christians had formed abolition groups , and were dedicating themselves to ending the slave trade . 
  the parliament listened , and it was done . 
  there was no slavery in britain , so it was n't as if they saw a reason to keep them . 
   `` i heard a dish break downstairs , but i live in my moms basement - part 13 '', 
  duuuude , if he lives in the basement , then what is * downstairs *, 
  kris kristofferson too . 
  we 've talked about this before ( obviously ) , but the last time it was brought up i pointed out that when i was a kid , i played some sports , but never rugby . 
  i did n't excel at any of them , i was just average , so there was no special sporting talent . 
  but my friends ( who were all cricket/soccer/non-sports players ) and i also played rugby at school lunch every day , and all knew how to pass and kick a rugby ball to get the desired result . 
  i think it 's just so ingrained in the culture here that everyone gets exposed to a rugby ball at some point . 
  only works if you 're a wallaby though, 
  do it as a loss , but if you predict a draw , you should win a life back . 
  ovals over circles in nz . 
  probably the same in aus whether it 's rugby , league , or afl . 
  if they wait too long , they 'll have to let the followers play through !, 
  that fucking intercept . 
  reminder that mitchell had an 83 % winrate , which was better than every all blacks coach before him since the 87 world cup with the exception of grizz wylie . 
  mitchell had a better record than hart , mains , and smith , with arguably a shittier team ( fancy having to rely on carlos and marshall ) . 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  i was just pointing out that mitchell gets a really bad deal in the historical memory . 
  henry and hansen tidied that team up no end and now we have proper men who actually take responsibility for their actions , and realise that being good on the pitch is only half of it . 
  not op , but i like the idea of re-imagining concepts rather than remaking them - we have so many sherlock holmes stories in different mediums already that this one is quite nice in it 's substantial difference to the others . 
  as per usual , ` ax ' is an american spelling , while ` axe ' is used by the rest of the anglosphere . 
  it does n't seem that bad . 
  it sounds like a woman talking and crying reasonably loudly . 
  she does n't seem to be screaming , and it 's not the eerie sort of sound you hear sometimes from people who are in distress . 
  i think it 'd be worse if she was speaking english . 
  sounds more like a blues play than this bloke 's haha, 
  he 's got great awareness of the game and the positioning of his team & the opposition . 
  of course this also helps him stay out of the way of tackling , but offensively , he 's great . 
  so the youngest hanson brother took up rugby then ? 
  i do n't remember this , and i just scoured youtube for it - was it a deleted scene ? 
   the entire plot of the movie may have been invented by verbal . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  nah , just an old rumour because mitchell dropped cullen when he was in perfect health and good form . 
  but he also dropped taine randell and jeff wilson . 
  you 're criticising the movie as if the premise is broken , but you did n't even realise what the premise is . 
  that 's probably what you 're downvoted for . 
  this makes me wonder why everyone 's complaining about cheika selecting old players this year . 
  if he 's got no one decent to use , why would n't he go back to a team that was legitimately scary at the world cup ? 
  i think it 's because you tacked onto a reply where the parent comment was openly bashing the film . 
  agreed . 
  i think carlos could maybe have done well with hansen as an impact first five . 
  i think ( * i hope * ) that he means the organisation puts club before country , not the players . 
  i 'm confused about the summer tours thing . 
  to you , summer tours are the home nations coming to aus , nz , south africa - these occur in june , which are 9 months after a world cup . 
  unless you mean when our teams come north , which does n't happen after a world cup anyway . 
  that 's an issue with the northern club structure rather than international tours . 
  should do something about that . 
  down here , the union controls the clubs . 
   i 'll concede isis , but not the other nations . 
  isis is n't a nation , and only have numbers between 15-20k . 
  edit : i did n't mean this to be patronising , just pointing out that you potentially gave the guy above you a reason to see isis as a country/state . 
  racism is n't limited to races though . 
  great example is ironically , hitler and the jews . 
  the jews are not ( as constantly pointed out on reddit , and in other forums where racism is debated ) a race , but rather an ethnic group , or collection of ethnic groups . 
  however , ethnic groups can be racialised , or portrayed as races , because race is n't a scientific term , but a social one . 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'm in nz , worked a job for 23 days in a row one summer , and made $ 3k . 
  was worth my time , and i knew it when i signed up . 
  lucky for you , there 's a lot of people who agree with these views !, 
  i 've heard ayn rand mentioned often enough on the internet to know there 's something about her writing that is slightly off , but i honestly do n't know what it is , so i could n't react . 
  what is it exactly ? 
  do your work laws have mandatory days off then ? 
  i thought it 'd be ok to work long numbers of days as long as you were paid and accrued the usual days off . 
  yes . 
  it 's that pronunciation issue ae . 
  same reason no one knows how to spell caucaunibuca 's name - always referred to as rupeni caucau . 
  i sincerely hope we 've rid ourselves of wyatt crockett by the end of this year , if not 2019 . 
  fuck , if northland win , the chaos will be delicious, 
  18 % of the world population .
