  it 's like having a whole other garment to accessorise and make look nice . 
  i mean , this is kind of what i meant . 
  this is the attitude at / r/csgo 24/7 . 
  there 's hardly ever a positive thing there . 
  but in terms of actual work being done . 
  what is there to be done ? 
  realistically , what would you add to cs without turning the entire community against you ? 
  that game has been through three iterations and a lot of people thought it was perfect at 1.6 , and at source . 
  same with tf2 . 
  everyone i knew who played quit because the game got updated too much . 
  they just wanted the original tf2 back . 
  they did n't want new anything . 
  so when a community is rebelling and saying you 've got too much stuff , how the fuck are you meant to add more ? 
  i dunno , i 'm an anxious person and i 'd tense up , but i knew it was coming , so i 'd just say why i chose my major . 
  best bit was that i knew everyone 's names from the first day and could make friends easily . 
  `` oh hey , james right ? 
  you catch the game ( something he mentioned ) on the weekend ? '', 
  and done . 
  this is partly true , but i 've seen reddit comments in the last few days about people whose family members were on welfare because they were unemployed for a period , and they got off it and went back to bashing welfare people for bludging . 
  it 's not just a cultural thing of `` welfare is bad '' but `` welfare is bad when * they * do it , not me '' . 
  so the question becomes , who are * they * and why is it different for them ? 
   he had it in his head he 'd go become a computer programmer , start a video game company , and land a helicopter on the roof of the school during our reunion ( his words ) . 
  omg it 's the plot of romy and michelle, 
  uh , your username is literally stop the insanity , and you think this billboard is bordering on paedophilia ? 
  i do n't know if you know what paedophilia is mate , but there 's a lot less clothing involved in a lot of it . 
  by the way , you 're a fucking loon . 
  go have a lie down , the sun 's getting to you . 
  they could just make a new princess . 
  who 's black . 
  is that too hard ? 
   making $ 5.15 / hr as a fry cook . 
  jesus , that 's less than half of minimum wage in my country , after exchange rates . 
  kiwi here . 
  we were taught as kids that if the water recedes , you bail out . 
  we were taught this with a specific example from the ancient world : in one of the classical cities , there was an enormous earthquake , and it caused fires on the ships in the harbour , some of which subsequently sunk . 
  they were trading ships , all filled with wealth . 
  later , the water receded , and the ships were revealed on the floor of the harbour , and hundreds of people ran out to them to pilfer the treasures and goods from the cargo holds . 
  they were only out there for minutes before the water returned in the form of a tsunami , and everyone who had run into the dry harbour was drowned in the wave . 
  oh shit , maybe !, 
  not so ancient after all haha . 
  this is what memories of primary school stories result in . 
  why not both ? 
  lucky that the scientist in question had a history of administration in scientific labs and projects . 
  maybe you should read the article next time . 
  this is the worst case scenario . 
  there is still the slim chance that he is so grossly incompetent that he makes it two years without achieving anything before the dems take back the senate and congress , and then everything returns to some sort of equilibrium . 
  trump goes down in history as the joke president , a crass and idiotic man who achieved nothing of substance , and was a modern era dark age president between barack obama , and _________ , the two term democratic president who introduced sweeping changes beginning in 2020 . 
   racist, 
  given that these are obviously comparisons to other cities in nz ( and america in the case of la ) , this one makes no sense . 
  tbh this sounds like you just did n't see the right stuff . 
  the north shore and west auckland have got fantastic beaches ( family friendly on the shore , surfers dream out west ) . 
  the entire city has got enormous reserves ( a lot of them based around the volcanoes ) , which are a dream for kids and adults to explore . 
  as for liveability , i reckon it 's great . 
  i 'm in the suburbs and everything i could ever want is within 10 minutes drive . 
  i can step out the door , buy a custard square , go to the beach , and look at some historic maori sites all within 10km . 
  i could go the other direction and hit sports stadiums , a theatre for a local drama production , or several marae . 
  there are five or six replies in this thread saying polynesian culture is n't ignored by kiwis [ insert example of a trip to manukau or polyfest ] . 
  all these examples are auckland based , so perhaps op has a point ? 
  that said , the vast majority of pacific islanders live in auckland , so maybe that 's why . 
  i 'm not saying auckland is better than those places necessarily , but that we do have that stuff . 
  i honestly hope i am , but i 'm also quite an optimistic person so it could be too much . 
  drowning them in the wreck of a schoolhouse is balanced out by the heroism of extinguishing the fire set to consume them !, 
  or maybe he 's being realistic about the abilities of a president with a hostile house . 
  i 'm really not seeing how you equate those two things with the heinous language that 's been spouted about obama and his family . 
   democrats need to better embrace leftist ideals if they want their votes . 
  this is 100 % right . 
  absolutely perfectly worded . 
  so why the flying fuck did people who profess to be leftists not come out to vote for a man who promised to repeal the healthcare that helped the most vulnerable in america ? 
  why the fuck did people who claim to be liberals and love the socialist bernie stay home instead of coming out to stop the administration that wants to overturn * roe v. wade * ? 
  the man that wants to deport muslims ? 
  build a wall with mexico ? 
  who sexually assaults women ? 
  who talks about them like they 're chattels he owns ? 
  who is corrupt ? 
  who was by every measure imaginable , a far worse candidate than hillary clinton ? 
  ### why did n't they fight ? 
  why did they just give up ? 
  because that 's what it looks like from where i sit . 
  it looks like they abandoned everyone else . 
  that 's not liberalism . 
  that 's not the left i know . 
  the middle east has been fucked for a century or more , and obama was n't going to make it better or worse in the eight years he had . 
  the trouble over there runs far deeper than american interventionism and foreign policy , and you 're either ignorant or arrogant to think that america is responsible . 
  if isis had n't formed , something else would have once al-qaeda began to lose strength . 
  if al-qaeda had n't been depleted by american policy , then they would have continued their attacks . 
  it was never going to go well . 
  ... until you 're getting out of one . 
  good luck pulling that inwards then scrabbling around it, 
  you 're misunderstanding ( or willfully misinterpreting ) me . 
  i did n't say america ca n't do anything , i 'm saying the problems were there long before america intervened . 
  it would take longer than eight years to sort out all the issues of the middle east , and to blame obama for it not occurring , or for making it worse , is to focus on one small aspect rather than the larger picture . 
  i mean , of all the things to be shocked about , this seems quite low . 
  lbj used to whip his out . 
   yes she had stupid shit like '' it 's time to put woman in the white house . '', 
  that was n't her campaign , that 's what her critics claimed she was saying . 
  bernie 's an independent , his independent supporters could have registered like he did . 
  her campaign looked to women voters , because lo and behold , no one else fucking did . 
  bernie was out for the working man . 
  trump was out to give women 's vaginas back to the gop . 
  `` i 'm with her '' is not about hillary being a woman unless you 're fully illiterate and have the critical thought of a monkey .
