  you know you 've got polish ancestry . 
  many white americans know they have german , english , irish , or other european ancestries . 
  just because you do n't understand the worldview of another group , does n't mean it 's not valid . 
  as a kiwi , i love our cop car colours !, 
  it 's nice seeing that ticket coming at you from 200m out when your headlights catch the reflective paint . 
   i once had a guy try to sue for excessive force after he had been convicted of apo and had video of him attacking both me and my partner . 
  are you suggesting that if someone resists arrest or attacks you , then the rules go out the window and you can do whatever you like ? 
   they are as african american as my haitian friends . 
  this says you do n't . 
  good history , but be aware of his biases as you read . 
  the world 's most prestigious medical centre was the only one progressive enough to treat black patients . 
  so yes , racism , but not on the part of the clinic . 
  wait , what ? 
  the rio grande , as in the border between mexico and america which is on the other side of san antonio ? 
  how ? 
  it 's pretty easy mate !, 
  richie is beyond reproach , and above criticism !, 
  it 's never a red card if your guy did it , but it 's a two year ban if theirs did !, 
  we cheer for everyone except england !, 
  not because we dislike them , but because there 's sixty million of the blighters and they can do it themselves !, 
  welcome aboard !, 
  amazing how the ref/tmo went back for one knock on , marshall gets arrogant and starts saying they 're looking at another one , and it ends up that both are haha . 
  because they do n't like it ? 
  it 's a bit disappointing , so they give out one solid boo that lasted what , 3 seconds ? 
  then back to cheering . 
  it 's no big deal . 
  lol . 
  why would n't they ? 
  someone gif that, 
  all of it , the play , the replays , gif the lot, 
  this is terrible news . 
  hopefully the treatment is effective and he 's back to full health soon . 
  penalty advantage . 
  it 's taken from where play ends . 
  it 's kind of dicky ? 
  makes for an eerily silent stadium if there 's no sound though . 
  i think / u/mt _ xing is saying that you ca n't take ap world history , and ap us history and graduate in texas . 
  if you take ap world history and want to graduate , you also have to take the non-ap world history course , which i assume is the one that is created , and approved by , the texan school board . 
  can i ask how a left wing teacher ruined your experience of the course in high school ? 
  then the infringement must have happened at the 22 , and the lions were driven back . 
  oh , wellington is in the southern hemisphere , so they do it like this . 
   the pro12 in the host nation ( not stadium ) of the team which came top of the league irregardless of making the final, 
  winner of the pro 12 league table : leinster ( ireland ) . 
  final played at : murrayfield ( scotland ) . 
   the top 14 at stade de france, 
  final was played at camp nou in barcelona . 
  that 's not what the noble savage argument is at all . 
  jesus christ , dane coles is a beast . 
  yeah it does , but i do n't understand why you 'd organise a playoffs system that way . 
   i agree i used to similarly think , `` ok , that 's uncomfortable '' , until someone explained how forceful firehoses are . 
  a direct blast could easily break your legs . 
  just want to add that later realization in . 
  these people did n't just get cold and wet , they basically got hit with battering rams made of water that could also drown you . 
  and it was protesters . 
  these were n't rioters or anything like that . 
  they were literally just peaceful protesters , students marching against racism . 
  but it gets worse , because the police did n't just turn hoses on the protesters , they turned them on * black people who were just watching what was going on . 
  * and those spectators had children with them . 
  then the police set attack dogs on the black crowds . 
  brilliant comment . 
  a good book for an overview of the black civil rights movement is charles payne 's * time longer than rope : a century of african american activism : 1850-1950 * . 
  it 's a collection of essays covering the period and it looks at a lot of different aspects of activism , e.g. 
  marches , voter registration , and black education initiatives . 
  there 's a paragraph by an historian on exactly this concept . 
  it 's called the ` master narrative ' and it explains how the history of the civil rights movement is written in a way that makes race relations seem quite happy . 
  i 'll try find it and edit the comment . 
  no one is asking you to feel guilty . 
  no other club in the world would bench julian savea in a round robin game , let alone in the final of the competition . 
  bloody hell . 
  i completely forgot about nms !, 
  bloody hell . 
  spoiled for choice . 
  and it 's not like other franchises are lacking in wingers either . 
  shit , i forgot about that . 
  they must be kicking themselves ae . 
  at the same time . 
  legend . 
  i was looking at the highlanders and got to 2014 thinking `` yay , nice job ! '', 
  and my face fell when i did n't see them in the top 10 in 2015 before realising i did n't look high enough ha . 
  glad you could stay serious and discuss things , 
  [ france vs spain stream , presumably rest of the games too . 
  ] ( http://www.stream2watch.co/live-now/sport-stream/olympic-games/rugby-olympic-games-rio-2016-live-stream-august-06 ), 
  yeah , it 's fine . 
  just run an ad blocker to avoid ads you should n't click . 
  time to get a mixed abs team going so we can pair up the mcalister and barrett speedster dream team, 
  change to stream 2 . 
  nz vs kenya on now . 
  reload it , make sure you close all the little x 's - some can be hard to see . 
  it 's working fine on my end . 
  holy shit these ladies are fast, 
  that 's a terrible way of teaching , and i 'd put it down to a bad teacher rather than her politics . 
  i 'm a history major and my us history lecturers were die hard liberals , even for my country which is a lot further left than the us in general . 
  but they made it a really interesting topic , and did n't disparage the other side , or , if they did , it was in a manner that was fair enough , e.g. 
  nixon was a tool . 
  yeah , i may need to find a proxy to get better olympic coverage tbh . 
  jeez , the brazilians are playing a lot better than i expected from a nation i 've never heard of playing rugby . 
  reminds me of sevens in the 90s when people went 30m back before making a break and a try . 
  [ she has alopecia apparently . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/rugbyunion/article-3718830/heather-fisher-fight-anorexia-reach-brazil-rugby-sevens-star-determined-gold.html ), 
  mate , you guys might be about to dive out of another pool , do n't leave !,
