  why not just fill it with water from this idiot 's tap while she 's at the supermarket ? 
  free , portable , potable water . 
  you missed the bit where others were now ordering in te reo , meaning that this one interaction encouraged other people to use the language . 
  that 's big considering the efforts that were made to stamp it out . 
  stop being such a dickhead . 
  that 's what the arctic is , so there 's not much shame in that . 
  words are defined by the context they 're used in . 
  they absolutely hold meaning , even in the most overused examples . 
   ** assuming what he 's saying is true ** , that 's pretty damning for the lvpd . 
  sorry , but i do n't really understand this though process . 
  why would he lie ? 
  * it seems very easy to disprove . 
  * it 's a threat to his career if he 's caught lying - colin kaepernick seems unemployable because of his actions . 
  * it only flames tension if it 's untrue . 
  why do you not believe him wholeheartedly , instead of prefacing your words with `` assuming that it 's true ... '' ? 
  the anthem represents the ideals of america , that all men ( and women ) are created equal . 
  kneeling during the anthem is a protest at those ideals falling short of what is reasonably expected . 
  it 's similar to black men refusing to serve during wwii , because fighting overseas for a country that still segregated the south was inane . 
  today , why stand for an anthem that claims equality for all when it does n't seem that way to much of the black community . 
  i have many questions , but i 'll just go with one . 
  why is n't hillary deserving of respect ( regardless of how much ) ? 
  people who dedicate their lives to political service usually are . 
  has putin dedicated his life to political service ? 
  or has he used political service for his own gain ? 
  as do many other speakers who go out to share their knowledge in the corporate world . 
  i 've done a few creative writing papers at uni and we had to write up several pieces explaining the choices we 'd made in our work - why we 'd artistically chosen to do this etc. 
  i do n't know what it was called , but it might be required in visual arts too ? 
  english could help with that . 
  more directly , what 's your fifth subject going to be if now english ? 
  is it going to challenge you ? 
  you seem like you 're doing well academically , so it probably does n't matter too much anyway , but if you take something you 're uncomfortable with it could be enough to push your abilities in your final year . 
  do you have a school adviser ? 
  i remember looking at a list of subject when i was in year 9 and they had english as a required one all the way through . 
  the only people who could drop it were those who were really struggling with it and felt they would n't need it . 
  better find out if you 're able to drop it at all at your school . 
  it would n't be that she 's largely withdrawn from washington since the election and probably is n't working , would it ? 
  should ping the dude who was going to send him his before the guy ends up with two, 
   camping , passive gameplay because everyone is terrified of the omnipotent camera floating above every other player . 
  this happens in fpp even more because people ca n't see everyone else so they panic . 
  at least in tpp everyone knows you ca n't sit still so they keep moving making a more dynamic game . 
  i play tpp , i play fpp . 
  there 's more campers in one by far . 
  you 're assuming that everyone in fpp is hyper observant and able to see all around them at once to pick out the people watching them . 
  that is far from the truth . 
  people ca n't handle that , and they camp . 
  much like every other fps . 
  sorry , i did n't realise you were the voice of every single person in the pubg community . 
  it also says you should n't wear materials of two different weaves , and that women lose half their rights when they have their period . 
  but people pick and choose , as i think they should , because contextually , not all of that applies . 
  the problem arises when people say that contextually , two dudes fucking is as relevant now as it was then . 
  what i really , really , * really * hate is all the denominations coming out with their hate based on the bible when jesus had his two sacred commandments : love one and other , and love your god . 
  my catholic sunday school teacher taught us those because they covered the ten commandments , and she thought it was easier for kids to have everything covered in two , than to have some gaps in the ten . 
  it gets worse when i hear an evangelical complain about gays while claiming that catholics are heathens . 
  as someone who lives at a beach , this is fucking terrifying, 
  if i check your post history am i going to find a list of complaints about grimmz , too ? 
  i 've streamed shroud , and i 've never heard him mention his sub numbers until someone asks him where he 's at . 
  even if he did offer the information unprompted , why should n't he ? 
  he 's not bragging , he 's thanking the 25,000 people that are literally providing him with an income that allows him to do this all day . 
  i love ding 's stream , i think he might be my favourite streamer after shroud . 
  him and his team are aways real chill , even in the midst of a huge fight . 
  not american , so can someone tell me why the texas legislature wo n't be meeting until 2019 ? 
  is state politician not a full time job ? 
  dude really had a full dota game in his grooms party ay, 
  so if the governor called no special sessions , how often would the legislature meet ? 
  but keep it earthquake related , eh ? 
  i got an email the other day asking me not to send them anymore comments about my divorce . 
  it 's the most bougie rule ever and it 's fucking great . 
  how do you appease the poor people who are struggling against your property empire and wish to end your friendship ? 
  give them the promise of a handout on that square . 
  they 'll keep trying . 
  i love it . 
  oh , so they 're officially designated part time ? 
  what 's the wage like , because i do n't mind working a job where i only have to turn up once every two years , and i 'll proudly bang on about the second amendment !, 
  nvm , i can probably get away with doing not much in politics over here !, 
  sounds like a seminar series with a minimal grade attached . 
  click the crn next to the course titles . 
  it tells you what it 's about . 
  in case you do n't bother going back to check , it 's fairly common for course titles at universities to be humourous and engaging to attract students . 
  `` seafood for thought '' for example , is a course about marine resources and human use of them . 
  `` oh guys , axe has stopped feeding , this is good , he 's farming now ! '', 
  `` axe why are you buying 6 bloodthorns axe no '', 
  there are three - [ green squares . 
  yeah this is stupid . 
  if they want to test fpp out on oce , make it squads so we can queue solo or with teams . 
  this seems kind of ironic given america 's hurricane situation lol . 
  the rest of our games are working fine with no ping changes , let alone difficulties loading . 
  barrett better not come back on after halftime . 
  i 'm in new zealand , so i 'd assume all my games take the same route to aussie servers . 
  goal kicking is important . 
   what incentive do labour and national have to accept that deal ? 
  this . 
  if labour wanted a dirty deal they 'd do it with the greens and confirm a coalition partner . 
  as it is , they 're moving towards government with a green/m \u0101ori coalition . 
  hone wo n't ever go with national , and his working with labour would depend on some concessions i expect . 
  have to remember that he did n't stand for parliament until after the foreshore and seabed affair . 
  that was what spurred him to run . 
  common sense , it comes in the starter pack . 
  where 'd you get the idea that rewording the comment of the guy above you was a smart reply ? 
  ah sucks . 
  i 've been with spark/telecom for twenty years and have never had an internet issue like this .
