  poite could n't see because the english centres were in the australian line fouling people . 
  fuck off and learn the rules of the game . 
  you can not take someone out without the ball , and you sure as fuck ca n't do it with a shoulder . 
  tbh , it was pretty easy back in '03 when he put us to the sword . 
  italy 's the worst team usually . 
  i did mention scotland as the bottom team in another 6n comment . 
  one of the big problems that an ex-rugby player pointed out ( might have been john eales ? ), 
  is that england seemed to lack leadership - they were getting constant updates from the coach via the water boy . 
  that sort of thing is an error on his part . 
  but if he stays on , grooms leaders - and fixes that fucking scrum - it 'll be fine . 
  england collapsed against wales because they were n't experienced . 
  23 new world cup caps i think they said . 
  this is n't the end of the world for them . 
  such an english view to take ( i see you 're scottish ) . 
  four times runner ups to some great teams . 
  the irish are in the middle of a rugby renaissance right now . 
  the welsh are not a weak side . 
  no , it 's not encouraging that he has n't won in four years , but * he 's building a team . 
  * these players are all relatively new . 
  it takes time . 
  i dunno , i 've left provincial matches before , but this is an international and a world cup match . 
  seems like bad form to bail on that , no matter the score . 
  funnily enough , if they 'd just made proper tackles they 'd get the scrum for hooper dropping it . 
  it does n't . 
  it 's a metaphor . 
  he did n't come on for the second half . 
  * hugh laurie, 
  this is frighteningly accurate . 
  bonus points have been in the tournament since 2003 . 
  so no , they were n't introduced for england to top the pool . 
  ... and hit the ground, 
  definitely japan . 
  i was squealing through that game like a child . 
  maybe give them a few hours to get used to it . 
  [ apparently they 're just trying different things in the pools to simulate pressure . 
  ] ( http://m.nzherald.co.nz/sport/news/article.cfm?c_id=4&amp;objectid=11523459 ), 
  whether or not it 's true , i do n't know , but that team has been uncharacteristically clumsy . 
  no need for your ` no bias ' disclaimer , the wallabies have been far beyond any other team 's showing so far , purely from today 's game . 
  it was a class above their fiji and uruguay games . 
  keep your team ( minus brown and farrell - send them to some sort of counselling ) , and fire your media . 
  all of them . 
  just burn down the news offices of london . 
  start fresh there . 
   this is gon na be great to come back to after the game saturday . 
  yeah , and i think cheika knows it too . 
  in his post-match interview he was very open about seeing areas for improvement , and i think this is what he would mean . 
  the defence broke for the english try , and they only got one try in the second half - and not until the very end when the english had given up . 
  what 's nice is that this is where the all blacks do well - they go the 80 min . 
  i 'm still not happy with the idea of meeting the wallabies in the playoffs though , and i 'm wondering if england would have been a better team to play haha . 
  mike brown has temper problems which would n't help as captain . 
  a battle of cowards !, 
  hey / u/ilikechicken9, 
  read the parent comment now . 
  soooo ... counting this in points , or instances of scoring ? 
  ha , his post history is trash . 
  it 's incredibly satisfying . 
  nz v. argentina had the record attendance before that ireland v. romania game . 
  fuck knows how they got * more * people into a sold out venue . 
  look at it the other way . 
  if this had been the final round of pool games , then last week would have been a boring week . 
  it ca n't all be excitement , because there has to be some grinding against smaller nations . 
  next week we still get australia v. wales , ireland v. france , japan v. usa , samoa v. scotland . 
  and do you really think the qfs were n't picked before this tournament started ? 
  i can look at the sidebar now , and i guarantee you , everyone who looked at the pools before the cup started picked the same 6 teams for b , c , and d , and 66 % of them got a right . 
  we got lucky with the japan game , and the wales game , and the nz v. argentina game . 
  those were unusually exciting for a world cup pool stage . 
  come on , give the lad his dues . 
  ### ** laid **, 
  ah , tony ` i-kick-women-down-the-stairs ' veitch . 
  what 's this new contract system that everyone apparently has which mimics our player rest program ? 
  they mentioned it in the first 60sec . 
   reffed the scrum with the assumption that england could do no wrong it seemed . 
  england got heavily penalised in the scrum . 
   seemed to reluctant to even give a card, 
  carding players is a difficult decision , especially in what was essentially a knockout match . 
  also , remember where he was standing and that there were four players in front of him tackling each other . 
  he could n't see both tackles . 
  mate , rugby 's at home , and she 's trying to get out before the roof collapses . 
  england were getting penalised throughout mate . 
  australia got those in the first half . 
  as i said , the card , it was a tough call in a knockout game , he had to be certain . 
  and there sounded like language barriers + noise problems with the tmo . 
  the penalty try was for collapsing the scrum . 
  japan is pushing forward and making good progress directly toward the line . 
  then samoa just crumple and the whole thing goes down . 
  if they had n't done that , the speed japan was going at would have had them on the tryline in a few seconds and the back player would have dropped down for a try . 
  so it was a penalty for collapsing the scrum , and a penalty try was given because a try would have been scored if the penalty offence had n't been committed . 
  the halfback standing back is for the no . 
  8 ( back player on scrum ) to pick up the ball and pass it . 
  it gives the backs an extra player for the faceoff against the other backs . 
  the penalty there is probably for offside , because the other halfback is coming around the scrum before the ball is out , and he ca n't do that . 
  scrum ends in one of three situations :, 
  the ball has come out ( it ca n't come out where it 's put in ) . 
  the no . 
  8 has broken off the scrum and picked up the ball . 
  the scrum has gone over the try line and the back players have fallen on it for the try . 
  uh i dunno , i learned a lot about england 's rugby team from them . 
  i ca n't wait to see them play . 
  i 'm thinking maybe they sold all the tickets but some people did n't make it in . 
  nz is just fucking around at the moment , trying out new things on the minnows .
