  minor infringements are n't worth a tmo chipping in and slowing play further . 
  youtubers have been uploading every game so far within 12 hours . 
  search wales , then put on filters for most recent 24hrs + longer than 20min . 
  `` and now for the world cup final , between namibia and japan !, 
  and something quite extraordinary , * england * are playing at the rio '16 olympics in the sevens tournament !, 
  let 's cut away now for an interview with their captain ... '', 
  last time bainimarama punched the air like that , he 'd overthrown a government . 
  fuck , why 's he twitching so bad ? 
  not a single one of these lineouts has been straight . 
  is that still enforced ? 
  they finally got rid of the fountain of holy-fuck-my-nose-is-definitely-broken ? 
  so have the refs . 
  this game has gone really quickly , and i ca n't tell if it 's because i 've been up all night or if it 's because it 's been quite exciting . 
  well wales avoided the upset of the millenium there . 
  thank you . 
  silly england singing about chariots of fire . 
  everyone knows that it 's the dragons that bring the flame . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  someone put out a cool table yesterday , but it ignored reality and the likelihood of many results . 
  england will not lose to australia ** and ** get two bonus points . 
  you 're asking australia to concede four tries to england , * and still win * . 
  england does n't score tries like that in tier 1 squabbles , they kick to take the points , like everyone does in world cups , or like everyone should . 
  if there 's a game with a losing team getting two bonus points , it would be australia , with england winning on a landslide of penalties , like japan vs. rsa . 
  if england get four tries , australia really should n't getting a within 7 , because by then , england will be storming along happily . 
  so the outcomes are : winner takes bonus point for tries , loser takes bonus point for within 7 , winner and loser with no bonus points , or finally , a draw with no bonus points . 
  the highest total england will get is 12 , not 13 . 
  really ? 
  given the european treatment of pacific players , i do n't find it surprising at all . 
  it takes a special type of country to miss the playoff stages of three sports they invented in the space of a year, 
  the quote 's taken slightly out of context , but i 'll use this just to point out that woodward is a git who 's still sailing on the breeze that carried his players to a victory 12 years ago . 
  as for his comments about mike brown , fuck off . 
  the guy is paid to interact with the media as well as play , and he was rude . 
  i did like this though :, 
   `` if you had a team of mike browns , players with the same competitive dna , england would n't lose many test matches '', 
  is n't it cute that he ca n't even imagine england * never * losing test matches ? 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i said . 
  no , but he 'd be reprimanded by the rfu and probably fined . 
  i did n't mean it was an easy cup , i meant that the guy has done nothing but live off that victory for a decade . 
  the interview was a shambles . 
  brown was a dickhead , and he looked like a sore loser . 
  sure , be angry . 
  do n't fucking take it out on reporters with sarcasm and childish responses . 
  cricket 2015, 
  football 2014 which was technically june 2014 , but hey , close enough, 
  hey england, 
  is n't the point of deporting people to the colonies that you rid yourselves of the scum , not slot them into the front row ? 
  he 's not the worst player in skills , he 's pretty bad in personality . 
  he did take it out on the journos . 
  he was notably bad mannered - everyone noticed it . 
  that journo was doing his job . 
  he asked a standard question : `` what went wrong ? '', 
  everyone in the stands has an opinion , but brown was on the field . 
  everyone gets asked that , but you do n't see other players responding to a loss with condescension like he was . 
  pretty sure you guys ended up fifth in the pool and we ended up in the final . 
  thanks for coming though, 
  angry and in your face on the field is not the same as being a dick off it . 
  do you know justin marshall ? 
  all blacks halfback . 
  mouthy fucker . 
  do you know george gregan ? 
  same deal . 
  they played opposite each other for years . 
  they mouthed off , they taunted , they gave grief . 
  they were also best mates and met up after every game to have beers . 
  now you 're just picking bits out of context . 
  it probably has been a great world cup , and i never said it was n't . 
  i said itv and the media were shit , and that 's why they were getting grief . 
  and it 's true . 
  even english flairs are complaining about it . 
  you seem to be the oddball that has a problem with them getting grief . 
  i was n't saying fans singing swing low was bad , i was just using it as an example phrase of the sickening amount of england we hear from itv hosts every . 
  game . 
  `` oh hey george , this is namibia vs. tonga , but how about england 5 days and 10 games ago ? 
  what 'd you think ? '', 
  and then i pointed out that your attitude sucks . 
  because you had this whole idea of what you wanted , completely ignoring the fact that your nations is hosting 19 others , inviting the rugby world in , and then rubbing england in our face on your coverage . 
  do you see how that 's a problem ? 
  when we hosted the cup , i do n't recall commentators spending all the time during the romania-scotland game chatting about how the all blacks would be playing in 3 days time and going over their lineups . 
  but that 's all itv does . 
  and you defended it , because who cares what the visitors think . 
  and that 's why i 'm angry , and that 's why england 's copping flak on this sub . 
  the video of him being interviewed ... 
  jesus he was a fast fucker . 
  he was a dick in the interview . 
  the interview was off field . 
  he was being a dick off the field , which is what i said . 
  i never said he was always a prick , just that he was in that video . 
  `` beetroot ? 
  aw , man , that 's a helluva question . '', 
  also , the subtle slagging off of the backs !, 
  `` they get lots of offtime ay , lineouts and scrums . '', 
  what ? 
  it was brilliant . 
  nz over sa at eden park , nail biter . 
  came down to the last ball !, 
  what 's june precious ? 
  english summer ? 
  did you find another pool to flounder in ? 
  was it conducted while he was playing ? 
  it was post-game , and off field .
