  there 's a substantial difference though !, 
  they used to wear masks . 
  now they do n't give a fuck . 
  they 're unafraid , because they know they 'll be protected . 
  now tell me that trump has nothing to do with this . 
  when they 're throwing sieg heils they 're nazis . 
  if someone has a swastika flag i think they 're a nazi dude . 
  this is n't the hill to die on . 
  they 're trophies . 
  losers do n't get trophies . 
  you sure it 's not because idiots like you turn around and yell not all conservatives !, 
  nah just you and the others who defend yourselves rather than condemn the others, 
  what privilege ? 
  muslims get asked to condemn islamic terror all the time . 
  when a terror attack happens , every news channel has a right wing pundit say `` well why did n't the muslims stop it ? '', 
  or `` why did n't the community know about it ! '', 
  when a muslim commits a terrorist attack , everyone wearing a turban from here to timbuktu gets called a towelhead , terrorist , or some other variant ( despite half of them being sikhs ) , yet when a couple of nazis wear maga hats , you 're all suddenly offended that we call them trump supporters ? 
  suppose you do need that safe space , ay ? 
  he 's been in every government since 84 i think . 
  first with labour , then split to be uf and supported labour , then supported national , and will flip to labour again this time if the wind blows that way and he keeps his seat . 
  i mean , i sure hope i have n't . 
  but since they 're rocking around the block with those hats on their head , is n't it likely that they 're a common piece of clothing ? 
  ask them if they want to team up before you finish . 
  write down their name . 
  open the steam friends list at the ingame menu . 
  type their name into the search bar at the top . 
  invite them to make a squad . 
  swap steam/discord names in pre-game . 
  shit , i did n't realise people were dying at black lives matter protests . 
  maybe there is something substantially different about the kkk having a get together , and blm protesting ? 
  like racial hatred and murder . 
  not mine , all credit to the bloke on twitter !, 
  i saw it linked through facebook . 
  when did that happen ? 
  go on then , chuck up your pictures of it happening . 
  i 've never actually seen it , so i thought i 'd share . 
  about 1yr10m25d when he was with * eg * from 2011 to 2013 . 
  since then , the longest is 6mon10d with the * champions of summer 's rift * . 
  ee 's going to play all 5 roles himself . 
  calling it now . 
  he has an accent , and despite many of the best dota players being from china and sea and not speaking english , this sub loves to hate on the guy who does speak english but not as well as them . 
  so because he 's not as good as 6 other casters he deserves to be abused ? 
  can you confirm the rumour that blitz looked at the sf and it just exploded ? 
  the problem is the [ paradox ] ( https://extranewsfeed.com/tolerance-is-not-a-moral-precept-1af7007d6376 ) of [ tolerance ] ( https://medium.com/@parkermolloy/deconstructing-the-tolerance-paradox-why-conservatives-go-to-line-is-garbage-666a1bf04a65 ) . 
  not all speech is equal , and not all speech is deserving of tolerance . 
  this is contrary to the first amendment however , which says that all speech is protected . 
  it should n't be , because language is powerful , and we know that it is a truth that language is persuasive , and that allowing ideas to be spoken then allows them to enter the public discourse , and shape the public opinion . 
  it also encourages people - trump went around the country last year dropping lines like `` they 're not sending their best , they 're sending rapists and criminals '' and this opens the door for the rednecks who talk about the mexican rapists in private , to do it at the bar . 
  `` heh billy-bob , you hear trump talking ` bout them mexicans ? 
  rapists he called 'em . '', 
  it legitimises it as a topic of discussion , because someone brought it into the discourse . 
  and when it 's repeated over and over , it becomes more powerful , and draws more people in . 
  people get more confident . 
  and the problem is , that no one stops it . 
  because free speech is so important . 
  but free speech is flawed , because it assumes a level of intelligence and morality on the part of the speaker . 
  germany bans nazi memorabilia , and nazi groups are outlawed , and someone doing a nazi salute like we saw today would be arrested . 
  germany is n't a dictatorship . 
  it 's no less free than america . 
  t_d and redpill probably break half of [ reddit 's sitewide ] ( https://www.reddit.com/help/contentpolicy ) rules anyway . 
  and burn it with fire . 
  are germans fascists for banning nazi memorabilia and salutes ? 
  i did n't say or imply half the shit you said i did . 
  all i said was that trump has had an effect on people 's lives . 
  sure , you might be ok where you are . 
  but there 's a whole crowd of people who just got traumatised by a white supremacy group . 
  there 's 18 people injured from a terrorist attack , and 1 dead . 
  their families are affected . 
  all of this has happened due to trump 's election , and that 's coming from the mouth of the kkk themselves . 
  so no , i do n't think that all americans are at each other 's throats . 
  i do n't think that the kkk stand for everyone in america . 
  but i do think they stand for a lot more people than most would think . 
  as for not living there , sure , limitation . 
  but looking on it from the outside , you 've got a whole pot of fucked up brewing . 
  not to mention , you 're sitting here telling me that the ku klux klan would n't have hurt anyone if no one went to protest them . 
  as if giving them a platform is the solution . 
  hey that submitter is the same as me !, 
   this is not my video . 
  i saw it on facebook and thought i 'd share it here, 
  yeah , when ? 
  give me specifics . 
  one is more wrong . 
  mitigating factors are a blessing . 
  but you ca n't discuss it , because that requires rational thought and their ideas are inherently irrational . 
  they rely on an ideology that says non-white races are inferior to whites , but this is not the case . 
  science has proven that it is not the case . 
  like i said before , not all speech is equal , and treating it as if it is is a dangerous move . 
  they 're not afraid of the death of free speech . 
  they 're afraid that the white voices of america wo n't be the dominant ones anymore . 
  it 's not about censorship , it 's about losing the power of censorship , of being able to marginalise the voices of all the other people in america who are n't like them . 
  and if cornering them tells them that they wo n't be accepted if they put these ideas out , then yeah , it 's worth it . 
  where was the kkk for the last 50 years ? 
  were they as open as this ? 
  they need to be told they 're still not welcome . 
  yeah but all the other canadians say quebecois are weird and rude so who would know, 
  you can tell he was busy because he did n't have time for an exclamation mark, 
  honestly , this sums it up . 
  i kept looking at them during the walk after the win and i could n't figure out who was who, 
  lmao , he tweeted that it was a joke 4 hours ago . 
  you commented 32 minutes ago .
