  so your argument is that the game is unfair because when you choose to camp , the changing circle makes you unable to camp , and you get killed by another camper ... 
  again , you are treating this like game as if it 's an fps game with a static environment . 
  it 's not . 
  strategy means you prepare for the circle to change . 
  you position yourself accordingly , and are able to adapt . 
  i do n't get any unfair advantage from playing , because i find myself in these positions too . 
  i try to adapt and figure out a new game-plan to get to the next circle . 
  there was an earth spirit stun between fissure and manta, 
  it 's not a fucking imbalance you moron , it 's a part of the game and you need to account for it when you play , which you 're clearly incapable of . 
  the jakiro is annoying because it just looks like what the base model * should * have looked like . 
  the model has always been lacklustre , and instead of a rework they gave him an immortal to do the job ? 
  edit : wow , you guys sure like your low effort jakiro models , huh ? 
  i think he looked awful beforehand , but still i think he looks pretty bad post-update , especially when you compare him to other heroes who are a lot better designed . 
  but now he gets this immortal and i think it looks like the standard that should have been applied from the beginning . 
  i just think it 's a shame that some heroes got a bum deal on design , and that jak 's one item so far is about fixing that , not just adding a different style . 
  all you 've done for about 10 replies is accuse me of exploiting a game feature while not presenting anything at all . 
  since a quick scan looked like every comment was about men , so i tried to do it for famous women who do n't do franchises . 
  cate blanchett ( was in lotr and the hobbit , but i 'd argue that tolkien 's intentions were for lotr to be one book , and we all know the hobbit never happened !, 
  ) , jennifer connelly , winona ryder , emily browning , isla fisher , jessica biel . 
  then there 's the ones who do n't make the cut !, 
  ( this means people can double check easier obviously ) laura linney , kate winslet , naomi watts , alison brie , gal gadot , natalie dormer , drew barrymore , cameron diaz , lucy liu , jennifer lawrence , shailene woodley , emma watson , judi dench , natalie portman , anna kendrick , cobie smulders , rachel mcadams , sandra bullock , rosamund pike , emma stone , jessica chastain , emily blunt , amy adams , angelina jolie , meryl streep , thandie newton , helen hunt , maggie smith , julia roberts , diane keaton , julianne moore , ( this is where i started searching for black women ) , halle berry , kerry washington , viola davis ( only if suicide squad counts ) , taraji p. henson , angela bassett , gabrielle union , queen latifah , octavia spencer , rosario dawson , zoe kravitz , nicole kidman . 
  edit : does it count if they starred in a franchise as a once off , but never came back ? 
  edit 2 : so imdb 's starmeter has no/few black women in the top 250 , and google does n't show black actresses when i googled `` movie stars '' which is fucked up . 
  adding in now . 
  got a side by side ? 
  i do n't recall jakiro getting noticeably better looking , but maybe it happened during one of my breaks from playing . 
  i think the immortal makes him look substantially better , and ice path actually looks good now . 
  i 'm being logical . 
  twenty years passed between her lying to the msd and her coming forward to share her story this year . 
  she has been honest and up front this year , and there is no reason to doubt anything she is saying . 
  so a game is only a good game if it 's an esport ? 
  he was n't living at the property . 
  in fact , he was renting the property to an employee . 
  are you suggesting that i should be able to enrol to vote wherever i own a house ? 
   not much going for turei using her ex 's address, 
  everyone in this sub is saying that it was that house she was living at anyway when she lied about her flatting situation . 
  and it was a young person 's joke . 
  she voted for mcgillicuddy ffs . 
  you 've never broken the law i take it ? 
  why would that matter ? 
  it 's a detail that does n't affect the point of the story . 
  which was that despite qualifying for the benefit 20 years ago , a young solo mother still had to lie about her circumstances to receive an adequate amount of assistance . 
  that 's important : adequate . 
  she did n't profit from it . 
  she just needed enough . 
  that 's what social welfare is meant to do . 
  but it 's broken in this country , and people should n't have to choose between lying and dying . 
  why is it death ? 
  can you not out shoot someone when you know * exactly * where they are ? 
   then there 's the ones who do n't make the cut !, 
  so by your logic , you can vote in any electorate in which you own a house , even if you do n't live in it , and even if someone else lives in it . 
  what i 'm hearing is that the wealthy can choose which electorate they want to vote in by just buying property there , something which the majority of us can not do . 
   this particular young person loves to shriek hysterically every time she thinks she smells a scandal in politics . 
  her bed is made . 
  and you apparently love to pop up wherever you can to lambast a woman trying to do the best by her family . 
   no he 's saying it 's less skill based, 
  which is completely untrue , because he 's just putting one type of skill above another . 
  she did indeed , removed from the top list . 
  you can do the same thing in counterstrike , overwatch , and battlefield if you listen for footsteps . 
  how the fuck is it not a different set of skills ? 
  the onus of third player is on you to be aware of your surroundings . 
  to think about what you 're doing , how you 're playing . 
  you see a wall up ahead ? 
  then give it a wide berth . 
  people seem to think that first person is more skilled because it comes down to who can aim and react quicker in the split second caused by rushing into a room . 
  but if you play third person you 're using the terrain and the game environment to aid you , and you 're forced to * think before you rush * which is the entire point . 
  we already have a million fucking games where rushing in is the standard play , no wonder reddit 's crowd ca n't handle learning to think tactically . 
  so your complaint is that every solid object is a threat with third person view , but somehow , you 're incapable of using cover to advance your position from circle to circle ? 
  there is nowhere in the game where there is a single wall with no other object around it . 
   i do n't recall muslims are being proscuted systematically for religious reasons in arab nations or anywhere in the world . 
  so why did millions of muslims fled to europe and us ? 
  certainly not for lacking of freedom to worship . 
  i 'm going to do something really stupid and assume you 're willing to learn . 
  with that disclaimer , i suggest you go and google shia and sunni muslim , and get a sense of how those two sects interact . 
  then look up ahmadiyya muslims and have a look at that . 
  then go have a read about the kurds , and the effects of colonialism and partitioning on the middle east . 
  hope your learning is productive !, 
  they do n't seem to like it when people speak out for the rights of immigrants . 
  or gays . 
  or muslims . 
  or black communities . 
  or foreigners . 
  or jews . 
   neither types of diversity does shit to help a company . 
  really ? 
  * really ? 
  you do n't think that a company of white americans would do better selling products to japanese people if they hired some japanese people ? 
  you do n't think that a company trying to expand into america from china or italy or botswana would have greater success if they hired some americans ? 
  what about a company that sells clothing ? 
  you think they 're going to do ok if they only hire men to sell to women ? 
  or vice versa ? 
  you think a boston company that makes cars is going to do ok making tractors for some farmers in idaho if they do n't have an opinion from a rural background ? 
  diversity is a part of qualification , stop being so fucking ignorant . 
  thanks for that , i did look around and could n't find anything other than that it happened during the march patch . 
  i think he looked awful beforehand , but still i think he looks pretty bad post-update , especially when you compare him to other heroes who are a lot better designed . 
  but now he gets this immortal and i think it looks like the standard that should have been applied from the beginning . 
  i just think it 's a shame that some heroes got a bum deal on design , and that jak 's one item so far is about fixing that , not just adding a different style . 
  i 'm talking about marketing . 
  how the fuck do you think a chinese company is going to sell product to an american market if they do n't know anything about the people ? 
  i think we have different ideas of what skill is .
