  academic studies look at the root causes of these discrepancies in statistics . 
  no left wing media is arguing that academic studies should be suppressed . 
  conversely , it 's the right in america ( fox , breitbart ) and britain ( nigel farage ) that argue that universities are full of academic elitism , and call for them to be limited . 
  why not ? 
  her article was complete shite . 
  this is the opening sentence :, 
   britain has a problem with british pakistani men raping and exploiting white girls . 
  that is a stupidly broad generalisation . 
  yeah , there are some british pakistanis who engage in this , but that 's phrased in a way that it sounds like all of them do . 
  how 's this for an opening sentence to an article ? 
   reddit has a problem with ukpolitics users being racist towards indians, 
  it taints the entire sub , even if the only people being racist are one or two people who are sitting at the bottom of the thread on -200 karma . 
  it 's relatively common on askreddit nsfw threads . 
  really sorry that your discussion has been disrupted by people asking for information that may literally save their lives xx, 
  who 's jeff ? 
  i 've seen him mentioned a few times now, 
  cheers , wish i could hide the wipers going back and forth . 
  am i alone in thinking that it looks quite underwhelming ? 
  hurricanes are so huge and i always picture something quite a bit smaller like a visible spout ( tornado like i guess ), 
  absolutely . 
  there 's a [ video on the frontpage ] ( https://streamable.com/29frg ) which captures the severity of it quite well . 
  literacy rates are lower among minority groups in the united states , due to systemic disadvantages in the education system . 
  it 's not ignorant , it 's fact . 
  video has been removed !, 
  but we have squad tpp which gives the same points as squad fpp . 
  it 's perfectly normal to think `` god i wish i could kill them '' and not seriously mean taking a life . 
  it 's called hyperbole . 
  he did n't say he wanted to kill his flatmates , he just asked how to deal with it , so i misread that . 
  there was no holocaust reference in this one at all . 
  they mentioned a gulag ( russia ) , sulfuric acid ( breaking bad ) , a carbon monoxide buildup ( house of cards , classic car suicide ) , and a house fire . 
  dying by gas is n't the same as gassing someone . 
  it 's not a holocaust reference . 
  calling for the genocide of a class of people is objectively worse than saying that three tories should die . 
  the fact is , that after the tory comments were made a few weeks back , half the world probably thought the exact same thing as these idiots did , we just did n't publicise it . 
  you do n't know that they were talking about abstract people . 
  each one of those tories in the original chat might have had a specific set of people they knew who fit the chav stereotype . 
  it was obvious what he meant , but the way he said it did leave the possibility that it would be interpreted otherwise . 
  still , he did well to shut it down in the moment . 
  but somehow the word he chose was the one that degrades black people, 
   as in , prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior ? 
  yeah , that . 
  as evidenced by him using a word that was coined to describe the belief that another race was inferior . 
  uh huh . 
  why did n't he say cunt ? 
  that 's a taboo word . 
  why did n't he say fuck ? 
  why did n't he say motherfucker , twat , cocksucker , or some other word that shows frustration ? 
  why did he jump to using a racist slur ? 
  but i thought the essence of being american was being number one , or at least , pretending you were . 
  with an economy and innovation like america has , surely it 'd be easy to say `` fuck it , let 's be number one on the environment '' and beat everyone else at one more thing ? 
  so by design , those cliffs have rocks you can path your way up . 
  ever been to skycity ? 
  ever walked around the tables and actually seen who 's there and gambling ? 
  gambling addiction is n't limited to the working and poor classes . 
  and in auckland at least , skycity is in the central city , which is difficult to get to for poor people in the suburbs . 
  they 're probably more likely to be sitting on the pokies which every local pub has in a backroom . 
  uh huh . 
  so what you 're saying is it 's ok for him to just start throwing out slurs when he gets frustrated in a game ? 
  why do you get so upset over it ? 
  that 's not an excuse for it , and it 's not a standard he should be setting for children . 
  now you 're getting it !, 
  maybe he should choose words that are n't loaded with the intent to wound people, 
  we 've got it in nz and we do n't even have gators here, 
  the real question is , do you still have the killer wildlife shirt, 
  she works at the british candy store mate, 
  i think when you see someone like bolger coming down from the pulpit on neoliberalism , it 's time for some people to consider if maybe the ideology was fucked all along . 
  lot of m\u0101ori and pasifika people in northcote . 
  it 's a part of the kaipatiki local board area which has 6,600 m\u0101ori according to the last, 
  census . 
  ooh maybe we have croc meat . 
  whatever it is , we get it from aussie . 
  we do n't really do dangerous animals here . 
  yo , is this the show where there 's a young teen/kid who gets bit by an animal and dies of rabies over the course of an episode or two ? 
  only thing i ever saw of that show as a kid and it scared the fuck out of me, 
  normal people do n't start dropping slurs when they 're angry . 
  wait until you get to season 1 . 
  `` what ?? '', 
  `` how many times do i have to ask you to pull the fucking shower head down when you 're out ? '', 
  james spader and william shatner as alan shore and denny crane in * boston legal * . 
  those two managed five seasons of fantastic friendship . 
  they were in love , hated each other , laughed , mourned , fought , and they constantly made it look legitimate . 
  i do n't know what 's going on here why do they both look animated, 
  twitter does it based on how many people see your tweets by scrolling through their feed . 
  i guess reddit would be harder because it 's not ` live ' like twitter , but there might be a way . 
  i dunno if it helps , but i saw your comment and thought `` wow , $ 1200 a month is pretty good , that guy 's doing well . '', 
  i guess it 's just where you use the money . 
  or you wait to poop it out and get a 6v, 
  it 's quite common in a lot of cultures actually . 
  the most common form of it is a body lying in state , allowing people to come pay their respects . 
  you see it a lot with high profile deaths like royals and beloved politicians . 
  m\u0101ori families have a tangi , which is essentially that , but it 's held on the marae ( sort of the home of the tribe ) , and the body lies there for about three days with the family gathered round . 
  stories are shared , everyone sleeps in the meeting house together , lots of food and song . 
  then there 's the party side of it . 
  the irish have wakes , which are essentially a party following the funeral service . 
  i 've been to the home of a samoan family who had lost their grandfather the day before , and they had the garage door lifted up , and the inside decked out with flowers and decorations . 
  tables laid out with food , and the body was inside the house for goodbyes . 
  there are plenty of other cultures where a funeral is a sombre service , but is followed by the sort of thing op described . 
  i 've never known any other sort to be honest . 
  not him , but i got through season 1 and felt kind of underwhelmed . 
  i 'll probably give season 2 a go some time , but i 'm not * excited * for it .
