  we say `` no , that 's illegal and there will be repercussions . '', 
  some things do n't get a pass under free speech , because they are so abhorrent . 
  the worst part of these last few weeks has been left leaning people screaming * the free speech , defend their free speech * - and guess what ? 
  they 're always white because white supremacists do n't affect them . 
   black lives matter, 
   counsel on american , islamic relations ( cair ), 
  yeah , i 'm done with this conversation . 
  neither of those are hate groups preaching the death of an entire race . 
  so the stupid thing about my comment is that i did n't know a piece of information that * was n't * in the article , and that he only posted on twitter a day * after * my last comment on this post . 
  with that sort of logic , you could be a republican mate . 
  it does n't matter , as soon as the suv got part of the way over the line , the silver car should have been braking and slamming his horn on . 
  at that point , you 've either got to take evasive action , or you 're crashing . 
  i wonder if he was distracted by a phone or something . 
  edit : the silver cars brakes never come on . 
  bet you anything that the silver/white car was n't even watching . 
  brakes never came on . 
  one got fatally stabbed too . 
  [ marcus belby ] ( http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/marcus_belby#behind_the_scenes ) , one of the slytherin kids from the slug club in half blood prince . 
  b-rock the islamic shock obama, 
  barrack obama, 
  unfortunately a lot of pacific islanders have issues with renal failure , most notably jonah lomu . 
  we 'll probably continue to see stuff like this . 
  see / u/needfunniername 's comment . 
  i think it 's a side effect of colonisation , and , to use a term generally considered dirty on reddit , institutional racism . 
  a lot of these players grew up in new zealand , often in lower socio-economic areas . 
  this was driven by gentrification , discriminatory practices in economic and health terms ( availability of quality healthcare and jobs ) , and means that cheap foods become the standard : example is around 5 years ago , a 1.5 l bottle of coke was about $ 1.50 while milk was $ 3 . 
  diabetes has a high occurrence in these populations too . 
  if you ca n't earn enough money , you ca n't afford proper food , you ca n't stay healthy . 
   it 's really reputable and has a great * program *, 
  i misread this as pogrom and was incredibly worried for a second, 
   pizzagate was discovered sometime in june last year i believe, 
  pizzagate was ** created ** some time in june last year . 
  it 's not that it 's a substitute , but that if people go to buy something at the shops and think about getting a nice drink that 's not water , the cheap options are bad . 
  also it is fizz , because there 's been numerous studies over the past two decades that pointed to the price of fizzy drinks as a massive issue in new zealand . 
  why do you think there were calls for a sugar tax ? 
  it 's not because mps are boring buzzkills , it 's because it 's a serious health issue . 
  the blue coloured words at the top of the page are actually a link you can click . 
  when you click , it will take you to the radio nz website where there 's an article you can read about the incident in question . 
  the very first part of the article is this :, 
   the woman faces charges of assault , assault with a weapon and offensive language . 
  racial abuse is usually considered * offensive language * , so yes , racial abuse is one of the reasons she was arrested . 
  bloody hell mate , any other hot takes you 'd like to share ? 
  i do n't get this comment , are you mocking her lol, 
  poverty disproportionately affects pacific island and m\u0101ori families in new zealand . 
  that 's due to institutional racism . 
  you know it was like just the right amount of mental that it could have been true ? 
  yes , but the only way they 've been able to do that is by suppressing the ability of m\u0101ori to produce wealth . 
  the biggest wealth production in new zealand is probably through dairy , right ? 
  most of that land was confiscated from m\u0101ori - illegally - over the last 160 years or so . 
  in the 1850s , the argument was that m\u0101ori were ` wasting ' the land by not using it for farming , and refusing to sell it to europeans . 
  settlers at the time complained incessantly about m\u0101ori protectionism of their land and wanted the government to do something about it . 
  m\u0101ori on the other hand had their own solution : they would lease as much of their land as anyone could pay for to europeans , to farm , and build on . 
  europeans said no . 
  they did n't want to be renters . 
  ironic , huh ? 
  during the wars , m\u0101ori land was confiscated ( i think the first instance was in taranaki ) and the government defended this as punishment for rebellion against the crown . 
  here 's the catch though : m\u0101ori were legally subjects of the crown , with all the same legal rights as european settlers thanks to the treaty . 
  which meant ( and this was pointed out at the time by some people ) , that m\u0101ori could not have their land confiscated for an accusation of rebellion , because they had a right to due process in the court system . 
  that 's just the land situation in the 1850s/60s . 
  there 's also the rest of it that comes in with discrimination in jobs , where m\u0101ori do n't have adequate access to education at all levels , meaning they start from behind p\u0101keh\u0101 economically . 
  inequality is a bitch . 
  lol , good for you . 
  i guess m\u0101ori are just lazy ae ? 
  or are p\u0101keh\u0101 super smart business people ? 
  i do n't think you 're giving them enough credit . 
  take kushner and ivanka for example . 
  they apparently stepped in to persuade him to not pass the anti-lgbt measure , which show some level of conscience . 
  i think they 're perfectly happy to have dad at the white house so they can make money from the new connections they 'll get . 
  but they 'd much prefer he acted like pence , and was professional , because then it does n't draw attention , or backlash . 
  i 'm also guessing that as young people from new york , they understand exactly why there is backlash , hence their intervention over the lgbt xo . 
  edit : this is n't a defence . 
  they 're in it for money . 
  nothing more . 
  but they 're smarter than this guy was implying . 
  i 've wanted to travel to the us for awhile , but honestly , the thought of having my fingerprints taken just to come in put me off . 
  now i 'm just thinking the fingerprinting was n't so bad . 
  wait never mind , it was , but this is stupid . 
  amazing . 
  it 's as if trump found a dead eyed high school shooter who chose drama instead of his master plan and then gave him a wee bit of power and a licence to say whatever he liked on telly . 
  watch the video when piers starts to butt in . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  piers : bill , bill , - bill there is no muslim ban !, 
  * deadpan *, 
  if he was n't serious , it would have been great comedy . 
   and benefit is not designed to run your car , or your pets , ** it 's designed to give you just enough money to live . 
  what sort of asinine idiocy is this ? 
  the benefit is n't `` hey you get to live '' it 's `` hey , let 's get you on your feet and able to be self sufficient '' which means that yes , it is meant to help with a car . 
  a car lets someone get to a job or an interview , it allows them to drop the kids at school , it helps to give them independence which is important for getting off the dole . 
  if you give someone just enough money to live , how the fuck do you think they 're meant to get off the social welfare net ? 
  yeah this was back when it was new and i was shocked that someone would do that without you having committed a crime . 
  your entire post was a paragraph of ripping into the other commenter with mean spirited sarcasm and mockery and you come off as a bene-basher . 
  if that was n't your intention , you need to reassess how you communicate . 
  other contributing factor : people moving to the us are trying to get to a better life . 
  you do n't move to somewhere you think life is going to be worse . 
  therefore they have a strong desire to make it work in the new country . 
  that 's actually probably to do with sexism and racism . 
  ever notice that black people are asked to apologise for being uppity or abrasive ? 
  women are asked to apologise for being heated or to cam down ? 
  it 's not that feminists and blm activists have no tact , it 's that the people who are uncomfortable with their message find innocuous ways to discredit their movements . 
  `` oh that 's just becky , probably on her period !,
