  that 's exactly what it is though . 
  why loot military when you can land mainland and loot the houses near the bridge , then take all the military loot from anyone who comes over ? 
  it also makes your retreat to the circle safer if you kill everyone who could be behind you because they 're forced through a choke point . 
  firefly . 
  free parking = free money, 
  i 've played with randos on words with friends who i swear are using a scrabble word maker off google or something . 
  not because i 'm a bad loser , but because janice , 45 , from alabama , just got eight 7 letter words in a row . 
  i still do this . 
  not everyone answers a cellphone - some people leave them sitting around the house , mine is permanently on silent . 
  * player goes to bathroom *, 
  `` oi , i 'll give you the fourth railway for your yellow and red ? 
  i only have 1 of each , so you 're good . '', 
  `` yeah , alright . '', 
  * you go to bathroom . 
  meet other player on way back . 
  `` hey , complete your blue set for your red and yellow ? 
  i only have 1 of each . '', 
  `` sure thing ! '', 
  if the circle is decently far north of the bridge then the circle is going to close in real quick on military , so most people will be sticking around as long as possible for max loot and grabbing a car . 
  they do n't want to risk not finding a boat and spending excessive time in the circle . 
  randos = randoms = not people i know . 
  so yeah , that 's pretty much everyone lol, 
  ... and it 's why people use the bridge , which is what you seemed to be disputing ? 
  [ video for anyone interested . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg5nvkpjfke ), 
  house rules rule, 
  if no one goes bankrupt then you 'll never ruin a friendship !, 
  win win !, 
  * `` thank you for calling cigna today . 
  we 're sorry , but it appears that lacking in empathy and being a shit-eating douchenozzle are pre-existing conditions . 
  as such , we will not be able to help you with your recent heart trouble . 
  but i live in new zealand and i did n't even know we had cage diving :(, 
  some people can never be pleased . 
  what would you change ? 
  i 'm at 300 and i 'm liking it . 
  every time i 've ever turned on a dota 2 comp stream and tabbed out while it loads , i 've heard nahaz in the first 5 seconds . 
  the guy will not give others a chance to finish their thoughts , and he acts like he 's consistently the smartest person in the room - which he may well be - but i think the transition from a university where he was teaching people who ( hopefully ) looked up to him , to dota , where he 's an equal , has been a hard adjustment . 
   put your head down and work hard, 
  it 's like the most generic way of saying that someone does n't know how to keep their mouth shut and do work . 
  did you never have a kid in class who got told that repeatedly ? 
  the most underrated part of this clip is grant trying to say something , shutting up for 20 seconds , then quietly muttering * `` i 'm good '' * at the end, 
  exactly , nahaz is that kid . 
  he pipes up when he does n't need to , but if he just kept his head down , and did the work , he 'd be fine . 
  when i first watched it i thought it was tactless , but now that i 've thought about it it was pretty deserved at that point . 
  nahaz is sitting on a stream with 3 ? 
  people who are going to be at ti , and he 's complaining about valve . 
  exaggeratedly loud sighs , `` valve does n't like me '' , like come on dude , really ? 
  the company who makes the game that you 're currently on a high profile stream whinging about does n't like you ? 
  why is that ? 
  there 's a reason that one guy in the game who complains about no wards , everyone feeding , gg at 10min is the one people report , and not the out of position support that 's gone 0-20 . 
  he ** does ** need to keep his head down . 
  but he had it a mile high right fucking there, 
  but in the context of what was happening , it was n't rude . 
  he was just hinting to him , hey keep your head down . 
  and nahaz reacted , and then it got rude , but by that point i think it 's ok . 
  tbh , i found it all hilarious , and i coud n't care less . 
  the guy acts like a child . 
  ya , i 'm not paying . 
  i had money in paypal from doing surveys and stuff so i used that , but since 250 i 've been using it for the collector 's caches instead . 
  no point throwing money after the immortal chests . 
  they were worse . 
  they had badges . 
  the focus of the expression is on `` keep your head down '' , as in , stay the fuck out of trouble and stop drawing attention to yourself for irrelevant things . 
  ** like twitter essays about how shit valve is . 
  please do . 
  does he do it in extraordinarily long and petty twitter rants when they do n't invite him somewhere ? 
  or does he do it when they do something bad like fuck up a tournament they 're hosting , or roll out an error ridden patch ? 
  because nahaz 's bitching was all personal . 
  it was because he did n't get invited , then it was because they did n't like him . 
  and fine , i get that . 
  i really do . 
  i 'm that guy sometimes . 
  but you know where i 'm not going to have a spiel ? 
  in a public stream being watched by thousands of fans and with three other people who are very closely involved with valve . 
  did you see how uncomfortable charlie looked for the first part of the video ? 
  he literally zoned out because `` oh fuck , here goes nahaz . '', 
  there 's a reason people say not to bitch out your former employers and burn those bridges . 
  nahaz is n't even being careful where he drops the match . 
  god i wish battlefield gave you all the maps for free then made you pay money to get different costumes . 
  it 's the one gripe i have with that series . 
  pretty sure americans are n't funding saudis who are allies with isis . 
  americans fund the saudis in power , other saudis are allied with isis . 
  if americans do n't help the ones in power , the others get power , and isis has a country 's government with it . 
  or he could point his hammer at the clerk 's head and get the bloody key, 
  first sentence . 
   but in the context of what was happening , it was n't rude . 
  second sentence . 
   he was just hinting to him , hey keep your head down . 
  i did n't want to say this but i reckon you 're spot on mate, 
  i do n't know that they would be paying higher tuition because a lot of them could be eu citizens , where there 'd be some sort of agreement . 
  i think the bigger problem would be dividing foreign exchange students ( those who are only there for a semester ) from foreign students who are doing their entire degree there . 
  in my experience , exchange students are more interested in touring the country and having a good time for 4 months than they are in studying . 
  you 're not in america anymore , hillary . 
  in alcohol store , russia drinks you, 
  olives are the gift of the gods mate . 
  have them with some chunks of feta , some of those cream cheese stuffed capsicums , little strip of sundried tomato . 
  i think that point about `` he has two hours of fun a day , and i 'm ruining an hour of that '' shows why dota ( and similar games ) has a pretty fucked game design too . 
  if someone is playing , and starts fucking up your game , you ca n't leave without being punished - abandon , low pri , etc. 
  but you ca n't do that in unranked either , and it fucking suuucks . 
  whereas in other multiplayer games , you can generally quit out without being punished .
