  yes , they should be banned from a sport one of them no longer plays , and from which the other is about to retire . 
  it 's a ten year old incident , it should n't have happened , and they should have been banned . 
  but there 's no fucking way it 's relevant to today . 
  do you have a link to the tackle , or know the time it occurred in the game ? 
  also , you ca n't just ban one guy for it . 
  they both had a part , they both could have acted to stop it . 
  they did n't even try to clear him out properly , they went straight for the legs and lifted . 
  no twist , no push , no pull sideways - just straight up . 
  bosch 's looked nothing like that from memory . 
  his was a tackle , with momentum and speed contributing to the tip , and he did n't dump the player like those two did . 
  i read the story . 
  great insult . 
  how about you try being a real person and show me the article you mean , and the sentence you 're pointing out that is n't the english media being assholes ? 
  all i said was that there was a difference and you 've just jumped straight to being a fuckwit . 
  ford 's lifted him by the shoulder and the leg , and he 's gone to drive down onto him as well when he hits ground . 
  that 's the dangerous bit . 
  gray only lifted one leg , ford lifted one too . 
  if we can get passports for the uk off of our grandparents , why not play rugby through them ? 
  nah mate , banter is good natured fun , regardless of who the focus is on . 
  but putting down people/players/teams is n't a good time . 
  `` namibia and england are shitty wastes of space . '', 
  - not banter, 
  `` england gave namibia a run for their money ! '', 
  - quality banter , because it does n't insult either team , but makes a joke about england 's performance relative to a team that always puts in a huge effort . 
  yeah because winning a game gives you points , and losing takes away a proportion of points rather than a hard figure . 
  so higher points = higher proportion . 
  if you 're from the southern hemisphere , please desist all sledging immediately . 
  it 's not fair to take all the attention away from the lads on their last weekend, 
  the most australian response possible . 
  what makes you think he did n't write it/type it himself ? 
  weird that the english and the irish have banned them . 
  they 're not generally known for eye gouging . 
  * rubs hands * looks like the french are ripe for a few yellow cards !, 
  i learned by reading the northern hemisphere newspapers sports sections, 
  that 's why i have no positive emotions in my vocabulary, 
  change ` that ' to ` your ' maybe . 
  flowed smoother in my head . 
  either way , good job . 
  really ? 
  you 're going with this as the more desirable option ? 
  we 're kiwis , we 're worried about every game post-pools . 
  i think we 'll be ok , but the french have a habit of upstaging , and there is n't a second chance . 
  we ca n't lose this game like sydney and retain the cup with the second leg a few weeks later . 
  really , it 's the anticipation that 's killing me though . 
  once the game is done , i 'll be fine - whatever the outcome . 
  wellington v. otago *, 
  big day ahead !, 
  should be good . 
  i might try go catch some of these . 
  sam ? 
  that you sam ? 
  fans maybe , not the players . 
  the players give interviews , they 're polite . 
  i would n't say the fans are insufferable winners either , but i do n't know what your particular definition is of that , so i ca n't be certain . 
  they just got fined , that 's the punishment . 
  well those were some well founded fears . 
  and he was competing with muliana and leon macdonald for a starting position . 
  like nick evans , just a terrible roll of the dice . 
  sorry , i meant it was terrible luck for evans and ben blair , not that it was a terrible choice by the all blacks to chance with them . 
  / u/cape7 said what i meant : he was a first five at the same time as carter , and was two years older than him which made it even more unlikely he would surpass dc . 
  ... i never said he was n't . 
  england was entertaining though . 
  they played well-ish in 3 games . 
  even the australian game had good bits . 
  i love how he shifted from using ` we ' and ` our ' to ` i ' and ` my ' . 
  you can really see the love he has for the job , and the personal pride in the pitch . 
  wales gave away no penalties in the period 20:00 to 24:59 . 
  ( but seriously , what 's with their ill discipline ? 
  panic ? ), 
  on the other hand , wayne 's learned about forward passes !, 
  they gave one away at 25:05  except it was in the wrong half . 
  thanks . 
  i was asking what was different from their last games . 
  the reason for their badness today at the breakdown, 
  man , it 's like wales have a little map of the left side of their 22 , and every time the ball arrives there they have to infringe . 
  that welsh team had it if not for the constant infringing . 
  do n't think full strength would help much . 
  nah , they 've triangled all through the tournament . 
  yeah , he 's the one everyone copies . 
  is that why they booed owens when he penalised france after the turnover ? 
  big call : retallick for man of the match ? 
  if retallick plays like this for 80 !, 
  is parra bleeding out of his ear ? 
  nonu hands and skudding feet, 
  i fucking said crockett was a liability the other day and some idiot on here tried to tell me he got better . 
  now he infringes at their goal posts, 
  and fucking rattue and the rest wanted him gone !, 
  the same place as the people who said that nz was full of old players who should n't be there . 
  not a punch , but unneeded contact with the face . 
  plus they just lost 50m and/or a potential 3pts, 
  execution in the tower of london, 
  the irish are out in force in cardiff haha, 
  how ? 
  they got that with georgia the other week !, 
  they were trying out combinations and play styles in the pools . 
  it was n't case of not trying . 
  go find where i said that . 
  all i ever said was that it was shitty to do it during the haka . 
  i 'm a fan of swing low , and i 've said so multiple times . 
  but keep on trolling my comments , life must be grand .
