  is this another instance of the celery cap being breached ? 
  literally just popped into my head , and i thought `` this is quality content '' . 
  unlike what i 'm watching, 
  that fella 's got a tampon up his schnozz, 
  that pad split the titans defenders like an iceberg . 
  til insurance in america screws you . 
  my full coverage for a 2006 mazda 6 in nz is $ 62/mo which is $ 42 usd . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.bachelorette.com/bp4448.html ), 
  holy fuck, 
  this is a very boring game after the celtics/hawks ending . 
  hawks were up by ~ 18 in game 1 at half time . 
  no biggie . 
  by a point and a handful of mistakes at the end . 
  it 's a four quarter game , and if you sprint the first two , you 'll be tired for the last . 
  yeah , it 's a shitty start , but it 's not a death knell for game two . 
  i bet on the celtics last game at half time , odds were 12:1 . 
  by 2 minutes to go they were even . 
  i 'm just saying that basketball is very prone to sudden score shifts , and we have proof of that in the last game . 
  17 point deficit at halftime game 1 . 
  15 point deficit at halftime game 2 . 
  precisely !, 
  anyone got a gif of that red card ? 
  i was in the car and only had it on the radio . 
  edit : [ here 's a video !, 
  it 's fuckin ' nasty . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x468bg7_jason-emery-s-crazy-air-tackle-on-willie-le-roux_sport ), 
  guys it 's ok to dump kiwis , but not saffas, 
   there 's something about taking your vacation form to the secretary for your honeymoon and saying ` do my parents sign this or my husband ? ', 
  and having her fall out of her chair laughing that never leaves you . 
  this is a beautiful image . 
  sopoaga can do both and does n't take up ben smith 's fullback spot . 
  ever tried to stop running at full pace ? 
  kinda hard . 
  i think he tried to pull out mid jump and it went badly . 
  the new item is the reason for the nerf . 
  it has unrestricted range attacks , which means she 'll wreck as soon as she forces someone and attacks . 
  are miami meant to be getting balls in the hoop ? 
  this and the hurricane pike completely make up for enchantress ' nerfs . 
  inevitable does n't mean necessary . 
  my first thought on reading the patch notes was skadi + satanic + bloodthorn viper . 
  enough mana to keep his poison toggled on , crits and true strike , and a stupid amount of slow . 
  they do stack . 
  skadi got changed a few patches back to stack with life steal mods on melee heroes , and it always stacked on ranged . 
  what was your item order ? 
  i went with orchid and bloodthorn and lost . 
  probably should have stuck to the satanic/skadi combo . 
  i asked my tutors this question when i was in my final year of undergrad . 
  their response was pretty much universal : pick a topic you enjoyed studying . 
  one in particular said , `` think back on the papers you 've done , and which ones you got good marks in and enjoyed the most . '', 
  for me , that was a paper on the long civil rights movement , which transformed into my honours dissertation . 
  the reason for choosing something that you enjoy is that you 're committing yourself to this topic for a period of time . 
  at honours and masters level , it 's usually a one year committment to researching a large project on one topic . 
  you need to be interested so that you can maintain a will to work . 
  for a phd , it 's 3 or more years , and it 's even more important that you maintain the passion . 
  i 'd say that for a phd , you 'll have an easier time choosing after you 've completed up to ma level , but i could be wrong . 
  if the celtics ( miraculously ) won this in the 4th , best playoff game so far ? 
  only ~ ~ 11 ~ ~ 12 3 pointers away :'), 
  your enchantress build has hurricane pike & force staff in the ` extension ' section - do n't know if that might be a bit confusing for some . 
  also , i was wondering why assault cuirass has been removed from a few builds ? 
  the same with heart on dp and aghs on zeus ? 
  aghs rush on zeus was the first thing i learned to do in dota , and one of my favourite builds , so this is very saddening to hear . 
  appreciate the explanation though !, 
  [ squares then rounds !, 
  ] ( http://images.mentalfloss.com/sites/default/files/styles/article_640x430/public/ahh.png ), 
  i always played him as a mid carry , and it scaled well to late game when he snowballed into a six slotted hero who could take out over half a team while the rest of your team took rax . 
  i guess that 's changed now with his damage going down a bit though . 
  why would bloodstone be superior when you 're snowballing against squishies when you could have aghs/refresher/blink and take out their entire team in less than 10 seconds ? 
  if obama has struggled through eight years to get healthcare working , what makes you think that there 's some magic way for bernie to get in and just magically change something like this straight away ? 
  i do n't ask this to be rude or insulting , i 'm genuinely curious what you think the answer is . 
  this seems to be a prevailing train of thought on this sub , and i do n't see it working out well if sanders is suddenly president and unable to push through policy as fast as people think he ought to be . 
  as we saw last year though , barrett is n't as calm when he 's trying to lead the team . 
  cruden and sopoaga should be the starting options with beauden as cover . 
  this is exactly why judging muslims on the basis of isis ' behaviour is so stupid . 
  do you not have public fields you can turn up to and play on ? 
  with bbq facilities ? 
  that way everyone could byo drinks and food , and the only cost would be the kit which could be organised beforehand . 
  poor bugger , you should have waited for the provincial comp . 
  separate to my general dislike for the team , i hate how the blues can never seem to * hold onto * a lead . 
  they put on points and then give them up just as fast . 
  how about that kick ? 
  anyone got one of those dental mirrors ? 
  got to jimmy my heart out of my throat . 
  that article is atrociously written , terribly thought out , and completely wrong . 
  ignoring grammatical and spelling errors , the article is presenting an argument based on misrepresentation of statistics and facts . 
  i did n't bother reading the whole lot because it 's such tripe , but here are a few things i did notice and i 'll point out :, 
  * this ~ ~ article ~ ~ racist blog post says that the government wants 50 % or more of sports teams to be black . 
  the post goes on to say that this is racist , because it means there are less starting positions for whites . 
  * this is factually wrong . 
  * the population of south africa at the 2011 census was 76.4 % black , 9.1 % white , and 8.9 % coloured , with the remainder in other groups . 
  by these numbers , a fair representation of the south african population in their national starting xv would be approximately 11 black players , and 2 each of white and coloured players . 
  with this ratio , you 're fucked before you leave the front row if both the du plessis brothers are playing . 
  asking for the national teams to have a minimum of 50 % black players sure as fuck is n't racist , nor is it marginalising white players who come from a pool of 10 % of the total population , but make up more than three quarters of the team . 
  [ here 's a nice article with a pretty picture ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/29/south-africa-racial-quotas-sport-rugby-springboks-cricket ) that shows 8/36 players are black or coloured ( and that 's a liberal estimate where i counted vaguely tanned people too ) . 
  putting black players into national teams shows that it can be achieved by schoolkids . 
  you know what does n't ? 
  screaming racist because the privileged few feel they 're having their career trajectories slightly curtailed . 
  * the second thing i wished to point out is the quote of nelson mandela 's :, 
   if the anc do to you what the apartheid government did to us , do to the anc what we did to the apartheid government ? 
  asking teams to be representative of a population is nowhere near what apartheid governments did to black and coloured south africans .
