  then, 
   they colonised india . 
  then, 
   no the british colonialised india . 
  glad we agree . 
  free for me . 
  * because the government subsidises it . 
  does it take a lot of effort to deny that actions have consequences and that nothing occurs in a vacuum ? 
  [ i know :( ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/6m1jnp/taxation_is_theft/djz1mc9/ ), 
  but, 
   china fucked itself, 
  is completely different to india being fucked by the british . 
  true . 
  free healthcare . 
  the money comes from taxes obviously . 
  i 'm confused , do you think you 've got me in a corner here ? 
  i 'm * advocating * taxes . 
  a monopoly run by a corporation is completely different to a monopoly run by a government . 
  a good government is n't seeking to profit , it 's seeking to help the people . 
  this is the biggest display of pedantry i 've seen in awhile . 
  why are you so adamant that this did n't happen, 
  when you 're the president , the best example of the good things you do should n't be picking up a fallen hat . 
  eh , i found that one more confusing because it was constantly moving , whereas op 's one stops at each stage and let me piece it together . 
  non-practicing !, 
  baptised and did my sacraments , but do n't practice . 
  edit : lapsed is the word i was looking for, 
  but also so depressing when you 're through a few panels . 
  final question : is the rotating part the bit measured by rpm on the dash ? 
  fucked if i know mate, 
  i know all of these words individually , and not many of them together :(, 
  i guess i 'm a professional catholic now !, 
  you seem a little cynical . 
  i 'm in nz . 
  we 're on your list . 
  your list is for elective surgeries which makes it immaterial . 
  i did n't ignore your wait times question , i just did n't know the answer . 
  i know that if something serious happens to me i can go to the hospital and be taken care of for free and immediaetly . 
  there is competition because we have private hospitals as well as a public healthcare system , which means doctors and nurses ( less so nurses because they can work in a lot of different specialties ) have plenty of opportunities . 
  as i said , government monopolies differ from corporate monopolies . 
  a well managed government monopoly is geared towards the best possible experience for its citizens . 
  so even if government healthcare was monopolised ( which it is n't because of the private options ) would still work because the citizens pay taxes which fund the health system . 
  the government does n't need to operate at a loss , because taxes pay for it . 
  if you 're curious , the [ top 10 countries ranked by quality of life all have mandatory health insurance or government healthcare . 
  ] ( https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2016/07/these-countries-have-the-highest-quality-of-life ), 
  oh , and switzerland which requires everyone to purchase health insurance ( and forbids insurance companies from denying cover to people regardless of medical condition ) also bans their insurance companies from profiting off basic insurance plans . 
  is it illegal anywhere ? 
  ok so i do n't think taxation is theft , but yes , capitalism is theft . 
  we seem to have a lot of theft around here, 
  judging by the 6k upvotes and my inbox , i think they really liked it, 
  but then i wo n't get my karma, 
  nah , i do n't care about that . 
  i think that it 's still an important part of my family identity , and my history . 
  a cultural catholic if you will . 
  i wonder if he 's also hiring prosecutors because he has information that he needs them to sift through and say `` yes , we can use this to bring charges , but that over there , that wo n't stick . '', 
  because he is bringing in very specialised people is n't he ? 
  yo what 's 1 & 2 ? 
  probably be a bit overwhelming because you 've got the protein of the black beans already . 
  also the texture of blended chicken sounds awful . 
  what you could do is swap out the vege stock for chicken stock , and that would give a bit of flavour to the rest of the ingredients when they 're soaking . 
   the world wars are frequently identified as definining moments in the new zealand 's history . 
  the anzac identity became more important than being british . 
  this is a contentious topic , but generally it 's considered to be a bit of a myth built around the history of anzac rather than an actual formation of identity . 
  problem is that the anzacs were wwi but new zealand was still very much linked to the british until later ( nz troops fighting in europe during wwii , but not returning to the pacific when japan entered the war , even though australian troops did ) . 
  when the fears of japanese invasion were rising , british forces did n't come to nz , but the americans did . 
  this was arguably more of a schism from britian and the commonwealth than the anzac efforts of wwi . 
  you can search their pubg name in the ` search nickname ' box on the main menu steam friends feature . 
  then you can invite them to a party , and play again . 
  ask them for their steam details there and you 're sorted . 
  it 's the all star match , so it 's just shens, 
  stop trying to join while it 's fucked or else you 'll get low prio . 
  depends . 
  if they 're cupping the pos1 player 's balls and telling pos2 and 3 to be nice while pos1 calls everyone a fuckwit , then yeah , this is really fucking annoying . 
  it 's only been a problem the last few days as i pointed out . 
  prior to that i 've had good squad mates with only one exception . 
  that 's in 200 + squad games . 
  yeah but it 's way funnier seeing the bold italics, 
  it varies person to person . 
  my anxiety looks nothing like the user above you , but that could be the degree of stress , the manifestation , the things we get stressed about . 
  i would n't get anxious over a train being too hot , but it might trigger anxiety about something else by making me too hot and then my mind jumps to something . 
  everyone has a different experience . 
  you 're going to be amazed , but i actually understand how pre-made squads work , and how people communicate in games . 
  my problem is people in three man squads joining up and getting a fourth player who they neglect . 
  so my suggestion is to fix this in some way . 
  maybe solo queuers in squad matches get put with other solos . 
  three man squads do n't get to match with people . 
  i 've got several great squads i 've matched with over this time , and i 've added them and we play together . 
  but they 're not always available , so i use the function that is included in the game . 
  my argument is that people who are n't going to use it properly ( are too lazy to untick the box and just treat the fourth person as an npc who 's on their side ) should n't be able to match with others . 
  that might be a bit too much , even for the lawless mods here . 
  personally , i do n't think so . 
  it 's a lot less serious obviously , and it 's funny because people are way looser with their play . 
  but people here are complaining about being put in 24hr queues or low priority , when the solution is to stop fucking trying to queue . 
  it 's like trying to open a door when you know the handle is going to burn you . 
  yes , it is . 
  i can only speak for new zealand , but i assume it 's quite similar to the others . 
  for the most part , people referred to britain as home , and thought of themselves as british still . 
  many of them wanted to make money in the colonies and return home to become upper class . 
  this continued throughout the 19th century . 
  interestingly , this was n't restricted to people who migrated as adults , but those who 'd come out as children too . 
  generally , britain was still the centre of the world , because the colonies were on the outskirts , and were viewed as being more wild and less civilised .
