   traditionally , relationships between the races in the south were oppressive . 
  in 1954 , the supreme court decided this was wrong . 
  inspired by the court , courageous americans , black and white , took protest to the street , in form of sit-ins , bus boycotts , and freedom rides . 
  the protest movement , led by the brilliant and eloquent dr. martin luther king , aided by a sympathetic, 
  federal government , most notably the kennedy brothers and a born-again lyndon johnson , was able to make america understand racial discrimination as a moral issue . 
  once americans understood that discrimination was wrong , they quickly moved to remove racial prejudice and discrimination from american life , as evidenced by the civil rights acts 1964 and 1965 . 
  dr. king was tragically slain in 1968 . 
  fortunately , by that time the country had been changed , changed for the better in some fundamental ways . 
  the movement was a remarkable victory for all americans . 
  by the 1970s , southern states where blacks could not have voted ten years earlier were sending african americans to congress . 
  inexplicably , just as the civil rights victories were piling up , many african americans , under the banner of black power , turned their backs on american society . 
  this is the way the story is most commonly told . 
  it has dr. king as the leader of the movement , and the kennedy brothers and lyndon johnson as the liberal leaders that helped him along . 
  it 's quite comprehensive really , and it is the story of the movement . 
  but it 's a simplified story . 
  it 's a romanticised perspective , and it omits massive chunks of african american activism from the historical story . 
  one of the major problems with the crm is locating its beginning and end points . 
  the ` classic ' crm , the one described above , starts with brown v. board of education ( 1954 ) , and finishes with the black nationalist movements of the late sixties and early seventies . 
  it limits the story of african american activism to a period that is about twenty years long , when the black population had been actively in pursuit of equality for much , much longer . 
  it is in effect , a `` streamlined , homogenised version of the movement '' which focuses on men at the top , and ignored everyone else like the women who organised through, 
  so , this begs the question , what was the civil rights movement really ? 
  the short crm ( as i shall refer to the twenty year period encapsulated by the narrative above ) , was but a part of a much longer movement that had begun decades before , and continues through to the present day with issues such as police brutality and disenfranchisement . 
  the difficulty is in pinpointing a starting point . 
  charles payne 's book starts with 1850 , suggesting that could be a good period . 
  emancipation and reconstruction in the south could also serve . 
  either way , the beginning of african american activism in the united states started long before the supreme court decision of ' 54 . 
  the longer crm was n't one cohesive organisation , with a leader at the top that ran everything . 
  the movement was a grassroots one , which was only made possible by the people at the bottom who worked within communities to elicit change . 
  in arkansas and mississippi in 1919 , black tenant farmers set up a campaign to get better compensation for their crops from white plantation owners . 
  septima clark , the daughter of two freed slaves , was a key figure in the movement , but is not recognised by the narrative . 
  she helped to establish a chain of schools across the south that educated adult african americans in a period where they were denied access to education . 
  the citizenship schools that she helped run taught these people how to read and write , allowing them to pass the literacy tests instituted at southern polls by state governments to prevent african american voting . 
  by 1969 , just over a decade after they began , 700,000 new voters able to register , having gone through the education system set up by clark . 
  there are many other examples of grassroots activism in america prior to the short crm . 
  in florida in 1919 and 1920 , there was a voter registration drive by black floridians that was organised through `` african american secret societies , women 's clubs , unions , churches , and other institutions that bolstered black dignity and thrived outside of jim crow . '', 
  these sorts of groups were able to form a black identity , and a wide social movement that worked to empower the african american population . 
  without this sort of early grassroots organising , the short crm and dr. king could never have succeeded . 
  this was the foundation of everything they achieved . 
  there is no doubt that dr. king was an enormously charismatic man , an eloquent speaker , and a brilliant organiser . 
  but within the context of the long crm , he is just the most public image of activism . 
  when we look at the long movement , it 's easy to see the work that went in before king 's appearance on the scene - getting african americans to vote , and to organise . 
  like ella baker says , the movement made him more than he made it . 
  king was able to do what he did because of those who came before him , while activism was already in play decades before . 
  overall , dr. king made an enormous contribution , and for that he should be remembered and honoured . 
  but to keep to the narrative that is so commonly espoused by the education system , media , and other sources , is to diminish the achievements of thousands of others who worked tirelessly out of the public eye to make the crm possible . 
  it ignores the efforts of women , students , and others , while smoothing over the racial tension that existed between black and white activists ( `` inspired by the court , courageous americans , black and white '' ) . 
  in short , it is a shallow and badly described version of a deeply nuanced story . 
  yeah , they 're quite expensive though . 
  i already have a 500gb ssd that cost me $ 200 , so i 'm ok with using that . 
  i 'm practically decided upon getting the non-retina mbp . 
  it 'd be nice to have retina , but i 'd prefer not to use an external given i already have a few lying around . 
  yeah , the one i 'm looking at is the june 2012 mbp . 
  it 's on the refurbished store for $ 1,250 nzd . 
  my mistake !, 
  i was going by memory and only checked the numbers , not the reason for presence . 
  edited to clarify , thanks for pointing that out . 
  in my head i had been thinking gentrification , which is kind of accurate , but i put it down in the wrong way . 
  your / you 're, 
  their / there / they 're, 
  [ this got answered quite thoroughly yesterday in a post . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2r4ghl/what_was_italian_food_like_in_the_14th_and_15th/ ), 
  always . 
  this one just grates on the ears . 
  is it goochland and tuckahoe ? 
  are n't they ? 
  a world government would n't solve the problems of different groups of people . 
  it would n't suddenly eliminate the enmity between israelis and palestinians , or russians and chechnyans , or north koreans and south koreans . 
  it would n't fix the non-war problems like europe has with immigrants , or america with racial groups . 
  and it 's precisely because of those problems and the thousands of others like them that a world government could not work . 
  not now , and not in the foreseeable future . 
  you talk of the politicians of smaller countries being ` bought ' by larger countries , so that policy is manipulated by the select few at the top . 
  but that 's exactly what would happen in a world government . 
  there are richer nations , like america , germany , the united kingdom , saudi arabia . 
  then there are poor nations like most of africa . 
  in a world government , how would chad fare ? 
  or somewhere like bangladesh ? 
  a world government would remove the sovereignty of these nations completely , leaving them defenceless . 
  it is not plausible that those small countries would get equal representation in a world government . 
  there would be nothing to stop a few representatives of the richer , larger factions from exploiting the smaller ones . 
  there would still be a territorial dispute . 
  israelis would n't want palestinians suddenly moving into the neighbourhood , and palestinians would n't want to move in and have the israelis stay . 
  they would still want the israelis to leave . 
  as for your one man , one vote idea . 
  that 's how it is now in many countries . 
  but just because someone has a vote , it does n't mean they use it . 
  or that they will be allowed to use it . 
  for example , i 'm from new zealand . 
  we had an election four months ago , in september . 
  we have a population of 4 million people , with 3.1 million eligible to vote . 
  but out of the 3.1 million who could vote , only 2.4 million did . 
  that 's 700,000 people who did n't vote , in a country of 4 million . 
  if we extrapolate that to the world , there are 7 billion people total , which would mean 5.4 billion who would be eligible to vote . 
  but if voter turnout was only 77 % , then 1.25 billion people would n't vote . 
  * that 's nearly the entire population of china , it is the population of india * , and it 's ** more than the combined population of the next six largest countries by population . 
  ** one vote for one person sounds good , but it would n't be guaranteed . 
  democracy is a wonderful thing , but it 's broken in a lot of countries already . 
  moving it to a world government would n't solve it . 
  [ corruption is rampant in china and india ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corruption_perceptions_index ) , the two largest populations on earth , while smaller countries like the scandinavian nations have the lowest levels of corruption . 
  if we were to shift to a world government , what would stop that corruption carrying over ? 
  people will always be greedy for money and power , and in a world government nothing would change .
