   run faster by holding a knife . 
  i mean , this one makes a lot of sense logically . 
  it 's a fucked up situation really . 
  is it partly to do with nomadism ? 
  they had to move around their lands rather than stay put , so anything permanent would n't work ? 
  then all of a sudden a bunch of people from a different part of the world that does n't have australia 's ` fuck you ! ', 
  environment come along and just build . 
  you 're being downvoted because `` get over it '' does n't help solve the problems that are still affecting aboriginal people and communities , just like saying `` slavery was a hundred and fifty years ago !, 
  get over it ! '', 
  does n't help african americans magically solve the related problems there . 
  canada and australia were both colonised before new zealand . 
  the treaty of waitangi was not viewed as a failure by the colonisers or the british . 
  i 'm not sure what you meant by lessons learned , unless you 're referring to ways to work around treaties you 've made . 
  i 'll cc in / u/firekillerfloran for this because he got it pretty much all right , but this is the key difference with the translations :, 
  under the english version of the treaty , maori gave queen victoria ` all the rights and powers of sovereignty ' over their lands . 
  in maori , this was translated to governance . 
  it 's about the same thing . 
  the major problem comes up in article two , where in english , maori were guaranteed possession of their lands , forests , fisheries , and properties . 
  but in the maori translation , maori were guaranteed ` te tino rangatiratanga ' which is effectively ` unqualified exercise of their chieftainship ' over their lands , forests , etc. 
  while the english thought they were giving possession to maori , the maori thought they were receiving the queen 's protection over their right to govern within their lands . 
  in effect , the queen would protect maori , and their lands , and their culture , while within maori communities , maori law would continue under the governance of the chiefs . 
  these misunderstandings were exacerbated by the fact that not all the iwi signed the treaty , yet were all subjected to its power . 
  the new zealand wars fought between 1845-1872 were a direct result of all this confusion . 
  no worries . 
  it 's a lot more complex , but the basics of it are above . 
  it got pretty hectic . 
  i think that 's more down to the modern drive for recognition of the treaty . 
  by the end of the 1800s , the treaty was kind of brushed aside and ignored . 
  people thought it was a dated document that had no relevance . 
  the waitangi tribunal was set up in 1975 , and that 's when claims started to be heard and actually considered . 
  prior to that , maori had gone through a lot of activism to push forward . 
  are we better than australia , canada , and the us ? 
  hard to say . 
  we 're different , but not necessarily better . 
  i ca n't speak to the military resistance of the first nations and aboriginals , but yes , maori developed good tactics to fight the british , but they still ultimately lost the war . 
  this . 
  in any 5/6 player per side competitive public queue ( cs/overwatch/dota ) , you 're fucked by luck of the draw . 
  you only need one of your five teammates to be a problem , and you 're out . 
  you can have eleven average people in the game , and their twelfth can be a pro , and you 're done . 
  you can pop up against a six stack who communicate . 
  and you 're done . 
  and all of this can happen to the other team too , and you 'll ride high . 
  and this is just for the players . 
  if you go into a game and play bastion to learn it , and go badly , it cooks it . 
  if it goes well , someone else might go badly on the hero they 're learning . 
  or well on the one they main . 
  there 's far too many variables . 
  the fetus should n't have any rights prioritised over that of the mother until it passes the cervix . 
  prior to that , any choice made is affecting one person and one potential person . 
  now , there 's no reason to have an abortion 7 months in unless there is ( a ) danger to the mother , ( b ) serious anomalies detected in the fetal scans . 
  anyone who wants to abort their child because they do n't want it is going to do it earlier , no one will willingly wait that long and then go `` oh , oops !, 
  i do n't actually want this , i 'm going to tijuana next week ! '', 
  yeah , but , the piece of paper shows you learned it ( hopefully ) the right way , and not some shitty half measured way from the internet . 
  anyone can teach themselves a subject off google , but if you 're not being taught by an expert , it 's the blind leading the blind . 
  the dunning-kruger effect !, 
  i dunno dude , i 'm gon na have to disagree with you putting bless you in there , b/c that 's some serious shit when you sneeze , you ca n't be skipping rituals like that, 
  people are selfish , not stupid . 
  sex is biology . 
  you 're talking about sex . 
  gender is how sex is interpreted by culture and society . 
  as pointed out below though , there are intersex people and extra chromosomes which throw your 2 sex theory for a loop . 
  i 'm currently doing my ma , and have met a lot of people who did a history/law or history/business conjoint . 
  most of the people i know that did only one degree went on to do postgrad , at least to honours level . 
  i 'm thinking that since you have the advertising degree , you can combine that with ba and have some good qualifications . 
  to go on to a ma though would require a lot more time , so that 's more up to your personal preference for when you want to get out . 
  i played 42 , bc2 , bf3 , and this . 
  42 is still my favourite , and i think it was the best for balance since it had more classes and weapons were n't swappable . 
  you had to make use of different classes rather than different unlocks . 
  bc2 did n't feel like battlefield at all to me . 
  it was fun , but it felt like it was trying to capture other markets and leave the battlefield style behind . 
  i loved bf3 . 
  that was the game where i felt battlefield 's aesthetics and style met with the modern warfare they wanted . 
  now we have bf1 , and i 'd describe it as the modern ( as in 2010 onwards , not modern war ) look and feel bf3 brought to the game , but with a return to the roots of battlefield in historical warfare . 
  i do n't know if that makes sense , but i 'd say give it a go . 
  has anyone else noticed fps drops after playing a few consecutive maps ? 
  performance seems to go down for me . 
  no worries . 
  it 's a heap of fun . 
  i played a round before where i was hiding in a foxhole to avoid a tank and infantry because they 're actually deep enough to be hidden from view . 
  it 's a great time, 
  there 's a thread a few comments up that rants about non-minorities being the only sjws because that particular redditor 's minority family members do n't care about race , as if they speak for everyone . 
  it 's fantastically closeminded . 
  til she 's actually an independent who votes both ways . 
  this election cycle . 
  for a completely serious answer - instructional videos or recordings transmitted through itunes or quicktime . 
  from memory , is n't that the case in the movie too ? 
  the 300 pass by the athenians and say they 'll take care of the fighting at the gates . 
  once everyone dies , the one spartan dude makes it home and talks up the 300 to the next army which defeated the persian army a few years later . 
  she was condescending as fuck . 
  good point , but daaamn was her delivery off . 
  this was the first thing i ever saw david spade do that was n't a pg/m comedy . 
  everything else i 've seen him in was tame . 
  this was brutal . 
  the superbowl did n't start until 30 years later . 
  at this point they were winning the national football league . 
  cheers , that 's been my solution too . 
  just hoped it was n't me . 
  this was what i liked too . 
  and the distinctions were very clear : assault was anti-infantry ; medic was anti-inf + healing ; engineer was anti-inf + anti-vehicle , but only had a bolt action rifle which hamstrung them in close encounters with medic/assault ; at was anti-vehicle only , but one hit vehicles ; and snipers were 1 shot anti-inf , and artillery spotters but only from a distance . 
  then the range of vehicles meant the different classes could be countered easily too .
