  as i said , it can be exceptionally useful , but it is also subject to the bias of those making edits . 
  as they are not professionals , but volunteers ( much like us here , in fact ) , they are more likely to be swayed by personal biases than a professional might be . 
  as i pointed out above , i suspect several instances that would count as invasions may have been missed from the list . 
  i 'm not sure how the united states in vietnam , for example , does n't qualify at any point . 
  finally , as an aside , i 'd like to voice my disagreement with / u/tayaravaknin over this not `` being history '' . 
  it is a question about the military history of the world , and is wonderful for analysis , although i do n't think i 've quite done it justice here . 
  if you include the last twenty years , usa still comes out ahead of israel by 1 . 
  edit : wow , tables look heaps cooler on here than on my test sub . 
  so someone asked the question `` who has committed the most invasions since 1945 ? 
  was it israel ? '', 
  about an hour ago , but it was deleted for infringing the 20 year rule . 
  so i 'd like to present my edited version ( because i 'm damned if i typed that out for nothing ) which ends at 1995 and looks at how some analysis of history can provide vastly different statistical outcomes . 
  well to begin with , we 'd better define invasion . 
  from the oed :, 
   ** invade ** enter ( a country etc. 
  in a hostile manner and with armed force with intent to control or subdue it ; attack . 
  the second source i 'd point to is the wikipedia page for the [ list of invasions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_invasions ) . 
  while wikipedia is a horrendous source for many disciplines , including history , it can be quite useful for this type of quantitative history . 
  going straight from their list , the tally ends up like so :, 
  of invasions | countries, 
  8 | usa . 
  6 | china , israel . 
  5 | north vietnam . 
  3 | france , india , iraq , ussr . 
  2 | egypt , indonesia , north korea , pakistan , south korea , syria . 
  1 | argentina , biafra , bulgaria , cyprus , el salvador , greece , hungary , jordan , morocco , nigeria , poland , saudi arabia , somalia , tanzania , turkey , uganda , united kingdom . 
  so the basic face value answer is no , israel has not committed the most invasions . 
  the united states takes the no . 
  1 position with 8 , beating israel and china by 2 . 
  however , this is just a basic look at the statistics . 
  and there are issues with these numbers too . 
  firstly , how do we look at territories that changed their names or added to their countries during this period ? 
  north vietnam conquered south vietnam in 1976 , becoming the united country called vietnam . 
  the new vietnam added 4 invasions to its own tally , which if combined with north vietnam would surpass all other nations on the list . 
  considering that the union of north and south vietnam was not an equal one , but a conquest , and that those responsible for the invasions committed by north vietnam were the same leaders during the later spate of invasions , i would argue that there is merit in counting the totals together . 
  this would put, 
  secondly , the status of territories . 
  palestine is a notorious example . 
  looking at the list of invasions , i am certain some are not appearing there under israel 's tally , and that some may be missing too from their opponents in the wars that have occurred in that region since 1945 . 
  as well as that , there are contested territories which undoubtedly raise the issue of who is in control of land ? 
  i would suggest that france 's invasions of vietnam in 1945 and 1946 might not count at all as vietnam was a french possession at the time , and that vietnam had not truly thrown off the influence of france at this point, 
  thirdly , how do we count invasions that occur as part of one war ? 
  for example , israel is give three invasions for the six day war in 1967 , which was a simultaneous attack , and a part of one operation . 
  but to take this as a measure of aggression would be wrong as the three nations were in alliance with each other . 
  as well as this , / u/tayaravaknin points out that israel was not the aggressor , yet by definiton , those were legitimate invasions . 
  lastly on the issue of numbers , is the quality of wikipedia as a source . 
  as i said , it can be exceptionally useful , but it is also subject to the bias of those making edits . 
  as they are not professionals , but volunteers ( much like us here , in fact ) , they are more likely to be swayed by personal biases than a professional might be . 
  as i pointed out above , i suspect several instances that would count as invasions may have been missed from the list . 
  i 'm not sure how the united states in vietnam , for example , does n't qualify at any point . 
  ok , so if i 'm reading this correctly , you disagree based on three premises : that history is objective ; that history always has an answer ; that history should answer `` what happened ? '', 
  rather than ask , `` what is this ? '' . 
  on the first one , i would ask how can you think history is objective ? 
  we operate from a position far removed from the times about which we write ( especially so here where we are at a minimum twenty years separate ) , and do so therefore with a contextual understanding of history which is completely different to that of historians in the 1950s , or the 1800s , or even a hundred years from now . 
  we 're therefore influenced by our own times , by our own biases , and by the biases of all the sources we utilise . 
  we can strive for objectivity , but it is impossible to attain , and should n't be required as a benchmark of what history is . 
  objectivity eliminates the most wondrous questions in history - any that begin with why or how are rendered futile . 
  these questions are often answered , but remain debated for years afterwards . 
  objectivity is a very , very high standard . 
  following on from that , you suggest that this is a question without an answer , and is therefore not history . 
  but history is full of such situations , depending on what stance you take . 
  for example , the irish famine is sometimes called a genocide , while others label it governmental incompetence . 
  history has n't got one answer - it has an infinite number . 
  how do you describe everything that happens in a single second ? 
  it would be impossible . 
  we can answer some questions easily enough - who was the thirty second president of america . 
  but how do you answer a question about fdrs relationship with his wife and her influence over the political office he held ? 
  this is why so many texts will include sentences such as `` most historians agree that ... '' - because it is assumed , suggested , agreed upon , but never known for sure . 
  that sort of answers your final disagreement too - the motive of history itself . 
  we do n't do history to find the perfect answer to something . 
  we do it so we can find out why something happened . 
  `` what is this ? '', 
  is a brilliant question for a historian . 
  if i asked you `` what was the six day war ? 
  '' , you could give me the response `` it was a war fought between israel and an alliance formed of jordan , syria and egypt '' . 
  but you and i would both know that that is no kind of answer . 
  it does n't give any of the delicate details . 
  it leaves out the pre-emptive strikes , and the weighting of the battle , and the numbers . 
  it tells you nothing of the experience of the soldiers in their bunkers , or of the experience of the civilians who watched from both sides - israelis and egyptians and jordanians and syrians alike . 
  and your main disagreement was that invasion ca n't be defined . 
  but it can . 
  it 's a word with a meaning , that is quite easily defined unlike many others . 
  when military representatives of a country cross the border of another without formal invitation , it is an invasion . 
  they did however , have the intention of subduing and/or controlling north vietnam !, 
  i guess it 's a question of how far north the fighting reached then , and how far the patrols went . 
  so the element of control/subduing the north was there ( control = containment ) , but not the invasive factor . 
  my mistake . 
  the sit-ins of the time had but one purpose : to challenge segregation and its legitimacy . 
  in that sense , they were also challenging a status quo in the south that had existed for well over a century . 
  the participants were arguing for equality , which went against the majority beliefs of the south - that whites were better than blacks , and that the white hegemony was the proper order of things . 
  it meant that movie theatres , cafes , restaurants , milk bars , and other similar venues would no longer cater only to one race or the other , but to both . 
  this was an encroachment of white society at every level . 
  mixing with blacks was n't an option that most people wanted to exercise . 
  the danger of sit-ins comes from the reaction and reprisals that followed . 
  when sit-ins were staged , they were done with a non-violent intent . 
  however , it was one sided non-violence , and they were at risk of being manhandled out of diners , arrested , beaten , or even having their families harmed at a later point . 
  throughout the long civil rights movement there are instances of white reprisals against those who challenged the status quo , occurring both before and after the sit-ins . 
  in south carolina in 1947 , a judge made a ruling that black voters could not be prevented from voting in the democratic primaries . 
  this was followed up with threats of violence , and in 1950 , the judge left the state after he and his wife received several more threats . 
  the reasons ?
