  i 'd give that a go since it 's easy , but it 'll also introduce you to most of the common ingredients and methods . 
  this looks great !, 
  what sort of icing is that ? 
  driving is not a right , voting is . 
  buying alcohol is not a right , voting is . 
  buying alcohol does not require an id unless you look young . 
  not everyone drives . 
  some people catch buses . 
  or taxis . 
  or walk . 
  or cycle . 
  not everyone is rich enough to travel , so they do n't have passports . 
  not everyone who is rich enough to travel does , so their passports expire . 
  travelling is also not a right of citizenship . 
  voting still is . 
  elderly people do n't need ids because you do n't get carded when you 're 80 . 
  poor people do n't need passports because you ca n't afford a flight to europe when you 're broke . 
  people who rely on public transport because they ca n't afford a car , or are disabled , do n't need a licence because they will never use it . 
  black and hispanic americans have the highest poverty rates at 27.4 % and 26.6 % respectively . 
  the poverty rate of white americans is only 9.9 % . 
  requiring voter id stops poor people and elderly people from voting . 
  this means the number of people who ca n't vote because they 're poor is higher among black and hispanic americans . 
  this is disenfranchisement , and it disproportionately affects non-white americans . 
  it 's not really though . 
  look at the op comment for this thread . 
  he says sikhs are not muslims , which is fine , but it does n't condemn the violence - just the mistaken target . 
  even then , it 's not a big deal because we know what he means . 
  the next bit is harder though , because the way he writes about the sikh history is to paint the sikhs as good guys . 
  but good guys need a bad guy , and he puts muslims in that position . 
  muslims are n't bad guys . 
  poor wording , or racist intention , the way the comment is written pushes an idea . 
  you might read it and go `` oh , sikhs are all good , and they actually fight muslims so they 're definitely not the same thing '' but one of the guys who beat up on this dude could read it and go `` hey billy-bob !, 
  this guy agrees with me !, 
  we should recruit some sikhs for our next muslim bashing party ! '', 
  also the `` i personally relate '' line is massively fucked up . 
  has he had bad personal experiences with muslims ? 
  trump 's all up in politics dude , he 's literally a business . 
  i never said they were . 
  i even said his comment could just be a case of poor wording . 
  but that poor wording can come across to someone else as reinforcement for their ideas , which gives them credibility in their minds . 
  just like you read my comment as an accusation of racism which you took as proof that liberals like to accuse non-racist people of being racist . 
  pretty sure it 's full size pitches from when you 're 14-15 years old . 
  edit : check the replies to this comment / u/joemarler - youngest i 'd watched was about the 14yo mark , but 11-12 yo play full sized too . 
  matter of fact , our soccer pitches are full sized from that age too . 
  nah , this sub will be unbearable if that happens . 
  better we get through the tour and give the argies a first victory in the '17 trc . 
  south africa are still ranked third in the world . 
  we 're good , but we 're not invincible . 
  hansen 's just got this team operating at a level of cohesion that is unparalleled . 
  if the boks shake them , it all tumbles down . 
  edited my post above !, 
  i was just giving the earliest i 'd seen . 
  there 's a few troubling comments in here from kiwi flairs . 
  stop being arseholes . 
  how is this related to blm at all ? 
  how is this the fault of anyone other than one individual with a gun ? 
  it 's a tragedy , where two good police officers lost their lives trying to do their jobs . 
  there 's no race factor that we can see . 
  they were n't lured there under false pretenses . 
  it only raises questions * depending on the event * . 
  this was n't a protest where someone saw a cop and thought that they could make a statement by killing a cop . 
   sergeant william hutchinson told reporters police were called because of `` some kind of family disturbance '', 
  that 's a domestic gone wrong , not someone out to kill cops . 
  you 're saying that the media and blm bend a narrative to suit their purposes , but now you 're doing the exact same thing . 
  cops died in the line of duty before blm , and they 'll die long after it 's gone . 
  it 's a tragedy , but to claim it 's connected to blm and the media coverage of that is misleading and irresponsible . 
  this will be an unpopular opinion , but i think your political issues are more important than sport . 
  sacrificing a few years of sa rugby to try and fix wider issues in the country is a worthy cause to me . 
  guys , there was no world cup in 2007 , remember ? 
  did n't happen . 
  writer 's strike . 
  or something . 
  how is this a stamp ? 
  in normal speed it does n't look like he 's aiming at the bloke 's head , more like he 's trying to put his foot down somewhere . 
  the blue guy should n't be there , the red player should have taken more care , but it does n't look like a stamp without a different angle . 
  [ this is a stamp . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpnientjxuu ), 
  i do n't know how to explain this in a way that you 'll understand without getting angrier . 
  ** there is no evidence to suggest that these cops were killed for being cops . 
  they were at a domestic dispute , trying to resolve it , and got shot by someone who was unstable . 
  that has nothing to do with black lives matter . 
  that has nothing to do with race . 
  i do n't see what another 50 points would add , but ok . 
  so his original facebook post was deleted or set to private , but he shares plenty of other stuff . 
  this includes :, 
  * a post calling obama a `` muslim brother '' of isis, 
  * another that denies trump 's a racist because he has been married to a few people of various ethnic backgrounds, 
  * and in a weird contradiction , a post about the dallas cowboys owner threatening to fire players who do n't stand for the anthem which also has the hashtag #landofthefree ( unless it 's freedom of expression ) . 
  so yeah , this could be because he 's white . 
  could also be because he said some particularly incendiary shit online . 
  ** edit : i do n't think he deserved this . 
  before someone suggests that i do . 
  as i read your comment i thought `` imagine if they had an indigenous south african team '' then realised that sort of thinking is how this all started . 
  two very different systems in our countries . 
  i meant that it was a contradiction in that the players were being told what not to do at risk of being fired . 
  to be fair , it does look like there 's a pair of headlights under that bed , it 's incredibly bright . 
  i ca n't imagine wanting that much light for any reason , but it does look cool . 
  could you expand on that ? 
  are you saying that he ca n't be fired for doing whatever he likes , so the football boss is talking out of his arse ? 
  or are you saying that free speech does n't exist when you 're an employee ?
