  how lol, 
  it 's a new ea release , it 's called cheika baiting 2k17, 
  fuck perenara and his stupid attempts to save time though . 
  we have the best forwards in the world and he wo n't just use it . 
  tpp in pubg , much like it did in dayz , removes the ability of people to play the game like a generic shooter . 
  you ca n't run and gun in tpp like you can in other shooters ( think cod and battlefield , cs and overwatch to a lesser extent ) . 
  the tpp mode punishes people who try to play like that . 
  they get caught in an ill advised spot and can be cut down from multiple angles . 
  if they manage to find cover and survive , they 're pinned down , but they 're also granted the ability to peek beyond their cover , and use it to try and remedy that mistake . 
  tpp puts an emphasis on using your environment to your advantage in combination with your equipment . 
  fpp is completely different . 
  the same situation as above is far more survivable because the player who rushes in heedlessly can drop behind cover and effectively disappear . 
  all they need is for their attackers to move , and they can escape . 
  they are not punished for their missteps , or their lack of strategy . 
  if the player is suitably skilled , they even have the option to just fire back , and chase down kills , even when the person they 're attacking is in a strong defensive position . 
  this game mode rewards the impulsive player who rushes , and is out of position . 
  i think it also rewards camping far more than tpp , because you feel far safer playing fpp than tpp , and are far more easily able to hide and wait than in tpp . 
  and all of these factors ? 
  they 're typical of those shooters i listed at the start . 
  they reward people who rush in and create those deathmatch scenarios . 
  in fpp , the game is basically a regular shooter with a closing arena , and it 's no longer a survival game , at least until the final ten . 
   it was everything a bledisloe should be . 
  weak aussie scrums, 
  lol 'd, 
  great reference , great film . 
  jesus i never loved and hated a player like i did stirling mortlock, 
  balconies where ? 
  those garage buildings with the big open door on ground level ? 
  they 're too wide to have complete 360 vision . 
  you have one side , and have to use ears for the other . 
  they 're also countered by grenades , people checking the windows as they come into the second floor , and anyone who 's in a higher position than you . 
  or [ perhaps you mean these ] ( https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--7zjrlg_u--/c_scale,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/nvm0cpec9qlyqli4ehuq.jpg ) , which have the same issue , as well as having multiple entries , and forcing you to make a highly visible exit when you jump off . 
  if that 's the final two circles , it 's in grenade range . 
  bathrooms are n't safespots . 
  they have one door , meaning they can be shot to shit , grenaded , and camped . 
  there is no bathroom in the game where you are in a better position than a player outside the bathroom but still in the house . 
  i specifically pointed out the yellow buildings and you ignored everything i said and talked about jumping off a one story building . 
  you can not escape those buildings if you get caught in there . 
  they 're traps . 
  this is the point of camping . 
  you sit in a room with one way in , and cover that entrance with tpp cam . 
  but if anyone finds out you 're in there , you 're fucked . 
  because there is no escape . 
  see 2 . 
  every situation can be flanked , countered , or grenaded . 
  there are no exceptions . 
  that was a long ass wall of text just to tell me i 'm full of shit . 
  people are invisible behind rocks . 
  people are invisible in bushes . 
  people are invisible in buildings where they peek q and e to see the oncoming players . 
  it 's as much a tactical shooter as battlefield is . 
  ok you obviously do n't have a clue what you 're talking about , and are either sore that you could n't get ahead in standard mode , or delighted that your favourite shooter has been ported to a battle royale game . 
  all those situations occur in first person . 
  i 've run through a field 5 minutes after match began in first person and had 4 different people pop up . 
  everyone camps in fpp . 
   stop abusing 3pp and play the game like a man . 
  why do n't you learn how to use it and stop whinging like a child ? 
  sure buddy . 
  feed your inferiority . 
  how are you supposed to see someone in a house on the edge of pochinki if you 're running towards them and they peek from a doorway inside the house ? 
  the windows are n't 100 % transparent , they have some opacity , and you 'd have to be looking at the one window out of 50 or so at the right moment . 
  you going to have a cry when that person kills you because they were better prepared ? 
  i could n't see any of those four people , because they were prone in long grass and bushes . 
  it was complete invisibility . 
  but fpp is n't full of campers , right ? 
  it 's not cheap to use the tpp camea . 
  it 's not luck to win in tpp . 
  it 's not lacking in skill . 
  get the fuck off your high horse and admit that you 're just a wee bit shite . 
  it 's ` doable ' to scout out a row of 15 two storey houses with at least two windows on each floor , while running across a field from the blue ? 
  how are you checking all of those windows for movement at the same time ? 
  what stops someone peeking from the left end of the row while you 're checking the right end of the row ? 
  wait , you have a 4x ? 
  but i only have a red dot . 
  sounds like luck to me . 
  if the guy in the house has a 4x , will you complain about rng drops ? 
  should we implement kits you choose at the start of each game ? 
  stop claiming that fpp is wholly skill , it 's fucking loaded with luck of the draw . 
  i responded to every part of your post . 
  the numbers referred to each quoted section . 
  [ these are the yellow buildings i was referring to . 
  ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/kvfpmaxcczu/maxresdefault.jpg ) you can camp in the back room with no vision from the outside , but the only way out is down the main hallway and through the doors - which creates a trap . 
  please , tell me how i jump off from multiple angles . 
  i ignored your post from break because he gave an answer in the very same comment in the section you did n't quote : you can just use a car . 
  i feel i 've been quite patient with you , yet you 've just been quite rude . 
  perhaps that 's why you struggle in tpp . 
  no this wo n't happen bc fpp fixed camping !!!, 
  lmao , shit , this was meant to have an / s, 
  but everyone is arguing that tpp encourages camping , and i 'm saying that that 's simply not true , because if you 're in a static camping position , you get flanked , you get caught out . 
  you 're saying that `` use a vehicle '' is simplistic , but break uses the vehicle as an example of how tpp is broken because it transports you safely from camp spot to camp spot . 
  it ca n't be both . 
  it 's either broken , or it 's not viable . 
  no it 's not , do n't be hyperbolic . 
  devotion is perfectly fine , but the inability to exist outside that devotion is not . 
  there is that meaning of it too , but even then , religious devotion is just dedication to the faith , whether it be represented by god , allah , or ganesha . 
  devotion can be taken too far , obviously , but at that point you 'd start to use other terms for it . 
  how 's a red dot going to check into those windows from across the field ? 
  you wo n't see shit . 
  you need a 4x at least . 
  luck .
