  i do n't hate people with views that are n't my own - i hate people who think that they 're better than others purely because of their gender , their ethnic heritage , or their religion . 
  it 's dangerous to allow people to consistently spout hateful rhetoric about an entire group of people . 
  that 's how the nazis started . 
  now , the_donald and trump 's supporters may not turn out that way . 
  but what if they did ? 
  what if 10 years from now there was a camp in every state where muslims were sent ? 
  how could we let that happen again . 
  i 'm not turning a subreddit into a muslim camp . 
  i 'm turning a substantial portion of the american voting public into a muslim camp , because they voted for nationalistic and anti-foreigner sentiments . 
  the nazis started off as a group of less than a hundred people meeting in germany through 1919 . 
  the original group members were german nationalists and anti-semites . 
  by 1920 they had 2,000 people at a meeting . 
  it was n't until the 30s , more than ten years later , that they became the nazis we remember today . 
  but the change occurred . 
  i 'm not fearful , i 'm warning . 
  this has happened before , and it could happen here . 
  it might not , but the possibility has to be acknowledged . 
  mike pence wants to tie gay people to chairs and attach electrodes to their foreheads in an effort to turn them straight . 
  how is that any better than what the saudis do ? 
  it 's ok dude , he 's only 12 now . 
  so this happened to me once !, 
  group of us , two guys , three girls . 
  the other guy was in a relationship with one of the girls . 
  we 're walking through downtown late at night looking for food . 
  it 's windy , and this girl says `` oh wow , i 'm freezing . '', 
  so i offer her a coat i 'm carrying over my arm . 
  she says she 's fine . 
  she says it again less than five minutes later : `` oh i 'm really cold '' , i offer her the coat ... `` no thanks . '', 
  this did n't make any sense , because it was a really big winter coat , and perfect for this sort of night . 
  she says it one more time , and the girl who was in a relationship turns around and snaps at her `` well take the fucking coat or shut up ! '', 
  she did n't take it , and she did shut up . 
  later she told people i was crushing on her because i kept offering her my coat for no reason . 
  usually you 'd turn off the truck and get out of the car , * then * lock the doors . 
  wonder if this is why i never got told the coal version as a kid in the southern hemisphere . 
  coal 's even shittier in summer . 
  that 's national , you 'd have to look at preferred pm to see who they 're against ( i think he took a dip a week or two back ) . 
  this is a blinded reply . 
  i 'm a leftie , always have been . 
  i do n't like national , and i do n't like key as a person . 
  that disclaimer out of the way , i do n't think he 's been a terrible pm . 
  he 's made some colossal pr fuck ups which he waltzed through , but in terms of actual governance , i think he 's been ok . 
  he could have been brilliant if he 'd had some decent ministers , but shit happens . 
  but to say that he 's improved the country over hc 's labour government to the degree that you 're suggesting is thoroughly ridiculous . 
  while owning the brewery and the bar . 
  throws a spanner in the works for labour . 
  they could even call a snap election and win it b/c labour is planning for 12 months from now , not tomorrow . 
  actually , resigning from parliament is stepping down from government entirely , and immediately . 
  phil goff did this a few weeks back when he won the mayoral race for auckland , and vacating his seat forced a by-election . 
  key ( 1 ) does n't want to force a by-election , and ( 2 ) is n't being forced to retire by scandal or law , so he can quietly serve out the year until the next election . 
  thatcher , blair , and cameron were all forced to resign . 
  key 's done it because he feels like it . 
  it 's highly unusual . 
  it 's like if obama stepped down midway through 2015 . 
  ok then , but if we 're going to treat all of those as unforced resignations , recognise john key 's for what it is : he is leaving at a time of his choosing , with popularity , and a guaranteed fourth term in front of him . 
  i do n't like him , but a majority of the country does , and they would happily send him to a fourth term . 
  he 's not facing negative press/caucuses like thatcher , blair , or cameron . 
  this is completely uncommon in westminster systems , judging by the examples you 've provided , and in new zealand , it has n't happened at all as far as i know . 
   i am not so familiar with nz politics, 
  clearly . 
  i 'm telling you now , having a fair understanding of it , that john key winning in 2017 was as safe a bet as anything . 
  three people have put their hands up for the leadership : jonathan coleman , a forgettable man who is minister of health ; judith collins , a party member who is further to the right than key , and only remains in cabinet because he brought her back into the fold after a corruption scandal ; and bill english , his deputy pm who led the party to their biggest loss ever in 2002 . 
  the opposition coalition has n't broken 40 % in months , and have gone through leaders almost as quickly as australia has through pms . 
  there was no competition for key anywhere , because people * really * like him . 
  he just does n't care to be in charge anymore . 
  you must be new to observing the shitshow that is the us republican party !, 
  i ca n't find an argument against england , but i really want to !, 
  so for that , i take the route of time magazine 2006 and say that the team of the year is ** you ** the supporters !, 
  yay !, 
  but also i 'd give coach of the year to eddie jones because he 's been fucking fantastic for two years in a row now . 
  there was a thread of helpful tips , and one of them was to put your car remote under your chin to extend its range . 
  well , i thought it was something to make you look dumb , so i waited until i was out at night to try it in the dark . 
  it worked !, 
  range is almost five times as much !, 
  skipping the great pyramid sounds like the weirdest advice ever tbh . 
  yeah , but that was later , and would n't make someone not a racist . 
  i think bowie got past it and apologised though . 
  or you know , because he publically called the people at those briefings liars . 
  this sounds like you planned out a twenty move chess strategy and the other guy took your queen two moves in but you 're still pursuing the plan despite it being impossible . 
   it was the first time i was able to vote, 
   for the first time in a loooong time , i 'm excited for the future of our country . 
  kid , you 're max 22 years old . 
  that 's not a long time . 
  that 's two presidencies you 're old enough to remember proper detail from . 
  she 's a woman , he needed an excuse , he found one . 
  i guess what 's sad is that in ' 08 , half the world rejoiced because obama won , and we saw that as the dawn of a new era for america . 
  now we 're just not sure what the fuck you 're doing . 
  can you post the notes alone , b/c i 'm having an argument in my head over rotational speed :(, 
  also , i hate people who can write lowercase a 's like yours , so jealous . 
  you know all those memes about britain doing brexit then the usa saying `` hold my beer '' ? 
  they were true . 
  brexit was phenomenally stupid , but trump blasted through the wreckage and kept going . 
  i asked a friend about brexit ( she is an academic who studied the legal systems of the eu ) , and her take on it was that brexit was a threat to the continued success of the biggest political experiment of all time . 
  and if you think about it , that 's huge . 
  that 's something that affects multiple countries , millions of people , and world economies . 
  on a more uk-centric level , it also affects the regular people of britain : the immigrants who call britain home now , the scots who voted ` no ' on the indy ref on the basis of eu membership and got screwed by the english , the youth who voted to retain the benefits of the union and lost out to the older generations who feared change . 
  the upside for britain is that the eu is accomodating these people by offering citizenship , but it does n't change the fact that a nation which invaded the world is suddenly upset at the world coming to see what 's so special in england . 
  now you can 4.4 to 8.2, 
  he gets those from talents too , it 's fucking great, 
  refresh that 3 sec blink, 
  am already worked with mjollnir because it only counted as a uam when it proc 'd .
