  the way the benefit is set up at the moment makes it extremely difficult for people to get out of the cycle of dependence . 
  the welfare state has been dismantled , and her policy is the first step to rebuilding it . 
  remember the excitement you felt every time you saw a new doctor ? 
  do you remember watching tennant regenerate ? 
  or eccleston ? 
  do you remember the excitement of seeing a brand new episode with a new doctor , and wondering what was going to happen ? 
  [ watch this girl react . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/jenny_trout/status/886615696062459908 ), 
  why would you want to deny her that excitement ? 
  the thrill of seeing someone who is * like you * . 
  because really ? 
  a girl can relate to a man in the same way as they can to a woman ? 
  i seriously doubt that . 
   the doctor is a lot more subtle . 
  yeah , blue pinstripes and maroon chucks . 
  or tweed and bowties . 
  oh sorry , misunderstood . 
  i saw / u/roranicus01 say colourful , and you said the doctor is subtle . 
  just pointing out that tennant and smith were pretty unsubtle . 
  all of them !, 
  he 's a non drinker so the liver counts for 6 !, 
  in the same way that high rollers at casinos buy their gifts with enormous amounts of money lost at the tables . 
  how 'd you get the rest ? 
  nah , she 'll be done for peds and suspended, 
  i thought initially that it was people coming in to discover frey 's body . 
  once his hand moved , i jumped to it being arya disguised as him and could n't really sit still after that . 
  denmark 's in the central/north . 
  i 'm ok with it though . 
  i thought he fit the look of someone who 's sailed to a bunch of different countries . 
  he 's a pirate really , is n't he . 
  let 's not pretend he 's anything but . 
  and the costume reflected that : he looks out of place at king 's landing , like he does n't fit the style . 
  it works . 
  also , i fucking love scandinavian actors . 
  they do well . 
  she 's had a spine for several seasons . 
  she 's just moved her way into a position where she can show it . 
  so you did spend more money , but it was from selling items on the market . 
  i did that too , but i 'm nowhere near 500 yet , let alone 700 . 
   when most terrorists across the world are muslim . 
  [ but that 's not true . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/omar-alnatour/muslims-are-not-terrorist_b_8718000.html ), 
  fuck , it 's all or nothing with you is n't it . 
  where did i say girls could n't be real fans ? 
  this is common practice , and there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  the article is giving you a summarised version of the story , and he 's citing the book because it 's got the full list of references inside it . 
  he 's clear from the start that he 's telling you something from a book , and at the end he has another reminder that it 's his book he 's talking about . 
  yes . 
  bear island is in the west though , that 's a huge journey to make because the eastern plan failed . 
  i do n't think bran passing through the wall was meant to make the wall collapse , but rather break the spell on the wall which prevents the night king from passing . 
  they said the wall was built with magic imbued in it to lock him out , and that seems similar to the magic of the three eyed raven 's cave . 
  talisa was visibly pregnant , and the story of the red wedding was widely known in westeros . 
  makes sense that arya would pick up that detail . 
  is a redneck romeo where you hook up your exhaust pipe to the caravan or ... 
  i would like to point you towards the fact that christopher eccleston was hired because he was a man , and no one gave a flying fuck . 
  lmao chill out , the dad was trying to get her to focus on the pup because it would have calmed her down a bit . 
  you 're the second person to have brought up that interview to me , and it 's quite irritating . 
  i think there 's two things you should consider when reading it . 
  firstly , jodie whitaker was giving an interview in person ( or over the phone/radio ) , she was n't reading off a script . 
  there 's a very high probability that she did n't go in there thinking `` i 've got to say feminist first , got to say it before woman , got to push the agenda . '', 
  secondly , if she did mean to say it first , it 's still a non-issue . 
  being a woman is a personal angle . 
  being a feminist is a communal angle . 
  if she did put feminist first on purpose , she put the movement before herself , and there 's absolutely nothing wrong with that . 
  bonus third thing : being a feminist is n't some evil side taking . 
  it 's literally as neutral as you get . 
  `` hey , i think those people should be the same as those people . '', 
  on the topic of `` selecting a woman over a man because woman '' which sounds even more absurd to type than it does to read , i can only offer an analogy :, 
  your wife wants a blue car . 
  you offer her a range of cars to choose from , and half are blue while half are red . 
  she immediately dismisses all the red cars . 
  do you get angry over this ? 
  there is still an abundance of choice in blue cars . 
  people seem to be equating jodie whitaker 's selection to picking the woman to spite the men , but this is an enormous cash-cow that the bbc is milking . 
  they very obviously had a list of women candidates and picked one . 
  they picked jodie because she was better than the other women . 
  they did n't pick her because she 's a woman . 
  what, 
  why, 
  because she 's a woman in the main role of a popular television show . 
  feminism advocates equality among the sexes , meaning more representation for women in all areas of society , including the media . 
  this fits that criteria . 
  humanism is completely different to feminism . 
  egalitarianism is much broader than feminism , and includes race , sexuality , and other identifying features as well as gender . 
  you ca n't apply objectivity to actors . 
  you might think matt smith was a terrible actor , whereas i thought he was wonderful . 
  you might think sylvester stallone is a savant , whereas i think he 's trash . 
  there is no * best * person to play the doctor . 
  i do n't think they 're hanging out at the bbc and saying `` let 's look progressive ! '' . 
  you sound a bit like you think women should n't vote and muslims should go home , wherever that is . 
  there 's a difference between dodging your taxes to take a trip to malibu and defrauding winz because you need to be able to buy food for your child . 
  a safety net is supposed to get you back on your feet . 
  national ripped the elastic out of ours and sold it years ago . 
  side-note : why is your post history defending apartheid ? 
  me too , this is the best outcome to this post, 
  mate i 'm not asking for delicately crafted tentacles that fit in . 
  i 'll take an ms paint job , so long as there 's two more appendages added, 
  undying has an immortal ? 
  where, 
  less logic more tentacles pls,
