  i would also encourage you to read all the comments replying to mine in that answer because the users tidied up a few of my scattered thoughts and incorrect points . 
  the second part of your question is what i 'll address here . 
  again , the answer is yes , and not just allowed , but encouraged . 
  dave billingsly , an american medic who arrived in vietnam in 1970 recounts his first day in vietnam :, 
   i saw this little club there called alice 's restaurant , '' billingsly reported . 
  `` then , a helicopter flew over and it had a peace sign painted on it . 
  it also had a speaker hanging out of it , and they were playing ` sgt. 
  pepper 's lonely hearts club band . ' so , i went into alice 's restaurant and everywhere i looked there were dudes with peace signs around their necks , beads , headbands . 
  and i 'm thinking to myself , ` where the fuck am i ? ', 
  this account shows that among the troops , longing for peace was a common sentiment ( unless he walked into the pacifist hotbed of the american army on day 1 ) . 
  this means that many of the protest songs , like fortunate son , would resonate with an army of men who did n't particularly want to be there . 
  more directly to your second question , it shows that music was played from the helicopters . 
  a similar account says :, 
   we 're flying at seven or eight thousand feet listening to afvn radio -- ` from the delta to the dmz ' -- and ` like a rolling stone ' comes on . 
  the rim shot and the explosion of the music . 
  i could remember it from 1965 when we used to just turn it up and stop everything to listen to it , but flying over vietnam , in the cockpit of an airplane , being totally stoned , out of bullet range , looking down at the war , and listening to the music , nothing like it . 
  again , music is a common theme here ( along with pot ) . 
  i guess the new question is why was music allowed on the choppers ? 
  surely this would be distracting or something ? 
  the answer actually links back to your first question about popularity . 
  in the dying years of the war , american troop numbers were being scaled back in preparation for an exit . 
  this led to more men resisting fighting ( disobeying orders , fragging officers etc. ), 
  and in general , there was the idea that control of the troops might have been lost . 
  the american response to this was to raise morale with material things . 
  meredith lair in her book * armed with abundance : consumerism and soldiering in the vietnam war * writes that the military hierarchy made sure that music was available to the troops at all times . 
  by 1969 she says , a third of troops listened to music for 5 hours a day . 
  about a third of your waking time in a standard 8-16 hour sleep schedule , but i assume soldiers would have less sleep time . 
  99 % of personnel had a radio by 1970 , and the american forces vietnam network ( who i think is [ gooood moooooooooorning vietnaaaaaaaam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awsra5p8mdw ) ? ), 
  were broadcasting 24/7 . 
  so , music was seen as a key weapon in the war against declining troop morale , to the point where the military even organised woodstock tribute concerts for the troops , and encouraged them to listen to music . 
  i do n't know how loud you 'd have to play a song to hear it over the rotors , but by the two accounts above , that 's what they did . 
  edit : my research process !, 
  my first move was to google `` did vietnam helicopters play music '' because that seemed like it might lead to some obscure article . . 
  instead it led me to this absolute gold mine of [ yahoo answers ] ( https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20101126100542aay8fog ) , where good ole patriots told me that the only thing that helicopters played was machine guns and rockets !, 
  they also provided several illuminating answers about hollywood bs , and one guy suggesting that playing music might give you away to the enemy , as opposed to the sound of your rockets ? 
  anyway , i then found [ a chapter ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctt1cx3srf.7 ), 
  of [ this book ] ( http://www.bookdepository.com/we-gotta-get-out-of-this-place/9781625341624 ) which is where i got the quotes , the references to meredith lair 's book , and the general information . 
  i assume that book is available in libraries , but it 's quite a reasonably priced text and looks like an interesting read . 
  if you want to buy it for a poor student , please pm me  hope this has been an interesting answer !, 
  that 's a really cool little addition , thanks !, 
  james o'keefe and project veritas are n't legitimate sources , but good try . 
  i do n't , and you could be right . 
  my interpretation of that is based on many troops not wanting to be in vietnam , but having no choice ; the strength of the anti-war movement at the time ( this is 1970 now ) ; and the instances of troop dissatisfaction , as evidence by fragging and the problems with command . 
  i agree that a sense of irony was definitely at play , and that the peace symbol may have been a brand too , but i do n't think it can be unlinked from the actual notion of peace . 
  also , i would n't say that these men were necessarily pacifists , but that they had a very , very good reason to want peace : it might save their lives . 
  the airman quoted above says they listened to afvn , so i assume some sort of radio that did n't interfere with their military comms . 
  [ there 's another comment here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/581h5s/in_many_vietnam_war_films_credence_clearwater/d8xgutz ) from / u/the _ original_gronkie which answers this question too . 
  hey thanks , this is great stuff to share !, 
  reckon that was a try , but had a laugh at the comments :, 
   the english took the decision on the chin and got on with it , any other country would have kicked up a stink . 
  they may not be the best , but they can handle it when things do n't go they 're way . 
   they thought that a child would not want to read a book with the word `` philosopher '' in the title and , after some discussion , the american edition was published in september 1998 under the title rowling suggested , harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone . 
  rowling claimed that she regretted this change and would have fought it if she had been in a stronger position at the time . 
  [ wikipedia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harry_potter_and_the_philosopher%27s_stone#u.s._publication_and_reception ), 
  that 's some nrl shit right there, 
  sign me up lovelies, 
  nah it 's a dig at english fans being whiners . 
  i gave you a warning in week 2 , what the hell are you doing ? 
  to be completely fair to the crazies , i just read a r/legaladvice thread where the cops were telling the person to do one thing while his lawyer told him to do another because the cops did n't understand the law properly . 
  no he would n't . 
  he 'd be praised by his friends , loathed by hers , and maybe get a scare from the cops showing up to talk to him . 
  jesus , the ibd one has investors siding with hillary by 6 points . 
  nz was $ 1.03 earlier in the week , and australia was $ 10 . 
  someone dropped $ 100k on the all blacks head to head . 
  what ? 
  cheika looks like his career is flashing before his eyes . 
  to be fair to the aussies though , that was so close to an intercept try it 's not funny . 
  gif of dean mumm 's hands slipped from the rugby ball to the read balls and kieran 's reaction please, 
  ooo i see . 
  if he was any good at his job , would n't investors back him ? 
  if aussie were playing any team other than the all blacks , that movement would have been a try . 
  all the props are jumping up laughing , it 's the best thing they 've done in years, 
  was n't that it was bad , was just that it was a penalty after the try was scored . 
  so play ended , infringement = penalty as soon as play begins . 
  haha crowd booing folau 's offside . 
  they just want to see people running, 
  fuck , we 're really missing aaron smith ae . 
  that perenara pass was trash . 
  edit : fuck, 
  which bit ? 
  wallabies scored the try , and * after * nigel blew the whistle to stop play , kieran read committed a foul . 
  that means a penalty has to be taken as soon as play resumes , which is at the kick off . 
  instead of letting the all blacks kick off , the wallabies get the mid field penalty because a kick off would disadvantage them ( barrett could just scone it 50m downfield and they 'd have to take the penalty from their goal line ) . 
  unpopular opinion : why is barrett a starting 10 when he ca n't place kick for shit ? 
  yes , best team in the world . 
  yes , expected to win . 
  but australia provides a challenge ( as shown here ) , and those extra six points would be a god send right now . 
  but we need a kicker . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  everyone acts like we 're the all blacks so we do n't need to kick . 
  but instead of double their score , we 'd be triple their score if we had cruden or sopoaga starting . 
  21 * three conversions missed . 
  and was there an early penalty ? 
  i dropped $ 2 on aussie 1-12 at $ 13 , so guarantee you guys wo n't win tonight b/c i never win bets, 
  about fuckin time, 
  haylett-petty changed his line to interfere with savea . 
  did crud 's trip the wallaby or was that just clumsy feet ? 
  is it outplaying if barrett 's just been trash and foley 's been his normal stable self ? 
  final quarter in 90 seconds boys , let the points flow,
