  coeliac diseases affects less than 1 % of people , but the popularity of gluten free as a fad has meant that there are far more gluten free options being produced and sold in regular supermarkets now . 
  france doing this as the 6th biggest economy ( by nations ) in the world , means that an enormous market is created for renewable energy developers . 
   [ cave lion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_extinct_animals_of_the_british_isles ), 
  they 're fucking lions mate . 
  at the casino in my city , the floor is shaped like a long rectangle , with two escalators coming up in the middle of it . 
  when you get off the escalator , you can walk forward , or right . 
  left is blocked by a barrier and there are pokies on the other side . 
  right is about 3m of space making a corridor back to some atms , some elevators , a couple of restaurants , and the hotel entrance . 
  at the edge of that 3m corridor is another barrier with pokies on the other side of it . 
  the only other way to go is forward , and they have a bottleneck there with 4 security guards who check the id on everyone who looks under 30 . 
  that 's a sea lion . 
  casino . 
  what enlightened country are you from ? 
  yeah what the actual fuck, 
  by this stint i meant the current selection , i.e. 
  the lions . 
  a new team will be named for the rugby championship . 
  it 's because expat was the term used by british colonials around the world , especially in south/south east asia ( hong kong , singapore , india ) where they never had a majority of numbers , but were still powerful and in charge . 
  i dunno , there 's a lot of similarities there with christianity . 
  no sex before marriage . 
  no alcohol . 
  mike pence wo n't sit with another woman if his wife is n't present too . 
  theresa may is an anglican and believes in ` boy and girl jobs ' ( yes i know this is n't anywhere near as strict as above , but it shows that we in the west have these roots too and we have n't dismissed them completely . ), 
   `` we had left warm springs for the last time , and the physical therapist there had told my mother : ` your son can walk now . 
  we think he is going to have a normal childhood and a normal life . ', 
  we stopped at a shoe store in lagrange , george , and bought a pair of saddle oxfords ... so i am particularly moved by the fact that we can stand here today and say that polio is essentially eradicated from the face of the earth . '', 
  is n't this a scene from forrest gump ? 
  that one of theresa may actually made me quite sad . 
  she 's tall and standing straight there , but now she always seems to be hunched over a little bit . 
  lol , the coloniser does not have just as much right to be there as the african peoples . 
  ya , but sanders has always seemed like a bit of a eh sort of person . 
  the college fraud , the power theft back in the day , the claims that his civil rights arrest makes him a perfect candidate for black people when it sort of did n't . 
  he 's not exactly come across as scrupulous . 
  corbyn 's practically perfect though . 
  he 's been steadfast the entire time . 
  middle class man who 's worked for everyone around him . 
  and far to the left of bernie . 
  because the passage of a law to end discrimination does n't just end discrimination . 
  i 'm in nz . 
  we 've had a right government for 9 years . 
  our pm was further to the left than obama . 
  you guys are skewed way off . 
  i 'm in new zealand , and i 'm white . 
  i have a right to be here , but definitely not equal to that of m\u0101ori . 
  exciting !, 
  unfortunately , none of those groups colonised the us or europe . 
  but since you mention it , let 's talk about why those groups are in those countries , shall we ? 
  there are a large number of people in europe with origins in asia . 
  look at two of the biggest , france and the uk : in france , there 's half a million people from cambodia , vietnam , and laos alone ; in the uk , there are 2.5 million people with indian and pakistani heritage . 
  now , why would 3 million people from the other end of the continental mass want to come to those two countries ? 
  perhaps more important : how were they able to ? 
  france colonised laos , vietnam , and cambodia , and in doing so had free travel between the colony and the home country . 
  britain had a similar arrangement with pakistan and india . 
  the same occurred in the scramble for africa , with britain claiming territory in the north and south of the continent ( kenya , nigeria , south africa , egypt sudan ) , and france having a wide assortment of interests in the west ( algeria , chad , senegal ) . 
  all these people come to europe , because their countries were irrevocably linked with european powers over a century ago . 
  they are n't colonisers , they are colonised . 
  i do n't know why you said `` in the us or europe '' because the us is also a former colony . 
  hispanic means spanish speaker of latin american descent , so latin americans also have a better claim to parts of the us ( new mexico , california , texas ) than americans of european heritage . 
  no , i plan on sticking around and not acting like i have more status than someone else . 
  but i was n't wrong . 
  you compared colonisers in colonised countries to immigrants . 
  there is a substantial ideological difference between the two . 
   only they have a right to the entire contigeous landmass of africa and the right to marginalize and genocide ethnic minorities . 
  i did n't say that at all . 
  i said they had more right to africa than the descendants of colonising peoples do . 
  and in the particular context that the original op used ( autocthony ) , africans definitely have more claim to africa . 
   because they 're nicer . 
  this is only a proportion of foreigners living in europe . 
  and i have no clue how this is supposed to relate to anything . 
  it had no relevance , but you brought it up . 
  `` so asians are n't meant to be in europe then ? '', 
  it was an example of why asians are in europe - europe colonised the world and established this notion that it was the pinnacle of the world , so people want to go there . 
   they are no longer colonies . 
  no , but they are colonised still . 
  you ca n't remove that . 
  they still speak french , english , spanish , and portugese in countries thousands of miles from france , england , spain , and portugal . 
  they still have the after effects of colonisation . 
   boers were in south africa before the current zulus . 
  boers arrived 1648 . 
  the zulu clan formed around 1700 , separating from the nguni people ( who had been in the area for around 9 centuries already ) . 
  so no , the boers were n't there first . 
  the nguni were , and the zulu are just one of the tribes that arose from the nguni people . 
  so is the nifkin/taint , which is what he was replying to . 
  sure . 
  but if we 're using those rules , the conquered are allowed to fight back , and calling them terrorists is a cop out answer . 
  either you have the right to land by conquest , and people have the right to resist , or you acknowledge that conquest was wrong , and then you can complain about people fighting back . 
  ca n't have it both ways ,, 
  yes . 
  i know . 
  that 's why i 'm saying that . 
  if they deserve the land , then they do n't get to complain about the anc being terrorists . 
  which is what this thread began with . 
  i really do n't need a crash course in imperialism . 
  alpine mints being peak quality is a hell of a pun too . 
  because imperialism erases and marginalises cultures . 
  it brings benefits , but it also brings negative consequences that are far reaching . 
  yes . 
  once again , i do n't need a crash course in imperialism . 
  you 're literally just listing off reasons why it 's a bad thing , yet asking me why i 'm against it . 
  nah , you 're spot on .
