  do americans even do those ? 
  do n't people still have to work on thanksgiving ? 
  is n't that what the sales and shit are all about ? 
  it 's cool how you point to one newspaper which has long been known for its bias and attachment to business interests as a sign that our press is n't free . 
  i heard that the reid poll actually only called one household in clutha , but it was a catholic family with a bunch of kids so they just stopped polling after that . 
  strat vote greens . 
  labour is assured in , and have high numbers . 
  but the greens top 10 mps are better than labour 's 40-50 , so if you ( a ) want a labour government and ( b ) want a qualified government , voting greens is in your interest . 
  is a username pun required for all amputees ? 
  no dude , you need two metal arms to clink them . 
  that 's old , he got permanently banned from twitter for that awhile back . 
  i 'm all good with it . 
  brock turner should be in prison too . 
  lol it 's not bending and abusing the rules . 
  he 's on bail . 
  he 's required to act a certain way . 
  you ca n't say `` i 'll give you $ 5k to snatch hillary 's hair '' and then claim it 's a joke when you 've ( a ) sexually harassed a woman for so long you got a life ban from a social media platform and ( b ) made your fame on outrageous uses of money , like buying wu tang 's album . 
  he has a [ record of persistent harassment ] ( https://www.theverge.com/2017/5/4/15545742/martin-shkreli-twitter-suspended-twitter-new-account ) . 
  as you can see in that article , he also has a history of doing stupid things with money , such as buying exclusive albums for fun and drip feeding them . 
  he likes to use his wealth to show off in ostentatious ways . 
  so when he says `` i will give $ 5,000 to the person who brings me some of hillary clinton 's hairs . '', 
  how the fuck do you not consider that both serious and a threat ? 
  even worse , how can you be so dim that even if you considered it a joke , you would n't see the potential for someone to take it seriously ? 
  he offered money for the commission of a crime - that 's a crime in itself . 
  there 's more than one newspaper in this country you idiot . 
  there 's a lot more news sources too . 
  [ if annoying him counts as rejecting his advances publicly because she 's married , then sure . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/09/martin-shkreli-suspended-from-twitter-for-alleged-harrassment-of-lauren-duca ), 
  mate , if you 've got a problem with women not accepting advances from randos they 've never met , sidle on over to / r/redpill . 
  i do n't give a fuck for your defenses of this dickhead . 
  [ except she did n't fucking say that , why are you defending a serial harasser ?? 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/laurenduca/status/817040025078681600 ), 
  * because he sent her a private message asking her out when she was married , and when she said no , he photoshopped his face onto photos of her and her husband so it looked like they were a couple , then he continued to send her messages . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you, 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of a both sides punished policy outside of the us though ? 
  when people had fights or instances of bullying at my school you got given detention for an hour and told to piss off and leave them alone . 
  [ here 's an entire episode . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifu5-4cfb50 ), 
  [ here 's billie piper deciding which one was better to kiss ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=705brgoy6lu ), 
  as i understand it , the m\u0101ori party worked with national because they saw a voice at the table as better than no voice at all . 
  i think they 're more open to working with labour than they might have been in the past because there has been a few cycles since the two split , and the membership who * were * labour has diluted . 
  better to have a kid high on e than dead from a reaction to badly made drugs . 
  here 's the thing . 
  it 's actually manateeth . 
  i 've had the ocular migraines before . 
  i 've had probably two this year . 
  maybe one other one a few years back . 
  i 've never had the painful migraine , and i 've had maybe one headache in my entire life . 
  if you 're having the ocular ones alone , i think it 's a separate phenomenon entirely . 
  curious , what could possibly happen to change your mind ? 
  i voted early because i came across an early polling station unexpectedly and had 5min spare . 
  top comment :, 
   lol perfect score 5/7 get it ? 
  hehe i doubt you would its a reference to an inside joke shared between me and millions of other people . 
  # 2 comment :, 
   if only somebody had answered their question 4 hours before you did in a less condescending way . 
  oh wait , they did, 
  verdict : asshole . 
  i 'm probably missing a vital piece of information here , but how come i have to pay for water in the city but farmers kick up a fuss when they 're asked to ? 
  piping and what not , that makes sense . 
  so i guess the labour proposed tax is to cover the volume of water they 're removing ? 
  they 're both enforcing law i guess , but one is upholding a right , while the other is removing a right . 
  where does my water tank collect water from ? 
  cost to treat per litre . 
  is it legal to discriminate against gender ? 
  no , but they 're discriminating against them for being a man or a woman , which are genders . 
  thanks . 
  which brings me to my point : farmers are n't irrigating their fields from their gutters are they ? 
  pretty miffed that i decided i could n't be bothered going to the game now . 
  christ , what a set of plays by beauden and aaron . 
  i love how shag goes to jot down some notes then goes `` oh fuck , i 'm on the telly , better clap for the boys '' * claps *, 
  nice of the boks to keep up the tradition of the all blacks dropping a tonne on every team they play at north harbour, 
   you do n't . 
  it 's perfectly within your rights to install a water tank and septic system . 
  this guy acted as if paying water dues was optional , because we have the choice to take water from rainfall . 
  but farmers do n't take water from rainfall , and it means they 're using up ground water sources at a far faster rate than a regular family . 
  if they 're taking it from water ways or bores they 're not, 
  qbe 's easy as piss to leave . 
  you just park in the mall carpark instead of at the stadium . 
  those parks are for bait for the out of towners . 
  most of us have made up for it by supporting super rugby teams other than the crusaders . 
  it means we 've had a great deal of disappointment over the past twenty years !, 
  three of us have only won in the last 5 years , while the blues have n't won anything in over a decade !, 
  holy fuck i 'd be terrified to be at the bottom of that pile on, 
  no i meant three . 
  hurricanes , highlanders and chiefs have only won recently . 
  no , but it can be a hell of a lot more reliable than plugging a bad question into google and getting 90 million conspiracy sites, 
  wait , your response to abused women wanting a safe haven with no men is `` we need to go to shelters where women do n't want us '' ?? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you lol, 
  his controversial comments have him calling podesta , hillary , and obama paedophiles . 
  he has another one where he says he chose to be straight because he did n't feel like choosing to be gay . 
  this is n't even a tech thing though . 
  they had a conversation and got overheard in the cafe next door . 
  that 's like me planning a murder at krispy kreme and being surprised when the cops in the next booth arrest me, 
  those lists of stupid lifehacks that do n't actually benefit anyone always have one tip about putting a car remote under your chin to extend the range . 
  this one actually works . 
  lock my car from twice the distance without having to backtrack when i forget . 
  it 's great . 
  i mean , i downloaded a yify version and watched it on a laptop and i quite enjoyed it . 
  i think the 3d spectacle attracted a lot of people at first , but that gimmick inflated the quality of the movie when it was discussed afterwards .
