  remind them at every turn that they 're not lefties/liberals . 
  because they willingly overthrew a leftist government in favour of an oppressive one . 
   they all viscerally hated hrc . 
   there are still `` lock her up ! '', 
  signs in half the lawns around town . 
  this proves that it was n't that hillary was unqualified , or anything reasonable , just that she was smeared so heavily by the right . 
  you 're in seattle . 
  you 're driving to los angeles to make your fortune as an actor . 
  it 's going to be wild . 
  you 've planned it for months . 
  you 've posted about it on facebook and everyone 's excited . 
  you have a big sendoff at your home on the north side of the city , then you set off south . 
  as you 're driving through the city centre , an old flame texts you . 
  you loved her , but she broke your heart . 
  `` where are you ? 
  i wanted to say goodbye before you went . '', 
  `` i 'm leaving now '' , you reply . 
  but you 're still in the cbd . 
  you 're in the act of leaving . 
  you know you 're leaving . 
  she thinks you 're at the city limits . 
  words mean different things to different people , and i could have explained all of this in one sentence . 
  you mentioned feminism , which means it is about her being a woman . 
  russia is big country , huge , many many people , many many relations . 
  in russia , you know , you know boris , and maybe boris know vladimir , and so you know vladimir and share vodka and he is become your cousin , then vladimir move to america and you know , is also big country , and then one day you get phone call , say `` hey niko it 's roman , let 's go bowling ! '', 
  but you do not know roman , but you go with it because is russia , is big country , and bowling is fun, 
  honestly , not fussed . 
  not wild and unkempt , but anything goes . 
  landing strip ? 
  sure . 
  shaven ? 
  sure . 
  styled triangle ? 
  perfect . 
  dyed and bedazzled exotic shape of pubes ? 
  why not . 
  rom-coms and tv dramas . 
  oh and baking . 
  first , the films . 
  i do n't know why they 're stereotypically feminine , but guys who adhere to that belief are missing out big time . 
  they 're just so feel good and cheery . 
  you know those pictures of comfy homes , with roaring fires and snow outside the window , and it 's just the snuggliest place ever ? 
  those feelings that picture evokes ? 
  that 's what romcoms do . 
  and the tv too . 
  gossip girl !, 
  the oc !, 
  gilmore girls !, 
  gah , it just draws you in so well , and all of a sudden you 're living it up with rory and partying with serena and blair and it 's not even amazing writing , it 's just good fun . 
  i feel like baking should be self explanatory , but it 's not for some reason . 
  cupcakes ? 
  delicious . 
  easy . 
  they 're like $ 5 a pop at a shop , and you can make 12 at home for $ 10 max . 
  who * would n't * want a constant supply of top quality cookie dough , or brownie , or cake . 
  $ 40 for a good cake from a cake shop ? 
  $ 10 for a better cake at home and you can eat it all in front of the tv with * how to lose a guy in 10 days * and * definitely , maybe * . 
  endless holidays/unemployment . 
  it looks amazing , but if you do n't be careful about how you spend the time , it feels wasted , and you end up regretting how you used the days . 
  i think a lot of people probably fall into that trap , and end up being lazy , but too lazy to do what they 'd really like to do . 
  instead of a cycle holiday through the countryside where they live , it becomes a slothful life on a couch with a newspaper . 
  instead of exploring new places , it 's traipsing down familiar alleys and lanes to the same hole in the wall bar , and feeling as if life is n't quite giving you enough . 
  having the time to be lazy has the potential to be good , but a lot of people end up being too lazy to do anything and ruin it . 
  when i was about 8 , i knew that if i turned my head sideways , i could look out of the corner of my eyes to see straight ahead . 
  using the power of logic , i deduced that if i looked straight ahead , no one would be able to tell that i was actually watching all around the room . 
  i tested this in class one day , and while sitting on the mat , i managed to distract myself for a good five minutes until my teacher snapped my name . 
  i pulled my eyes back to her and said `` yes ? '', 
  and she told me off for not paying attention . 
  i was stunned that she figured this out and it took me awhile to click that maybe my eyes were visibly moving . 
  i also had the brilliant idea that you ca n't see shadows and light on your face . 
  so i decided to use my fancy watch to reflect the sunlight onto my teacher 's eyes while she was talking , thinking it 'd be funny . 
  in the thirty seconds before she nearly ripped my arms out of their sockets and murdered me , i got extremely accurate and managed to keep it on her eyes constantly . 
  as i mentioned , she put a stop to it quite quickly when she saw i was too stupid to realise she knew what i was doing . 
  same teacher actually . 
  i 'd be so fucking impressed, 
  i 'm not saying it 's a waste of time , i 'm saying you end up feeling like it 's a waste of time . 
  i 'm guessing it 's because those are the things you do in your spare time when you work forty hours . 
  but then you 're not working forty hours , so that stuff fills the gaps , and now you 're watching tv and movies and playing video games 7 days a week . 
  so what 's changed ? 
  in terms of activity , you 've dropped work , that 's all . 
  and the reason that 's bad is that the only thing you 're left with is what you used to do in those scraps of time when you did n't have the energy for a whole lot else . 
  so you begin to feel a bit like you never have energy , because that low-energy scraps of time activity is now your 24/7 activity . 
  lol , you literally spelled it out though . 
  `` it 's about how liberals allow a voice for blm , feminism , the rights of illegal immigrants , and do n't do enough for suburban rural white people . '', 
  the way you 've framed this means suburban/rural whites are n't happy because they 're not having their needs addressed but these groups are . 
  which means that we have an us and them situation where something given to these groups , does n't affect sub/rural whites . 
  so suburban rural whites are n't benefited by blm . 
  i 'll give them that . 
  they are n't benefited by illegal immigrants having rights . 
  i 'll give them that too . 
  but feminism ? 
  feminism benefits everyone except misogynists . 
  so they are benefited by that . 
  their wives and daughters get better education and career opportunities , they 'll be safer , they 'll be viewed more equally . 
  and then following on you had your little bit about them wanting black people to fall in line , which i think you 're right on . 
  but it means they also want illegal immigrants to fall in line , and fuck off . 
  it means they want women to fall in line , and be subservient to men , bc that 's the opposite of feminism . 
  so if women are subservient to men , they would n't be ruling over men , which leads us to ... 
  i 'll let you finish it . 
  i 'm going to need a link or something .
