  it was written in 1958 and is an older kid 's / young teen 's book , but it 's so ridiculously wholesome and good everyone should read it . 
  yeah , for several reasons . 
  firstly , derulo 's song uses the sample as the hook , but in heap 's song it was just the bridge , and only appears once . 
  secondly , it 's the name of derulo 's song , so it will come up in searches more frequently . 
  lastly , his song is more mainstream , and gets a lot more plays on radio because it 's more upbeat . 
  heap 's is good , but before the bridge it 's not really a radio song so it stays quite niche . 
  yeah exactly . 
  * hide and seek * is quite mournful and builds up to the quicker tempo of the bridge ( where ` whatcha say ' is ) . 
  but derulo 's version lays a quicker pop beat over the top of the sample from the start , which makes it sound a bit more cheery , and turns it into a banger and an awesome sing along tune . 
  sounds like you need to start following the points guy ( google him ) . 
  i do n't live in the states so i do n't have all the deals that he tracks down but that dude flies around the world for free because of the card deals he finds . 
   by the time you reach your mid 20 's university will accept you anyway . 
  this is shit advice . 
  no they wo n't . 
  they still have entry requirements . 
  ( speaking from experience . ), 
  edit : i do n't know why this is being downvoted . 
  i dropped out , i had no quals , i now have been through university . 
  all this happened in the last ten years , and it has n't changed . 
  you will not get automatically accepted to university just because you 're in your twenties . 
  they will ask you to show an ability to succeed , either through practical work place experience , or through a foundation course they offer to bring you up to speed . 
  the foundation courses are usually a semester , which means 6 months where you have to fit work in around an unfriendly timetable . 
  this is n't possible for a lot of people who have kids , low income jobs , a sick family member etc. 
  op should not be making decisions like this with the advice `` when you hit your 20s , they 'll let you in ! '', 
  because they wo n't . 
   in my early 20 's i signed up for the new start program uoa provides which is one class a week for 10-12 weeks and if you pass that and you get guaranteed admission into the university . 
  if you ca n't pass that then you know for sure you do not belong in university at that time . 
  so what you 're saying is they do still have requirements . 
  cool , thanks for confirming what i said . 
  i 'm a high school drop out with a post-grad degree because i did new start , but to tell this kid that he can just go to uni when he 's in his 20s without needing to do any work is bullshit . 
  there are still requirements to get in . 
  you have to do a bridging course , or show you 're capable of doing the work , or go back and get your ue . 
   her points of view are massively out of touch with reality, 
  ever played a game where a chick uses voice comms ? 
  it 's pretty heinous . 
  i 'm saying that the vast majority of men who play video games and use voice comms will immediately become assholes of a different sort when they find out they 're playing opposite a woman instead of a man . 
  when i piss someone off ingame ? 
  `` shut the fuck up dickhead . '', 
  when a chick i 've been playing with does ? 
  `` suck my cock whore . '', 
  when my voice gets heard on mic ? 
  `` oooh listen to that accent boys , we got a kiwi ! '', 
  when my friend 's voice gets heard ? 
  `` oi do n't be mean to her hey do you want to team up now '', 
   the cops arrived and told him to stop , he did n't . 
  this seems reasonable tbh , unless they were there within 30 seconds in which case yeah , not long enough . 
  you think freedom might actually remember to ban puck this game ? 
  edit : my stream dropped so i posted this and i came back and they did \\ o /, 
  so ti3 was the first one i watched , and i remember this chinese team using anti mage and it was the first time i 'd ever spec 'd him being played ( and ingame i was a zeus main so i was * really * convinced am was cheating when he blew me up ) . 
  and as i watched this chinese player smash out the radiant in this game with am , i wanted to be am !, 
  so i went and found a guide on dotafire and started playing , and now he 's my top played , and i get compliments on him and stuff and it 's great . 
  but today , i went to look up ti3 and find out who it was . 
  i remembered the team was tong fu , so i looked through all their matches , and they only used am once !, 
  against na ` vi . 
  and it was tongfu.hao and now i 've found out he 's still around , and this is my long as fuck story about hao and am . 
  yeah i know . 
  when i was looking through the tongfu lineup for 2013 i was trying to figure out who it was but none of them had am as most played . 
  i ended up going through game by game , and hao had just picked am as a counter to na ` vi 's 4 int hero lineup . 
  they did n't pick him again . 
  i did n't know this at the time of course , i just assumed that the first guy i 'd ever seen play am on a tournament stream was the best ever, 
  really interesting watching chinese dota , compared to na dota , compared to eu dota , and seeing how they all have different heroes they care about . 
  like china just does n't seem to give a fuck about lina/qop here, 
  ... but it was n't picked in the chinese qualifier games ... which i was watching ... and commenting in a thread about ? 
   if anything you should see it as them fighting for the freedom of the innocent people that were unlucky enough to born into these barbaric cultures . 
  man , you really bought into the propaganda did n't you ? 
  wonder what it 's like being told that your entire way of life is barbaric , and that those guys from across the sea are so much better than you . 
  you missed that scary as shit plant with the leaves that cause you so much pain you want to kill yourself !, 
   sometimes it gets hard to figure out which side someone is on when they complain about , i dunno , manspreading or something . 
  ok fuck this shit so hard a guy did it to me ( also a guy ) the other day and holy fuck i wanted to punch him like dude get the fuck out of my personal space . 
  worse ? 
  he did it when i got there first, 
  i absolutely see how this is a problem, 
  it took me until this comment to realise that the joke was uber not tinder . 
  eh , there was a forward pass on the other side of the field , so as long as they got called up on one i 'm fine . 
  red ? 
  edit : called it , adios sbw !, 
  he was n't . 
  fuck off , no he did n't . 
  sbw was in the wrong , kerr-barlow 's one was completely different . 
  sbw 's was an intentional shoulder into the face . 
  tkb 's barely even counted as no-arms , and if halfpenny had n't slipped it would have been around the chest , * which is a perfectly legal tackle * . 
  it 's knocked him out for next week , but yeah , he 'll be back in the rugby championship . 
  ( there is n't one ), 
  that lions take off the kickoff ( after it went 6-3 ) looked like a knock on/forward pass from the catcher ? 
  how 'd they manage that, 
  this is the one . 
  this is the one that made me subscribe, 
  great comment lad . 
  one mistake taints a player for his entire career !, 
  hottest temperature , chuck it in , leave it 3 minutes , turn it over , 3 minutes more , pull it out . 
  dark brown outside , nice and pink in the middle . 
  edit : olive oil it up before you toss it in , liberally season with salt and pepper on the board while oiling . 
  chuck some butter and smashed garlic in the pan after the 6 minutes and then spoon that over the steak for the final 30sec while moving the steak around a bit and it 's delicious . 
  lmao , get over yourself . 
  lions won , well done . 
  it 's a series , you need 2 wins . 
  it 's one game we 've lost , against a team that is far stronger than a lot of us expected . 
  the all blacks are still the best team in the world , so why would we be salty . 
  i get what you 're saying , but we saw in the tawera kerr-barlow situation that it 's possible to use your arms in an almost shoulder charge situation . 
  sbw did n't have his arm extended at all .
