  pewdiepie is an established personality . 
  this group was created mid-january . 
  pdp has his own history of whatever , and fans who support him for other things . 
  this group literally has nothing . 
  at the moment , this group is a gathering point for white supremacists , and there 's nothing to prevent that . 
   fuck me , it 's like you think unless he was pm at the time he might as well have been freezing on mars for the last thirty years . 
  he would be more useful there . 
  he 'd probably still find a way to bash the eu while taking their money . 
  he 's the biggest fucking hypocrite in politics . 
  here 's your original comment . 
   never doing anything of value ? . . 
  you may not value it , but half of the uk does . 
  your entire argument is predicated upon nigel 's value being found in brexit . 
  * nigel did n't achieve brexit therefore brexit can not contribute to nigel 's value . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  never had an issue on queen st. you just walk around people ? 
   what we as kiwi 's are taught in school about ` most ' south african history is not entirely accurate , and very one sided . 
  what 're we taught ? 
  what 's the truth ? 
  have a peek through the south africans in nz facebook groups . 
  there 's quite a few . 
  they 're pretty heinous . 
  pro-trump/le pen , anti-immigration ( really ? 
  ) , they love winston , even though winston would turf them all out . 
  it 's really amazing . 
  he 's wearing a tracer tee , best hero confirmed . 
  some of that sounds fair , but it also sounds like a bit of revisionism and blame shifting going on . 
  i 've walked into an afrikaans church before and heard everyone pleasantly speaking afrikaans , breaking to say hello in english to my friend and i. 
  it was really nice . 
  then our other friend walked in ( he 'd stopped to tie a shoelace ) , and he was a black south african . 
  people stare . 
  they stop talking , or lower their voices enormously . 
  so i would n't put the blame solely on the english in this instance . 
  depends which one you go to tbh . 
  most south africans are probably great . 
  but you ca n't deny that there seems to be a substantial number who fled here after apartheid came down and have some really scary ideas . 
  what do you mean by character design ? 
  the background lore ? 
  or the actual stuff her character does ? 
   so when the mccree spouts off his ult voice line , i can rarely find cover ( or the mccree , for that matter ) . 
  do n't worry about finding mccree , chances are he 's in a place with good visibility , so just jump behind the nearest object ( even if it 's the payload ) , and crouch . 
  once you 're there , you 're covered from at least 50 % of angles . 
  then you can quickly look around if he has n't shot yet and find him and reassess . 
  but first rule is always find the nearest object , and crouch . 
  if you 're playing healer , i 'd say go with lucio or ana . 
  lucio is easy to play the basics of ( yellow beams and hit e ) . 
  ana lets you heal from a distance which might work well for you if you 're not noticing flankers , could be a problem if you have bad aim . 
  i found mercy/zenyatta to be the hardest to use off the bat . 
  i do n't think / u/seringol 's advice is the best if you 're feeling a bit overwhelmed , but it depends on how confident you are . 
  my best advice would be to know the maps . 
  when you know the maps , you 're more aware because it 's background info and you wo n't have to think `` where am i going '' because it 's natural . 
  if you feel confident with that , move on to seringol 's first post . 
  ugh , * browns bay *, 
  how would hanzo be representative of the entire cast ? 
  or roadhog ? 
  or rein ? 
  or lucio ? 
  further than that even - no non-whites . 
  the posts i saw were south africans talking in afrikaans about people who come here without knowing the culture , and here 's these idiots chatting away in afrikaans as if that 's more kiwi than the chinese families who have been here a century and a half . 
  bluee ? 
  well fuck, 
  sopoaga wants that abs jersey, 
  holy shit they held it up how, 
  get shit passes , make shit catches . 
  are you kidding ? 
  half the passes to him today have been at his knees . 
  this is turning into a fucking penalty circus, 
  made sense really . 
  if they had got it there was no penalty to win for the crusaders, 
  welp looks like my happiness bet will be paying off, 
  oh fuck it 's all on now, 
  yeah , fair point . 
  i 'm a bit disappointed they did n't just ruck it down the field and hope for the best but oh well . 
   thinks all muslims are in isis, 
  op followed up with `` he voted for brexit '' so this sounds likely lol, 
  was that stomp intentional ? 
  i thought he tripped over rooney as he jumped, 
  i ~ ~ think ~ ~ know it 's the second team , not the third . 
  yeah dude , that 's your second side . 
  you have the pumas , then you have this team . 
  the second team is the most prominent national team behind the firsts . 
  new zealand : all blacks , then nz maori . 
  no it 's not , it 's the seconds . 
  stop doing this . 
  it is the official second international side of argentina . 
  it does n't matter if they toss shit fourth string players in , it 's the second international team . 
  i was watching and he shoots his deagle like i do when i 'm lagging , and if i tried that in a pub i 'd be dead before the first round hit . 
  it 's so slow and precise !, 
  the maori all blacks are nzs second team - they 're the ones we send to tournaments like the churchill cup . 
  the selection criteria does n't matter . 
  bit extreme . 
  they should lose the bikes for exceeding noise limits . 
  is it just me , or were those not the worst jokes ever ? 
  q : did you get a maid ? 
  a : sorta, 
  * howard appears as a housewife *, 
  which is funny because ( a ) howard is n't a cooking type , ( b ) howard is pretty sexist , so this reverses this , and ( c ) howard knows all of this and is ashamed . 
  penny : hey if you 're still looking to make money , i will pay you to burn that jacket . 
  funny because ( a ) it 's a horrible jacket , and ( b ) , it 's snarky, 
  kuthrapali : i 'm not going to comic con this year,
