  they come down to the mistakes made by australia . 
  if you win a game because of another team 's constant errors , you 're not necessarily deserving . 
  except he did n't knock it up , or even try to get under it . 
  he stuck his hand out to act like a wall . 
  i saw the other try scotland got from an intercept : it was perfect . 
  maitland 's was a shit attempt , and i bet you anything he was kicking himself in the following 10min because he knew exactly what he 'd done . 
  watch the video in the reply to my first comment . 
  he puts his hand out to stop the ball and nothing else . 
  after the ball hits , he moves his hand away , not toward it . 
  that 's not how you catch a ball . 
  if it 's a penalty , it 's automatically a card . 
  except they were absolutely right to do that . 
  he made the decision ** as he saw it without the use of replays ** . 
  joubert stood by it , and you know what ? 
  half the world thought that was an offside first time round . 
  so he was right . 
  but what did he get for that ? 
  people tossing bottles at him from the crowd , death threats , and public vilification . 
  you 're damn right the ref 's union closed ranks , because if they left him out in the cold to be treated like that , then what happens the next time someone screws up a call ? 
  and it will happen , there 's no doubt about that . 
  are we ? 
  after this weekend and barnes ' performances so far , i 'm feeling a bit past it . 
  probably because ( a ) the tmo could n't be used at the end and ( b ) the tmo could be used at the maitland knock on . 
  it was an intentional knock down . 
  i still think it was , because hindsight and replays are lovely but on first look , it was an offside to me . 
   it is important to clarify that , under the protocols , the referee could not refer to the television match official in this case and therefore had to rely on what he saw in real time . 
   it is a ruse to get the tmo involved . 
  yes , dishonesty is the perfect way to referee games . 
  excellent point . 
  i 've only just woken up and i 'm 3 hours ahead of australia . 
  so there 's that . 
  also , i saw a good many australians who were arguing that the yellow card was wrong ( it was n't ) , and that it should have been a scrum . 
  so how about you quit talking about sore losers and consensus on something that half the rugby world is split over . 
  a scum resulting in a bernard foley drop goal ? 
  penalties are n't down to the skill of the team taking them - they 're resultant of the infringements made by the other team . 
  if the touchies had an opinion , they would have told him . 
  that 's what touchies do . 
  few points :, 
  * joubert was right to send off maitland , that has n't been pointed out by world rugby as an issue . 
  * joubert was also right to award the penalty * in the circumstances . 
  * the rule was followed , and acted upon , by what he saw . 
  it was a mistaken call , but for most people whose opinions i 've heard , they considered it offside on first viewing , * which is the only viewing you 're allowed to have in making that call . 
  * calls for joubert to be banned from somewhere , to be sent home , or to lose his job are excessive . 
  you should n't be crucified by the public for a mistake that 99 % of people would make . 
  * scotland fucked a line-out horribly , and could have managed it much better . 
  * australia had foley , giteau , beale , and ashley-cooper on the field , and a drop goal after a scrum was highly likely to be successful . 
  another penalty could have been awarded even , since there was time on the clock still . 
  sort of i guess . 
  he got it wrong , but he called it as he saw it , which is all he can do . 
  oh , i was talking about the offside/knock on incident . 
  if you 're trying to connect an off the ball incident to that to get a tmo review of something that was n't foul play , then you wo n't fine sympathy from me . 
  jesus , his hair looks like a bleached possum clawing at his head . 
  drew mitchell on the kicker ? 
  the only video i saw was in slow motion and looked like he was trying to slow himself from sprinting into the guy . 
  it 's not an issue of competence . 
  nearly everyone agrees it looks offside from the first viewing . 
  people complained about the tmo in the first match for interfering . 
  now they 're complaining that it 's not used in a match where the rules say it should n't be , because they lost . 
  what do you want ? 
  to scrap the tmo completely ? 
  an intentional knock on is foul play . 
  it 's playing with the purpose of disrupting play and progress . 
  that 's why it 's a yellow card . 
  go to 12.1 ( f ) at [ this page ] ( http://laws.worldrugby.org/?law=12&amp;language=en ) . 
  maitland did n't have a hope in hell of catching it . 
  there was a case in the last year or two where a referee overturned a decision because he saw something on the big screen which was n't allowed to be reviewed by the tmo , but whoever was in control of replays had put it up . 
  it caused quite a bit of a stir . 
  if it happened in a world cup qf , i can imagine the outcry would be far larger . 
  edit : it happened in the first game , england vs. fiji . 
  of course no one cares about that . 
  they did defend him . 
  they said the rules stated one thing , but he operated as he is supposed to with what was in front of him . 
  [ no he did n't . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rugbyunion/comments/3p98jp/nice_refresher_on_joubert_2011_rwc_performance/cw48vwk ), 
  yeah that 's what looks off to me , he 's plainly coming from the side . 
  as a kiwi , i do n't know what i like more : the praise , or the banter . 
  amazingly , the white guy seems to be a completely reasonable bloke for the [ part of the video i watched ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9qgpjtjrx4 ) . 
  in fact , they all seem to be in agreement . 
  which competition was that ? 
  i 'd love a link to a video of that , or a time in the game that i can go to . 
  14 years :'), 
  especially with aac , foley , beale , and giteau on the field . 
  cheika could have even swapped off a prop and put cooper on for a 5th kicker . 
  couple of observations :, 
  * harmon finished up his rant with something about the guy 's parents staying together if he was n't such a waste of space . 
  seems telling . 
  * yeah , he 's going through a divorce . 
  but is it any wonder ? 
  * what gets me most is that he 's not attacking a troll , he 's attacking someone who seems to be a genuine fan . 
  more than that , a genuine fan who said something was a bad idea ( when harmon as much admitted that it was average at best ) . 
  * his friend ( ? 
  ) / colleague sixler is enabling . 
  toxic as fuck , and hopefully this gets picked up by media and they slaughter him for it . 
  i did see the `` what i was saying was '' tweet , which would have been hilarious if he 'd only said one nasty thing . 
  if it was another dude , all good . 
  my main point is that harmon 's chucking out divorce shit . 
  no , i think the media should call him out for being a massive asshole . 
  because what he did was abuse . 
  if that happens between two spouses , it 's domestic abuse . 
  it was out of line .
