  i could n't hear the players in the first ~ 20 min until they got really excited over something , and that was kind of all you need . 
  i do n't care about hearing a player saying that abaddon has this item now , so look out . 
  i 'm ok with hearing the casters walking me through the early game , and pointing out things i would n't otherwise notice , or might miss . 
  to me , the laning stage is a learning stage . 
  but then the casters went quiet and we got the players , and that was the point it was needed because now we got to the teamfights and the strategies being quickly sketched out and that was where i wanted to hear the player perspectives . 
  and i think that 's a nice division between caster and player voices . 
  so 10/10 valve , fuckin ' loved it . 
  i 'm 67 in december and let me tell you this , in my day we did n't have streamers , we had riverers , they used to sail from here to mississippi twice a week , and four times in summer when the winds were up . 
  i was a riverer once , because that 's what we did in those days . 
  i gave it up when the rudder got sniped off my vessel by an outlaw up a sidestream north of johnsonville . 
  where you getting these 15 min games at, 
  damn , you trying to enjoy these pics for longer than 10seconds or something ? 
  who cares about the quality when you can see the detail, 
  could be like a delta . 
  lots of little islands like the marshy area north west of quarry, 
  apparently you should sit inside a building mate !, 
  i 'll agree , but change offlaners to kids that know they 'll come back , safe laners to kids that think so but are n't sure , and mids to kids that throw a tantrum and cling to the gate on the way out . 
  tell ya what , i bet a lot of americans wish they 'd had a dynasty this time . 
  hillary , chelsea , jeb all would have been better than the sack of nectarines you got . 
  he said it was good lol ... 
  you 're annoying as fuck . 
  i only called the clintons a dynasty bc that 's what most people here used as one of their not her reasons . 
  burning got sniped so hard . 
  they banned all the physical damage/retrieval heroes in prep too . 
  / u/kiwijoangg we 're going to need an answer on this , the aussies have got people all over ti and we have n't found anyone yet !, 
  thank god we do n't have any other cartoony heroes , like a two headed ogre that has arguments about who gets to operate the legs , or a trio of goblins that blow themselves up semi-regularly, 
  the lantern is obviously the will o ' the wisp too, 
  and will-o ' - the-wisps were creepy lights in lanterns used to lure travellers into the swamps and marshes and kill them !, 
  sort of like the lights in the hands of the dead in lord of the rings when sam and frodo hit the dead marshes with gollum . 
  also referenced in harry potter with the hinkypunks in lupin 's class in prisoner of azkaban . 
  could be some sort of two stage ability ( release the will-o ' - the-wisp , trigger it when someone comes near ) or an automatic one like arc warden 's little electric stinger chap . 
  he was making feints the whole time too . 
  there were at least 3 occasions where the bot began a raze , then cancelled it after dendi retreated . 
  dendi looked like he lasted longer than some of them tbh, 
  and when sumail was asked who he wanted to win , he named a team that had never won before because he did n't want a brand to get first two wins . 
  but he has been a good host lol, 
  i think it 's the opposite for a lot of us . 
  we do n't know why you 'd prefer james . 
  i would tune into the stream and never turn it off tbh . 
  if day9 did n't talk on the first day it would have been even more fucked because everyone except ppd looked to him for their cues on what to talk about . 
  he has a list of things to do in front of him , including shill for newbie stream , welcome new players , all of which he has to do once every 30 min or so , and then he has to make the others talk which is n't always an easy task if they 're not dominant speakers like ppd . 
  what do you mean by taunt ? 
  i hear that and i think of the little dances but you and / u/healzsham both described it like that, 
  this is cringey , but please , bring back james and let him tell us about jerking off in a hotel room alone !, 
  i wonder if it 's because day9 is a naturally exuberant person and everyone else is kind of introverted, 
  oh of course , did n't even think of it like that . 
  thanks !, 
  strip searches are done by an officer of the same gender and afaik you usually get your clothes back . 
  if you do n't get your clothes back , it 's quite humiliating , and would probably qualify as cruel or unusual . 
  funny how reddit loves free speech and expression until it 's a muslim woman wearing a headscarf . 
  what happened to innocent until proven guilty ? 
  it 's tales mate . 
  maybe you should learn the language before using it to critique others . 
  juries make mistakes , bad people go loose , and if that happens , you 're going to risk sentencing a victim to double the time because they could n't prove anything ? 
  this is amazing . 
  if i want to go into the bush it 's in shorts and a tshirt , maybe even bare feet if it 's spur of the moment . 
  glad we do n't have plague bugs here, 
  what if it was a skillshot that forced a random ability to be used ? 
  you send it at a zeus , pudge , and sand king and it forces out lightning bolt , hook , and earthquake ? 
  instead of a full cooldown though you only get 50 % of it . 
  so epicentre out for 50 seconds . 
  but it would still do the damage , so if you send out the skillshot and your team is near , they can still get damaged by the abilities, 
  you 're a real piece of work , you know that ? 
  what sort of scumbag refers to raising awareness of the shortcomings of the benefit as an `` attempt to profit '' ? 
  oh come on , half the fucking country 's committed benefit fraud . 
  it 's still nothing . 
  how do you prove an accusation fabricated ? 
  that sounds like it would look the same as an unverified accusation . 
  ~ ~ how was the blogger in this case proven to have fabricated an accusation ? ~ ~, 
  edit : i thought the article ended at an advert but it did n't . 
  my bad , i stopped reading when i thought the article ended at an ad and i did n't continue after the break . 
  i think there are quite a few problems with proving something is fabricated , just as there are with proving people guilty of a crime . 
  evidence can be scarce , and mistakes can ( and do ) happen . 
  overall , op 's comment that people should be given double the sentence for a false accusation is laughable . 
  you mean her item of clothing ? 
  that would constitute clothes ? 
  ok then . 
  damn , less than 12 hours and we 're already calling the new hero a bitch . 
  progressive doto, 
  agi hero , build butterfly and carry !!, 
  quite a few people saying that pangolin might have break or disable as an ability , because he shears off bristleback 's spikes . 
  what if instead of an active ability , pangolin has a passive that negates these * only * for the pangolin ? 
  it could give him immunity to the passive protections of other heroes , e.g. 
  he attacks viper but corrosive skin does n't hit him , he attacks bristle from behind , but does n't trigger the passive , can hit razor without the slow and shock . 
  there are n't enough heroes for that , so maybe he gets something else out of it , like attack speed or something . 
  idk . 
  also , he 's using a rapier which is a sword noted for its use by * agile * swordsmen rather than powerful ones . 
  agi hero confirmed ? 
  no , because it does n't disable passives , just makes him immune to them . 
  i did n't make the comparison . 
  my man io has been around for millenia , that guy got a son on every plane, 
  no i fucking did n't . 
  km89 made a claim and i pointed out that he was using a stupid comparison precisely because a strip search returns things at the end . 
  i had an idea that i commented elsewhere that i liked but i 've never been good at balancing abilities when i suggest them so feel free to laugh or cry at how bad it is . 
  basically a will-o ' - the-wisp is a deception , right ? 
  and someone suggested it could be a taunt like axe 's call , or a skill like wyvern 's ultimate . 
  i thought what if it was a skillshot of some sort , that puts the wisp into the battle and finds a hero , or multiple heroes in a small radius , and forces them to use an ability . 
  maybe it creates an illusion there which the heroes use abilities on , e.g. 
  invoker turns around and cold snaps something he does n't want to . 
  it would be good because that could clear stuns or silences out of the enemy lineup for 10 seconds or so , maybe 20 , which might buy you time defensively , or give you that edge for a high ground push .
