  hey i 'll entertain this . 
  why else would republicans want to make it hard for people to vote ? 
  it 's even worse than that . 
  a trumpite said i was lying the other day and i went and looked it up . 
  first he said he 'd ban all muslims from entering the united states . 
  later , he expanded his ban to include all countries compromised by islamic terrorism . 
  as if that was n't enough , he gave instances of such countries , listing france and germany among them . 
  could be paranoia over bugs in a room - if he provides a pair of fresh phones for them to use , only one half of the conversation gets bugged . 
  this is a really silly comment to make . 
  firstly , donald trump is an elite . 
  he 's worth over 3 billion dollars . 
  the average american is worth $ 301,000 . 
  the median american is at $ 44,900 . 
  secondly , * the people * are both trump supporters , and hillary supporters . 
  to suggest that the people only support trump , while all hillary supporters are ` elites ' is asinine . 
  thirdly , they would n't be rightful in their anger . 
  they 're * willingly talking about voter intimidation * - ignoring and infringing upon the rights of the people . 
  once they do that , they have no moral or legal standing to be upset about someone else 's actions , least of all a supreme court judge who refuses to recuse herself . 
  this makes a lot of sense . 
  it 's always better to have someone consistent rather than someone who will drop in every now and then with 21 + points in threes because you never know when that streak will come . 
  shit he looks really happy after making that shot , but in the clips from today 's game he looks like a bit of a jerk afterwards . 
  i do n't get this , because in * work * , it 's the chorus ? 
  and each line of ' 6 x works ' is followed by a line of lyrics that is always different ? 
  that 's how most songs work , and you do n't like it ? 
  or superbass , or any of the other songs she does . 
  that woman can rhyme like nobody else , it 's fascinating . 
  disclaimer : i think hillary is great . 
  there are two main parts to the anti-hillary crowd : the valid reasons , and the propaganda . 
  i think the propaganda is driven by people who know the valid reasons but need more , either out of fear that trump 's problems are worse or because they like to stir the pot . 
  the valid reasons centre around hillary ( i 'm gon na call her h now ) and the email scandal . 
  in short , as secretary of state , h was required to use a government email address . 
  the rules around government email are very strict : not to be used for personal matters . 
  so h had a personal email running off a server ( literally a desktop tower ) at her home . 
  now , she is also required by the state department to use a government device to access the government email ( for matters of security , and again , it ca n't be used for personal stuff ) . 
  because of the personal rule , it would mean she needs two devices . 
  one for government , one for personal . 
  h decided she wanted one device , and i 've heard various reasons - she felt awkward with two ( who would n't ? 
  ) , and she 's technologically illiterate ( completely believable considering the grand incompetence of many government departments re : it , as well as many 70 year old people with tech ) . 
  her response then , was to use one device , that was n't government issued , to access both personal and government emails , as well as to use her private email to receive government emails . 
  further , i heard on the this american life podcast that there were issues with government issue devices connecting to wifi on the airforce planes that officials use to travel on , so many people ( h included ) , would use a personal device to do official work because there was no other way to get internet . 
  this also applied to printing stuff , as there were issues with the government email system ( again , this is very believable ) . 
  now a big problem here is that all government emails are to be backed up as records for freedom of information requests . 
  hillary was using her private email to receive government stuff , remember ? 
  so when she backed it up , there was some dodgy stuff involving an aide trying to copy emails from h 's laptop to a new server - but because the aide was n't an it professional , her method of finding official emails was to search the to : / from : fields for . gov addresses , and save only those . 
  this did n't snag any emails sent from personal accounts ( which as we know , many people used b/c of the shitty government email system ) . 
  so after the aide copied thousands of emails across , she then deleted the rest after h said personal ones were n't needed . 
  * but the personal ones were n't all personal * so this is either gross incompetence ( likely ) or malicious behaviour ( unlikely ) . 
  this is unlikely because the fbi found a lot of the deleted ones and there was nothing of concern there . 
  so that deletion is where the `` deleted 33,000 emails '' claim comes from . 
  the `` she believes she 's above the law '' comes from the use of personal accounts ( something which everyone , including colin powell , her predecessor did ) . 
  these are the valid reasons for disliking her . 
  it does smack a bit of elitist behaviour , but we all know old people and we all know how bad they are with tech , so i think it 's worth a think over . 
  the propaganda is the stuff about misuse of funds in haiti , child sex trade , paedophilia , rape , etc. 
  the problem with a lot of these is that ( 1 ) they 're false , and backed up by ridiculous interpretations of wikileaks emails which are biased as fuck , and released by an accused rapist , ( 2 ) they are n't really about h , they 're about her family , and staff - bill , chelsea ( runs the foundation ) , podesta ( cos ) , and ( 3 ) they 're coming out after trump was revealed to have said he sexually assaults women , was accused by 10 different women - including a high profile journalist - of sexual assault , and had a civil charge filed against him for the rape of a minor ( which he 'll go to court for in december ) . 
  a lot of this is spewed by people in thedonald sub , and that 's why it 's quite visible on reddit - still makes it to the top of all most days . 
  the last reason , which is n't valid and nor is it propaganda , is that hillary is a woman , and women make decidedly easy targets for hatred on the internet . 
  this has been proven through the events of ellen pao 's tenure , gamergate , the fappening , and several others . 
  this is far longer than i planned , but hope it helps . 
  nah , because that assumes all other factors are equal . 
  curry is younger and has time ahead of him to get that consistency down . 
  korver 's already peaked and is far below curry 's peak . 
  assume that nba players retire at 36 ( arbitrary number i chose because korver is 35 ) . 
  curry is 28 and has 8 years to get his three pointer consistency sorted . 
  ideally you 'd want it faster , so let 's say 3 years to get sorted , and 5 years of consistent 6 + threes a game is really valuable . 
  korver on the other hand has 1 season left in which to get his threes up to a higher level ( ca n't improve on consistency , but can improve on rate ) . 
  i 'd say curry has the accuracy , he just needs to have his mindset down for every game . 
  all day baby . 
  this is probably true in part , but the military operate differently to civilians , and also , as i said , this is not a problem of hillary 's alone , but one endemic amongst government employees . 
  i also expect military it setups would be far more efficient than government . 
  ... that 's what i said . 
  korver 's old , and his peak is far below where curry 's will ever be , because curry still has seasons to go to improve . 
  my bad , i typed it quite late at night and there 's a disconnect between my thoughts and what i actually put down . 
  i thought my `` no because it assumes all other factors '' comment was enough . 
  edited now, 
   meanwhile my dumb ass terrier ca n't catch a ball , let alone a rodent . 
  this was my dog for ten years , and then the other day we heard a squeal and found him tossing a rat around the yard and catching it as it tried to run over and over . 
  there are quite a few leos in here who seem to think it 's a bad choice . 
  i hope to god for the sake of the world that you 're right on this , and that the republican members of senate and the house grow a backbone and block him . 
  who said that ? 
  imagine a legion of supporters so privileged , that when their candidate was cheated out of the race , they would take out their rage by siding with a man who threatened the safety of people not like them . 
  imagine being so self absorbed , that you would vote for trump over hillary , and endanger the existence of lgbt people , of non-white people , of non-christian people , and of women . 
   proof that not everyone roots for the underdog . 
  majority \u2260 everyone . 
  edit : this was n't even a majority, 
  historian here . 
  this guy gets a chapter . 
  this guy gets multiple chapters . 
  in politics , this is entirely new . 
  got ta be the blackhawks because the bulls are currently shitting on the court . 
  my post history shows that i 'm a bleeding liberal , i support hillary , and i abhor everything donald trump stands for . 
  that 's probably reason enough . 
  trump won hugely with evangelicals and whites . 
  while whites might have gone with bernie , the evangelicals would n't have . 
  hillary 's big draw was black and latino votes . 
  bernie had some issues with black voters , and there 's a really good reddit comment about it somewhere - tldr , black communities are starting to prosper somewhat within the system , and bernie 's threat to tip over the system is a risk to those communities . 
  also , there was the problem with bernie saying `` all lives matter '' in response to a q about blm which might also have alienated a lot of people . 
  lastly , the midwest . 
  i do n't see how bernie would have won that over trump . 
  that 's a lot of industry areas where trump promised to create jobs , while bernie advocated free trade which is affected by the misconception that it destroys jobs . 
  in short , trump appealed to the base desires of a lot of americans .
