  officers gave 30 commands , urging noble to show his hands , lift his hands or lie down on the ground , the chief said . 
  the young man ignored the officers ' orders and carried an object in his right hand . 
  dylan noble ignored ** 30 commands ** to show his hands and lay down . 
  tamir rice got 5 seconds and no warnings . 
  dylan noble was 19 , he was a man . 
  tamir rice was 12 , he was a child . 
  dylan noble was white . 
  tamir rice was black . 
  why is this a problem for people to admit ? 
  i understand that . 
  i 'm asking why they reacted that way . 
  so was dylan noble , and he approached police and ignored their orders . 
  he was white though . 
  people are conditioned to see black people as more threatening than white people . 
  so tamir rice died instantly , while dylan noble got the benefit of the doubt . 
  i 've got the wiki on the sic open so i can check who it is before they open their mouths . 
  appreciated . 
  i think we know that if he was white , that officer would have hesitated , or taken a moment longer . 
  if he was white , the phone call probably would n't have been placed at all . 
  we all know it 's frowned upon , but as kids , who does n't do that ? 
  we 're told not to run with scissors , walk in the road , wave knives towards people when talking , but kids do n't listen . 
  they 're kids . 
  that 's why they get the benefit of the doubt . 
  but tamir rice did n't . 
  i 'll concede that waving a gun is threatening . 
  i 'll concede that it 's even more so when it 's directed at people . 
  but a cop jumping out of a car and shooting a child within 5 seconds is an extraordinary course of action , and i see no reason to believe that it was guided by anything other than the belief that a black person is more of a threat than someone of another race . 
  a twelve year old is not a man . 
  look , i 'm really glad you took a month off reddit , but i 'm a bit upset that it did n't make you less of a twat . 
  firstly , the language you used did n't match the subject at all . 
  ironically , ` inordinate ' was a terrible word for your description of nicki minaj 's body work , but is perfect for your response . 
  you had a disproportionate ( inordinate !! ), 
  reaction to someone saying that she does n't hate herself . 
  secondly , how is it objectification ( or playing into objectification ) if she chooses to do it herself ? 
  objectification is only the fault of the objectifier , not the person who is being objectified . 
  i 'm all for maintaining routine to spite the arseholes , but fuck it mate , this is one of those things you ca n't accidentally put off all day and forget to do , because they 're not open tomorrow !, 
  this is like cashing a cheque the night before a bank holiday . 
  this is a christmas present on the 24th . 
  this is [ insert a third faux inspirational idea here ] !, 
  go vote . 
  fuck them harder than they ever thought they 'd fuck you . 
  edit : if this does n't work for you ( and why should it ) there are a fuck ton of queues around the place , so getting in to vote sooner than later is a good idea . 
  do you want to be remembered ? 
  or do you want to be of value ? 
  you can be remembered like hitler , pol pot , and stalin - a dictator with the deaths of millions on your hands . 
  you could be gandhi or mother teresa , with people arguing about how you sexually abused your nieces , and exploited the poor . 
  you could be one of the billions of people in the history of the world who have never achieved greatness or infamy , but created a life for someone else , and gave love to them , and is remembered for the duration of their lives . 
  which is better ? 
  to be remembered by the many who did n't truly know you ? 
  or to be loved by the few , who remember you fondly ? 
  wait , burr is a republican and asking decent questions !, 
  when you turn over rocks , you gon na find some scum, 
  it 's on record , and under oath . 
  it 's sworn testimony submitted as a part of this session . 
  comey 's playing noughts and crosses and trump 's trying to learn his alphabet, 
  this is a very bad analysis . 
  comey is one man , and was not trying to push for those changes on his own - he was supported by many other people . 
  then you need to look at his reasoning . 
  comey was n't trying to get backdoors into phones so that he could spy on americans . 
  we know now that the man has the highest integrity , and we can safely assume that he would have protected basic freedoms under the constitution even with if this had passed . 
  comey was n't trying to threaten the american people , but rather trying to protect them . 
  the problem is that what he was trying to do would have made it easier for someone who came along later to pose a threat to the people , and that 's where the reservations should lie . 
  he 's only 78 , he could totally do it if he 's healthy . 
  but also because the pollsters did n't account for the youth vote . 
  if you 're english , maybe . 
  not necessarily . 
  if scottish voters see snp siding with labour and promising there 'll be no second indyref , then strategically voting tory to confirm a hard brexit pushes the case for indy2 harder because a lot of scots did n't want to leave the eu ( as i understood it ) . 
  you think this is good , you should check out systems of government that use other electoral systems . 
  i 'm in nz and we have 120 seats and a guy whose party regularly gets between 0-15 seats and is nicknamed ` the kingmaker ' . 
  in several elections he has literally chosen who will govern by way of his alliance . 
  we have 3 ( or more ) party alliances pop up regularly , and they split up at odd times and voting is so strategic - it 's all very fascinating . 
  i reckon americans would love it given you all seem to like sports stats so much . 
  he only needs the dup though ? 
  what ? 
  what other explanation do you have for the electorate that went 50/50 remain/leave turning on the snp and going for two parties that have pledged to continue with brexit ? 
  apparently the snp still won scotland despite a very low scottish turnout ? 
  why do the opinions of 195 mps have more value than the opinions of millions of labour party members who voted for corbyn in two separate leadership contests ? 
  uh , because logic suggests that 's the snp is still the most popular party . 
  i was wrong in my previous comment - they won a majority of the scottish seats today . 
  they won a majority of the scottish seats in 2016 , at the scottish parliament elections . 
  and they won a majority in 2015 , less than a year after the referendum . 
  snp is still capturing the votes of scots , and since they 're also the main drivers of independence , it 's not hard to put two and two together . 
  gerry adams already popped out to say that they would n't be changing their position . 
  a hundred years of policy would become hypocritical if they did it now . 
  splitting belfast would be war though . 
  that 's a step too far , surely . 
  they were founded by ian paisley who also founded the upv , and was heavily involved in anti-catholic movements in the north , including the uvf who were terrorists with far less claim to legitimacy than the ira . 
  surely they 've learned their lesson on that . 
  there should only be an election if there 's a vote of no confidence and a portion of the tories or the dup split . 
  but there 's also no way the uk makes it to 2022 without another election lmao, 
  party lists can be changed to reflect the party 's demands though . 
  i 'm in nz and our green party lets the members vote on the list to order the candidates , sort of like the labour leadership contest . 
  they 're being endorsed by the uda , and they 're hanging out with uda members . 
  the uda is an illegal terrorist group in the uk . 
  but swearing an oath to the queen would legitimise the rule of westminster over the north , and by extension , the british occupation of the north . 
  which they will never assent to . 
  this will be a sound bite from a political aide in one of those daytime documentaries that will air in 10 years, 
   hillary was crooked as shit, 
  how ? 
  the uk 's claim to northern ireland is already illegitimate .
