  scotland 's a country you prat . 
  so is england . 
  so is wales . 
  so you 're saying erasure of other cultures is good ? 
  you some sort of white power dude or something ? 
  which is also a myth that pushes the supremacy of ( usually ) white ethnic groups . 
  the nguni people had lived there for a thousand years already . 
  fuck outta here . 
  this is insane . 
  i think all up i spent maybe $ 350 us on the last wedding i went to , and most of that was on shoes and a coat . 
  the rest was for a gift and travel costs . 
  i ca n't imagine $ 3k though . 
  it 's reasonable anyway , he 's allowed to get sloshed at the reception , just not before it . 
  and who gets drunk prior to the ceremony ? 
  that 's stupid as fuck, 
  the nguni were in * that area of land * for a thousand years already . 
  yes that gives them more right to be there . 
  go back to your white power sub skinhead . 
  anyone else unable to join games to watch in the client ? 
  it keeps crashing on me, 
  and that 's why jordie should n't be in the abs yet . 
  i 've really enjoyed watching the lions coalesce into a strong team over the last few weeks . 
  i 'll happily admit i was wrong to think they 'd get swept by the super teams , but do you ( and any other supporters who read this ) find it worrying that they seem unable to hold their own in the second half of the game ? 
  this time was obviously a bit different because of the yellow card , but even then , nearly giving up 3 tries in 15 minutes is bad . 
  ok it was nothing like that . 
  mckinnon for some reason curled his chin to his chest which meant that when he went down , he went down on an already limited movement and it just snapped . 
  ** i 'm not saying it was his fault ** because he should n't have been put in that position , but his incident was a freak accident if anything . 
  o'driscoll got driven downwards if i remember correctly , because the leading tackler did n't realise the extent to which o'driscoll had been turned by the second tackler 's participation , and that made it far more dangerous . 
  yes , it should have been a pair of yellows or a red for umaga , but it was 12 years ago and i do n't know why we 're still dragging it up when all 3 players are retired . 
  tonight 's tackle was illegal under the laws of the game , but it was nothing like o'driscoll . 
  anyone comparing the severity of the two is an idiot . 
  some arsehole in the bar i was at yelled out lioooooons veeeeeeeengeance when henderson flipped jordie barrett . 
  tell ya what , i do n't like jordie , but fuck that 's a callous bloody thing to hear . 
  yeah , but there 's a reason for that . 
  we do n't really see ourselves anywhere . 
  we watch american and british and australian tv shows , but nz ones are few and far between ( shorty , outrageous fortune , almighty johnsons ) . 
  our music is very localised , our books too . 
  when one of those goes big ( luminaries , lorde ) , it 's a huge deal because it 's telling our stories . 
  there was an article on a popular website when royals came out , ripping into lorde because the writer thought the song was racist . 
  to be fair to her , if it had been written by a white kid in the states , it might have been . 
  but it was written by someone in devo responding to the only pop music that kiwis know : american pop . 
  so the story the song told was one we recognised and felt familiar with . 
  representation in media is hugely important to people , because it validates their experiences , their existence . 
  when the all blacks win , we 're happy , because it 's a part of nz culture being treated as worthwhile . 
  when we win the america 's cup , it 's validates that idea of the little guy taking on the giant . 
  when lorde is # 1 on billboard , it 's a kiwi girl who speaks like us , uses dry sarcastic humour like us , and is killing it . 
  and it 's ok to be super attached to these things . 
  mckinnon was driven down too , that 's why it was so bad . 
  oh nah , i 'd probably like him as a person . 
  i just do n't think he 's ready for the all blacks yet . 
  how many were they out ? 
  i know the highlanders were missing 10 starters to abs and nzm duty, 
  i did n't account for the level of cohesion they 'd build that quickly though . 
  the tour does have that effect with the quick fire games . 
  to be fair i also expected the crusaders and chiefs to put up more of a fight , but i guess they do n't have the depth of the other teams . 
  the argument this woman made was that when lorde sings the pre -- chorus , it treats the status elements of hip hop music quite disdainfully . 
   but every song 's like gold teeth , grey goose , trippin ' in the bathroom, 
   bloodstains , ball gowns , trashin ' the hotel room, 
   we do n't care ; we 're driving cadillacs in our dreams, 
   but everybody 's like cristal , maybach , diamonds on your timepiece, 
   jet planes , islands , tigers on a gold leash, 
   we do n't care ; we are n't caught up in your love affair, 
  maybachs , grey goose , the ostentatious displays of wealth - that 's all associated with hip hop and black music . 
  but * we do n't care / we 're not caught up in your love affair * was seen as saying that she had better tastes . 
  the problem was of course that this was a down to earth white girl from new zealand who could n't relate to any of that . 
  we have different status symbols , and the entire song points out that to a kid catching buses and trains to parties , the rest is out of reach . 
  but like i said , the writer took it as denigrating black culture . 
  yeah it is , and america does spend too much time looking inwards i think . 
  even on reddit where americans are exposed to so many other people , you hear them say incredibly sheltered things in popular spots like askreddit . 
  at the same time as we can all recognize the importance of new zealand representation to our culture though , i think her piece made a good point about minorities in america being represented . 
  because black americans have historically been constrained to lower socio-economic status , the success of black artists in mainstream music , and the icons they bring with them ( big cars , flashy jewellery ) is hugely important for black communities , because it shows that it is possible to succeed . 
  just like we see lorde and now a generation of kids in new zealand know that pop star is an achieveable goal for the right person with the right talents - you 're not immune to achieving just because you live in little old kiwi land . 
  well since you did n't seem to understand the difference between equity and equality , i thought i 'd simplify it . 
  it 's our national ( internetional ? ), 
  sport !, 
  exactly !, 
  what we do in the shadows , hunt for the wilderpeople , boy , all had strong international showings , and on the big screen here , and they all featured relatable scenarios . 
  we recognize the accents , the slang , the humour . 
  we see the scenery and the places . 
  my aunt lived in turkey when lord of the rings was released , and she said it was like being home for a few hours , because of the landscapes . 
  also why the success of moana was so good this year !, 
  a m\u0101ori child can see themselves in moana , and even me as a p\u0101keh\u0101 watched it and thought damn , this movie feels like home ( mainly during the sailing scene with the chiefs singing in various pacific languages ) . 
  you know what looks more together than the jars in that first pic ? 
  the neatly ordered pans on a nicely tiled wall that is clean . 
  i know people who keep everything in jars because they 're poor , but the place is cluttered as fuck because it 's small , and it 's dirty , because they do n't have the time to keep it clean . 
  use your space is better than jars . 
  you do n't get anything for doing the in-game predictions do you ? 
  even with mute , i find the behaviour really irritating . 
  i tried to play a support game earlier today , and was roaming between offlane and mid . 
  placed wards , got a gank or two , the usual . 
  i went to get a bounty rune because i was suffering , and the mid pings ` bottle ready ' . 
  ok , let him have it , he needs the charges . 
  so i go down to radiant jungle to ward it and grab their rune , and the offlaner appears out of nowhere and takes the rune . 
  i unmuted and asked why . 
  `` because i pushed lane so i have no xp/gold there . 
  i need xp gold i am carry . '', 
  i just gave up and played carry from then on and went 14-5 . 
  it was much more satisfying than suffering for 40 minutes . 
  `` you want them to think you 're shit that 's how it works '', 
  it looks like you 've already found an answer , but if it turns out to be wrong ( or you want another similar story ) then * tom 's midnight garden * by philippa pearce is for you .
