  trump 's supporters are generally seen as being either : hateful , and so electing him to legitimise their hate ; or ignorant , and so worthy of scorn . 
  there is the third option , in which they supported one policy or aspect of his campaign , such as him being on the republican ticket , or being `` pro-life '' , and voting for someone because of one of those things and in spite of the many others makes the voter complicit , and therefore also worthy of hate . 
  lol, 
  the british empire won in their colonies . 
  they successfully colonised countries around the world , won wars , and were in charge for centuries . 
  but we all know they committed atrocities . 
  winners do n't write history . 
  people do , and people come from all backgrounds . 
  but republicans do n't mind if he says mean things if they can pass their laws . 
  it 's whether he goes too far and evidence comes out that he is actually doing illegal things that will decide if they grow a pair . 
  i just do n't have the energy to explain how stupid he is, 
  there is that . 
  but do they want to impeach a member of their own party to do that ? 
  impeachment is n't a lightly taken step remember . 
  if he does n't do anything too wrong , they wo n't do it . 
  also , i think impeachment may destroy the republican party for a generation . 
  they had that support from their base for trump , and politically it shows a massive weakness if you have to impeach * your * candidate . 
  like , why the fuck did n't they sort this out at the conventions ? 
  nixon was impeached after serving a term , and running for re-election . 
  at the moment , trump has served two weeks , after an immensely divisive campaign , has been supported in almost every move he 's made by the republican establishment , and was elected as an anti-establishment candidate . 
  if they impeach him now or in the next six months , it shows that ( 1 ) he 's so incompetent he should never have been there in which case * they fucked up by not getting rid of him * , ( 2 ) that the gop has an incompetent leadership that supported someone they didnt actually support , and ( 3 ) that they 're the establishment toppling the guy who was supposed to tame them . 
  nixon was a career politician , this guy 's a wildcard . 
  it 's completely different . 
  they 'll alienate everyone if they get rid of him too soon , and in that case it 's probably easier to wait it out . 
  buddy , that [ happened 15 minutes ago ] ( https://twitter.com/pmbillenglish/status/828388868688793601 ) , you 're getting timezone confusion !, 
  golden point is weird as fuck . 
  it should be 15 minutes for both teams to try as much as possible . 
  it 's both . 
  remember there was something during the campaign - ages ago , when he had n't selected a running mate - and he said to someone they could be vp who was actually president , and he 'd just have the title . 
  that 's what this is . 
  the august apricot just wants the office , and the prestige - which he 's pissing away anyway but that 's another story - while he lets people do everything for him . 
  so now bannon has taken what actually seems like a fairly logical step and put himself on the nsc because he knows the lazy lychee wo n't do anything . 
  but bannon is doing it for ulterior motives obviously , mostly to do with his love of pasty whiteness , but at the same time someone has to be there and it 's not the meandering mandarin . 
  so when bannon slides a document under trump 's nose , the mango magnate signs it because he thinks `` hey , this guy 's taking care of all my shit , this will be more of the same '' but bannon is just taking advantage . 
  tldr : it happens bc trump avoids briefings and someone from the white house needs to be there , so bannon took advantage , but also because trump is n't told because he does n't want to be an actual hands on president . 
   but the impact will be real . 
  i 'm wondering if it will be in the way people hope though . 
  each state only has two senators , yes ? 
  california has two women , both democrat , both progressive . 
  feinstein is up for re-election in 2018 ( and may be retiring because she 's old ) , but how much change do you get from one scientist senator replacing another democrat senator ? 
  surely you need scientists in congress instead , contesting republican districts , or you need to be running against a republican senator ? 
  i did read the article in fact . 
  i 'm just pointing out a basic mathematical premise . 
  if you have a minority , and you replace one of the minority with another , you 're no closer to a majority . 
  this means you 're still fucked . 
  scientists need to ( a ) contest republican seats , ( b ) run as republicans . 
  if ( a ) , then dark age principled republicans can be ejected from the senate and replaced with modern people . 
  if ( b ) , bipartisanship can be initiated between people who recognise that science is smart . 
  remember that a major part of their defense is `` why should all the big city elites in their bubbles have all the say !! '', 
  forgetting that those big city elites subsidize the rest of the country . 
  but ya that looks cool as in just black . 
  networking . 
  i 'd do it just to slip him some laxative filled brownies and watch the president shit himself . 
  oh wait , the russians probably already did that . 
   and what gives you the authority to decide michael eisen should n't run ? 
  who put you in charge ? 
  i 'm actually the supreme overlord of the dnc : this is my alt account and i run the democratic party . 
  no , but really , i just wanted to let you know that i opened this tab ~ 11 hours ago and have switched back to it several times , laughing at the stupidity of this comment every time . 
  i 'm not saying he ca n't or should n't run , i just pointed out that you need to gain seats to make progress , not just play musical chairs on what 's already blue . 
  why is that so offensive to you ? 
   it just goes to show that the winners write history . 
  no it does n't , stop repeating this fiction . 
  i do n't think it was that he butchered everyone . 
  from memory he sieged cities , and the cities that opened up and helped support his horde , and showed the wealth , got to join his empire and prosper . 
  the ones that resisted were slaughtered . 
  he got to the point where cities would open up before he set up a siege , while others would resist until everyone inside starved . 
   imagine losing 560,000 m\u0435n in five months . 
  has n't taylor swift written albums about this ? 
  the common root of immigration did n't stop hatred and suspicion of the irish , italians , chinese , japanese , eastern europeans , or any other groups over time . 
  religious freedom did n't prevent discrimination against jews , catholics , or other non-protestant groups in the past . 
  people used to march for civil rights , but they were called thugs , disruptive , uppity , and a million other things . 
  this is just a phase , and it will pass . 
  but it has to be fought for . 
  native americans do n't have any common root of immigration . 
  he said small city , he 's probably in tauranga . 
  i 'm insanely lazy , and i started running earlier this year . 
  every second night . 
  first run was shit . 
  second was better , but still shit . 
  third was ok . fourth was good . 
  after the fourth , on the night off , i was bored and thought `` might go for a run '' then realised that just four runs had already made me enjoy it . 
  just 5km , nothing huge . 
  not quite . 
  erode trust in the media = the media ca n't be trusted when they criticise you . 
  you set the narrative = people believe you when you tell them a certain action has to be taken , regardless of what cost it may have . 
  you should be allowed to say anything you like , as long as it does n't infringe upon the rights of others . 
  therefore , you may not say something that threatens the safety of another person . 
  ( a death threat , or inciting violence ) . 
  that 's where most nazi speech fails to qualify for free speech . 
  nazis should n't be allowed a platform for their vitriol . 
  that 's opening pandora 's box . 
  well , gorsuch just got nominated to be the 9th member of one of the most powerful and influential legal bodies in the world . 
  and trump is ( a ) marginalising the power of the judiciary , and ( b ) calling into question the integrity of its members , which includes gorsuch . 
  i bet even steve bannon would find that disheartening if he was a judge . 
  please , go into the streets and tell minority groups that you 're very sorry but you ca n't tell the nazi to stop threatening their very existence because the first amendment is so sacred . 
  fuck that , the first amendment is dick compared to someone 's life . 
  if a society allows a conversation of white supremacy to be had , it is giving it some form of endorsement . 
  we do n't let people have sexual relationships with their parents . 
  that 's incest . 
  we do n't just say `` no , you ca n't do this , it 's bad . '',
