  definitely both . 
  i know 6 year olds who lie better than this . 
  because it 's portrayed as the ` default ' setting so to speak . 
  when you grow up you 're probably not having your own relationships until you 're about 12 , right ? 
  so your views of relationships are shaped by what you see other people doing . 
  this can be on television , in public , in your house , in games , or in literature . 
  for the vast majority of people in two parent households , that 's going to be a hetero couple . 
  most movies , books , tv shows , and video games go with straight couples as the main couple . 
  remember that ellen came out on her sitcom in the 90s and that was big . 
  in public , depending on where you live , pda has been something for hetero relationships rather than lgbt ones . 
  there 's a long history of lgbt people being careful about how they act in public because it 's not a safe space for them to exist in . 
  this is furthered by not seeing it in pop culture which we know helps acclimatise people to cultural change . 
  so with all of these influences , the people who grew up in the last 20 years and prior have seen heterosexuality as the norm . 
  and that means you identify as the norm until you find a reason to step outside of it . 
  so most people , at this point in our history , are likely to identify as straight until they get that sign that says `` oh shit , i do n't just love my boobs , i love her boobs too !, 
  i only want boobs ! '', 
  and by extension , most people are likely to identify * other people * as straight until those people identify otherwise . 
  so in conclusion , straight people generally just go through life never getting that sign . 
  some of us experiment and some just stick to what we know . 
  lol , why would you be happy for a rapist ? 
  is this a wind in the willows joke ? 
  if assange was a journalist , he 'd at least have pretend to be moderately fair in his `` journalism '' . 
  he does n't . 
  also , journalists do n't get people killed in the course of their work . 
   fox has bias . 
  assange is more akin to sean hannity than chris wallace . 
  that is to say , he 's not a journalist . 
  he gave up on credibility a long time ago . 
   the us govt literally kills people . 
  i did n't realise the us govt were journalists . 
  julian assange was directly responsible for the release of thousands of names and phone numbers that identified turkish dissidents and likely got them imprisoned and tortured or killed . 
  oook then , claymation in night time scenes is the stuff of nightmares, 
  it 's amazing that you can coherently write three sentences but ca n't read the first one in the article you 're commenting on . 
   marianne ny said his arrest warrant was being revoked as it was impossible to serve him notice of his alleged crimes . 
  he was never charged because they could n't get to him . 
  eh , i stopped respecting him around the time he started dumping leaks that ( a ) helped his own agenda and ( b ) got innocent people killed . 
  half of reddit screams that hillary is a murderer , yet they ignore hard facts in front of them about assange . 
  til shaq only landed one 3ptr from 22 attempts out of 1200 nba games . 
  holy fuck, 
  nooo , you 're being mislead . 
  ok so if you click on the article linked in the title of this post , you can read the handy little story about what happened . 
  this is the important bit :, 
   top prosecutor marianne ny said his arrest warrant was being revoked as it was impossible to serve him notice . 
  charges were n't dropped because of a lack of evidence , they were dropped because he hid in an embassy for 5 years . 
  the plaintiff is standing by her story , and still wants him prosecuted . 
  the prosecutor has said he will be prosecuted if he returns to sweden . 
  assange has played the run away game , and is in no way proven innocent by anything that has transpired today . 
  tillerson 's an interesting guy . 
  was n't it exxon that applied to have sanctions waived in their favour to drill for oil in russia waters ? 
  and when state said that would n't happen , they turned round and said `` ok , we 'll abide by that . '', 
  and i 've seen a few comments in the media suggesting that tillerson has been somewhat shut out by trump and his team since the inauguration , which makes me wonder if tillerson is only friendly with russia because it 's good business . 
  while trump and others appear to be putting business above country , i 've been wondering if tillerson is actually loyal to america , and just trying to make his money where he can , which included testing the waters for the waiver . 
  i think it 'd be quite ironic if this whole situation blows up and the guy with the order of moscow award or whatever it was is the only person who * was n't * conspiring with the russians . 
  or you could just look at the watermark you fucking imbecile, 
  the half-time mascots making more baskets than the celtics right now, 
  they 've already got their money , better to hustle them out before they get trashed and do a vancouver 2011 . 
  we 're within 40 boys , comeback 's on !, 
  yeah but , the celtics beat the bulls . 
  movie trailers in the 90s were so much better than today, 
  want to walk me through your lack of logic there ? 
  if trailers back then told the whole story , and trailers today tell the whole story , and i say trailers back then were better , maybe the trailers back then told the whole story better ? 
   i mean , he was lying but still at least he told us . 
  i 'm cackling because this is the exact logic the right will use, 
  shh , busy hating him for all the kicks he 's missed in other weeks . 
  stop with the facts , irrational hatred is ongoing over here, 
  i mean really , a movie is just a trailer with the deleted scenes . 
  umbrella was fuckin ' dope thank you very much . 
  come on , really ? 
  half the rednecks are on facebook asking the walmart page where to find mayo , and they 're the ones who share the obumma da moozlem stories and voted for him . 
  saying that this is twitter 's fault is saying that all social media should be banned . 
  yeah , so worthless . 
  i 've found friends on social media i had lost touch with and had n't talked to in years . 
  i 've made new friends there , and found paid work . 
  i 've been able to connect with academics from my field across the world . 
  i 've been able to keep up with news that 's updated minute by minute from a wide range of sources , rather than an hourly report from a few select sources that dictate what i 'm told . 
  how exactly is more connection `` pretty worthless '' ? 
  how has suicide been normalised ? 
  how is that anywhere near the same league as drug use and stupidity ? 
  kids got bullied before the internet , they 'll get bullied after it . 
  echo chambers are not an internet phenomenon either . 
  and to be honest , it sounds like you 've got some toxic family members if they 're having spats over facebook ad social media . 
  people did them beforehand , but they 've been vastly improved . 
  just last night i hit up an academic on twitter in america to get some information i need for my work . 
  she replied ~ 2 hours later . 
  no social media ? 
  i would n't have even known she existed . 
   does being ` up to date ' on news around the world really improve your life or the world in general ? 
  i think being informed does improve my life , yes . 
  so hold up ... is she dressing or undressing a dead body ? 
  i mean , i sat and watched that gif for a good few minutes to figure out what the fuck was going on , so i 'm definitely curious enough to watch the whole thing now . 
  clever gon na go try this, 
  you 're buying locally . 
  local taxes , customs duties , etc. 
  you tried, 
  ok this is next game, 
  seems like the second bit is a bit of a spoiler , but i will put this on the list anyway !, 
  did someone say ketchup ? 
  i 'll bring the steaks !, 
  uh , duhhhhhhhhhh , why else would [ wikipedia say that america has 90.6 people per square mile ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states ) ??? 
  obviously they 're evenly spread,
