   while i can not discuss the content of these documents if they white house had any concern over these materials , they should have been shared with the full committees as a part of our ordinary oversight responsibilities . 
  nothing i could see today warranted a departure from the normal procedures , and these materials should now be provided to the full membership of both committees . 
  the white house has yet to explain why senior white house staff apparently shared these materials with but one member of either committee , only for their contents to be briefed back to the white house . 
  * then you would say this bit as you : * what schiff is essentially saying is that he saw the documents . 
  they are classified so he ca n't talk about them , but nothing is in there that should cause use to change normal procedure . 
  both committees should see them . 
  the white house is being weird about this . 
  they had the documents , then gave them to nunes so nunes could give them back to the white house . 
  they wo n't tell the committees why and that 's shady as hell . 
  anything other than this is misrepresenting schiff 's words . 
  i thought `` nah , it 's an april fools gag for sure '' then i thought `` fuck that 's an abs link '' and now i 'm mad i got taken in for half a second, 
  dunno how that was n't a knock on for the drop ball after the scrum , but damn that halfback gave beauden a run for his money, 
  fancy telling a half back to cut the backchat, 
  which one ? 
  perenara was getting angsty at a ref who asked him to watch how he spoke to him lol . 
  only one dick there, 
  no , he was told to stop yelling at his forwards while the ref was talking to him because the ref wants his attention , and he does n't want someone yelling in his face . 
  kiwi here , your kangaroo 's a fucking beauty . 
  ca n't believe you pulled it off . 
  a walkabout now waterlogged ,, 
  forty thousand past ,, 
  they 've been here ever since ,, 
  they 'll be here to the last ,, 
  denied them their fair slog ,, 
  still time to fix it fast ,, 
  so give 'em a hand and a clap on the back ,, 
  ya bloody dogs on grog . 
  then they came ` cross the world ,, 
  to start a nation here . 
  men and women of every stripe ,, 
  who loved to have a beer ,, 
  but when the old ones ask for help ,, 
  `` mate we were n't even here ! '', 
  so give 'em a hand and a clap on the back ,, 
  ya bloody dogs on grog . 
  now they 're flying through the air ,, 
  searching for the best ,, 
  they bring hummus and kebabs ,, 
  and all the other foodie zest ,, 
  and hit the easter fest ,, 
  so give 'em a hand and a clap on the back ,, 
  ya bloody dogs on grog . 
  so now there 's all types around ,, 
  and they 're bloody here y ` see ,, 
  though they disagree on straya day, 
  and there 's still fraught history ,, 
  in the end it 's all green and gold ,, 
  on this island girt by sea ,, 
  so give 'em a hand and a clap on the back ,, 
  ya bloody dogs on grog . 
  i live in a country with very few guns - why would you want a pistol without a safety ? 
  oh , so they still have safeties but this one does n't have the little click up down one on the outside ? 
  fucking lmao @ number 12 pointing to the try line, 
  how did they fuck up all those field goals then get a try, 
  surely that was a high tackle too ? 
  do they go on report for that ? 
  edit : ok then , fair enough, 
  colonialism is fucked up , there is no two ways about it . 
  i deleted the original comment though . 
  lol , putting the flags smaller around the flag looked like a colonial thing . 
  that 's why i addressed it . 
  then a commenter pointed out that it was the portuguese language communities , so i edited my original comment , which you apparently did n't even see . 
  do n't try to guess my spin when you did n't see it ? 
  quibble on your stats - a round of golf is 18 holes , and i do n't know about obama 's golf game , but trump 's definitely played a few days of more than 1 round . 
  there was one article talking about him playing 18 , then hitting up the front 9 with another club member . 
  if you saw the original comment , it was very clear . 
  `` is n't it a bit fucked up to have the flags of previous colonies on / r/place given the history of colonialism ? '', 
  i was questioning the colonial aspect , and nothing else . 
  to be completely fair , this is n't a straightforward question since hoover investigated everyone he could for his 3 decades in charge . 
  no , that 's what it said . 
  i erased it because i was wrong . 
  yeah i 'm sitting here like `` wow , all those people who pick up every detail and give me great advice were really rude ?? '', 
  you know , casually calling them slopes does n't really make you credible . 
  his wife already has an 18 inch penis in her life , she does n't need another . 
  wow , ben carson 's only received one payment of $ 18 . 
  i 've heard it when people are lost for words . 
  this might be odd - because i only started watching baseball games at the last playoffs - but as someone who was n't used to the long game time of american sports , i found it easy to follow the world series and playoff games by doing other chores while watching , if that makes sense ? 
  turn it up loud , sort laundry , fold it , vacuum/clean the room , do bills , all that crap . 
  it meant i was very tidy during playoffs , but i also got to see all these games ( which i loved ) . 
  is he college inclined ? 
  stick the cash in a college fund instead . 
  let him buy the car , because he 'll be more protective of something he paid for . 
  he might not like the idea of the college fund now but he 'll love it in ten years . 
  source : someone whose parents had a college fund , who has owned two cars ( one inherited/hand me down and one bought with own money ) . 
  ya , i really wanted to try out a new sport so it was an easy way to immerse myself but also get shit done . 
  because the other arseholes are n't as prevalent right now , but the us is front and centre . 
  even more so , because the us arguably started a lot of this in the 80s when they armed the mujhadeen against the ussr in afghanistan . 
  look maybe if you were god like me you wouldnt be yelled at, 
  but seriously , how amazing is the rage in screenshots like this ? 
   kushner meeting with russian bank under sanctions . 
  i 'm not american , so can someone clarify for me : why is this not punished ? 
  what do sanctions mean , and if sanctions mean a complete ban , why is kushner not currently being fined several hundred thousand dollars or being arrested for breaking the ban ? 
  he also stood up to tea party republicans while campaigning and told them that birtherism was a crock of shit and that calling obama a muslim was a lie that was only used to ruin the president 's character in the eyes of bigots . 
  '' ... and brother , i hurt people . '', 
  nah you only eat sand * once * you 're a geologist . 
  to get there , you got ta pop rocks . 
  however sea urchins for restaurants are usually sourced through channels regulated by food safety authorities , which is why it 's not advisable to eat them straight off the beach . 
  it is a victory . 
  it 's a small one , but a victory for sure . 
  a ranking republican just got forced out of his committee by democrats using the official process .
