  while some slaves panicked at the thought of freedom , others rejoiced and flourished . 
  house slaves would have had a different experience to field slaves for example . 
  some slaves rejected the institution of slavery , while others accepted that it was their lot in life . 
  some were loyal to their masters , serving throughout the civil war while others had run for the north . 
  with these points in mind , it would be silly to say that they enjoyed slavery , but more accurate to assume that there were some slaves trusted the stability that it provided to them . 
  this would have differed according to each individual experience , and the prospects each had of succeeding in the new society post-civil war . 
  that 's james ryan ; paul tito was never an all black . 
  when did mccaw lead it ? 
  i do n't think that 's happened , or will happen . 
  who cares if it 's done before the finals ? 
  two ` minnows ' made the list and that 's awesome . 
  although savea 's first try in there should n't be there , b/c the good part of that was carter 's offload , and there have been way better tournament tries , e.g. 
  naholo vs. georgia , mitchell + aac vs. argentina , japan 's final one vs. boks . 
  i feel like that about sums up justin marshall . 
  `` well , he 's a little out of reach , fuck it . '', 
  [ video of the full movement . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/tw9jaf8nkm4?t=1m51s ), 
  dagg is an absolute magician . 
  yeah this is what i meant . 
  as a whole try scoring set of phases , there was only one phase that was great , and it is n't even enough to rate it on the top 5 . 
  10 years ago he was n't even a permanent fixture . 
  he seemed like a player who would be selected when he was on form , but would then disappear again because he could n't maintain it . 
  if you 'd told anyone back then he 'd make a hundred test caps , they 'd laugh at you because the guy just did n't seem ready . 
  but he kept trying to improve his game , and now he 's here and going down as one of the greatest to have played . 
  it 's such a cool story . 
  can you repeat the question ? 
  i was actually using a memoir i read a few years ago as a source for that . 
  the memoir was written by a civil rights leader , and her father had been a slave who continued to work for his owner through the civil war . 
  i did say some , as i do not by any means think this applied to a majority of slaves . 
  but likewise , i find it foolish to assume that all slaves reacted in the same way - it 's impossible to generalise across a population that large . 
  [ man i 'm glad i did n't make any grand predictions at the start of this world cup !, 
  as an aside , i think this world cup final is carter 's . 
  all the others have won the world cup in ' 11 . 
  carter never got to play that game , and he 's stated several times that he 's never felt like it was his win . 
  he also missed out in ' 07 , and ' 03 . 
  is this the rugby equivalent of saying you eat pieces of shit for breakfast ? 
  bants, 
  if you like we 'll loan your our dinghy so your dingo can make the crossing, 
  make sure they have short hair , because our pm 's into the longer variety, 
  it 's the anzac spirit mate, 
  we have 74 million woolly operatives hiding in your area anyway , you have n't got a shot, 
  it actually looks like crockett might be done with the abs unless he 's still injured . 
  they could n't bring more players in after the semi - that 's i 'm pretty sure . 
  the constant sledge threads instead of one stickied thread make me think that the australians are trying to dodge the witted barbs that are flying out of the east, 
  mate , he 's refusing to retire . 
  he could be back next year to do the june internationals and go 150 . 
  did the pumas pick a second rate team , and the saffas a first squad ? 
  blow out incoming . 
  nah , scrum halfs are backs and aaron smith is a short arse , 1.71 m, 
  this was such a brilliant action by meeuws . 
  the scrum was actually being rotated , meeuws had to stand up and hold back 300kg of flankers and locks pushing against him on his own to avoid snapping darwin 's neck . 
  i 'm not sure many other props could have pulled that off - meeuws had freakish strength . 
  i think that world cup was also the one where jerry collins tackled a welsh player and knocked him out cold . 
  as the attacking effort drove downfield , the camera panned back and there was an all black crouched over the welshman , checking his tongue and calling for a medic . 
  was tana umaga , which is why the spear tackle on o'driscoll two years later was so unexpected . 
  that 's the one , could n't remember if it was in the tour or pool play . 
  thanks !, 
  in the same boat , we 'll be right . 
  $ 400k on nz , someone else bet $ 130k on anyone but nz , and a few others did ~ $ 100k on nz . 
  ( i meant someone bet $ 400k , not me ! ), 
  but yeah , wow . 
  few unhappy wives in the morning if aussie wins . 
  listen to england support their team with swing low, 
  where the fuck are these turnovers coming from, 
  praise the blessed masters, 
  do n't think it was worth a penalty though . 
  what else has he missed apart from the forward ? 
  that try was so fucking beautiful . 
  greatest 12 in the world, 
  the accidental offside was n't missed - the tackle was made , so it was clear it was n't an issue . 
  the knock on i missed too , but that 's fair enough . 
  was the obstruction at the try ? 
  also , lol @ being negged for asking a q. 
  commentators chatting up carter 's ` nut brown eyes ' . 
  jesus christ that scrum and then beale and wooow, 
  unpopular opinion : that was a marginal yellow , even more so than the argentinian yellow in the qf . 
  glad kepu 's off . 
  he could have taken more heads than the french revolution and owens would n't have yellow 'd him . 
  holy fuck, 
  guys this is vintage carter , he 's fucking 24 again, 
  drop goals ai n't cheap when it looks like there 's no way for a drop goal to happen !, 
  haha you kidding ? 
  we collectively shit ourselves after they scored those 14 unanswered, 
  jesus christ , what a game . 
  carter 's cup for sure . 
  man of the match in the final , played like he was on debut again , brilliant all round . 
  sucks hard for the aussies that they had so many injuries come through the game , mostly for giteau . 
  sad that he had to end that way . 
  hope like hell that cheika keeps his job because he 's done some fucking magic with this team . 
  i really like capt. 
  thumb-man . 
  maybe he could be your pm ? 
  aight , fuck these commentators for referring to second place as `` loser 's medals '' . 
  whoever kingtiger is streaming . 
  the english chap talking to fitzy , lynagh , and wilkinson . 
  knocked out in the first , 
  before the threepeat ? 
  if we 're talking scrum penalties , hooper broke off early to grab mccaw . 
  he has been one of the better refs this tournament though . 
  i have to disagree purely because it was expected of wilko , and it was prepared for .
