  that 's from my perspective as a guy who 's perfectly at home walking the streets late at night . 
  now knowing women are generally extra aware of a lone man , i ca n't imagine how terrifying it would be when they walked past those groups of men that i 'm uncomfortable around . 
  the change from one man to five must be horrific . 
  this is probably because he flies 3 hours to florida to play golf instead of travelling to the golf course * that he owns which is less than 30 minutes drive from the white house * . 
  not quite the point , but ok . 
  til a&w is a fast food chain and not just a company that makes the fizz my local dairy stocks . 
  i mean , the point was that he flies to florida to play on a golf course owns when there 's one just up the road . 
  there 's also about 20 other golf courses in dc alone . 
  somewhat unexpectedly , when i hit the spacebar on the gfycat page , it both paused the gif and scrolled down . 
  i do n't know what to feel now . 
  at 0:40 the * inner * side of the ring looks like it has a reflection of a number of figures standing shoulder to shoulder , which is probably me imagining things but it looks pretty cool when you consider the lore associated with the ring . 
  by the third one he looked like he was annoyed with himself `` god why ca n't i just hit a foul ball so i do n't have to run this every time '', 
  america seems pretty fucked by this sort of thing . 
  i 'm in new zealand and we have three streaming services : netflix , neon ( the online arm of sky which is our paytv service ) , and lightbox ( an online streaming service owned by the largest isp and setup before netflix arrived , so they have some of the rights to broadcast netflix has overseas ) . 
  between the three of them , there 's plenty of competition , so prices have to stay low-ish . 
  but it also means that you need to have multiple subscriptions to stream * everything * . 
  neon has the hbo stuff , netflix have their exclusives , lightbox has a lot of stuff i would n't know about if not for their picking it up ( like black sails , the art of more ) , or stuff that they picked up first ( breaking bad , better call saul , parks and rec , mr robot ) . 
  but the cool thing is that the two biggest isps , spark and vodafone , teamed up with the streaming services . 
  spark offers free lightbox to subscribers , and has/had an offer to get free netflix with it too . 
  vodafone had an offer with neon , and i think they had one with netflix too . 
  basically we 've got so much competition that companies are competing to give us more content by cutting deals with each other ad it 's fantastic . 
  he 's just a moron who thinks that gas does n't count as a chemical weapon . 
  he literally referred to the holocaust though , so he obviously knows about it . 
  no , he said `` even hitler did n't use chemical weapons '' and he referred to holocaust centres . 
  this shows an awareness of the holocaust , and an acknowledgement of how ridiculously evil hitler was . 
  but he 's not denying the holocaust occurred . 
  it could be connected to that . 
  i genuinely think the guy is so flustered he is n't thinking properly as he speaks . 
  i do n't think he downplayed it at all . 
  `` even hitler '' points to hitler as the worst example of war crimes , and hitler is known for the holocaust more than anything else . 
  do you honestly think that soviet spice is downplaying the holocaust here , because he 's too slow on his feet to remember `` concentration camp '' ? 
  i 'm not sure where it was , but i remember hearing that one country has a rule where the lights have to be on if the car is , so it 's all tied into the ignition system . 
  headlights on at all times is just good practice . 
  always visible . 
  i was driving to dargaville a few boxing days back , and the roads from sh1 out to the town are long , flat straights running through acres of fields and paddocks . 
  you ca n't see anything too far ahead of you , because the heat makes the horizon a shimmery haze . 
  which means your blind to oncoming vehicles until they 're within about 1000m . 
  then i noticed something . 
  you could n't see the cars , but you could see lights . 
  all the locals were driving with the headlights on , on a 27 degree day with no clouds in sight . 
  but the headlights cut through the heat shimmer , and meant that they were visible well beyond that 1km range . 
  tldr ; use your headlights 24/7 . 
  i think so !, 
  i remember wondering how you 'd enforce that on imported cars , but i guess it must be an easy mechanical job at point of entry . 
  she did n't stoop to his level at all , what on earth are you talking about . 
  but we 're talking about the debate , not the election . 
  why ca n't you focus on the debate ? 
  do you not have an argument for that ? 
  so i made a comment on another sub about five months back about the bulls being the next chicago team to collapse and some dude just pmd me asking what i thought about it now that they 've made the playoffs lmao . 
  i mean , good job ? 
  but also fuck , it was a throwaway comment half a year ago , i do n't know shit about basketball my dude . 
  but you replied to * me * . 
  al gore won the popular vote , and only lost the election because of mass disenfranchisement through florida . 
  hillary also won the popular vote . 
  you 'd think that 'd be enough . 
  literally . 
   i do n't care if you downvote , in the real world , people will never really accept a `` negro '' with the vote , even with stupid laws , even with you whining in social media , people will never accept you . 
  nah man , she 's trans and black , so she must be the aggressor here !, 
  that 's one of the more interesting spellings of ` indictment ' i 've seen . 
  that you david ? 
  one entry to the non bamboozle event pls, 
  just tuned in and holy shit that blues move was beautiful, 
  sanctioned ? 
  he has n't been to the disciplinary board yet has he ? 
  to be fair , he was never a grub until last week . 
  i 've always preferred other first fives , but i can admit he was always a clean player . 
  bit of a clumsy pass by beauden there . 
  bets on whether he collects another yellow this half ? 
  yeah he should go indy , he 's a really shit republican . 
  hooooooly shit that gap, 
  yeah it 's fucked everywhere mate . 
  i 've heard brits use it , so that 's my guess . 
  it took me until the third rewatch to figure out how he did that , so good . 
  this guy is a fucking legend . 
  i remember watching this when it came out and getting chills as i imagined how furious he was and how terrifying he would be in person . 
  i love depp , but that 's still domestic violence . 
  violence is n't limited to physical forms . 
  if we 're going to be pedantic fucks , then here :, 
   intimate partner violence refers to behaviour in an intimate relationship that causes physical , sexual or psychological harm , including physical aggression , sexual coercion , psychological abuse and controlling behaviours . 
  who defines violence as :, 
   violence is the intentional use of physical force or power , ** threatened or actual ** , against oneself , another person , or against a group or community , which either results in or has a high likelihood of resulting in injury , death , psychological harm , maldevelopment , or deprivation . 
  the threat of physical violence , i.e. 
  unleashing your rage against a kitchen cupboard is still violence . 
  and finally domestic violence , which is what this is actually about :, 
   domestic violence can take a number of forms , including physical , verbal , emotional , economic , religious , and sexual abuse . 
  yes , the dictionary definition of violence is physical . 
  but in the context of this conversation it 's expanded . 
  sounds like billy joel 's ` always a woman to me ', 
  i have the philosopher 's stone emulated on my laptop with a ps3 controller to play it and it runs fantastically . 
  give it a go if you can , because it 's still good !, 
  newly minted fan of baseball here . 
  been catching games where i can since i watched the cubs winning series last year . 
  had to restart that vid to figure out the inning , the strikes & balls , the loaded bases then went ohhhhhh really loudly, 
  see : that black professor who got arrested on his front doorstep , that black president whose wife got called manly , etc etc. 
  [ or the black student doing a phd in engineering that tried to fix something on his car and got arrested and assaulted by the cops . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2017/01/14/video-shows-police-tackling-and-beating-a-black-man-suspected-of-stealing-a-car-it-was-his/?utm_term=.7d92d84561ca ), 
  hey , it 's chock full for future reference !, 
  i 'm guessing you pronounce chalk in a similar sounding way though . 
  aha , the l is silent everywhere as far as i know , but in nz chalk rhymes with walk , and chock rhymes with rock or wok . 
  apparently that 's changed !,
