  * heard about filling the cistern of the toilet with food colouring and thought the really foamy cleaner mum had would look cooler . 
  it did . 
  she did n't think so . 
  good advice !, 
  if only my teammates were like this , instead of screaming at me endlessly !, 
  [ for anyone wanting to watch it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ob0turfdz6a ), 
  firstly , there is value in copying . 
  sports competitions are long running and successful , and have a formula for what works . 
  this is n't the sporting aspect of it , it 's the presentation aspect , and having a single host who guides you through a tournament is standard and makes sense . 
  which brings me to your second point :, 
   i dont think there is that much merit to the feeling disjointed , each series have its own narrative and feel to it, 
  but there is , because this is n't just one series , it 's the championship of dota . 
  there is no singular series , they 're all connected and related . 
  your comment about moving people around the desk shows why a single host is necessary . 
  there is no continuity with other analysts and commentators , but the host is that centrepiece who will set the tone of the entire event . 
  think how redeye did it . 
  a game would end , and you 'd go back to redeye who would take you through to the next . 
   in all seriousness , i had n't really considered the fact on how it could effect their opportunities as talent for future events until nahaz pointed it out . 
  i found this comment quite funny , because i 've never heard nahaz say something and then thought `` oh , really ? '', 
  whereas i 've heard pros/ex-pros jump in with something like `` he 's doing that because it will disassemble build into this and counter that in 20min '' and gone `` oh shit , he 's right !, 
  what a play ! '', 
  the awareness that they have of the game is so much higher , and i can see why the talent 's been hired this way . 
  he 's the uncle at christmas who corners the kids to share a story that never ends . 
  he could try take their guns . 
  other than that , what else is there that he could do ? 
  i 'd say that those and twin peaks are the forerunners to the golden age ( ga now ) rather than being * of * the ga , because they were still scattered examples of what we 're now considering to be the hallmarks of ga tv . 
  the ga is n't just considered that because of the quality of tv we have , but the absurd amounts of it we have . 
  it 's all come about after the writer 's strike too , where for a season we had a mass of truncated shows that quickly ( or slowly ) died afterwards as networks tried to scrounge bits together to make them last ( i 'm looking at you * heroes * ) . 
  back then , we had the 24 episode seasons as standard , and most of the tv [ you could watch or pirate was from network ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007%e2%80%9308_united_states_network_television_schedule ) . 
  over the last decade though , we 've seen netflix start producing their own tv . 
  we 've seen cable channels like hbo , showtime , and syfy get more exposure for their programming , and consequently , attract bigger name actors , and bigger projects . 
  network tv which was the standard for so long , has been surpassed by cable and online . 
  the other thing which has aided the rise of the cable channels is the technology , which benefits them a lot more . 
  dvds and streaming in particular . 
  we know boxsets are a money maker because the execs at hbo said a few years back that they do n't care if people pirate got , because they know pirates are the ones more likely to buy a boxset , and that 's where the real money is . 
  you could get full tv series on vhs back in the day , but i do n't remember it being as common as having entire stores devoted to it . 
  the boxsets have also contributed to the rise of binge culture . 
  you could n't do that before , when the only way to have every episode of a tv show was to have recorded it on vhs ( or find one of those vhs boxsets ) . 
  but why is this important to the ga of tv ? 
  because binge culture is something that in 2008 could only be monetized through dvd sales , which meant that you had to wait until the july of the year * after * your show first screened to release a dvd , because you were limited to releasing episodes week by week . 
  technology lets netflix do what no one else has really been able to : they can drop an entire season in a day . 
  hbo still does n't do it with got , because they 're still clinging somewhat to the old model . 
  but netflix slams out the one day season and they 're being financially rewarded for it , because people will sign up to get that immediate satisfaction . 
  and all of this is crucial to the golden age , because it 's given so many new ways for tv to be made . 
  the biggest flaw with tv in my opinion , was the weekly release which blows if you 're watching multiple shows . 
  you 're locked into a certain time to watch it , every week . 
  but not only that , if you 're following multiple shows , the narratives get broken up . 
  i think it 's one of the reasons got regularly gets called out for having slow episodes - because a slow episode stretches a one week gap to two . 
  the netflix model though , means that you can drop an entire show in a day , and craft an arch that runs an entire season and it 's far more put together than any other show has been . 
  it 's how we get something like stranger things , which feels like a long movie . 
  the obvious other way tv has been influenced is the money now available . 
  hbo knows it 's going to profit from subscribers who ca n't wait for dvd release ; from hbo go users who do n't own a television now , but use the internet ; and from the dvd sales . 
  the result is the enormous funding to got * and * the enormous funding put out to look for new shows . 
  d&d 's new show for example , is made possible , because of got ( no matter how bad or problematic it might look ) . 
  so i 'd argue the golden age did n't start in 2000 with the sopranos and the wire , but that the quality of those shows showed what could be done with tv . 
  with the confluence of the writer 's strike and the rebuilding that followed , and the advances in technology ( streaming/dvds to a lesser extent bc they were already there ) , tv was given greater opportunities for risk taking , and writers looked back to twin peaks , and the wire , and the sopranos , and thought of those as the sorts of shows they wanted to write . 
  the result ? 
  we got a massively funded tv industry which now puts out hundreds of tv shows every year , and the choice is so phenomenally huge that the ones that last are n't the best of a bad lot , they 're the absolute cream . 
  ( seriously , in 2007 or something , you could pirate and watch maybe 50 % of the new shows on tv comfortably , with plenty of time left over . 
  i read an article that said there 's something like 250 new shows every year , which is insane . ), 
  ** tl ; dr : golden age is the boom following the writer 's strike bust , and it 's being led by companies that stepped outside the traditional framework . 
  both of those events are far longer than ti , and allow each host to excel on their own . 
  in a five day event , i think swapping out hosts would be noticeably disruptive . 
  i 'm not going to respond to the idiocy of your second comment . 
  i remember when i first played dota i wanted to play naga but i was worried about dying from ganks . 
  i found a strat that recommended your one , and called it the chinese meta because it was huge over there . 
  it was amazing how shit you felt until ... 30min ? 
  linkens protected you , but you were useless until you got diffusal + yasha , and then all of a sudden you were killing it . 
  it was a really , really slow build up to a massive finale for that hero . 
  i think that was also a fashion back then because there are a fuckton of photos of people wearing formal shirts and suits that were too big for them , but the one in the first pic is just a casual shirt . 
  i started ~ april 2013 , so i missed ti2 and did n't have a clue about this stuff . 
  i 'd played ursa and riki though so i was used to being huge ingame 20min in rather than 35-40 . 
  i wish this idea that video games and sports are n't enjoyed by the same people would die already . 
  i 've had enough games where people are talking sport that i know it 's not true , and i do n't know anyone who plays dota that does n't follow sport as well . 
  cheers bro , felt a bit messy but it 's been running around my head for awhile now . 
  i 'm honestly so stoked with the television we have available to us now , and i have a list of shows i want to watch that i 'll probably never get through . 
  there 's just so much !, 
  good old kiwi diy, 
  where do you drive ? 
  i 've seen them in auckland and whangarei and never had any be the slightest bit unpleasant when i 've said no . 
  yes we can do it better , but that does n't mean you throw out everything that comes before and start from scratch because that 's idiotic . 
  maybe i 've only run into nice ones , but they 'll walk up and down the line of cars waving to people who say no , then crossing the intersection to find new potentials rather than harassing anyone . 
  the last time i drove through whangarei , one guy washed the car in front of me , then the light changed and he waved them on instead of getting payment because they would have held people up . 
  maybe i 'm just really lucky . 
  there are regular complaints by overweight people that doctors will make an assumption about their health issues because of their weight rather than putting in the full effort to assess something . 
  this is n't surprising . 
  it 's even more prevalent with m\u0101ori and pasifika patients . 
  i think that 's the old armlet too , so it 'd be a lot harder for someone to do now if they were n't skilled with the armlet mechanics . 
  i have a 35 % winrate with him bc i pick him whenever my team are being dicks in picking stage so i can at least have fun with the spell stealing . 
  gave him all my votes for the last ~ 4 weeks ? 
  you 're calling me a liar now ? 
  you 're telling me that documented examples of overweight people saying they got dismissed by their doctors because they were overweight are false ? 
  so now you 're calling the user whose dad died a liar , you 're calling me a liar , and you 're calling numerous overweight people liars . 
  for what ? 
  because your mate 's a gp ? 
  guess what . 
  doctors can be prejudiced just like anyone else , and it does n't mean your mate is . 
  this is a known problem in healthcare . 
  stop trying to brush it off . 
  it occurs with non-white people , it occurs with women , it occurs with overweight people .
