  this ref 's being bloody harsh on the brazilians . 
  e : silent downvoting does n't change the facts, 
  when you did it you could , but they 're saying this has changed in the past week . 
  what 's funny is that we 've had a very mild winter here . 
  it 's been nice and sunny for a good portion of it , and nowhere near as cold as last year . 
  i 've had terrible viewing on all the official sites , but the pirate streams have been great . 
  now i ca n't find anything for the sevens at all ? 
  the terrifying thing is that [ this happened ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/65250225/baby-death-boy-left-in-car-at-whanganui-hospital-report ) here last year . 
  i do n't know anything about this case apart from what a quick glance at wikipedia told me , so my question may be silly : why would the cia care about killing him seven years later ? 
  i agree it sounds suspicious though . 
  i just do n't see why they 'd wait seven years . 
  fuck , it 's horrible that something like a final comes down to a bad referee decision . 
  the mens sevens team only do the haka when they win a tournament on the circuit . 
  every time i 've seen them do it , they 've been matched by a large group of kiwi supporters in the crowd who gather in one area and do it back to them . 
  bit of a sevens tradition . 
  i 'm really impressed that you can use your cycle as an internal calendar . 
  what are you confused by ? 
  people are entitled . 
  people hate change . 
  they play a game and get attached to a feature , then get mad when the features are removed , improved , or replaced . 
  but they do n't just get mad , they then demand that it be returned . 
  and that 's where nostalgia kicks in , because all of a sudden , what they have now is n't as good as what they had four weeks ago , so fuck you !, 
  you could n't pay me to do social media/market research for a company like this . 
  god , it 's the dan carter curse all over again . 
  please tag this as an old gif . 
  nearly had a heart attack thinking we lost to france as well today, 
  ~ ~ women also are n't offered as many swimming events as men , so it 's harder for her to have the same impact in terms of total medals won at a single games . ~ ~, 
  edit : i was responding with incorrect information . 
  both men and women have 17 swimming events at the olympics . 
  america 's a country , africa 's a continent . 
  he 's * south african . 
  this . 
  look at [ le clos winning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgmoyb8oryo ) in 2012 . 
  he 's filled with adrenalin , he 's shocked , he says good race to phelps , and then he breaks down . 
  huge moment . 
  yes . 
  africa is a continent with 54 countries . 
  do n't taint them all when he 's only representing one country . 
  my mistake , i 've edited the post . 
  colloquially , no , it 's not . 
  america refers to the united states , and south and north america refer to the continents . 
  you 're not ignorant until you stop asking questions about what you do n't understand . 
  stop being contrary for the sake of it . 
  if someone says or writes ` america ' , no one is thinking about the two continents . 
  they 're only thinking about the country . 
  no one calls canadians americans . 
  no one calls brazilians americans . 
  you definitely do n't call mexicans americans . 
  so how did france land a fijian ? 
  that seems a bit off to me . 
  becayse every other islander i 've heard of playing for the northern teams grew up there , like faletau ( wales ) and tuilagi ( england ) . 
  this guy seems to have been offered a boatload of cash , which smacks of exploiting pacific players and killing the game in fiji , samoa , and tonga . 
  and i do n't agree with us doing it either . 
  fekitoa 's not the best example though . 
  he asked to be [ given a chance at wesley college ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/rugby/provincial/7549774/newcomer-malakai-fekitoa-fending-for-himself ) , he was n't poached/scouted in the islands . 
  the vast majority of pacific players who join the all blacks grew up here . 
  this is a tired argument . 
  there 's a difference between making a choice to play in nz , and graham henry flying to suva with a briefcase of cash and getting impressionable young men to sign contracts they might not understand the full extent of . 
  shit , i know head wounds bleed a lot , but that 's a stupid amount . 
  actually , that 's not true . 
  [ somali ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/somali_americans ) , [ egyptian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egyptian_americans ) , [ nigerian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nigerian_americans ) , and [ south african ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_african_americans ) migrant communities are all referred to by the demonyms of their home country . 
  african american is usually reserved for people descended from the africans who were brought to america to be enslaved because the country of origin is often unclear . 
  dictionary definitions are all well and good , but often do n't reflect actual use . 
  ( good example is ` literally ' , ie that fad of using `` i literally died '' ), 
  more violent too . 
  swinging arms everywhere . 
  i guess that 's the thing about sevens - it 's much more accessible . 
  i remember watching kenya play in the sevens circuit when i was a kid and they threatened nz and fiji in their period of dominance , and regularly beat other nations like england/australia . 
  wonder how we would have done at this games if the 15s players had made themselves available . 
  craig 's all good mate . 
  could be worse . 
  could be george ayoub with two samsungs and an iphone . 
  they only do it after they win the gold/tournament . 
  on some special occasions they 'll do it at other times , but usually only then . 
  couple of million to one . 
  in the 90s and 00s we had the best players available too . 
  cullen and lomu were two of the best all blacks of their time and both played sevens for quite awhile . 
  that , combined with titch 's fitness regime and we were top with fiji . 
  now he does n't have those top players , so we fall back , and other nations are catching up . 
   then he wrote a new national anthem . 
  lol , but this was fair enough given the circumstances . 
  it used to be that sevens was a rite of passage into 15s , now it 's two separate things . 
  weird . 
  yeah , but i saw it as that trope of the ignorant millenial . 
  which he is n't . 
  i do n't think ignorance should be used to refer to someone who 's pursuing knowledge . 
  it 's too strong a word for that . 
  imagine a video of trump walking around a corner and finding biden on a prayer mat with the koran . 
  that would be the greatest tweet of all time . 
  imagine the psych out for ehome that must have been . 
  `` we have megas . 
  it 's only game 1 . 
  why is n't he gging ? 
  he always ggs ?! '', 
  i do n't think he necessarily means he 's less attracted , he 's just being careful - much like many women have to be 100 % of the time . 
  yeah , it 's sooo pissy to take care of yourself when you 're in an unknown situation . 
  open your fucking eyes mate . 
  there are responses in here saying that they 're weary about joining social groups because they do n't know if someone 's a homophobe . 
  are they pissy too ? 
  the world is n't safe , and until it is , do n't bag on people trying to look after themselves .
