  the solution to this is assimilation . 
  assimilation basically means that you become a member of the culture you 've immigrated into the midst of . 
  the key part of assimilation is that * you leave behind your previous culture . 
  * for this reason , the hyphenated-american becomes a problem . 
  if you 're an italian-american , have you truly left your italian heritage behind ? 
  if you have , why are you still an italian-american ? 
  why not just an american ? 
  are you still * loyal * to italy ? 
  here 's an example of assimilationist commentary from the new york times ( i snagged it off wikipedia ) :, 
   of the half million italians that are in the united states , about 100,000 live in the city ... after learning our ways they become good , industrious citizens . 
  see the implication ? 
  they 're not good citizens until they learn american ways . 
  so what 's the problem with this ? 
  american ways are n't a static ideal . 
  american ways are vast and diverse . 
  they 're chugging beers at a tail gater , and eating pizza afterwards . 
  but they 're also making art to inspire the world , and flying to the moon . 
  having a hyphenated word before american means that you might not be a full american , not completely in the club . 
  of course today , it 's slightly different . 
  while immigrants a century ago might have been quick to shed their hyphenated origin markers , today it 's a sign of culture . 
  african americans are , regardless of whether people like the term , a group of people that have a very distinct culture , which is dictated by their own experiences . 
  it 's nothing like the culture of wasp east coast elite americans , and that 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  until you mobilise the population against those groups on the grounds of their being a threat to the population 's identity . 
  notice that today , irish americans , german americans , and italian americans are all quite similar . 
  but groups from newer waves of immigration have cultures that are strange and unusual to outside observers . 
  this is scary , because how could this change american culture ? 
  that 's why ` obama is a muslim ' gained traction . 
  that 's why ` sharia law ' gained traction , despite no evidence to support it . 
  in time , it should pass . 
  but then there 'll be a new group . 
  it 's promising though , because it means there might be some hope for america to shift left in the next few decades . 
   what is the likelihood that the average trump voter is a fascist ? 
  the average german was n't a nazi . 
   what is the likelihood that trump is espousing or will espouse fascist policies ? 
  he already espoused nationalist policies that scapegoat minorities . 
   what specific actions of trump 's would you designate in advance as fascist ? 
  ( possible examples : closing schools or media outlets ), 
  he refused to take the press pod with him the other day when he went dc -  ny ( or vice versa ) . 
  there are older democracies than the united states , which barely qualifies as a democracy . 
  but ignore that . 
  explain this, 
   there is zero chance the american people would stand for the banning of a major political party, 
  what on earth are they going to do to stop it ? 
  rise up with your second amendment guns ? 
  firstly , there 's the entire other half of the populace to deal with - the ones screaming it 's ok , he 's not doing too much . 
  then there 's the strongest military in the world . 
  against civilians with guns . 
  by the way , if it advances to the point in / u/galle _ 's timeline where they 're banning the democratic party , you 've already got roundups of non-white americans occurring and you 're fucked . 
  abortions for rape victims are medical - it 's generally because birthing the child of your rapists exacerbates mental illness . 
  i 've done that already , and seen nothing . 
  that 's why i 'm asking you , who has apparently seen evidence of corruption . 
  true , but if they turned out to be reluctant to participate , it 'd be a problem . 
  yeah but that does n't determine whether a country is a superpower . 
  neither can i , but it 's a bit different with a lot of nationalists running around , and america on the other side of the fight . 
  no , because it 's taking it from white american culture , not a minority culture . 
  the problem with cultural appropriation is that it is a dominant culture taking aspects of a non-dominant culture and using them for a new purpose . 
  there 's two major issues with this :, 
  there 's a tendency for the adopted aspects of culture to be misused in their new form . 
  one of the most visible forms of this is native american headdresses . 
  you see them all over instagram , and at music festivals , yet by now everyone knows ( or should ) , that culturally , they 're extremely important to the tribes that use them . 
  i 'm not exceptionally knowledgeable on this , but i believe that every feather in a headdress has to be earned ? 
  so a man with one that has several hundred feathers has tremendous respect ( this is the wrong word , and the only one i can think of that fits is * mana * but that 's a m\u0101ori word which would be weird to use here ) . 
  in that instance , you can see how a 21 year old girl drinking rtds and tripping overself in a headdress might be offensive . 
  a lot of minority cultures faced discrimination for continuing these practices themselves . 
  to turn around and find out that after generations of being told not to act a certain way , white people are now using those same cultural behaviours for entertainment , is quite the affront . 
  anyway , who gives a fuck if santa is black on a coke bottle ? 
  how does it affect anyone ? 
  the richest man of all time was black . 
  he took a pilgrimage to mecca in the 15th century and threw egypt into an economic recession . 
  he then bought them out of recession , and in doing so , single handedly ruined the market for gold in the mediterranean for a century . 
  because he faces literally ** no ** repercussions for voting trump . 
  locked up for praying ? 
  nope . 
  deported ? 
  nope . 
  groped ? 
  nope . 
  stopped and frisked ? 
  nope . 
  you 're talking about a woman who has been in politics for thirty years , and you think that she would start wwiii over a plane in a no-fly-zone ? 
  give the woman some credit and think about the fact that she probably had ideas about diplomatic ways around it . 
   yet i think that the electoral college being faithless would do irreperable harm to our process, 
  not necessarily a bad thing , considering how shit the process is . 
   rural whites turned out to vote against immigrants that they do n't see and terrorism they do n't face . 
  i think it 's really mean of you to dismiss the opinions of bumfuck , idaho like that !, 
  yeah we 're relatively lucky with earthquakes - we only feel the edge of the big ones from down south . 
  jump on twitter , apparently everyone in chev is out together in a big group , but a few houses were badly damaged . 
  true , mistake on my part . 
  white americans have culture , `` whites '' do n't . 
  the french are white , the finns are white . 
  their culture is very different to american whites . 
  `` white '' as a concept is bullshit . 
  it 's like using `` fat '' as a grouping , but with less science behind it . 
   obama has said it 's a bad idea and high ranking generals believe it would take tens of thousands of troops if not over one hundred thousand to enact such a flight zone . 
  well then she wo n't fucking do it , will she ? 
   so she 's going to be able to shoot down russian jets and then diplomatically settle putin down with those brilliant relations she 's fostered with russia right ? 
  no you dithering idiot , i 'm saying * she would n't shoot down the plane in the first place , it 's a fucking bluff . 
  he gave interviews where the words out of his mouth were specifically `` i will keep obama care '', 
  holy shit, 
  sucks for all those people with lisps that like to eat soup .
