  keep an eye on the post and you might get a few more answers too . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if i mark safe lane and call core , people generally pick supports/mid/offlane . 
  just like if i mark mid or roamer , people pick other roles . 
  i was just saying that if i see a bloodseeker pick , i 'm unlikely to pick am . 
  is that an unreasonable thing to say ? 
  i mean , reading this comment , i guess i generally pick weaver as a counter to pa because he has the magic damage for early game and he hits hard late with the geminate attack . 
  i do build mkb on luna because the high damage blends in with her glaives , whereas other items only apply special effects like crits to the first target . 
  i do n't think i build crazy stuff on other heroes though , it does n't really work . 
  sheepstick was just one that did , so i continued doing it for a bit . 
  o my bad . 
  it 's another name for scythe of vyse . 
  it 's a reference to dota 1 where the hexed player would turn into a sheep ( they turn into the pig now ) . 
   it makes you feel like shit . 
  this is a disadvantage . 
  not being accepted is a disadvantage . 
  i did n't say you get mkb procs off the bounces . 
  i said that the high damage output is more beneficial to the glaives . 
  until you learn to read , perhaps you 'd consider not replying to me ? 
  i do n't need my inbox filled with arbitrarily bolded lines and caps as if i 'm being scolded . 
  take your conceit and fuck off somewhere else . 
  not that it outclasses abyssal , but that it provides a different set of benefits which i prefer to abyssal . 
  when i 'm five slotted and split pushing/tping across the map , i generally have a problem with mana regen , not hp regen . 
  i pointed out my experience in using it . 
  sorry that i 've offended your sensibilities . 
  game does n't have to be an esport to be fun . 
  but it 's so boring and really a valid get away should include a shootout on a bridge !!!, 
  oh wow that essay has some uh , well placed descriptions , that quite accurately describe certain subsections of this sub, 
  this ruins the element of people being forced into difficult positions like around cliffs . 
  you have to take a risk - sit at the top of the cliff , or at the bottom . 
  do you climb up now , or later ? 
  i think the biggest one for me is third person complaints . 
  i 've won a few solo games during my playtime , and all in third person . 
  i did n't finish behind a tree with 360 vision . 
  i finished in fields where i was sprinting across the open and gunning people down . 
  i do n't think it has anywhere near the impact people think , but they 're against it because they ca n't figure out those counters to it . 
  people like comeuppance for those above them . 
  i once played with two australian blokes in a squad game . 
  they seemed ok until we had to spend 5 minutes running through the blue , and the only thing they talked about during the entire run was how awful chinese culture is and how it results in these two guys constantly running into hackers who are undoubtedly chinese . 
  when i said to them `` hey where do we want to aim for ? '', 
  their response was `` hold on mate , so as i was saying , the fucking chinese ... '', 
  i actually considered grenading myself when i was last alive in a 1v1 . 
  just to piss them off . 
  this is the best and most innovative suggestion i 've seen on this sub , good job !, 
  hope it makes it in, 
  i agree entirely with the stupidity of pushing a tournament for a game that 's still early access ( it smacks of a money grab ) , but i think a lot of the gripes people have are with essential parts of the game . 
  why should n't blue zoning be a viable strategy ? 
  perhaps not sitting in zharki while the circle is 2cms across on military , but tanking the blue makes sense . 
  the same goes for passive gameplay , which is playing to win . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  it 's far smarter than drawing attention to yourself if you 're not confident of killing everyone who might come . 
  no i agree that the person who has established a position is usually advantaged . 
  but i think there are huge drawbacks to that . 
  my main one is that in games like pubg ( and the same problem existed in arma and dayz ) , is that your entrenched position can be nullified by someone flanking you or coming up behind . 
  sure , i can sit behind a tree and peek at who 's coming . 
  but i 'm also spending 99 % of my time looking to my sides , and behind me , because it only gives you cover from one direction . 
  in first person this is n't a huge issue . 
  it 's far more forgiving of your mistakes . 
  i walked across a huge field in fpp , forgetting to check where i was going because i was alt looking to my right . 
  i let go of alt , and there was a guy standing directly in front of me , facing away . 
  he should have killed me about 10 seconds earlier , but because first person limits your view , he did n't have a chance to . 
  in another game , that same field had 3 different people prone in it , and they all jumped up at the same time to kill me , before each realising they 'd been camped next to two others , and all turning their guns on each other . 
  i do n't think that second situation should happen in a game with 60 people alive and the first circle still closing in . 
  i very probably am underrating it . 
  it just worked for me and i went with it , then thought to ask torte . 
  apparently people did n't like that \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  god 's work . 
  i do n't care . 
  i especially do n't care about people who are trying to destroy a great game to make it fit their idea of what a good esports experience is . 
  how do they implement something to stop people using the water as protection without ruining casual play ? 
  dunno , the one i saw was edited to communism . 
  it looks like the dude is fucking a disembodied chicken head with a decapitated chicken body, 
  i did arts . 
  i did some of the electives you said were odd and maybe pointless . 
  one of them was young adult fiction . 
  twilight , harry potter , a few others . 
  they were good . 
  like the texts were n't necessarily good , but the courses were . 
  because they make you use the skills you 're learning outside of your comfort zone . 
  i was having to analyze something written by stephanie meyer in the same way i analyzed a text written by shakespeare , or nabokov , or a speech by kennedy . 
  and when you 're being told to look at twilight and tear it apart and treat it like henry v , you have to think about it because the two are n't immediately comparable . 
  so you get better at translating your skills across different levels . 
  on a more shallow level , i can look at an essay i wrote in my first year , and one i wrote in my third , and there 's an easily identifiable difference . 
  i got better at expressing myself , i used language that was better suited to what i was writing about . 
  it got a lot less wanky . 
  the way i laid out an argument improved . 
  if someone goes through university and says they learned nothing in the arts , chances are they just do n't realize what they learned . 
  the people complaining about it are on this sub . 
  i seriously doubt that they 're professional level players . 
  who does n't ? 
   if you are asking who is farthest from the mean that would be ogre . 
  this makes a lot of sense because he has two heads when statistically most heroes only have 1 !, 
  dunno if you 've seen but it happened 27 minutes ago !, 
  wonder if there 'll be any language issues with pld, 
  like i get where you 're coming from , but i was also being serious bc is n't pld scandinavian ? 
  how high is the english level for all these players ? 
  omg that fucking outlier, 
  do ck and kotl count as two heads because of their mounts ? 
  and luna and mirana ? 
  o and alchemist ?
