  so [ bill english , who took a $ 32,000 housing allowance for mps who have to travel to wellington for work , but lived in a house that he owned ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/2711246/bill-english-defends-taxpayer-cash-for-house ) should resign , should n't he ? 
  or should he resign for [ concealing knowledge of a crime committed by one of his mps ] ( http://www.newshub.co.nz/home/election/2017/08/prime-minister-bill-english-sent-hundreds-of-texts-to-glenys-dickson-winston-peters.html ) most likely so he could maintain a parliamentary majority . 
  both of these occurred while english was an mp . 
  turei was n't a politician when she did what she did . 
  it 's a damn sight better than bitching about things which are of no consequence, 
  how was she dishonest ? 
  she said she lied to winz about her living situation in order to get more money . 
  the developments have just been details of that living situation , none of which have proved her to be a liar , or changed the truth of the matter : that the social welfare system in new zealand , as it currently exists , does not work to help those most in need as it is supposed to do . 
  people always bring this up when they discuss grey 's anatomy , and i have to defend it . 
  there are ~ 24 episodes of grey 's per season , and there 's about 4 ? 
  major cases per episode . 
  that 's 96 cases per season , and a lot of those are just your bog standard cancer , heart disease , car wreck . 
  but forget that , because that 's 96 cases * a year * , and it 's * only * in the surgical department of the hospital , which is also one of the biggest in washington state ( because it 's used as a teaching hospital , and see several smaller hospitals in the series ) . 
  so for every weird case that hospital gets , they 'll be getting a thousand normal ones , and that 's per doctor !, 
  so of course the episodes will focus on those weird ones , because who wants to watch meredith rip out a spleen every week ? 
  i remember that thread being reposted over and over years ago , but i never once thought to myself that the skull once belonged to someone and now i 'm just sitting here in horror, 
  wish this was a midnight game like last week . 
  that was a dream kick off time . 
  we 're talking about her being honest this year , not years ago . 
  no one is denying she lied to winz . 
  what reason do you have to believe that she is lying this year , when she has been honest and upfront about everything ? 
  i wait at the traffic lights for the people who adhere to the speed limit to catch up with me with less petrol used and less wear on their tyres and brake pads . 
  dunno man , there 's a bit of that . 
  fucking loved this . 
  watched it about six months ago and it 's so immersive . 
  ok i got a few . 
  first one is * defying gravity * . 
  it was a one season show that got cancelled , but i like space shows so i will tell everyone to watch it still . 
  it was about a space mission to go visit all the planets . 
  it has ron livingston in it from band of brothers ( he 's the alcoholic friend of winters ) and laura harris . 
  you might recognise laura harris from my second recommendation where she plays daisy adair in ... 
  ... * dead like me * , which is an excellent two season show that also starred mandy patinkin ( saul in * homeland * , guy in * the princess bride * ) . 
  it 's about people who have died , and run around watching other people die , and helping them to pass over . 
  they do fun things and have zany adventures . 
  speaking of dead people , * pushing daisies * , which stars lee pace from that crappy movie * the fall * which everyone likes for some reason , and chi mcbride , the 82 foot tall giant . 
  it 's about a guy who touches dead things and brings them back to life , but if he touches them again , they die !, 
  so of course , he resurrects his one true love , but can never touch her . 
  he also solves crimes with chi on the side . 
  you might remember chi from another series about an inner city high school ... 
  * boston public * , which ran for four seasons , but was never released on dvd because the company that made it do n't know how to make money . 
  boston public is dramatic as fuck . 
  it focuses on the lives of 8-9 teachers at a high school , and it 's fucking dope and you should all watch it . 
  it 's available on some popular streaming sites where you can * watch series * . 
  but at the end of the day , it is earth based , and dramatic , and i did say i like space shows , so we should get back to those and therefore i give you ... 
  * the expanse * which i 'm pretty sure i actually found on reddit . 
  * the expanse * is in the future , and in space . 
  and that 's all i 'm telling you . 
  it 's on netflix . 
  go watch it now . 
  come back in 10 hours and tell me how much you love me for recommending it . 
  it 's fishing village you uncultured swine stop trying to gentrify us into a town !, 
  i 've seen a lot of people saying this over the last week or so , and i get it , i do . 
  most of us are used to first person games , and third person is new . 
  what i ca n't stand however , is the relentless argument that third person is unbalanced , or unintuitive , or no strategy because you can just hide in cover and peek . 
  but that 's exactly why * it is * strategic . 
  this is n't a first person game , and i have a feeling that a lot of the people who complain about the third person aspects play it like it is an fps . 
  the strategy in pubg third person is about positioning , and angles - things which do n't apply in the same way they do in a standard fps . 
  you have to use cover much more extensively in pubg , and you ( generally ) ca n't run into a room of four people and bunnyhop around while popping all four . 
  and at previous tis , the group stage panel was used as sparingly as the one this year . 
  the main event is when the panel is used between games and series . 
  never seen it before . 
  i think it might be a promotion they 've won given that they 've both got the little lanyards with the vip badges . 
  exactly . 
  and they complain about a lack of skill in third person , but rushing is the biggest lack of skill ever . 
  you 're literally just hoping for the best when you run through a door and that 's not strategic at all . 
   in any fps a person can not go into a room with four people and kill all four unless those people have terrible aim . 
  lol yes they can, 
   i am not saying that tpp does n't require strategy , but it requires less awareness and the strategy is less `` hardcore '' than fpp . 
  the strategy for tpp revolves more around camping and taking in your surroundings , than being more active pushing/flanking which makes for a slower playstyle . 
  everything you have said here is fundamentally wrong . 
  third person requires more awareness , precisely because people can peek , because people can see you when you ca n't see them . 
  you need to be aware to where people are , what they 're doing , and how your positioning relates to that . 
  the strategy is n't focused on camping , it 's focused on being aware , and you can adopt any playstyle to that and be successful if you have the skills which you need for first person - being able to point a gun and shoot . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  go watch joshog and his squad play . 
  they do n't camp , they push and flank . 
  they move with an awareness of what 's going around them . 
  he 's ranked something like top 10 . 
  the reason most people do n't do well with the more active playstyles is because they ca n't adapt to the third person , and they do n't understand the strategy inherent in a game with more vision . 
  so they come here and they blame the game mode instead of learning . 
  it 's not unbalanced . 
  stop being upset that you do n't know how to adapt . 
  i 'm not saying you should teach blm , because you 're right , it is too early . 
  but you could point out the connections between blm and the civil rights movement , or ask your students if they think the crm is ongoing today , what organisations they see as carrying out the work , etc. 
  for the second part , just anything that looks at the role of women in the movement . 
  i think the charles payne book i recommended has a few essays about it , and there are plenty of articles around on it . 
  i did n't have anything particular in mind , just wanted to leave a reminder about the importance of women in that movement, 
  get ye to the top !, 
  those golden previews though . 
  shadow demon 's looks awesome . 
  monkey king and anti mage golden effects looks fucking cool too . 
  there 's nothing unbalanced when both players can do the same thing . 
  if he 's behind a rock peeking at you , throw a grenade . 
  drop a smoke . 
  bait him out . 
  retreat and come at him from a different angle . 
  if you 're behind the only tree in a 100m radius , you have no grenades , and you 'll 100 % die if you move ? 
  then you have shit positioning and you made a bad play . 
  envy ratting and juking behind a tree seems like a pretty high risk play to me . 
  now i want blitz to cast from a laptop in the spectator seats and he can ask the viewers around him what they think,
