  he also had colin powell , but this is like saying you 're not racist because you have black friends . 
  i do n't know if he 's a racist or not , but this was a crap defence . 
  except for like , 10 of them voting to confirm his nominees the other day . 
  this is a nice sentiment , but do you really think it will be opt-in ? 
  what the actual fuck dude, 
  ok but just because cacti are endemic to the americas , does n't mean you get to put a prick in the white house, 
   all of this is just a pr move to get that consumption feel good money trail and yeah it works . 
  congratulations , you have solved the world of business . 
  however , you 're only halfway there . 
  because this is a capitalist society , money = good . 
  money can be exchanged for goods and services . 
  starbucks hires refugees to provide services , who then receive money , spend it on goods and services , and the economy grows . 
  meanwhile , the refugees gain knowledge of the language , culture , and workings of their new communities , allowing them to fit into society and prevent it from becoming just another refugee camp . 
  so yeah , it 's a pr move . 
  but so is giving billions of dollars to charity like bill gates did , and being universally admired . 
  but it does n't change the effect those billions have . 
   beat red, 
  [ today 's your day !, 
  it 's actually beet red , coming from the red of beetroot !, 
   i do n't want to say there 's no one worse than trump, 
  steve bannon could rewrite the succession to make him next . 
  the spanish invasion of south america was considered a holy mission , where the soldiers were justified in killing natives because it would get them to god quicker than trying to convert them . 
  this is nothing new . 
   in addition , the united states should not admit those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred ( including `` honor '' killings , other forms of violence against women ... 
  why is n't pakistan on the list ? 
  saudi arabia ? 
  honour killings happen in all these countries . 
   ... or the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own ), 
  why are syrian christians allowed in then ? 
  that 's singling out one group among syrians . 
   or those who would oppress americans of any race , gender , or sexual orientation . '', 
  welp , better get rid of pence . 
  and trump . 
  and bannon . 
  three men who respectively oppressed gays , sexually assaulted women , and was part of a domestic abuse charge . 
  i think the cake was an homage to the first one . 
  trump/whoever saw obama 's one and thought `` damn , that 's nice '' but could n't be bothered taking the time to find out who did it , so they just made a copy . 
  that 's why it was n't edible - they just thought it was a good looking cake , but not good enough to buy the real thing from the original artist . 
  i hate the guy , but i think that was just some lazy ass bullshit rather than anything sinister like the rest of his shit . 
  hey guys , i 've got a great idea, 
  i 've got no medals at the moment , but i know i 'm just simply the best at _____ insert hero here _____ , so how about i tell you what hero to pick for the absolute best gold standard lineup ( because i am a pro and my hero fits my lineup ideas ) and then i 'll shit talk you for the rest of the game when it does n't go to plan , even while you have all golds and silvers , and if you decide to swap off your shitty pick that i didnt choose for you to the one i know will win the game just to get me to shut up , i 'll still give you shit because god , i could n't possibly be the toxic problem in this team you 're obviously just a little troll, 
  insecure fuckwit on your team every game, 
  as an aside , the only time i tell people what hero to pick is in 3v3 , and only when we 've played a round already so i can see how they do at it . 
  why is this community so rabidly shit, 
  almost every wave of immigration has been considered a second class citizen in the united states . 
  the italians , greeks , irish , jews , chinese , and others , were all considered inferior and often were used as scapegoats by the most recent wave of immigrants to get themselves up to equal status . 
  for example ( these are arbitrary immigrant groups i 'm using bc i ca n't remember the order ) , the irish have a big wave of emigration in the late 1800s , and are instantly second class in the us . 
  they 're followed by a large wave of italian immigrants post-wwi , who become the new second class , while the irish join in the denigration of the italians and the irish improve their standing . 
  substitute irish/italian for each wave of immigration , and you see a recurring pattern . 
  `` and if the immigrants ca n't come here , they ca n't be international , see !, 
  they 'll be domestic somewhere else ! '', 
  is it too late to become a gop donor , and how much do i need to drop to be an american national park owner ? 
  ya , was just going into more depth on what you 'd said for anyone else who came along . 
  i know heaps who do this , and they 're never shy . 
  `` oh yeah , i 'm single this year so i decided to treat myself '', 
  i heard a mid-teens kid - you know that type of voice that has just broken , not high anymore , but not deep either ? 
  - mocking me on voice chat the other day in overwatch . 
  he said ` le mayo ' and i had to take a second to figure out what he was referencing . 
  then i realised he had just verbalised ` lmao ' and i nearly died laughing at how cringey that was . 
  what is mm ? 
  surely one m is enough for ` million ' . 
  we 're not using roman numerals for figures now are we ? 
  thanks for the completely unasked for lesson in roman numerals ( which i knew already btw ) . 
  generally speaking , we do n't actually use roman numerals in the modern world . 
  hence , 1k = 1,000 , and 1m = 1,000,000 . 
  when i said `` surely one m is enough '' i meant because everyone knows what `` $ 10m '' means . 
  using two is stupid , because not everyone knows roman numerals because it 's not our number system . 
  for the same reason a $ 100 note is only called a c-note sometimes because it 's slang riffing on an unused system . 
  sorry to let you know that other voting systems also have strategic voting involved . 
  fpp should be reviled because it 's ridiculously disproportionate in representation . 
  you can get 20 % of the popular vote and not a single seat in parliament . 
  who the fuck does he think `` has thousands of years of understanding democracy in their dna '' ? 
  because it sure as fuck is n't americans , or the majority of european groups they come from . 
  it 's probably related to the fact that malcolm turnbull is the leader of the [ ** liberal party of australia ** ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_party_of_australia ) , which contrary to expectations , is in fact the conservative right party in australia . 
  but of course , the authoritarian orangutan probably did n't bother to ask whoever briefed him what `` liberal '' means in that context , and here 's the bad mood explained . 
  i mean , australia kinda deserves trump hanging up on them and calling them gits for asking america to take their refugees . 
  i find the hypocrisy of it more worrying than the fact that he snubbed turnbull . 
  edit : lol , who downvoted this . 
  australia treats their refugees like scum , then expects america to take them ? 
  refugees are n't some unwanted present to re-gift at christmas , they 're fucking people . 
  trump and his staff got a lot of plays to attack hillary from bernie . 
  bernie was a jew in a country that just elected a man who has racist tendencies and has hired not subtle , but fervently open anti-semites . 
  bernie 's history is not that clean . 
  stealing power , the weird sex essay , no real job , etc. 
  that sort of thing gets you attacked . 
  bernie is a socialist . 
  americans hate socialism . 
  americans hate communism more . 
  you call someone a communist on the presidential trail , and they 're dead . 
  trump was advised in the 80s by the guy who advised mccarthy . 
  do you remember mccarthy ? 
  hillary was n't corrupt , and the dnc was n't either . 
  the dnc has a duty to pick the person they think will win , and they did not think bernie was capable . 
  they 're a private organisation , which means they can do that . 
  hillary 's emails were literally _ nothing _ , but all the berniebros seem to have jumped on it . 
  guess who started that shit ? 
  i liked bernie most of the time . 
  other times i thought he was just another old coot who might have been a bit of a problem . 
  but most of the time ... all good . 
  he did n't win .
