  the problems i saw with it were how do you define which abilities it pulls out ? 
  if it hits a zeus and procs arc lightning , that 's 1.6 s without a mild nuke . 
  if it hits enigma and procs black hole , that 's a huge imbalance . 
  the only balancing factor i could think of was if you threw the wisp into a fight and an enigma dropped a blackhole it might proc on your team and you 'd wipe them , but that 's too hard a situation to consider to balance out the rest of the problems . 
  that 's depressing . 
  i 'd hate to go for a walk in the bush in pants . 
  way too hot . 
  i ca n't figure out how someone can be this stupid . 
  * fastornator said if a woman had her top removed in prison , and did n't get it back , she would feel humiliated . 
  * km89 said that people are routinely subjected to strip searches in prison . 
  * i said that that 's a terrible argument , because people who are strip searched are given their clothes back straight away because otherwise it would be cruel and unusual punishment . 
  then you came in like an epidemic of stupidity and tied to tell me that somehow i 'm trying to save karma over what , your inability to read three simple sentences ? 
  but dad 's a silver fox, 
  i did n't make the original point you ass . 
  the only thing i did was point out that km89 made a stupid argument . 
  then you arrived with your big ball of crazy and started slinging insults at me . 
  go talk to someone who gives a fuck . 
  yeah was n't thinking she 'd be an aussie at all , but i 've seen non-kiwis use kiwi because of the fruit before . 
  they did n't even realise that kiwi is a term for new zealanders . 
  tethered unit gets 150 % i think . 
  so if io uses mek , partner will get 250 from mek + 375 from io 's 250 * 1.5, 
  might not be break . 
  could just be some form of stealth attack that does n't set off the passive . 
  he hits bristle from behind , does n't set off the quills , but bb still has the passive going for everyone else . 
  summer here is mid 20s , and walking in the bush is gon na make it worse because of the exercise . 
  aussies have it worse though , they 'll get up in the 30s , maybe even 40s in queensland, 
  it 's the memory of dayz all over again tbh . 
  camping on the hill above elektro with a dmr and two mates hiding in the city waiting for the call . 
  spot someone running in , and then two of you can shepherd them to the third for the kill . 
  hey op , sorry you 're catching a lot of flak from all the babies in this thread who ca n't handle bridge campers . 
  in future you should of course aim for the vehicle . 
  the other option is to find a number of vehicles for your squad to park across the bridge and block it off . 
  you can do it with two at the narrowest point , and there are always a few buggies around the mainland end . 
  this allows you to hide and let the enemy stop and fight their way through , or ram it and hope to break through before they explode or come to a sudden stop . 
  good luck next time !, 
  $ 100 is a lot of support man . 
  you get the same bp for a win in solo or squad , but it 's divided among number of players who win . 
  mine has me on 48 kills lifetime , but i had 300 + in the first season . 
  you 're really forcing this are n't you . 
  how the fuck does anyone on this sub have time to play the game between complaining about every little thing they hear about and watching grimmz to see if he 's called someone a stream sniper yet, 
  people are n't smart . 
  buy keys and sell them . 
  you report them . 
  you do n't use them . 
  `` oh look , this jewelry shop has all the doors open . 
  should i call the police or should i get some jewels ! '', 
  do you understand randomness ? 
  `` no , no , we must n't do that , words have meanings ! '', 
  ... followed by them dropping the n-word and claiming that the suffix changes the meaning . 
  why 's she psychotic ? 
  cool , i did n't do any of that shit , but i did do high school math and i 've lost a bit of money gambling , so that 's my cv . 
  [ today 's peak number of players is 571k . 
  ] ( http://steamcharts.com/app/578080 ), 
  that 's 5,710 concurrent games with 100 in each . 
  those games are constantly being added to as players die and start new ones . 
  then there 's reddit as a vocal minority . 
  then there 's the fact that true randomness will be unaffected by the results of the previous circle locations . 
  then there 's reporting bias of these few people who do n't like military . 
  not to mention the self selection of the people who see a thread like this and think `` man i ca n't be fucked getting abused for voicing an opinion , i 'm out '' . 
  41 out of 60 games is unlucky , but it does n't mean the circles are fucked . 
  so the only thing stopping people taking the jewelry is that it 's owned by someone ? 
  is it because they ... respect them ? 
  why ca n't they respect people playing an online game and not abuse the rules ? 
  too similar to riki i think . 
  that 's why i thought it was a different type of attack , like he would counter viper too - roll forward with the ability everyone seems to think he has , then start meleeing into him without taking the corrosive skin damage, 
  ajax was a dude who was stronger than all of grease, 
  i 'm glad you think i have bad taste in dota personalities when your preference is the dick joke cracker that looks like a heroin junkie . 
  in your case , maybe . 
  could it be that combined with an immunity to passives ? 
  like a break will be really op, 
  they think their ancestors were misled . 
  they did n't always know what was happening to jews during the war , they just saw a war to be won . 
  and america did n't go in on nazi germany ( white ) until japan ( non-white ) pushed on hawaii . 
  this is n't a huge leap . 
  yeah can we punch nazis yet or shut down their rallies ? 
  or is violence and censoring `` free speech '' still not the answer, 
  you learn history from books , not trophies . 
  yes , yes , being nice to them and telling them their feelings are valid and that they should express them has worked so fucking well for the people here today . 
  if they 're normal right wingers why the fuck are they at a hate march where grown ass men are carrying flaming torches and surrounding and intimidating people ? 
  even with it he was nearly gone . 
  if faith had pointed his snakes at miracle , miracle died , but he let the snakes go free aim and half of them were hitting other heroes . 
  or left without an aegis, 
  you would n't give an alcoholic a bottle of champagne when he won something , would you ? 
  be sensitive to their culture and offer them a gift basket or something . 
  it 's not hard . 
  also just the internet and people being dickheads because they 're anon, 
  looks like someone muted you dude, 
  because the best humour is that which is relevant . 
   what 's with the make america great again hat ? 
  so , everyone who voted trump is in the kkk ? 
  no , but everyone in the kkk probably has one of those sitting at home . 
  what the fuck . 
  some redneck nazi drove his car through a crowd of protesters today and killed one . 
  last night a mob of white supremacists marched across the campus of the university of virginia with literal flaming torches . 
  how the fuck is this not a shitty situation , regardless of how you 're connected to it ? 
  and you say it 's unrelated to trump ? 
  the fucking grand wizard of the ku klux klan was at the rally and said , ** `` we are going to fulfill the promises of donald trump . 
  that 's what we believed in . 
  that 's why we voted for donald trump , because he said he 's going to take our country back . 
  the fucking ku klux klan , the racist terrorist group that terrorised black america for decades are invoking the name of the sitting president as their inspiration .
