  edit : apart from the try, 
  golden age . 
  highlanders had a top super squad last week despite being missing a few on abs/m \u0101ori duty . 
  straight up denny crane from boston legal situation for the white house . 
  not under investigation . 
  that would be highest samoan score . 
  nah , because it can all topple over at any point during the year . 
  rsa and aussie will both push us over if they play strongly , and we 'll lose to other strong teams too ( ireland ! ), 
  ### if in doubt , blame it on gout lol, 
  little legend man , he had it on a properly printed out poster too !, 
  * whispers * ^ ^ and ^ ^ kerr-barlow, 
  we 're half backs all the way down \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  oh fuck where 's that best rugby memory thread bc this is it, 
  lol fuck, 
  ooooooo stop it it 's all too good haha, 
  that scoreline really did n't reflect the first half samoa put in . 
  they kept the abs in their own half for most of that 40 minutes , and were pretty bloody good at it . 
  naholo should have cracked it after his highlanders performance on tuesday . 
  much better there than savea was tonight . 
  even his contract shit was fine really . 
  he went back to the roosters because he promised he would * years * ago . 
  there 's a few comments on here saying they thought it was originally a bad shoot , but now they 've changed their minds . 
  i 'm wondering , are there any leos who thought it was a bad shoot , and continue to do so , and think that the jury might have got it wrong ? 
  lol . 
  when britain joined the eu they dropped our farmers in the shitter and flushed twice . 
  we lost our biggest market for our biggest export industry , and it caused a lot of problems here . 
  oh and as for soldiers holding the cw together , we sent them in wwii , but when japan joined up , the uk did n't send a thing down to us and aussie . 
  we had to rely on america . 
  let 's not pretend that the uk is some wondrous protector of the commonwealth . 
  we 've no illusions about that down here . 
  this sounds like the story for a great documentary that might win an award . 
  i got ta be honest , this is n't really a victory because half the team are away with the lions ... 
  oh wait , wrong speech, 
   it 's an attack on the idiots who schedule a game 3 days after the lions landed . 
  who have 7 matches outside of the test series scheduled . 
  who scheduled the chiefs 3 days before the first test match and the canes in between two of them . 
  who ca n't understand that rugby has moved on from yesteryear . 
  [ get the fuck out . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_british_and_irish_lions_tour_to_australia#schedule ), 
   who do n't realise that the freaking lions should n't be about how much money you can make off it . 
  our union struggles for money , and we 're the best in the world . 
  why should n't we capitalise ? 
  i love how rotorua is always so welcoming , putting on a bit of home weather for the lions !, 
  silver ferns are netball mate , 
  jonathan davies pushed milner-skudder right out of the line there, 
  yeah but some people get touchy if you accuse them outright of breaking the rules, 
  i 've heard wet weather can warp straight lines , so maybe that 's it ? 
  i was furious too , but the replay showed he already jumped and it was a hand not an elbow , so i guess it 's ok . 
  calms his nerves, 
  lol what , where 'd you get that ? 
  it 's ok , they 're giving you lads all the forward passes you want, 
  i mean , this does n't disprove karma . 
  what went around here wo n't come back around here because you did nothing wrong . 
  22-19 to fiji, 
  holy fuck the boot on the lad, 
  lol , halfpenny fell into it while being tackled , it 's the same as the tonga tackle on the welshman yesterday - kb did n't get close enough to wrap . 
  apparently we card for falling into a shoulder now . 
  get the fuck outta here , no one wants your racist horse shit . 
  tkb went in to cover the tackle on halfpenny . 
  halfpenny got tackled earlier than tkb anticipated , causing him to slip . 
  hp slipping meant tkb met earlier then he expected to , and lower than planned . 
  consequently , his shoulder makes contact , and his arms ca n't wrap , just like the wales v. tonga game last night . 
  definitely was n't a red card , definitely was n't malicious , and ~ ~ probably was n't worth a yellow . ~ ~ ok , forgot my own point i 've argued before that head/face contact is automatic yellow . 
  ignore that last bit . 
  like i said , his left arm went in to wrap and came up short because halfpenny was tackled earlier . 
  it was n't malicious , so everyone can stop yelling red card . 
  anyone else think that the lions backline just do n't look up to it ? 
  their forwards look good enough , but the backs do n't seem to present a challenge . 
  i got 750 first go round then the site locked up and banned me because ` lordhussypants ' is an offensive name :'(, 
  the rfu threatened to take our game against the barbarians away last year because they wanted to play the all blacks at twickenham and capitalise on * our * players , without splitting the gate sales . 
  remind me again why the english rugby union gets to make money off the all blacks but when the all blacks want to make some money we get a thread complaining about a british tradition as if it 's our fault ? 
  that must be a nice position to be able to take . 
  this was the guy who was in the car with his wife and 4 yo daughter when he got pulled over . 
  he 's the one that told the officer he was armed and had a permit to carry when he was asked for id . 
  he 's the one that told the officer where his gun was , and that he was reaching for his wallet and id . 
  he 's the one that followed the guidelines the nra sets out for interactions between gun owners and cops . 
  he 's the black guy that got shot anyway . 
  true , he only got to say `` sir , i have to tell you that i do have a firearm on me '' and less than 7 seconds later he was shot five times and dying . 
  that cop should never have been a cop , and he should be in jail right now . 
  he was never ready to use a gun , he was never ready to be in a pressure situation . 
  the ira did get some decent training to be fair , but then again i do n't know if they ever tried the whole lorry down a crowded footpath tactic, 
  i can get a lion cub for $ 3k ? 
  is this legal ? 
   trading, 
  what on earth is trading ? 
  like trading kills ? 
  towers ? 
  i defined that as part of laning though !, 
  i literally just realised unreliable narrator . 
  bartimaeus could be just talking himself up throughout , and we would n't know . 
  the only , i guess , verifiable story is ptolemy 's one because he does it with kitty too . 
  it blows my mind that some areas of america are so anal about this . 
  i live across the road from the bus stop that will get me to university . 
  it 's a main road , with heavy traffic . 
  the nearest crossings are 5min walk in either direction . 
  why would i not just cross ? 
  that shit was a pain . 
  i remember trawling through random users ' inventories to find the specific items i needed for my set before adding them and hoping they were willing to trade . 
  now we have the market !, 
  they only disagree with the `` should be in jail right now '' part .
