  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial ), 
  i do n't see how holocaust denial being censored undermines credibility ? 
  that 's like saying that not teaching creationism in a public school undermines evolution . 
  it does n't . 
  it just drives the crazies mad . 
  ( by crazies i mean those who think everyone should be taught creationism , not christians in general . ), 
  that 's a crap analogy for an historical fact . 
  you 're suggesting that by banning holocaust denial , the credibility of millions of people is out the window . 
  the stories of suffering from hundreds of thousands of jewish people , witnessed by the same numbers of soldiers , testified to by perpetrators , and retold over seventy years by the descendants of all of the above - they count for nothing ? 
  holocaust denial is a sickening train of thought that encourages hate , ignorance , racism , and divisiveness . 
  there is no excuse for it , and it 's not cool to be the edgy devil 's advocate . 
  those were real people whose lives were torn apart . 
  those were real people who walked into auschwitz and dachau and discovered the horrors of the final solution . 
  do n't discredit their lives by encouraging people to spew hatred now . 
  i got told yesterday , on reddit , that holocaust denial should n't be illegal , because it makes the holocaust seem like a theoretical event propped up by the government which made the law . 
  thanks for your feedback !, 
  i actually already have an ssd ( samsung 500gb ) , so i 'm set for storage options . 
  why would you suggest the 2gb version of the 960 instead of the 4gb ? 
  as i understand it , the z170 adds overclocking capabilities , which i do n't need . 
  in fact , the [ asus h170 ] ( http://motherboardbenchmark.net/asus-h170-pro-gaming/ ) i selected beats out the [ gigabyte z170 ] ( http://motherboardbenchmark.net/gigabyte-ga-z170-hd3/ ) in all measures except overclocking , so it seems more suited to me . 
  motherboards are a hard buy in nz , but i appreciate the suggestion . 
  ** hypothetical question : ** pretend you have 20 reddit delegates in california from s4p . 
  if clinton wins california by 30 points or more - a substantial lead - do those delegates vote for sanders at the dnc ? 
  or do they follow the primary result , and vote for clinton ? 
  no that 's fair enough . 
  and political participation is essential to a more functional democratic system . 
  i 'm not american but i 've followed the race because it impacts far beyond america , and one thing i 've noticed is that s4p can be quite ... intense . 
  in particular , the anger at pledged delegates for clinton , which is why i asked what would happen in that scenario . 
  by logic of their arguments , they would have to vote with clinton . 
  following their hearts , they 'd want to go with sanders . 
  i 'd be referring to the at large delegates then - the ones who may vote their personal preference as opposed to the majority of the voters in their state . 
  2k hours on this , easy . 
  it was my first foray into online gaming , and it sucked me in for 4 years . 
  i disagree with scrimgeour being so low - he was an asshole , but he was a good asshole . 
  i do n't mean good as in he was against voldemort , but he was a good person who acted like a dick . 
  remember the wedding where kingsley 's patronus arrives ? 
  `` the ministry has fallen . 
  that 's not a message of a man dying in his home after the death eaters found a way in . 
  that 's a man who died fighting , and went down with his ship , leading his people on to the very end . 
  reading between the lines , i 'd suggest that there was fighting in the ministry itself , between the imperiused workers like thicknesse , and the good guys . 
  but even then , that 's not the end . 
  harry and the others find out later on that scrimgeour was kept alive and tortured for information about harry , but never gave him up . 
  even then , even when scrimgeour was under the most pressure he 'd ever been under , when everything he loved was collapsing and his fight seemed in vain , he had trust and loyalty in harry and dumbledore . 
  he was flawed , but he was good and loyal . 
  ... as a side note , i 'd put snape with your top 3 . 
  `` always . '', 
  was a ridiculously powerful line . 
  yeah that was the real final right there . 
  the aussie uniforms make them look like bananas that are n't quite ready . 
  this is great news , but i feel like anyone who does n't want to sell birth control is going to take advantage of this worry :, 
   it is n't yet super clear whether or not pharmacies themselves will charge for the brief examination, 
  shit , i saw this once on a saturday afternoon . 
  line of cars all doing about 65 , b/c +10 km/h and you do n't really notice you 're picking up speed going down the approach to the big hill . 
  all of a sudden some dude in a sportscar comes flying down the wrong side of the road and burns past me , then does the same thing to the other 5 cars in front . 
  he must have been going 90 minimum , it was ridiculous . 
  weird thing was that he indicated to pass on the wrong side every time , and indicated to merge back in too . 
  probably because until 70 years ago , women did n't even have majority access to the workforce . 
  and then today they 're still dissuaded from taking these jobs , either by hostile workmates/workplaces , misconceptions of their ability to do the job , or because some jobs are just seen as belonging to one gender or the other . 
  one of my mates is a nurse , and he was one of four men in a class of 150 or so . 
  he goes to medical conferences and has people address him as doctor , even when he 's wearing a nursing uniform , because people assume a man is n't a nurse . 
  preferred os , and i own it . 
  makes sense to use it , no ? 
  hi ron , i 've just tried this with the same result : the install proceeds normally , and the computer hangs then gives a bsod at the login screen . 
  / u/logitechg _ csron i went for a clean install again and put the lgs on before any other software . 
  seems to be working ok . 
  in m\u0101ori legend there was an earthquake referred to as * haowhenua * , which translates to land swallower . 
  but while the word * whenua * ( land ) appears in the name of the hill , the prefix * hao * does n't , so it seems unlikely it 's referring to the same thing . 
  tamatea had a reputation as an explorer too : he appears in legends of the ngati kahungunu iwi , who were based on the east coast of the bottom half of the north island , but also in the legends of iwi from the far north - a huge distance to travel by walking or * waka * ( canoe ) . 
  with that in mind , `` land swallower '' could refer to his exploring , as someone who figuratively ate up the land/the miles as he moved around the island . 
  there can be more than one cause for something , you know ? 
  it can even be a cause that does n't align with your own thoughts on the legalisation of certain drugs . 
  sounds similar to the bombing of the * rainbow warrior * in new zealand . 
  in 1985 the greenpeace vessel * rainbow warrior * was moored in auckland harbour . 
  at the same time , the french government had been carrying out nuclear tests in the south pacific , which * rainbow warrior * was on its way to to protest against . 
  in a fine example of government sanctioned terrorism , agents of the dgse planted explosives on the ship , sunk it , and killed a photographer who was onboard at the time . 
  when the french agents were caught , nz was forced to trade them over under threat of economic sanctions in the eu that would have crippled the economy . 
  the french government promised that the agents would serve out their sentences , but in french territory . 
  they were transported to an atoll with french military facilities near tahiti , and less than three years later , both of them had returned to france and were free . 
   but if the money is already appropriated for one project , you ca n't just siphon it off for another thing , even if it 's as dire as flint . 
  yeah you can . 
  it 's called a state of emergency . 
  priorities . 
  crumbling roads do n't matter at all when you have human rights violations occurring . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.nrl.com/stewart-becomes-brookies-greatest-ever-try-scorer/tabid/10874/newsid/84527/default.aspx ) says that he took the record last year though ? 
  what 's everyone on about ? 
  let 's try this again . 
  crumbling roads * are nothing * , compared to human rights violations . 
  i was only arguing it because you said this :, 
   the point is that it does n't solve anything . 
  it 's a zero sum exercise . 
  you just trade one crisis for another . 
  bad roads are n't a crisis . 
  it 's a big step back in time , but it 's no crisis . 
  do you not have to wait for a scrum to be properly formed in league ? 
  in tonight 's edition of * who 's that quote !, 
  `` what are we doing ? 
  ugh , wake me up when it 's over . '', 
  ( a ) rabs, 
  ( b ) rabs ' wife before sex, 
  how does an nrl team afford a jar of gherkins in this economic climate anyway ?
