   did n't really reach out to minorities, 
  yet she won minorities . 
  trump won on the white vote , not minority vote . 
   she did n't have much to say that was interesting, 
  political policy generally is n't very interesting because it likes to preserve the status quo . 
  you know what is ? 
  wild , exuberant change . 
  like a wall . 
  or draining swamps . 
   she lost because she was inept . 
  trump has near crippled parts of the government because he does n't understand it . 
  he conducted foreign policy at a golf club by the light of a smartphone , and has alienated the leaders of several of america 's closest allies since . 
  hillary 's been involved in politics for thirty years , has served as a senator , a state and national first lady , and secretary of state . 
  she literally resided in the white house for eight years and saw how it worked . 
  she was in charge of america 's foreign policy for another few years , and was america 's international representative several times . 
  how the fuck can you argue that she 's inept ? 
  yes , but the name was given to them too around the time of the new sponsorship deal signed a few years back with aig . 
  they actually stay up a fair while i believe . 
  there was an issue on twitter with a sort of hydra effect going on with isis accounts , bc they could n't tell which ones were fan accounts and which were real , but when the real ones were shut down , more appeared . 
  i think the intel people were using it to monitor them too . 
  lol this is like saying that it 's not rape if a woman says yes then changes her mind and asks you to stop halfway through . 
  she asks to stop = pull out . 
  she wanted a relationship , then she got scared and wanted him gone because he was being mentally abusive and she felt threatened by his actions . 
  there does n't need to be proof of assault when he 's fucking stalking her . 
  oh and hey , why do you think people never leave domestic abusers ? 
  maybe it 's because people use shit arguments like this `` well she must have wanted him , so it 's not really real ! '', 
  yeah sorry mate , this whole thread just seemed really shit . 
  his immunity ? 
  bit late after he 's left . 
  yeah , i 'm sure an international sex ring wanted code words to tell their new members how to illegally find children to rape and decided that the code word they 'd use was one based on a 4chan meme from the mid 2000s , and which could be easily cracked by half the teenage users on the internet in a period of about a decade who coincidentally are now adults in law enforcement and the media . 
  why the fuck do you conspiracists never think things through ? 
  you 're seriously thinking that john podesta , who is obviously not a dumbass , would n't just choose a brand new code like florists , or greengrocers ? 
  god damn . 
  fuck , you even said yourself that someone said `` oh man , pizza has been used before maybe it 's this again ! '', 
  this is some boston bomber shit all over , except now it 's saying hey that was our code word it must be theirs too . 
  and these fucks claim to be smart . 
  damn , i feel really dumb now . 
  oh wait , no i do n't , because the point is still valid , and the incident showed an instance of a woman 's experiences were being marginalised . 
  so if i 'm reading you correctly , you 're suggesting that the media * should n't * report on white supremacist groups stating that they 're going public and recruiting on campus ? 
  what exactly is it that you think the media should do ? 
  because that sounds very public interest to me . 
  because it 's so frustratingly idiotic . 
  no it 's not . 
  if she wanted a relationship with him previously , she obviously told him to take a hike between then and the point where she made the complaint . 
  i agree , but the media should also report on this so that we know it 's happening . 
  this is n't giving them a platform . 
  it 's exposing them . 
  did n't realise there was a time required for a breakup to become official in the eyes of backseat lawyers on reddit . 
  lol you should be in a padded room somewhere mate, 
  they 're advertising already with posts on university social media pages and these posters . 
  people are going to find them no matter what . 
  the media is making sure that people who would n't go looking for them know they exist . 
  because it 's public interest ... ? 
  the fuck dude, 
   my mom scolded me for bringing them over and told me that everyone was out to ruin my life if they were n't in the same religion as us . 
  my uncle used to turn the hose on jw who came door knocking , so she might not have been too far off . 
  public interest does n't mean something the public will be interested in . 
  it 's what is best for the society , i.e. 
  informing society that these groups exist , and are threatening to gather supporters . 
  no because you actually believe it . 
  yes , but the pro is that people are aware . 
  if you do n't tell people , then word of mouth spreads only among those who are interested . 
  take pokemon go for example . 
  if you and i are pokemon fans , and you find out about it , you tell me and we both sign up . 
  however you know that our friend charles does n't like pokemon , so you do n't tell him . 
  the news covers pokemon go because someone crashed their car into a local river playing it . 
  charles sees the news article and now knows about pokemon go . 
  so do i , but i already knew about it because i was already interested in the fad . 
  if the news covers it , it provides awareness to non-interested and interested parties . 
  it can be assumed that the interested parties would have found out about it anyway through their own subcultures and networks . 
  the pros outweight the cons . 
  this is the base platform of right wingers the world over though . 
  if children are hungry , or not looked after , it 's because of individual irresponsibility , and that 's not the governments job to fix . 
  it was n't a jump . 
  you suggested that time should be a factor of some sort , and you specifically linked it to texts where she seemed friendly towards him , and the point at which she was fined . 
  that implies that time is relevant , and that there is some amount of time that needs to pass between showing interest in someone and reporting them for stalking/harassment to make it a genuine accusation . 
  i 'm not psychotic , i 'm just reading what you 're saying and taking the best possible meaning out of it . 
  holy fuck it 's been investigated for 8 months, 
  maybe if those first cousins were garden tools, 
  yeah , that 's why the group responded to emails and communications about the subject , right ? 
  should be ok , your cookies are number 1 . 
  you did n't quote the best bit where he says he stayed in new york for `` food and a good cheer '' and that when he entered ` the happiest hour ' he `` was not met with happiness . '', 
  this reads as if tommy and chucky had a lawsuit on rugrats, 
  he 's a conspiracy nut who successfully gained compensation from the nz police for the unlawful search of his home and seziure of several electronic devices . 
  are you suggesting a search and seizure occurred because there was nothing there and the police just wanted a bit of fun ? 
  the co-author jon stephenson won an enormous defamation suit against the nzdf in 2015 . 
  i suppose that he 's not a credible investigator either ? 
  depends on the country . 
  you could n't do it where i am . 
  also , a smart clerk would say `` sorry , we do n't carry that item in stock anymore , we 'll have to refund you . '', 
  rather than pull out something as blatantly anti-customer as what this guy did . 
  lol , that video was 4 minutes . 
  if parents do n't have 4 minutes , their priorities are fucked . 
  i 've only ever managed to listen to three podcasts without regret , so maybe they 'll work for you too . 
  the first is this american life , which i find absolutely fascinating because it covers both the most normal and the oddest experiences people can have . 
  the second is related to tal , and is called serial . 
  but , it comes with a caveat : i only listened to season 1 , and when i started season 2 , i could n't bring myself to continue as the story did n't grip me the same . 
  are you making an assumption about the parents of these kids in partiuclar ? 
  be careful about that . 
  the man in the video pointed out that they were in a good area , with good parents who had worked hard .
