  get the fuck out , there are more important things than a 20 year old vote in the wrong fucking electorate . 
  bashing people on the dole is n't a conversation , it 's a fucking party trick . 
  metiria exposed the issues . 
  because not all issues are equal and the threat to the lives of thousands of new zealanders is far worse than one woman 's sins . 
  it was a fucking single vote . 
  she did n't vote twice . 
  she did n't destroy ballots . 
  she did n't steal someone else 's vote . 
  she did n't do anything to change the outcome of the election . 
  she registered for the wrong electorate so she could register a protest vote because under first past the post there was no way to do that if your electorate did n't have the right candidate . 
  it 's a literal fucking non issue and every single person has run with it to discredit her because they ca n't come out with anything else . 
  john key did it 12 years ago . 
  he served for 9 years on $ 400k per annum . 
  why the fuck did he get to do that but a m\u0101ori woman gets turfed out in two weeks ? 
  tax evasion is n't life and death . 
  apparently metiria 's one vote was enough for people to call for her to stand down . 
  no , but everyone knows he deliberately enrolled there and voted elsewhere knowing it was wrong . 
  race matters here . 
  * they both voted in electorates they were n't resident in . 
  * one was a politician at the time of the vote , one was n't . 
  * one was a woman , one was a man . 
  * one was m\u0101ori , one was p\u0101keh\u0101 . 
  something in there drove people after metiria and not john . 
  how the fuck do you not understand after two weeks of national coverage that ** this is not an anomaly , this is every beneficiary 's lived reality . 
  every beneficiary interviewed in the last week has said that they would do the same , or have done . 
  a woman on rnz said yesterday she had to go prostituting to supplement the benefit . 
  a man said he takes cash jobs and does n't disclose them . 
  ** people do what they need to do to survive and instead of yelling at them for breaking the law we should be asking why is the benefit not covering their needs adequately ? 
  three homeless men died in the last month . 
  she was on the benefit and lied to get a bit more money . 
  do you think she wanted a fucking handbag ? 
   how might one perceive her voting fraud ? 
  so her vote did n't actually change anything , but that 's not the point . 
  it 's about undermining the democratic process . 
  when it comes to voting , everyone is equal . 
  when she broke the rules it was like she was saying `` the rules do n't apply to me ; me making a political statement is more important than the integrity of the system '', 
  not everyone is equal . 
  john key voted in one home he owned despite renting it out and living in another for the duration of the term . 
  so wealth means you can vote where you choose apparently . 
  a protest vote is a far more valid reason to register in a different electorate than `` i own two homes so i 'm rich enough to choose . '', 
  john key did the same thing she did , with less reason than she had , and while serving as an mp . 
  get fucked , it 's a non issue . 
  she was n't bragging you idiot . 
  she was saying to the others out there that she understands the position they 're in . 
  maybe it was because lying to the msd is n't as bad as letting a child die in a house without power . 
  it 's life or death for other people . 
  tax evasion is never a matter of life or death . 
  she did n't start the discussion to make people forgive her for her actions , she did it to get reform on something that harms people . 
   [ turei on thursday night said she had enrolled at an address where she did not live in order to vote for a friend who was running in the mount albert electorate in 1993 . 
  ] ( https://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/95393791/metiria-turei-faces-investigators-looking-into-her-admission-of-historical-benefit-fraud ), 
  24 years buddy . 
  key never lived in that house . 
  it was n't a home . 
  it was an electoral loophole that should n't exist because it gives rich people options no one else has . 
  maaaates , i 'm a simple bloke . 
  i see a south pacific bromance , i upvote . 
  i 've been ok with the interviews for the knocked out teams ( i wo n't call them losers because they 're not - it 's knock out competition and anything can happen ) , mainly because it felt like machine handled them all really well . 
  but what got me was this clip and the long spectacle of eg standing around . 
  why was it needed ? 
  i 'm not an eg fan and i do n't get it at all . 
  no one else that i saw got that treatment ( but then maybe i missed it , it 's possible ) and i do n't think it 's at all necessary . 
  yeah that 's a good interpretation . 
  says eg 's bloody strong , but they 're not invincible . 
  i dunno anything about you , but personally , i waited until i was 21 and i was far more ready for it . 
  i wanted it more than i did at 18 , and you 're even younger . 
  do n't push yourself harder than you can handle because you 'll burn out . 
  on the other hand , if you can do it , then do it , and write my profile name somewhere so you can remember me when you 're a 22 year old phd curing cancer ( or whatever you do ) . 
  liquipedia says kingteka is the captain though ? 
  mistake ? 
   12 year olds sing/dance/preform for milions all over the world . 
  and it 's still pretty damn impressive . 
  he just had his first appearance at ti where his dream was to play a big team on the main stage , which he did with og , then said he was going to sit in the stands and watch it for the rest of the week because he loves ti so much , then he turns up on the fucking panel a day later with merlini , who he will surely know about , and pajkatt , and he 's their equal there . 
  i bet you he goes back to his hotel and lays there smiling all night . 
  unsubstantiated claims on rnz , and metiria already stated she wo n't be on the list . 
  maybe do a minor fact check next time you decide to act like a moron online ? 
  hosking is their leading man , why would you ask questions about their taste ? 
   i would n't count on any `` yes '' votes from devout muslims on gay rights . 
  i would n't agree with this . 
  they can disagree with it but think that everyone deserves to live their own life . 
  one of their core beliefs is that `` there is no compulsion in islam . '', 
  you ca n't force someone to be muslim , you ca n't force your religion on people . 
  obviously this has been twisted and ignored at times , like any socio-political structure , but it holds true among your regular run of the mill 99 % muslims . 
  i agree with ... some of what you 're saying ? 
  but it 's the important bit about not wanting to abandon old values . 
  i think they 'd be more onboard with progressive stuff purely because they 'd see it as their duty to assimilate somewhat . 
  it might not extend to gay rights , it might . 
  i did n't say they were pro-lgbt , i said they might just tolerate it as long as it 's not shoved in their face . 
   [ although islamic law prohibits forced conversion , following the quranic principle `` no compulsion in religion '' ( 2:256 ) , ^ ^ 32,33,34 episodes of forced conversions are recorded in the history of islam . 
  historians have qualified such instances as `` rare '' ^ ^ 35 or `` exceptional '' . ^ ^ 32 in theory , islamic religious tolerance applied only to monotheistic `` people of the book '' , and pagans faced a choice between conversion to islam and fight to the death . ^ ^ 36 in practice , this designation and the dhimma status was extended even to non-monotheistic religions of conquered peoples , such as hinduism . ^ ^ 36 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forced_conversion#islam ), 
  those footnotes are michael bonner ( prof umich ) , timothy winter ( prof camb . 
  ) , david waines ( prof lanc ) , jonathan brown ( prof georgetown ) , and wael hallaq ( prof colum ) by the way , so excuse me if i do n't really care to listen to you over five lifetime scholars of the religion . 
  damn dude , so every muslim i know is n't a real muslim because they support gay rights ? 
  i 'll pass out the news tomorrow , appreciate you clearing that up for us !, 
  there 's a difference between raising a child in a religion and forcing an adult into it . 
  chuck me a quran verse for that if you get 30 seconds out of your time shilling for the anti-islam crowd . 
  is pew the company that predicted a trump win by 3 states ? 
  like i said , it 's a very different situation . 
  the major one being that adults have autonomy while children are entrusted to their parents . 
  the only example of the jizya in that article is isis who are an extremely bad example of islamic practice . 
  ordinarily it was a tax paid by people in regions ruled by muslims , and was not used to cudgel anyone .
