  but in this case he was right , so i 'd say he 's free from criticism here . 
  might be . 
  i remember reading a piece about patterson and his book industry . 
  the guy makes millions per year because he has what amounts to a factory of writers . 
  it 's how he can output a different book for * each * series he writes every year . 
  he did used to write them all himself , but now that he 's so successful he can do it this way . 
  it 's a complete business . 
   i am a crusaders supporter so this might be a bit biased haha, 
  crotty and todd out , rest looks good !, 
  remember when it was jones , jones , jones , jones , [ ad infinitum ] , jones ? 
  i 'm looking forward to the wales tests , should be fun !, 
  that 'll make up for it !, 
  the biggest shock to me in this game is the taco bells ads . 
  you guys can buy burritos for a dollar ? 
  so he can do fully sick passes like that one, 
  friendly fire, 
  thaddis is clearly a crusaders agent, 
  still the best defensive team in nz . 
  nice to see the attack 's getting a lot tidier too . 
  shit , this really seems like the time to be an otago uni student . 
  dagg 's fighting like hell for that # 15 jersey . 
  hopefully he comes in as the reserve fullback, 
  i almost want to transfer now haha . 
  he 's never really been a fantastic place kicker though . 
  he 's loved because of his running abilities , but it 's not enough alone if we want our # 10 to be the primary goal kicker too . 
  what happened then ? 
  i remember thinking he was n't composed enough to be an abs starter , maybe that 's touched his kicking too ? 
  why not both ? 
  first thoughts : mouthy prick . 
  read the article though , and he 's got a point . 
  they should n't be missing finals matches for a training camp - schedule these things properly . 
  the submitted headline is misleading because i thought it was referring to a couple of regular season matches . 
  why not ? 
  [ first of all ] ( http://indianapublicmedia.org/stateimpact/2015/12/21/vincennes-university-axes-bowling-management-degree-program/ ) , they seem to have dropped the program anyway . 
  but they also offered a lot of emphasis on managing bowling alleys beyond recreation - i.e. , tournaments and bowling as a profession . 
  the original degree was offered as a technical degree in the 70s - the equivalent of an apprenticeship where you took some papers . 
  it 's not a stupid program to have if it 's one of a kind in the united states , but if it was on offer in every university , then yeah , it 'd be pretty silly . 
  again , if you read the article , they do point out that bowling has been on a decline since the mid 90s and that this is the reason why the program has been shut down . 
  it 's more about recognising that those players have been a part of a season long campaign and respecting that . 
  sevens camps can easily be scheduled around that weekend . 
  that 's a silly way to look at it . 
  new zealand has a football team that makes it to the world cup once every twenty years , but we do n't turn around and say that football 's ` not a proper thing . ', 
  sevens is definitely a proper form of the game , and more importantly , it 's a more accessible form of the game . 
  the usa has a team that consistently challenges highly rated nations , while their 15s team gets hammered where ever they show their faces . 
  fiji is historically one of the two most dominant sevens sides , yet we all know about the issues of funding and participation for pi teams . 
  yeah , but you know what 's cooler than bein ' cool ? 
  i 'm saying it 's silly to say it 's not a proper thing . 
  `` it 's something the backs mess around with in the off season . '', 
  that 's what rugby was thirty years ago . 
  something the farmers did after they 'd milked the cows . 
  you did n't , but the original comment which this is all about did . 
   sevens is something the backs muck about with in the offseason . 
  it 's not a proper thing . 
  this fourth quarter is mental . 
  i thought gsw were going to sweep , but that 3rd surge and now this ... wow . 
  assuming you 're sarcastic , but in case you 're new and genuinely asking : do n't miss last hits , deny every creep you can , and focus on farming rather than killing heroes for those first 5 minutes . 
  if you 're constantly trying to kill your opposite and failing , you 're going to miss farm . 
  i 've never had this day dream , but i 'm like you - a major fan of history ( it led me to sign up to reddit b/c of a desire to be flaired on / r/askhistorians ) , and a student of it . 
  but rather than dream of showing the modern world to ancient peoples , i 've dreamt of joining them , and seeing their worlds at their time , rather than just studying from afar . 
  the great thing about it ? 
  we 're not the only ones . 
  we 're not even a minority . 
  listen to children talk about ` the olden days ' , and the fascination with knights and princesses and adventure - that 's all accompanied by a perception of the past . 
  now shift your attention to forms of entertainment aimed at broader audiences : movies , tv , books . 
  * game of thrones * and * the lord of the rings * are fantasy novels , but they blend magic with a medieval aspect - knights and kings , swordplay in castles , tournaments , feasts . 
  movies about history abound , mel gibson alone has three ( * apocalypto * , * the patriot * , * braveheart * ) off the top of my head that draw people in to an ( admittedly erroneous at times ) historical portrayal . 
  books and short stories do the same thing . 
  whether they 're accurate or not , they 're engaging an audience in history , and audiences eat it up . 
  why ? 
  simply because there 's so much of it , and millions of people experienced it , while we landed in this tiny bit of time . 
  as a personal example ( i love all the examples i 've given already but these two are slightly different ) , i loved * true blood * and * the vampire diaries * . 
  vampires are fun , but what i really enjoyed was how they worked with the lives and experiences of immortal characters . 
  in both shows , there are creatures that are 1,000 years old , and have consequently lived through an insane amount of history . 
  both shows utilise flashbacks at times to place these characters in those periods , and try and imagine different effects of the period on the characters , and vice versa . 
  it 's an eerie thing to watch , and exciting to think about if you 're the character . 
  what would you have done in 14th century venice ? 
  or the mayan empire in the americas ? 
  what would your position be if you found yourself upon horseback in the hordes of genghis khan ? 
  history is fascinating , and i do n't think it 's strange at all that you have this fantasy , because millions of others clearly do as shown by the sheer amount of historical material that floods entertainment mediums . 
  one problem i saw - sf looks too similar to the banned heroes b/c of his red/black colour scheme . 
  maybe make the banned heroes black/white ? 
  except disassembling to sell halves the price , even within the 10 seconds . 
  i did it with arcanes and only got 500 gold back for the booster . 
  this was what i thought of as the best team try ever when i saw the video . 
  30 odd phases into extra time , and they never gave up in the face of tough as balls irish defense . 
  am i the only one who thinks andy ellis is n't that great ? 
  of course , good service should be rewarded . 
  i was thinking in response to nisbett and marshall talking about how he 's nationally loved . 
  catholics are pretty chill on that stuff . 
  i came home once to find my catholic grandmother reading breaking dawn . 
  what this guy said . 
  rather than citing a post from one of our flairs , pm them and ask for sources so you can go and read them yourself . 
  this way you 'll get to make a proper argument based on your own reading , and not the interpretation of someone else . 
   flairs get pm 's for sources and additional information about subjects we 've written on all the time, 
  dammit , i must be doing something wrong :(, 
  this is what i 'm going to tell myself from here on out !, 
  the warriors are so far behind that the bookies over here have already registered my multi with them in it as ` lost ' . 
  i 've bet against them before and had them win , and bet with them , and had them lose . 
  they 're just as heartbreaking for gamblers as they are for fans apparently . 
  degrees in humanities teach you how to research , think about , and communicate ideas effectively .
