  to me , the only problem for wales is that it 's at eden park , and there 's some massive aura around that ground which destroys visitors and props up the all blacks . 
  walked past warburton and some of the others having brekkie this morning . 
  quite big those lads , ae ? 
  local cafe . 
  one of the local hotels seems to get quite a bit of rugby team business . 
  he might have looked smaller if he stood up , but when i walked past he was sitting up straight , and had his legs still stretched across the underside of the table . 
  did n't realise who they were at first , then laughed and said good luck . 
  mum told me it 's my fault if we lose tonight because of it :(, 
  got ta say , watching the uk stream just is n't as good without marshall to hate on . 
  these guys are far too agreeable !, 
  `` well you know gazza , i remember when i played for the all blacks , and i did play for the all blacks you know , i was the halfback , and we played on this very ground gazz !, 
  anyway as i was saying , i played for the all blacks , and i would n't have done it that way at all when i played for them . 
  the all blacks , i mean . '', 
  surely someone was held back there ? 
  how the hell did naholo get past ? 
  was it because they were still in the cup , 
  did he just wave for a 60m tee shot ? 
  pleeeease do it !, 
  they were both grabbing each other , and i do n't think either of them realised the ball had popped away . 
  shit , biggar 's look of pain as naholo hit his thigh . 
  hope he 's ok . 
  it 's barnes . 
  he 's made tragic errors before . 
  probably wants to make it back to the uk intact . 
  10 years too late and he gets it wrong anyway, 
  barnes been having drinks with lou vincent i guess, 
  do you not know who wayne barnes is ? 
  or george ayoub ? 
  we appear to have depth in every position except halfback . 
  the hands were going backwards , and the ball traveled backwards from cruden , so it was n't a forward pass . 
  as for the trash talk on the refs , george ayoub is the idiot who consistently stopped games at the rwc last year to use his tmo equipment annoyingly . 
  barnes is the moron who missed a forward pass in our qf a decade ago , and then managed to transform himself into one of top two referees in the world , and now he 's making stupid calls . 
  so that 's why there 's not a lot of respect . 
  we know he can do better , and we know ayoub is a moron who * is * doing better . 
  that 's a hooker with a set of good hands . 
  i 've got ta stop watching england play . 
  i just tuned in and mike brown dropped it . 
  it 's like i jinx him :(, 
  i see where you 're coming from , but i think it 's good . 
  it 's not fancy . 
  it 's not showy . 
  it 's simple , and it 's getting the point across . 
  it 's a message that is being aired on an accessible platform for the target group , when the media they otherwise consume is n't one the artist/writer/speaker can use themselves . 
  and the message is a truthful one . 
  the right wing in the uk definitely does n't aim to do the best for the working class , and their media is n't in the best interests of the working class . 
  so when the wc reads right wing politics , how is it enabling ? 
  hijabs , burqas , veils , niqabs , and whatever other form of clothing you 're considering here are often worn by women out of choice . 
  my mother has a muslim friend who wore a headscarf to work . 
  it covered her hair , and it was usually bright and colourful . 
  her son married a non-muslim and then divorced her , and after that happened , this woman left the headscarf behind and began to wear a much more conservative garment that covered a good deal more of her face . 
  it was her choice to do so . 
  her husband did n't like it at all , but her choice stood . 
  holy shit , that was insane . 
  namibia beat spain 34-32 !, 
  in maori culture haka were used along with songs ( * waiata * ) to tell stories and history of the tribe ( * iwi * ) . 
  some would recount victories , others would recount defeats or grievances against the iwi . 
  each iwi would have multiple haka and waiata for their different histories , and some would be specific to family groups ( * hapu * ) within the tribe . 
  the all blacks ` kapo o pango ' was created for the team specifically , while ` ka mate ' , the more common one , dates back to te rauparaha , a maori chief in the 1800s . 
  the haka was used by the all blacks , but was n't written for them . 
  as for other teams , the maori all blacks have one , the sevens team has one but i 'm not sure if theirs is unique . 
  i 'm not sure about the other super rugby teams , but i do n't recall ever seeing one . 
  there is an argument to be made that the chiefs have a strong link to maori culture that may be absent from other teams because they 're based in the waikato , which was the seat of the maori king movement that resisted colonial rule in the 19th century . 
  this could be why they have one where others do n't , but i 'd think it was more likely they thought ahead when they won the super competition while other teams did n't . 
  i think hansen has chosen cruden as the new carter . 
  that is to say , he 'll start every test he 's fit for unless we play against a team like italy or scotland where we do n't necessarily need a first string 10 . 
  they have nothing to fear ; the french are touring argentina and the welsh were shown to be extremely incompetent with bombs, 
  in new zealand we have security guards at every winz ( our version of centrelink ) office . 
  why ? 
  because last year some prick walked into one and shot a few people . 
  the day after it happened , the government hired a security guard for every single office ( over 140 ) in the country . 
  that happened the day after . 
  they do n't have guns , they 're just regular security blokes . 
  they give the impression of security . 
  but there was no messing around , it just happened . 
  i do n't understand why the us does n't just do shit . 
  concussion test i think . 
  that knock was dead centre, 
  it 's the same cut , not sure if it 's dried blood or fresh though . 
  let 's play hypotheticals . 
  if beauden gets himself yellow carded , who does the kicking for us !, 
  edit : we have a winner by majority vote !, 
  dane coles , step up to the tee !, 
  well they did . 
  just not the right direction . 
  this is n't super rugby and the refs are n't being pedantic shits . 
  piss off mate , it 's a saffa ref , not a kiwi . 
  60min mark aha . 
  how fucking scary must it be to take on ben smith and tamanivalu , beat them , get past them , and then be greeted by barrett and fekitoa . 
  it 's never ending . 
  yeah but it 's nice to be humble !, 
  you do n't blow the beaver horn for the third match of a test series you 've already won . 
  he 'll be saved for 2019 . 
  we need charlie ngatai bad . 
  nah , he would have just run through and made a break . 
  i can see why the radio was calling the welsh centres the best pairing in world rugby last week . 
  ... and we 're stuck with crotty . 
  let 's do this !, 
  look on the bright side , australia . 
  you 've got a fucking great coach . 
  look mate , it 's not funny if you explain it .
