  you 're american ? 
  i could n't remember the exact logic , but yes , this was it . 
  why do n't they use californian textbooks ? 
  more people means more books to form a majority , surely ? 
  not helped by the dumbasses you see on askreddit saying things like `` everything you get from a degree can be learned online !! '', 
  that 's not necessarily true either , although i 'm beginning to see why so many american atheists have this view of it . 
  like i said above , in other countries , our religious adherents , and even officials like priests and bishops , are far more socially and scientifically educated . 
  i do n't think you 're getting the point at all . 
  my post was n't to say `` let 's make this very unique combination of ethnicities and gender the next president '' . 
  my point was that america has some deep seated issues with race and gender that a lot of people are denying at the moment and blaming on the dnc and its behaviour with bernie . 
  or blaming on hillary being a part of the establishment . 
  my point is that while yes , people were angry with the dnc , and yes , people wanted an anti-establishment candidate , there is also a severe undercurrent in america that just stopped a woman being elected . 
  this will continue to be a problem in 2020 , and for that reason , the demographics of a candidate can not be ignored , because it ** will ** have an effect . 
  no , it 's the fault of those who voted trump , and those who did n't go out to vote . 
  no one else . 
  think back to the campaign , and the smear that trump brought out . 
  * he said that hillary 's husband was a rapist , and thought this impacted her ability to govern . 
  * he implied banks , financial institutions , and some of the people within them ran the world . 
  * he insulted people based on religion , and ethnicity . 
  * he focused on making america great again - in other words , returning it to the wasp america of years past . 
  now imagine that you got your wish , and bernie won the nomination , and ran against this foul man . 
  bernie is a socialist , and socialism has been feared in the united states for decades . 
  bernie is also a jew , and trump called on the age old anti-semitic fear of banks to drive his voters . 
  bernie also would have to deal with the higher rural white turnout which elected trump , while possibly facing a diminished turnout from minorities . 
  oh , and just to finish it up . 
  ** if bernie was the candidate that would have won , there 's something very ugly about the democratic base . 
  because every demographic except for white voters went to hillary . 
  ** so if bernie running is the magical fix here , that means that all those voters stuck with him . 
  the only variable here is the white vote . 
  the white vote that disappears when hillary runs , and comes back for bernie . 
  and it wo n't be white people suffering under trump for four years . 
  it 'll be the minorities . 
  but if what you 're saying is true , and bernie would have won , then white voters took a step back when hillary was available , and they just condemned minorities to four years of hell . 
  supreme court . 
  any justice trump nominates will go straight through the process . 
  they 'll be conservative , giving the right a 5-4 majority unless someone gets nominated and has been playing the ultimate long con . 
  as soon as that happens , gay marriage probably gets devolved to the states who then decide on it as they want . 
  with 31 ( i think ? ), 
  state legislatures under republican control , gay marriage can be repealed/blocked in all of those . 
  further , i would guess that the already married gay couples would lose the recognition of their marriages in those states which reverts them back to the old problems of gay couples not being able to join each other in emergency rooms , be automatic heirs through marriage , etc. 
  then there 's mike pence . 
  describes himself as `` christian , conservative , republican , in that order '' . 
  he believes gays can be cured by some archaic procedure , that evolution is a lie , and he 's the one that passed that law in indiana saying gay people could be refused service by christians if they felt it was against their religion . 
  that law can now go nationally . 
  again , because all three branches of government will now belong to the republicans . 
  so more people are getting money , but because you 're not getting more , it 's a failure ? 
  sounds pretty good for 8 years . 
  fair point . 
  so is hillary . 
  are you ok with his positions on minorities ? 
  not illegal immigrants , but actual us citizens . 
  polls did have her in front , but trump ran a late campaign in those upset states - ohio , michigan , wisconsin , pennsylvania - that gave him an enormous surge . 
  also there was comey butting his head in . 
  the media is supposed to report the facts and the facts are that trump poses a danger to america . 
  not only that , but there were * conservative * newspapers coming out in support of hillary . 
  hang on , trump said he * wants * to grow the economy though ? 
  first of all , scalia was nominated in the time of reagan , the next judge will be nominated in the time of the gop . 
  secondly , pence . 
  vehemently anti-gay , he will push for a justice that is as conservative as possible . 
  that requires kennedy to side with the liberal justices on every issue . 
  thirdly , ginsburg is 83 and kennedy is 80 . 
  there 's a good chance they retire or die in the next 4 years . 
  edit : breyer is 78 too . 
   state power to determine is , in my opinion , a step in the right direction . 
  if left to the states, 
  but when the states are governed by many of the `` thumpin nutjobs '' like pence , why would you want to leave basic rights to individual states ? 
  i agree that states should get to set certain laws , but something that is guaranteed to a citizen of the country should be inviolable by states . 
  when are the next elections ? 
   until we can establish that marriage is a human right and not a privilege, 
  marriage can not be a privilege awarded only to straight people . 
  that 's discrimination . 
  the queen is a figurehead and became regent at 26 . 
  her mother was never the regent , but the wife of the regent . 
  reagan was n't of sound mind . 
  bush is 92 but was in office 30 years ago . 
  you 're saying that america should wait until all the people vote for equality , rather than legislating it ? 
  if you are , you 're a very patient person !, 
   who pays for mandatory ptsd testing for police ? 
  what does mr king think should happen when a test turns something up - pull the cop from the streets ? 
  does this medical information become public record to be used against the officer in court or lawsuits ? 
  this could be achieved by allocating more funding to law enforcement , specifically for this purpose alone . 
  that way it does n't restrict their ability to operate , or burden officers with more costs . 
  when a test turns something up , act on case by case basis . 
  ptsd is a mental illness , so treat it . 
  and the information should be private , as all medical information is . 
  keep it within the department , and as long as appropriate action is taken re : treatment , why should it ever come to light ? 
   racial profiling is already banned . 
  it 's banned , but it occurs because of implicit bias which as you noted , everyone has . 
   many officers across the country have been fired and in some cases charged when appropriate . 
  if an officer is fired for a violent act , why would n't he be charged too ? 
  what i mean is , if it reaches the level of firing , how much further is the level of criminality ? 
  hope none of this is unreasonable to ask , you seem like you have sensible responses though so i 'd like to hear an opinion . 
  she 's making sure idiots do n't have guns , so that all the regular people who use them for hunting , collecting , protection etc , do n't get demonised by association with mass shootings ? 
  ok come on , in that form , the second amendment made sense when everyone had muskets . 
  today , you 've got automatic weapons and they 've got the most powerful military in the world . 
  i do n't see the need for the high number of guns at all , but i respect that you guys like them . 
  that 's great . 
  but stopping tyrannical government is a cop out answer . 
  you 're being frustratingly obtuse on this . 
  the very first comment that i responded to , accused hillary clinton of conspiring with the media , to promote articles that portrayed bernie sanders in a negative light .
