  in 1861 , with the outbreak of civil war , irish-americans were naturally found throughout the military . 
  the recruiting and organising continued here . 
  there were irish regiments within the military too - the majority of the tenth ohio infantry were irish-americans . 
  this meant that being put in touch with other irishmen was easy within the military . 
  the irish regiments were drilled by fenian leaders , meaning that the irish nationalists were building up solid command structures and soldiers within the us military , most likely with a view a war against the british later . 
  irish-american soldiers who wanted to attend the first fenian conference in chicago in 1863 were given leave from military service to do so . 
  the us government position on the fb and their raids was neutral at best . 
  as i mentioned just above , the fenians were given access to organise during the civil war years , both within the military through the irish regiments , and outside of it in the form of the fenian conference . 
  as well as this , the irish community was one of the most vocal anti-draft groups during the civil war , and it was hoped that the fenian cause might lessen irish opposition to the draft . 
  american recruitment of irish soldiers extended to use of federal agents in ireland , encouraging young men to move to america for work . 
  they were inevitably encouraged to join the military , and it was through this that irish regiments , complete with catholic priests appeared in an effort to assuage the irish soldiers . 
  another example of the government tacitly approving the raids is that of t. w. sweeny . 
  sweeny was a major in the union army , but took leave during 1865 so he could organise and lead the fenian raids . 
  while he was arrested for leading the raids , he was released quickly , and readmitted to the army with his former rank . 
  by the time he left the army , he had risen to the rank of brigadier-general . 
  others who were captured in the commission of the raids , or earlier , in the planning stages , were more often than not sent home via the railways , and their equipment and ammunition impounded . 
  in the post war years , the voting bloc was very slightly balanced , to the point where a community shifting their allegiance could swing an election . 
  this also led to a lot of leeway being granted to the irish community , and within it , the fenians . 
  so to summarise , the fenian raids were the result of irish nationalism crossing the atlantic ocean with irish migrants . 
  the formation of the fenian brotherhood , the american wing of the irish republican brotherhood , in 1858 led to irishmen from the community coming together under the like-minded goal of independence for ireland . 
  when war broke out between the union and the confederacy , the fenian brotherhood continued to recruit from within the ranks of the armies on both sides , taking advantage the irish regiments to find more sympathisers . 
  they were not endorsed by the us government , but they were not stopped either . 
  the government essentially turned a blind eye in return for their service in the civil war , and as a result , the brotherhood were able to build their ranks . 
  near the end of the war , they turned their eyes to canada - the sole british holding of north america , with the intention of capturing some part of it and forcing an english withdrawal from ireland , or at least , a diminishing of forces so the irish could rise up . 
  edit : thanks for posting this question , i knew nothing about it and it was really interesting to read up on . 
  will provide sources if needed , but they 're mainly journal articles . 
  copy and past leads to typoes . 
  i 'll answer this best i can . 
  i welcome any american historians to chip in if they can answer too . 
  if we still named people `` the something '' as we did centuries ago , henry clay would undoubtedly be `` henry clay the compromiser '' . 
  he was notorious for making compromises to positions he had held for long periods in order to gain something for himself . 
  in 1889 , john t. morse wrote that `` his panacea , his watchword , his purpose was always compromise '' . 
  peter knupfer says that his only `` two firm , consistent opinions '' were his `` hatred of andrew jackson and his patriotism . '', 
  as you noted in your title , most of the time his goal was the presidency . 
  in pursuit of this , he compromised his policies repeatedly . 
  i can find two major examples which i think qualify to answer your, 
  question : the rejection of the emancipation of the slaves from an original position of complete emancipation ; and the abandonment of his key platform of policy which he called the `` american system '' , and which he used for his first two presidential campaigns . 
  for anyone else who is new to henry clay 's story , he ran for president in 1824 , 1832 , and 1844 . 
  he was from kentucky , was the speaker of the house three times , and was a one-time secretary of state . 
  all in all , he was quite qualified . 
  of the two compromises i pointed out which i think would count as major changes to his platform , the american system was the one which was more personal to clay . 
  the american system was an economic policy that established a central banking system ( early vision of the federal reserve , which i believe was in existence as the second bank of the united states ) , and provided tariffs to protect american manufacturers . 
  by the way , these tariffs would significantly aid clay 's personal business if they came to fruition . 
  the american system was a key part of clay 's first two presidential campaigns . 
  by 1844 however , he had dropped it from his platform as it cost him the previous election , when he was painted as a capitalist conspiring against the working classes . 
  with his first two elections lost while running on a platform of emancipation and the american system , and the american system dropped soon after the 1832 defeat , clay also turned around and changed his views on slavery . 
  previously , clay had supported the full emancipation of all slaves , and the compulsory emigration of all freed slaves back to africa . 
  by 1839 , with two failed campaigns behind him , and the american system dropped , he found himself speaking in the senate against emancipation , as his sole path to the white house now lay in the hands of the southern states - in other words , the ones where slavery was viewed as an economic necessity . 
  whether his personal views on slavery changed , i do not know . 
  what is clear though is that by this point , at the age of 62 , clay had realised he could not win the presidency without the support of the slave states , and so he shifted his political platform to suit . 
  in the 17th century , yes . 
  african slaves at this time were taken from africa to barbados , where they learnt english working on the sugar plantations . 
  this was because there was no direct trade between america and africa at this point . 
  when they left barbados , they often had been there for a few years , long enough to pick up the language . 
  this led to a small window in the late half of the 17th century where whtie indentured servants and black slaves in pennsylvania and other colonies were able to communicate well and shared a common frame of reference in terms of working for plantation owners . 
  this led to several rebellions and uprisings , of which bacon 's rebellion is the most famous . 
  by 1700 , slaves were being shipped direct to america from africa , and thus not learning english in the caribbean as the previous generation had . 
  this resulted in a widening gap between poor whites and black slaves , as the lack of communication made common society between the groups nearly impossible . 
  this resulted in a three class system for whites , and a separate class for blacks below the rest . 
  sorry i took so long / u/henry _ fords_ghost !, 
  i did n't know enough about the topic , so i had to do some research . 
  add to that my wonderful skills of procrastination , and it took me awhile . 
  that 's probably a result of my own bias coming through . 
  the journals i was referencing referred to about 8 notable compromises in total , but i picked out two that came into play across all three of his election platforms . 
  to discuss all 8 would need a whole new post . 
  despite that , i think it would undoubtedly be a pejorative title in some areas , but in others it would be viewed as a sign of a good politician . 
  one of the scholars i read quoted someone as saying that clay `` had been seen to stand on the shifting sands of compromise , too long and too openly '' , meaning that he lost his credibility from his switching . 
  your positive view is true , but what i took from the reading overall was that he was quite a schemer . 
  his willingness to deal seemed to be formed by necessity - he could n't get what he wanted without flipping on his previous ideals . 
  he wanted tariffs on american goods to protect his own industry in kentucky . 
  he wanted roads and railways built to help that same industry match prices of european goods on the east coast . 
  but he dropped both to get southern support . 
  pick britons , spam longbowmen , upgrade all archery related techs , win game . 
  but if you have 40 elite longbowmen in a column , with every archery tech upgrade + chemistry , you 're doing lots of focused damage and you have more range than a castle . 
  meaning that while they 're trying to build cavalry , you 're killing all their villagers from a safe distance , your trebuchets are knocking down their buildings , and your archers ca n't be touched . 
  it 's even better when you have two columns of 40 archers because you can place them in flanking positions , and no one can just drop in 80 cavalry that quickly . 
  not to mention that huge range means you see them coming a mile away , and it gives you plenty of time to direct fire and kill them quickly . 
  i have n't actually read any of his stuff , i 'm sorry . 
  i answered [ this question on the mongolian invasion of europe ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2pg33w/why_didnt_genghis_khan_invade_western_europe/cmwet34 ) a few weeks back , which explains why they did n't continue into europe . 
  since this question is slightly different , i 'll expand on the old answer by looking at mongolian military tactics and the significance of hungary . 
  hungary was a friendly environment for the mongols . 
  it was good for feeding their herds and their horses , and that was a key part of their success in war . 
  the goal had been to capture hungary , and that was easily done . 
  following this , ogedai 's death distracted from further incursions to europe , so guessing what their plans were would mostly be speculation . 
  however , small parts of it are not speculative . 
  we know that the mongols fought in inhospitable environments - the invasion of china involved a * tumen * ( army unit of 10,000 men ) being sent over mountain passes to attack the chinese from behind . 
  these passes were considered impassable , but it was done . 
  in afghanistan , perhaps the most difficult place in history to fight wars , as shown by the long list of failed invasions over the past millenium , the mongols were again successful . 
  we also know that the mongols were masters of long distance communications . 
  their use of * yam * riders allowed their armies to keep in touch over huge distances . 
  this was how the mongolian armies in hungary knew of the mongolian victory in poland within 48 hours , despite the 500km distance . 
  it assured them victory as they knew no reinforcements could arrive to bolster the hungarian defences . 
  it was also what allowed the mongolians to scout effectively . 
  when the horde of batu and subedei came into europe , they knew where the enemy armies were to be found , and they knew their strength . 
  they were able to receive constant updates on this , and so outsmarted their opponents . 
  knowing this , we can reasonably assume that hungary would have functioned as a stepping stone to europe . 
  whether the mongolians could have been beaten once they took that step is debatable . 
  with their superior communication lines , and the scouting operations of subedei and batu , it 's reasonable to assume that the mongols would not have been defeated . 
  their use of decoys and ability to trick enemy armies into overextending before turning on them is well known . 
  it was how they defeated the polish knights .
