  so while he is a great all round athlete , he would n't even get out of the 100m heats at this year 's olympics , or the women 's 1500m ( men 's has n't run yet ) . 
  yes , that 's why phelps is the greatest swimmer of all time . 
  not the greatest olympian . 
  that 's like saying that someone who achieves a b + in 10 subjects is smarter than any of the 10 individuals who score an a + in each of those subjects . 
  and the heats for those races i put above were nowhere near world record time . 
  yet he still would n't advance . 
  his personal best at the hundred metres was a world record * eighty * years ago . 
  he 's well rounded , but he 's not the best at anything , so how can he be the greatest ? 
  i instinctively downvoted this , but now i 've upvoted , because you 've got to have massive balls to first escape the lunatic asylum , and then to post something this ridiculous !, 
  * gordon tietjens is the best sevens coach in the world . 
  * barrett should n't start for the all blacks . 
  sopoaga should share duties with cruden . 
  * ryan crotty is n't good enough to be a permanent all black . 
  he 's just so average !, 
  edit : you ca n't downvote an unpopular opinion it defeats the purpose, 
  ooh . 
  you ca n't say that about shag !, 
  that 's really quite depressing . 
  ahh . 
  i had an incredibly free childhood/teenage years compared to this , so i ca n't imagine this level of control . 
  especially with my stubbornness . 
  the decathlon is a collection of events . 
  it 's like an athletics festival in itself . 
  i heard a cool little fact about him the other day . 
  because fifteens is the premier form of union , titch scouted players from clubs , national sevens comps , and provincial matches . 
  in the twenty odd years he 's been in the job , he 's picked over 70 players from those scouting trips that went on to become all blacks after playing in his squads . 
  the guy is a whizz at picking talent . 
  i knew he 'd scouted a few , but i never thought it would be seventy . 
  an idea of how influential this is for anyone else who reads this - jonah lomu debuted in 1994 and was all black no . 
  ardie savea was all black no . 
  1147 when he debuted this year . 
  that means titch discovered 35 % of all new all black talent over the past two decades !, 
  deliberate or not , he apologised to the italian gold medal winner , but did n't apologise to the korean who got stretchered off and did n't get to finish his olympic ride . 
  that 's kind of an asshat move . 
  because every news article about the omnium quotes him saying that he apologised to elia , but nothing about saying sorry to the guy who actually got injured . 
   i hope he 's all right . 
  i apologised to elia after he went down . 
  yeah ? 
  well i had al paca 's mixtape before dr. cock there was even hatched !, 
  what ? 
  read what i said . 
  * cavendish himself * said he apologised to elia , but says nothing about park . 
  it 's a direct fucking quote , not what the media is reporting . 
  what the fuck . 
  why would he say he said sorry to elia , and skip over park ? 
  either he does n't consider park worthy of mentioning , in which case he 's an arsehole ; or he did n't apologise to park , in which case he 's an arsehole . 
  if it makes you feel any better , there 's a truck in my area that pumps fuel out of tanks when this happens . 
  he 's constantly parked on the forecourt of a local petrol station because it happens * all the damn time * . 
  you 're not alone !, 
  football players do it all the time !, 
   americans are salty because felix came second . 
  and that 's natural . 
  nah it 's not . 
  what 's natural is appreciating a good performance . 
  it was a * really * nice trailer park . 
  ha , as an english major , your roommate 's workload was probably massive too , s/he just did n't do any of it . 
  ah , my experience was a different novel to read every week . 
  it stacked up far too quickly for me and my friends !, 
  then again , if i had to sit and look at astrophysics like you , i 'd be crying . 
  ( i always enjoy your posts when they come up btw ! ), 
  so the guy he put in hospital was n't worth mentioning ? 
  nah , that one 's just down to intelligent thinking . 
  or you do both because it 's like 5 seconds out of your day . 
  lol , being competitive is natural . 
  claiming someone is a cheat because you/your representative lost is just being a twat . 
  the reporters asked him about the crash . 
  sorry , i do n't really go in for defending dickheads , so i ca n't get your pov . 
  nah man , he 's racist as fuck . 
  i mean , this sounds shitty as hell . 
  but what were they really expecting ? 
  it 's not like he 's got a whole repository of knowledge regarding global warming that he did n't put in the dvd . 
  if he did , it would have been a bad film . 
  literally the best given that half of this sub complain when the company tries to dictate how the game be played . 
  i do n't like the guy at all , but some of those were really unfair haha, 
  titch has n't said he 's retiring yet . 
  nzrfu said they would n't fire him . 
  we do n't need ben ryan , we have plenty of coaches here who can do the job . 
  titch 's methods are fine . 
  he just does n't have the players he needs . 
  most of what you say is correct . 
  but the people who scream all lives matter do n't tend to listen to black voices . 
  they tell them they 're overreacting . 
  or that they 're too sensitive . 
  and this shit gets explained to them constantly , but they wo n't listen at all . 
  so sometimes it does become about slowness or stupidity or ignorance . 
  you clearly did n't read my post thoroughly . 
  ok , well i 'll reiterate . 
  i played right through the opening weeks , and i lost plenty of games . 
  no one ever acted like that . 
  not once . 
  it was the main reason i actually played more . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  of course there was trash talk . 
  but there was n't toxicity . 
  so do n't tell me i 've got myopic vision of this game . 
   of course there was trash talk . 
  but there was n't toxicity . 
  different things . 
  welcome to the wonders of federal government . 
  it 's allowed states to manipulate voting practices for over a century .
