  since we went pro , only henry and hansen have gone over 85 % . 
  before them john mitchell ( reviled ) had 82 % . 
  yes , the abs play well . 
  but their culture is new in the last decade and a bit . 
  also , gatland 's a dick . 
  i can not take it an - oh i got it right ? 
  phew !, 
   he is also the only one who makes any sense on islamism, 
  what the fuck does this mean, 
  i do n't think it has . 
  i also do n't think clinton will do that , since trump 's apparently being audited already ? 
  and he has several civil cases against him , including the rape of a child . 
  legitimately could not have been any worse than it was . 
  at a guess , i 'd say the thumbnail worked for one but not for the other . 
  an image probably attracts a click quicker when people are coming to the sub to pay their respects . 
  lol , why does everyone point out her being barefoot while driving ? 
  is this a weird thing in the us ? 
  she was probably wearing jandals , and it 's far more dangerous to drive in those than it is to drive barefoot . 
  no they 're not ? 
  the all blacks are the only winners of the rc ever and the 2011 and 2015 competitions absolutely did not happen !!, 
  ( fixed though ), 
  should have saved it for dublin , this one wo n't be anywhere near as difficult as that . 
  ca n't wait for another 5 minutes of extra time as we struggle to break a tie . 
  shag called out cheika 's exact picks for the last test and cheika made some weird picks . 
  trust in shag . 
  6pm nzt on 3rd nov , nz m\u0101ori were paying $ 1.20 h2h , and $ 1.95 13 + . 
  midday nzt on 3th nov , m\u0101ori are now paying $ 1.05 h2h , and $ 1.30 13 + . 
  people picked up on the good odds last night apparently !, 
  i got ta argue with the vampire paedophile bit : he 's an immortal 19 year old , not a 120 year old man . 
  it 'd be weird to expect someone trapped in the body of a 20 year old for all eternity to gradually progress to prowling retirement home for his next date . 
  guys , can we take a minute to talk about these kids that do n't know how to crawl to mommy ? 
  what 's up with brooklyn just giving up mid-way through the race ? 
  that was awesome , are there more deposition dramatisations like this ? 
  fair , but then it gets creepy in the other way like `` why are all these immortal teenagers chasing geriatric tail ? '', 
  i think it 's just a pitfall of the immortal characters . 
   i 'm not sure if this is you trying to low-key accuse me of victim blaming or not . 
  maybe rephrase the first question you asked then , or just do n't ask it at all . 
  oh of course , that 's one thing that even legal tv shows get right . 
  will go a hunting now !, 
  i got the 13 + at $ 1.70 last night after i realised it was starting to adjust haha . 
  it 's not even a stuff article , it 's from the daily telegraph which means it would have popped up sooner or later anyway . 
   i suggest a standing position as others and myself have broken toilets with downright dangerous , but popular , lean-to . 
  how the hell do you do that, 
  looks like a feminist , ca n't see the sjw angle . 
  they also do some great investigative journalism . 
  [ like this . 
  ] ( https://www.buzzfeed.com/kendalltaggart/in-texas-its-a-crime-to-be-poor?utm_term=.yfbyk7zaj#.jcybjxdz5 ) [ or this . 
  ] ( https://www.buzzfeed.com/aramroston/in-an-unmarked-grave-a-baby-who-died-on-for-profit-foster-co?utm_term=.qe8e7dzqd#.uxxpg7eyn ) [ or one of the biggest match fixing scandals of all time uncovered in partnership with the bbc . 
  ] ( https://www.buzzfeed.com/heidiblake/the-tennis-racket?utm_term=.wo8zag738#.dy67xel6d ), 
  and even their clickbaity-aggregating coverage of regular news is good because it often collates a wide number of news sources and mediums together to provide a bibliography of sorts , so that a reader can find video and images of the news , as well as several reputable articles on it . 
  that is horrible , but it looks like they do n't run the company anymore , * and * as if the family had a hand in getting the rapist arrested ( since the molestation was reported to the grandmother who turned in her son ) . 
  i do n't see why this is a reason to hate the company , or the family . 
  see , here 's the thing . 
  from an outsider point of view , hillary has a whole heap of experience , and would make an excellent president . 
  she also has plenty of baggage she can be attacked on . 
  but instead , we 're seeing her be attacked for her husband 's actions , or her illness in september , or other issues * that have no fucking relevance * to her ability to run the country . 
  so a lot of us outside the us are kind of like what the fuck right now . 
  i mean , raping a child is a whole heap worse than having some emails ( that do n't actually warrant an investigation according to a partisan fbi director ) on an unsecured server . 
  but sure , she was a public employee at the time . 
  christianity has its flaws . 
  atheism has its flaws . 
  newsflash : humanity is flawed . 
  you see , the difference is that bill clinton is n't running for president . 
  the difference is that as far as i know , bill clinton never admitted to sexually assaulting women and get recorded doing so . 
  or you know , get accused of raping a child at a party hosted by a man who was later convicted of sex offences against minors . 
  you know what is funny though ? 
  that trump supports/defenders/apologists all seem to think that information coming out in the media is suspicious when it happens while you run for president . 
  guess what , people like to do due diligence on the people that may be elected , because if america elected a paedophile to the white house , it 'd be pretty god damned fucking embarrassing . 
  trump 's biggest mistake was running for president with the dirtiest closet the world has seen in awhile . 
  fyi : several unions count games against nz m\u0101ori as a test cap . 
  if this is an exhibition match , then the british and irish lions are an exhibition tour . 
  players only receive caps based on their home union 's decision to award them . 
  usa players have been awarded caps for playing against nz m\u0101ori before . 
  really ? 
  you think she 's achieved nothing ? 
  in senate ? 
  as first lady ? 
  as secretary of state ? 
  because for the situation to not be fucked up , she would have to have done everything - which is n't possible . 
  obama has deported more illegal immigrants than any other president , but there are still illegal immigrants crossing the border - so the problem is n't completely solved . 
  he also introduced healthcare that is helping millions of americans , and has saved hundreds of thousands . 
  but still not everyone has cheap healthcare . 
  and despite these two examples of the many things which he has done , obama is still called a useless president , or an underwhelming one , or a bit of a lame duck . 
  but all of that ignores the fact that neither obama , nor hillary , is a magic fix . 
  this is n't like a video game or superhero movie where one person can solve everything . 
  they have to work with other politicians . 
  and this election has shown that bipartisan efforts in the usa are completely off the table right now . 
  so tl ; dr , you ca n't expect the president - whoever they are - to solve every problem , because they still have to contend with all the other elements of the law making process . 
  fuck , even the states can conspire to hold things up . 
  this argument makes no sense though , because putin is a million times more corrupt than hillary could ever be !, 
  why would you want trump getting buddy buddy with someone like that ? 
  you know how there are term limits that stop us having barack until he dies ? 
  ** putin literally got around those and is practically at dictator status . 
  if putin can make a puppet out of his own country 's politician , why would n't he do it to the usa when idiots elect trump ? 
  moore is n't a trump supporter . 
  he went on to say some other stuff which showed the negative side . 
  you said she 's corrupt , but did n't say how ( emails do n't count ! ), 
  and you think war is going to erupt between russia and america for some reason , and that the solution is to give putin a puppet president ? 
  that sounds like surrender to me . 
   well , the streak / u/slowbacontron posted was consecutive 55 % games , not just a stretch of 55 % overall .
