  i 'm a bit confused by this , but is n't a streak the same as a stretch ? 
  i missed this game , but everything i 've seen from it combined with the stats looks like space jam irl, 
  ahh , right , i did n't think of it that way . 
  my mistake in interpretation . 
   she has loads of experience achieving nothing, 
  we talked about this . 
   she does n't have the power to solve stuff . 
  see previous comment . 
  literally everything you say after that is about corruption , and like i said , * the emails do n't count . 
  do you know why ? 
  because there 's been nothing in them that is of any consequence . 
  because before her , there were three secretaries of state with email capability ( madeline albright , condoleezza rice , and colin powell ) . 
  albright and rice did n't use email so this did n't apply to them . 
  colin powell used it and used private internet connections , and private devices , to do exactly what hillary did . 
  come now , that 's no fun . 
  this sounds like a slapstick movie, 
  we did play shit . 
  but ireland played magnificiently . 
  they were 11/10 and we were a 1 . 
  mate , there 's no other way to act . 
  we 've got the best team in the world , and we have to recognise a superb opponent knocking us back . 
  beauden & moody . 
  ok i only have one gripe with hansen - what the fuck was he doing putting barrett on without another kicker on the field ? 
  no dagg , no cruden , no sopoaga in the starting 15 , which effectively meant we had a kicker who has been trash for several games . 
  also aaron smith was n't fantastic , but perenara had one good try and then promptly fell apart with his passing . 
  personally i still think tana was the best . 
  we had a few good leaders in the late 2000s too . 
  that was a truly brilliant game to watch . 
  i was stunned for the entire first half . 
  we played so badly , but at the same time , ireland played so well that even if we 'd been on form , they would have had the lead . 
  credit to ireland for not just taking advantage of all black mistakes passively , but playing rugby at such a high skill level . 
  cane was fantastic though . 
  he does work you do n't notice , particularly on defence . 
  he 's not meant to be a flashy player you see doing stuff . 
  no , because the small amount of media i 've seen about him makes him look like an idiot . 
  i 'm in new zealand . 
  as a country , we 're far more liberal than america . 
  we have public health care , a green party that regularly gets 10 % in the election , and our conservative prime minister is to the left of , or equal to , obama . 
  most of my friends ( so arguably a lot of people who think similarly to me ) , all have the same view : trump is a danger to the world , and the fact that he 's got this far is moronic . 
  most of them like hillary , and support her . 
  genuinely like her , not just because she 's the lesser of two evils . 
  from what i 've seen , the bizarre factor that we 're all focused on is the ridiculous shit that trump says , and is allowed to get away with . 
  no one really gets it . 
  my non-white and gay friends have said that they genuinely fear a trump presidency , because it makes life that much harder for people in america like them . 
  again , how is he able to say something like `` deport all muslims '' ? 
  we had an mp who tried that and got laughed at . 
  america has a weird kind of politics . 
  and it 's ended up with a weird outcome . 
  lmao , the guy was holding a sign that said ` republicans against trump ' and got assaulted by trump supporters . 
  how is that ( a ) a clinton supporter , or ( b ) an assassination attempt ? 
  the party he started was literally called the * progressive * party . 
  he wanted workers comp , women 's suffrage , and inheritance tax . 
  he wanted labour laws , including 8 hr work days and minimum wage for women , as well as destroying the power of judges to legally stop workers from striking . 
  the guy was as liberal as you got in 1912 america . 
  yes , of course . 
  but hillary and trump have both name dropped syria and aleppo several times , so they probably do n't need to be asked about it . 
  they 've also dropped brexit and putin into their answers , so again , probably do n't need to be asked to name foreign leaders . 
  mate , they gave like 60 % today , and the irish bloody whipped them for it and gave 400 % . 
  if the abs had been playing at their best , they still would have been struggling against that irish team . 
  shit , you 're right . 
  he just said he would ban muslims from entering the country . 
  all 1.6 billion of them . 
  on the basis of their religion . 
  the most depressing part of that match was only getting an instrumental version of ireland 's call . 
  i wanted to sing god damn it . 
  you missed ireland beating the all blacks on your bullet point list , and i think it deserves to be in the comment twice . 
  it was dead at that point , and an irish maul could have taken a try . 
  why on earth is there a kill cam in this game ? 
  i know hardcore mode is coming , but fuck that , why is there a kill cam in * regular * mode ? 
  it completely ruins the game for any sort of mildly stealthy gameplay . 
  yeah , but it 's kinda different when you 're laying into a dude lying on the floor . 
  yes , all 1.6 billion of them . 
  [ here 's a breitbart article with the full quote . 
  ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/12/08/trumps-muslim-ban-not-fascist-not-unconstitutional/ ), 
   donald j. trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states until our country 's representatives can figure out what is going on . 
   most recently , a poll from the center for security policy released data showing [ ... ] 51 % of those polled , `` agreed that muslims in america should have the choice of being governed according to shariah . '', 
  so first , he wants to stop ** all ** muslims immigrating until the government figures out how to only keep the bad ones out . 
  that 's the dumbest thing ever . 
  it 's like saying there 's a dead red bug floating in your bowl of red punch and you ca n't see it , so nobody can drink from it . 
  then he uses sharia law as a scare tactic . 
  there is no way sharia law becomes law in the united states unless you have an extremely muslim president , and 50 % of the two houses are extremely muslim . 
  guess what ? 
  that will not happen . 
   all of a sudden, 
   over the course of 13 years . 
  i get your point , but lol, 
  new zealand too . 
  it makes sense because when you 're on a motorway at 100km/h , you read each word as it comes up rather than looking ahead 100m to try read all of the words . 
  the fuck, 
  [ what beard ? 
  ] ( http://i.cbc.ca/1.3838331.1478353805!/fileimage/httpimage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/original_620/estelle-davis.jpg ) there 's stubble , but that 's all . 
  i 've seen much hairier women in my life . 
   if you want to be one of the guys , you better goddamn look like one . 
  sorry , but what exactly does ` one of the guys ' look like ? 
  you seem reasonable , so i 'd like to hear your take on why ` negative treatment or impact ' is a troubling term ? 
  if you get rained on in your suede suit , you 're receiving a negative impact . 
  that sucks . 
  but the rain cloud is n't targeting you . 
  if you 're a white male , and someone points at you and says `` hey look , it 's a white guy !, 
  he 's a racist !,
