  misusing mandela 's words like this , and then calling a current politician a ` black hitler ' should be enough of an indication that this entire piece is a racist 's rant that somehow made it to the internet . 
  there was one good point to be found in the idiocy there :, 
   instead of starting at the top of the pyramid , the sport ministry should channel their time , energy and money towards the 80 % of black public schools which is in a dire state . 
  ironically , that dire state is a result of apartheid . 
  if you 're a blues fan , i offer you this small piece of comfort : i do n't think they 're anywhere near as bad as the warriors . 
  yes . 
  it 's often thought ( as in the post above ) that politics and religion are mutually exclusive . 
  this is somewhat true - today . 
  a thousand years ago ? 
  not at all . 
  popes had tremendous power through europe : kings were legitimised by papal recognition . 
  popes raised armies . 
  they were essentially princes or kings in their own right . 
  then there was the holy roman empire , with obvious religious links . 
  religion and politics were far more entwined back then than they are today . 
  the modern western world is very secular in comparison , and i think this makes it harder for people to imagine what that period was like in terms of religion and politics working together . 
   what frustrates * white * south africans is the mishandling of everything by the anc . 
  what frustrates non-white south africans , and the majority of the rest of the world , is people complaining about the effects of apartheid when quite often , they benefited enormously from it . 
   if there was some half decent leadership or unity in south africa, 
  try not treating 90 % of the population like trash . 
  there were smart people in power for a century . 
  they chose to misuse that power . 
   policies like these are so polarizing they damage friendships and race relations, 
  i have white south africans moving to my country and asking that afrikaans be taught in schools , and hosting church services entirely in afrikaans . 
  i 've met black south africans who feel uncomfortable around these people , because of the way they treat non-whites . 
  i really do n't think the race relations are as rosy as you think . 
  nah , just the one beer , & chips in the other . 
  his 7 yo will be holding the second beer and sneaking sips . 
  i have some hang ups about some white south africans . 
  i know quite a few who are fine . 
  however , i 've also had and witnessed these experiences which have made it clear that south africa is not a harmonious paradise of race relations , and that is not the sole or even majority fault of the anc . 
  the issue as i see it is this : apartheid robbed the bulk of south africa 's population of their rights for nearly a century , and when that was finally turned around , people had the temerity to complain about inadequate political leadership , when the education that would have provided good leaders was denied to those same people , and their parents , and their grandparents . 
  i swear that mills just lost the ball and fingertipped it to the other spurs player . 
  even in their mistakes , the spurs are killing it . 
  of course it 's the warriors that disappoint me by winning . 
  it 's hard being a kiwi . 
  do you mean ... scruffed ? 
  lightbox has n't been subbed in awhile . 
  try again . 
  i 've got better things to do with my time than shill for telcos . 
  i just thought i 'd let people know that something which has had the bare minimum of publicity ( i found out about it this morning nearly two months after it went free ) . 
  did you try just connecting an hdmi cable to the laptop you were using ? 
  personally i 'm happy about this because it means i can consider getting netflix too . 
  paying for both services ( and neon if you want full access ) is far too expensive . 
  [ if this list is accurate ] ( http://newzealand.netflixable.com/2016/04/complete-alphabetical-list-sun-may-1.html ) , then yes . 
  breaking bad , black sails , better call saul , seinfeld , mr robot , outlander are all exclusive . 
  as far as i know , the streaming services screw us over in the same way sky did - exclusive rights to a show in nz . 
  so what lightbox has , netflix and neon ca n't have ; what neon has , netflix and lightbox ca n't ; and what netflix has , neon and lightbox ca n't . 
  much the same way we used to have new shows air on sky and then we 'd get them on free to air 6 months later . 
  neon has got . 
  i use it on a mbp with chrome every day . 
  are you using it on an older model that ca n't update to el capitan ? 
  64 bit , version 49.0.2623.112 . 
  so quite a bit newer than the one that ms is warning about , but not fully updated to version 50 . 
  edit : just updated and it still works . 
  osx is el capitan 10.11.4 if that helps . 
  i 've had it working fine since march last year . 
  i assume they just want to lure you in to theirs specifically , and do n't care what you do for other content . 
  that said , they are trying to get more content , but having three ( or did a fourth one start up too ? ), 
  providers does up the ante . 
  it 's when you find old run down restaurants and make them all modern and swanky . 
  i 've got a question for you then : why are you so sensitive about someone being told to stop insulting other people ? 
  because that 's what this is really . 
  you 're being overly sensitive . 
  what does it matter to you if mike is criticised for being rude ? 
  haribo sugar free gummy bears . 
   i always find amusing when in these cases of sovereign debt , some people go `` well , it 's the creditors fault , they should n't have loaned so much '' while simultaneously bashing them for closing the tap, 
  generally speaking , the idea is to close the tap before you loan them too much , i.e. , be socially and financially responsible . 
  haha oh wow it 's like the movies, 
  never from inside their own half . 
  when they say hit the rim , do they mean the actual orange bit ? 
  or do they mean the entire thing including the backboard ? 
  quade has a great step , but i do n't think this is a good example of it working . 
  it looks like it 's more down to matfield just pre-empting the ball being spread outward rather than reacting to his step . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i thought that it missed and changed angle when it his the black protector on the backboard . 
  why did n't the raptors clutching in the first 4:40 of ot . 
   only seven have played in all 24 seasons : arsenal , aston villa , chelsea , everton , liverpool , manchester united , and tottenham hotspur . 
  i laughed a bit when i saw that aston villa is currently last on the epl table and 15 competition points below the second to last team , so are guaranteed relegation at this point . 
  hi , historian from nz . 
  we do n't really have founding fathers as such . 
  the original european colonisers who signed the treaty of waitangi with maori were somewhat duplicitous in their actions , and new zealand remained a colony of britain afterwards . 
  maori have their own figures who they revere , but unfortunately they 're often not known as well outside of maoridom . 
  i suppose the closest we have to a founding father is michael joseph savage . 
  savage was a labour politician in the 30s , who aside from [ having a * very * friendly face ] ( http://static2.stuff.co.nz/1367533852/669/8485669.jpg ) is also remembered as the father of the modern welfare state in new zealand . 
  his government and the one that followed put in place many of the social reforms that remain today or were expanded upon to form the newer versions . 
  as far as founding fathers go , he 's probably the major one for us . 
  in fact , if you 've ever seen those portraits of the president in us tv show , or i guess the queen in english shows/homes - that 's the type of thing which used to happen with savage . 
  his portrait was all over the show . 
  one of my friends actually stumbled across a framed portrait in an op shop the other day . 
  so we definitely have someone who we revere . 
  however , new zealand 's ( and australia 's , although they do have some really weird and kinda racist reverence for the first white colonisers ) situation is very different to ireland 's . 
  we did n't revolt against an occupying government , and therefore do n't have revolutionary heroes . 
  those would be found in maoridom , as i mentioned above . 
  better countries with similar histories to consider would be the south american countries who found independence with the help of simon bolivar : bolivia , colombia , venezuela , peru , and ecuador . 
  they all remember bolivar as a revolutionary who fought for his country , similar to the men and women of the easter rising . 
  the difference was that he was successful , while the irish were n't , but they inspired further action . 
  kiwis rule !, 
  i think it 's really nice of them to play this test at newcastle so that knights fans can see what it feels like to support a team that can score . 
  only time i 've ever seen it done in person was my mum , and she 's always had short hair , so it never occurred to me that it would be up in the towel .
