  veterans of wwii were hugely important . 
  firstly , there were a lot of them , and secondly , they all had a similar experience : fighting overseas to protect the notion of freedom , and returning to the opposite of that . 
  in the words of one veteran , ferdinand pearson ,, 
   `` it made me feel like something was wrong with our society , '' he explained . 
  [ ... ] `` i am over there putting my life on the line to help save a country , '' he continued , `` that is goin ' to segregate me back home . '', 
  when pearson came home from the war he worked with other veterans to help their community in south carolina . 
  they had a petition to the state government to get funding `` for agricultural training classes as part of the g1 bill and began adult education classes at the scott 's branch school . '', 
  as if that was n't enough , they used the g1 bill classes to recruit new members for the naacp . 
  so as far as organising goes , the returning veterans were greatly motivated to help out and did so effectively . 
  the clarendon county example of pearson and his adult education is only one instance , but i suspect there are a lot more across the country . 
  as for the importance of this ? 
  i 'd argue that the crm was largely a grassroots organisation rather than one led by a few fantastic leaders . 
  yes , the leaders were fantastic . 
  but to put an emphasis on this makes it seem as if they were the entire story . 
  the grassroots organising , like clarendon county , was what made it all possible . 
   if there 's a player whose mmr is way higher than anyone else , then just pair him up with the 4 lowest mmr players of the 10 ( i know this sounds like common sense , but valve does n't pair highest mmr with 4 lowest . 
  look at the ss ), 
  this is exactly what happened in your game . 
  absolutely fascinating . 
  bravo . 
  an inspiring story for all . 
  there was no legal ambiguity last time . 
  it was illegal poachers , with a ship registered to a nation whose government had given ours permission to take action . 
  the reason they did n't was because weather conditions were too dangerous to attempt boarding in , and the ship was low on fuel so it could n't wait around for calm seas . 
  sure as fuck looking up now, 
  ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/64876249/nz-navy-intercepts-toothfish-poachers ), 
  it was fishing in an area where fishing is banned by international convention . 
  therefore , anyone may take action . 
  it was flagged to equatorial guinea , who gave permission to the new zealand government ( after the publishing of this article ) , to board the boat . 
  therefore nz representatives had legal right to board the ship . 
  it does n't matter that it was outside the eez , because diplomatic issues were waived by the government of equatorial guinea . 
  just do n't come in your nuclear powered ships . 
  we a have a history of rejecting entry to those who try . 
  if you would , please refer to my first comment in this thread , where i state quite clearly :, 
   the reason they did n't was because weather conditions were too dangerous to attempt boarding in , and the ship was low on fuel so it could n't wait around for calm seas . 
  the only distinct lack of anything around here is your ability to read . 
  no offense , but this comment is spot on . 
  dota 2 / battlefield 1942 . 
  both 2,000 hours +, 
  that kid saying `` legalaction is too hands-on . 
  he should just let us fail . '', 
  sounds like someone who picked up on the shit vibes in the class . 
  i 've never heard someone voice a sentiment like that , unless it 's pointing out another student being a nuisance in the class . 
  til . 
  i can think of two possible reasons for this , which may have contributed to the rule . 
  i ca n't however , say for certain that all three are correct . 
  firstly , the pact of umar was applied through out the islam world which was predominately made up of conquered regions , yet the conquerors were n't enormously interested in conversion . 
  secondly , some muslims feared that knowledge of the qur ` an could lead to christians and jews making light of islam , or they objected to those groups learning their language . 
  on the first instance , i suspect that this may have something to do with ` backsliding ' from a conversion . 
  while actively seeking converts was n't a goal , they would n't turn away willing followers . 
  however , if a person had n't converted to islam , what interest would they have in reading the qur ` an or teaching it ? 
  add to this the context : these christians and jews were often living in their own lands , ruled over by invaders . 
  if you were reading the qur ` an , you would probably be seen as either a suck up , or an insurgent of some sort . 
  the second reason also pertains to the status quo of conquered lands . 
  if you have a somewhat stable hierarchy with a delicate balance being maintained between invaders and native peoples , then the ruling population does n't want anything undermining them so that they can keep a firm grasp of that power . 
  it 's most likely for this reason that it was seen best to keep knowledge of the qur ` an known only to muslims . 
  that could also be a factor , although i 'm not sure how christians and jews in the early islamic empire fit into the military side of things . 
  how were alliances in the war decided ? 
  i know the swedish fought with scottish troops , while denmark and norway thought on the side of germany and spain , and that many other states were involved ( i picked these as the most diverse ones i saw ) . 
  why was this ? 
  was it for religious reasons ? 
  political ? 
  both ? 
  family relations ? 
  it really depends on the nation in question . 
  for example , the announcement of war in russia was greeted by anti-german rioting in 1914 . 
  in moscow , there were riots in the streets and while at first the police tried to stop them , they gave up their attempts . 
  instead , they found all the german nationals in the city and evicted them , most likely saving their lives . 
  the distrust of the germans was enormous at the time . 
  this posed problems for the russian royal family too because the tsar had married a german . 
  germans who remained behind lied about their origin - the source i 'm using is a biography of frederick bruce thomas , who had a german wife who at this point claimed swedish ancestry . 
  this was in moscow though - the russian heartland . 
  in the south , at odessa , it was different . 
  odessa was a port city , with huge amounts of trade running through it , and consequently had a massively diverse population . 
  it was filled with practically every nationality from europe , and they were able to live there comfortably until at least 1916 . 
  in the case of russia , i suspect this is because odessa and moscow had vastly different histories and cultures based on location . 
  source : * the black russian * , vladimir alexandrov . 
  this is the most country thing i 've ever read . 
  edit : wow . 
  it really is the throwaways that catapult themselves to the top of your comment list . 
  the problem with it is that it 's basically blackface for dolls . 
  it reduces black people down to a basic stereotypical image based on the same conceptions of black people that minstrel shows used . 
  if you look at the pictures ( not the text ) on [ this page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golliwog ) , you can see pretty quickly that they 're * all exactly the same . 
  * so is barbie you might say , but barbie is a mass produced thing . 
  and even barbie has more detail than a pair of big fat red lips , and thick fuzzy black hair . 
  that 's why people have a problem with them . 
  in new zealand i 'd say it 's probably not been as much of an issue as it was in europe where africans are much more common . 
  but it 's still an offensive depiction . 
  if you still do n't think so , imagine a white version . 
  someone gets a white woollen ball , and puts two googly eyes on the front . 
  and some red hair . 
  that 's it . 
  if someone gave that to you , or to your child , you 'd probably say something like `` what the hell is this ? 
  it 's shit . '', 
  because it would be . 
  it 's simplistic , and cheap . 
  even in those first two rows of results , i can immediately see 6 or 7 different hair colours , about 4 skin tones , and even variety in the clothing they wear . 
  [ here 's a google image search ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/search?q=doll&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=v_8ovzn1fdhp8axtgykidq&amp;ved=0cacq_auoaq&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=657#tbm=isch&amp;q=golliwog ) for golliwogs , and the first ten rows are all identical . 
  one shade of skin colour . 
  one style of mouth .
