  paul ryan ai n't shit . 
  john mccain remembers when brendan fraser woke the mummy , and lindsey graham and rand paul are both kinda wonky . 
  the problem is n't anything the republican party has done , it 's what they have n't done . 
  they have n't found a leader and elevated them . 
  they have n't been able to do anything since they lost bush . 
  trump is n't a symptom , he 's the disease that came in hard while the immune system was down . 
  each to their own i guess . 
  i love fallon because he genuinely enjoys his show and what he does . 
  [ this was the next vid ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncw1mdpr1b8 ) , quite interesting i thought . 
  fiesta is like the best book ever and hemingway rules and how dare you how dare you but also this was all very good and i loved how you explained the national identity bit i 'm totally stealing that . 
  this is espionage . 
  to anyone who 's commented over the past few days or weeks , `` this is treason ! '', 
  and been told no it 's not quite there yet , * this * is treason . 
  using the diplomatic communication channels of a foreign nation to avoid detection by the intelligence agencies of the nation you 're in is espionage . 
  this makes kushner a foreign agent . 
  this is treason . 
  edit : i got a reply saying `` you have to be in a state of war '' , which is what i was alluding to in the first part of this comment . 
  however , i think that this is an outdated definition of war that is predicated upon the idea of a state of war being declared , and weapons being involved . 
  clearly russia and america are not at war , but there is a cyberwar going on , and kushner is an american who was , and is , firmly on the side of the russians . 
  i love the cognitive dissonance of people who think that sharia law goes with gay cake fucking . 
  like , they yell about saudi arabia throwing gays off buildings , but they somehow think that dems are going to enact gay marriage and sharia ? 
  so apart from not knowing what several means , you 're also ignoring the fact that there is an extremely good chance we are currently watching the new legal precedent occur . 
  i replied to someone else , but i think if this goes through and everything is proven , this could be the new precedent for whether cyber warfare is considered war , and therefore if this is a treasonous act . 
  uh , cheesecake does n't have to be baked dude . 
  still not a requirement . 
  the us is using hacking and social propaganda in other countries to fix their elections ? 
  or are they all doing that to the us ? 
  antisemitism was a big thing back then too , especially among the upper class . 
  in the uk there were a whole heap of english aristocrats who were basically nazi sympathisers and thought hitler had the right idea . 
  it 's not just that they thought what was happening was too crazy , it 's that some of them legitimately did n't give a fuck : because jews . 
  yeah , now . 
  this happened in 85 . 
  macho is masculine . 
  if an action is macho , it 's gendered . 
  if women can do it too , it 's not macho , and it shows that the action has been stereotyped as a gendered action . 
  almost . 
  women can do ` masculine ' things , but it 's seen as unusual . 
  just like when men do ` feminine ' things , it 's seen as unusual . 
  which proves why gendering activities is fucked up . 
  think about a bloke wearing lipstick , or even just pink clothing . 
  it 's not as much of a problem when it 's an adult , but if a kid or a teenager does it , they could cop some shit from their friends , e.g. 
  get called gay , or a girl . 
  no one actually thinks they 're a girl , or gay , but wearing pink is a feminine thing , and it 's outside the norm . 
  as adults , most of us realise that there are some nice shades of pink , and we 'll happily wear pink clothing ( or we 'll shyly wear pink clothing and claim it 's salmon , like ross ) . 
  now by the same token , think of a girl who only wears jeans , and likes to get dirty or scrap with the boys , or is into cars . 
  in the past , she 'd have been called a tomboy . 
  today she might just be called butch . 
  but again , she 's being called out for being different . 
  none of these things are inherently related to our gender . 
  that is , girls are not born with lipstick on , and boys are not born flexing , yet society has kind of accepted that that is how we should behave . 
  and that 's how masculine/feminine gets attached to behaviours and you find that a man who talks over people is a leader , but a woman who talks over people is bossy . 
  both are the same thing in action , but the descriptions are gendered and one is positive while the other is negative . 
  70 % of the population controls 90 % of the mass !, 
  he actually wears an earpiece in his right ear ( which you ca n't see in this photo ) . 
  i mean , do you really think he 'd be bold enough to ignore what other people are most likely saying * about him * when he realises they 're talking a different language ? 
  he probably does n't wear the headsets because it 'll fuck up his hair . 
  i think it can only be ( d ) if it 's ( a ) , because it 's so easy to divest himself of all oil interests and buy clean energy tech . 
  you 're missing something . 
  [ there was a law change in 2006 under labour that affected overseas based borrowers . 
  ] ( http://taxpolicy.ird.govt.nz/news/2006-11-13-student-loan-scheme-bill-introduced ), 
  some people ( including the subject who i 'll call mr. 52k lawyer ) who had student loans prior to 2006 had left the country and not accrued interest because the ird did n't know they were gone . 
  the law allowed customs and the ird to share information on location and pinpoint borrowers who now lived overseas , and consequently adjust their loans . 
  somewhat ironically , mr. 52k lawyer states that he `` buried his head in the sand '' and dodged repayments , but the ird media release says :, 
   borrowers who had repaid their loans by 13 november 2006 and had an interest write-off to which they were not entitled will not have the write-off reversed . 
  ... meaning that if mr. 52k lawyer had used the 13 years between 1993 and 2006 to repay his loans , he would never have had any interest added to his account , even though he was living overseas . 
  this is correct . 
  whenever the ird sends out a statement to you , it will show the loan amount , the interest accrued since your last statement ( e.g. 
  $ 1,200 ) , and below that it will say '' ** cr ** $ 1,200 '' which is the write off . 
  this is really cool , thanks for sharing . 
  do n't get neon , sky do n't need customers to give them the false idea that they have any value whatsoever . 
  i do n't have to take care of half the things in this list , but $ 60 a week for petrol per car is pretty bloody good going in auckland , so i trust that you 're doing the rest with as much care . 
  hey op , i talked a to a friend from the uk a few days ago about the differences and her main thing was the fear . 
  she said in the uk she was always slightly on edge . 
  violence being the main reason . 
  she said here , she 's relaxed . 
  it 's nothing like it . 
  it 's safe . 
  yeah , that 's why they have the rights to all the shows on sky . 
  as far as i know , new zealand does n't differentiate between tv rights and internet rights , so if someone has the rights to air the show , it 'll only be through their services . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  everything he says is perfectly expressed . 
  he typed urself instead of yourself , and swapped an n and a g , but nothing else in there is a poor use of language . 
  hello family, 
  imagine how much of their chat was ( a ) talking shit about him , ( b ) discussing relatively important plans , and ( c ) getting to know each other because some are newly elected and networking is important . 
  holy fuck sumail, 
  chip payments can be a problem though because they 're not instant . 
  this means that if you have $ 100 in your account , you can spend more than that with chips before it registers that the money is gone , and you end up with an accidental overdraft and the relevant fees . 
  by his definition * he is doing a good job * . 
  he wanted america first and less globalism . 
  distancing from the eu does that . 
  he wanted nato nations to contribute more or get out , and pissing them off moves closer toward that . 
  and if he 's working for putin , anything that alienates america from europe is exactly what he needs . 
   i wish with stories like these they 'd tell us how often the fbi sends these kinds of warnings . 
  it 'd be nice to know , but it 's also dangerous to the operations if it 's too open about how many people they are tracking . 
  be rational for a second . 
  the government is n't an amorphous blob that does all the things as one . 
  it 's departments , and mi5 is n't responsible for porn policing or arresting jim down the road who has n't paid vat at his shop in 10 years . 
  also , we do n't know how many people mi5 is tracking , how deeply they investigated this bloke before he attacked , or most importantly how many other people they 've found and arrested before something happened . 
  and lastly , it said he was going for a political target , which seems to indicate an assassination attempt . 
  he detonated a bomb at an ariana grande concert filled with teenagers .
