  these are two scary as fuck backlines . 
  if they all start playing their best rugby at the same time , this game would be one of the best of the season . 
  easily ( and cheaply ) reproduced , able to be identified at a distance or in less than perfect viewing conditions , and because it 's just smart design practice . 
  yeah , sure m8 , whateva, 
  someone said something about not liking rugby and cricket boys , he 's hidin ' round here somewhere !, 
  spread out !, 
  why would you want milk at 1am ? 
  jesus christ , i 'm a union boy through and through , but those plays are the reason i love league too . 
  fantastic try, 
  no one has mentioned band of brothers , but i 'd have to rate some of the episodes from that show above a lot of the ones i see here . 
  i 'm not good with remembering episode names , but the one around the battle of the bulge was awesome . 
  yeah , but you got ta admit it 's pretty effective with ben smith and the other chasers they have . 
  i think it would be a lost ball in normal circumstances , but because it 's against the post he 's rolled it down and still has enough control . 
  i do n't know how the tmo sees it being short of the post . 
  everyone else could see it touching the ground . 
  double movement ? 
  i think that was just momentum of the tackle . 
  he reached bloody far with his arm though, 
  this is quite stressful, 
  he 'll feel good about that after last week 's mess, 
  they started playing ` sorry ' on the sound system after woodward kicked it haha . 
  can anyone give me a tldr on the ` controversy ' about the bunker being established ? 
  from memory there was the story of the main incident which was repeated strokes over a series of visits to the cafe . 
  then there was a news video of key in public with a group of people , one of whom was a young girl ( 12  ) and he was playing with her hair . 
  then there was a still image from somewhere else of another person entirely whose hair he was playing with , potentially a teenager . 
  someone gif that try now, 
   quade cooper gets a simple offload away . 
  commentator : good work , by cooper . 
  the guy 's good in 15s , but i ca n't help but feel that he 's not got the hang of 7s yet and it might cost australia come the olympics . 
  qc loses it again !, 
  just send him back to the reds and let him excel at what he 's good at . 
  that 's like blaming coca cola for the world cup in 2014 being in a third world country . 
  they 're sponsors , it 's not their problem . 
  i 'm so sorry , you 're completely right . 
  dota 2 is their child , and it 's grown up and become a superstar and gone on tour . 
  mum and dad stayed home , so they sent the tour manager with dota , but they 're in regular contact . 
  now dota 's acting out . 
  whose fault is that ? 
  be reasonable and get over your misplaced valve hate . 
  no , because fifa organises the world cup . 
  valve did n't organise this , they just sponsored it and gave the rights to host to pw . 
   valve , who wanted to remain in a purely sponsor-like function , providing funding and integration with outside actors like the en-studios, 
  if you 're the sponsor of a big event , you can do that ? 
  you 're putting up the money . 
  ps while you and the downvoters are here shitting on my comments , the original parent comment of the thread has edited his post to say `` whatever was here before is now gone '' because even he agreed that valve should n't be blamed . 
  here 's the interview . 
  second question she answers it . 
  i never knew this and it 's a great way to get shit done . 
  although i do like piper going from wimpy/prissy to total bitch . 
  it was an average fishing trip . 
  the coffee was bad , the weed did n't get them high anymore , they caught one fish after a whole night . 
  in retrospect , it 's not such a big deal that it was bad , because it 's a good memory he has of him and tim . 
  i answered this a little over a year ago , and judging by the reply to the top deleted comment , gave a similar answer to his . 
  i 'll paste it here anyway , and judgements can be made , and arguments rehashed . 
  that is after all how historical scholarship flourishes . 
   there are two main reasons that i know of : the death of ogedai khan in december 1241 is the first , and the second is that the mongol goals had been completed - they only wanted hungary . 
   ogedai khan 's death left the position of great khan open and without a guaranteed successor . 
  the mongols did n't adhere to `` the eldest son inherits '' . 
  ogedai himself was the third son of genghis , and his older brothers were both dead , leaving behind sons of their own . 
  because there was no clear rule about succession , it was open . 
  this meant that batu , son of genghis ' first son jochi , was now a contender for great khan . 
  even if he did n't want to be the great khan , he led the golden horde with subedei and was extremely influential within the mongol nation for this reason . 
  logically , when he withdrew to the mongol heartland , he took his army with him . 
   the second reason is that the goals of the mongols had been achieved . 
  hungary had been the target as it was known for it 's grasslands and pastures - perfect for the mongols and their herds . 
  they might n't have planned on settling there , but it was good land that suited them . 
  beyond hungary lay much rougher terrain that was ill suited for them . 
  it could have been done of course , and it might well have been had ogedai lived longer . 
  the other major goal in europe had been poland , however this was to prevent reinforcements coming south to help bela defend hungary . 
   so the mongols had the ability to continue west into europe , but did n't . 
  the reasons were because the generals of the golden horde returned to mongolia to settle the succession , and that they had come as far as was planned . 
  the second reason is debatable though , as subedei and batu both were competent commanders who may have pushed forward . 
  this is however , speculative . 
   source : * genghis khan : life , death and resurrection * by john man . 
  in response to the thesis that / u/steko posted , i would agree with the theory that fortifications posed a problem to the mongols , but only in the sheer number that europe had . 
  the mongols had taken many fortified cities through their conquest , but the prevalence of castles in europe was a different matter . 
  it meant that the mongolian army would eventually be surrounded by fortified encampments if they could n't take down each one quickly - and they often relied on siege tactics ( starvation and waiting out an enemy ) . 
  [ i discussed this in further detail in this answer . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2qugbv/i_just_got_done_listening_to_dan_carlins_5_part/ ), 
  good question !, 
  i do n't know that they actually did hold hungary . 
  from memory , ( i 'm in the middle of moving and am not sure where my books are at the moment ) , they defeated the army on the field but could n't take all the cities because there were so many that were fortified . 
  they did take the capital , but leaving all those pockets of resistance left the hungarian power structure somewhat intact . 
  if i remember to , i 'll try find out more on this in the morning !, 
  i do n't know enough about the succession issues with jochi and his line to answer this without it being speculation , sorry !, 
   i must ask , is this the frustration i hear about from the ~ ~ canes ~ ~ non-crusaders fans all too often ? 
  yes . 
  that 's cricket mate, 
  there was no situation in those three penalties where a try looked like being scored though ? 
  plus side , there are shit loads of australians and argentinians in england . 
  so samoa , fiji , and tonga still get dick ? 
  ... and none of those looked like rolling to the try line anyway . 
  they were shit mauls , and at least one of them looked more like a blues scrum wheeling and crumpling . 
  is this crowd really boring and quiet , or do the networks dull the crowd noise so everything else can be heard ? 
  but you 're voting to elect a leader , so would n't clinton be the best option in that case , and have bernie in the senate as the public servant ? 
  if he 's fighting for the people , but he 's not a leader , then it seems to me like he 'd be more suited to stay in the house and work to pass laws that matter . 
  i might be misunderstanding this , but that 's how i see it . 
  munster man of match , right ? 
  this is fantastic, 
  got ta be good at something,
