  reality tv is n't my style but this sounds awesome . 
  edit : for anyone looking , here you go - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx7s03hbc0i, 
  well when donald glover left the show did seem to take a bit of a dive . 
  it 's ok , you can still do stuff !, 
  i do n't know how , but you can !, 
  i 'd make a list of all the things i want to do but never have time for . 
  then i 'd start trying to cross off one every week maybe . 
  ramp it up a bit to two or three a week , and that 's half the laziness gone . 
  that 's all you need . 
  i 'm down, 
  while / u/thefourthmaninaboat makes good points about oral history , he mainly tied it to western methods of practicing history . 
  in the west , most cultures have a written language , and that is the form their histories take . 
  in other cultures , that 's not the case . 
  in new zealand , the m\u0101ori had no written language until the arrival of european missionaries who taught them to use our alphabet , and turned the spoken language into a written one . 
  prior to this , oral history was the only form of recounting the history of the * iwi * ( tribes ) and the people as a whole . 
  this obviously intersects with other aspects of m\u0101ori culture , like the fact that they did n't have the same concept of time as europeans . 
  while the west measures dates from the birth of jesus , and referred to events as occurring in 1798 , or 1866 , m\u0101ori tracked events by the relation to their * whakapapa * ( genealogy ) . 
  so the arrival of captain cook in 1769 might have been referred to by mid-19th century m\u0101ori as occurring in the time of their grandfathers , while earlier events would be attached to earlier ancestors . 
  in this regard , oral histories appear quite vague and unreliable when viewed through a western lens that values documentation , hard fact , and ordered chronologies . 
  but oral histories have been shown to be very accurate . 
  judith binney has an example of this in a book chapter titled ` encounters across time ' ( it appears in the book * telling stories : indigenous history and memory in australia and new zealand * , eds . 
  bain attwood and fiona magowan , wellington , 2001 ) . 
  i ca n't remember the exact details , but binney discovered some old photographs of m\u0101ori , took them to the region where they had lived , and local m\u0101ori who had no copies of the photographs were able to point out who these people were and tell their stories , despite them having been dead for decades . 
  another article about oral history is [ 'm \u0101ori oral narratives ' ] ( http://www.nzjh.auckland.ac.nz/document?wid=1010&amp;page=0&amp;action=searchresult&amp;target= ) , also by binney . 
  in that she writes that oral histories have a lifespan many times that of writte histories , which are constantly revised . 
  but in the same way , details are changed in oral histories which refresh them and keep the history alive in the culture of the people . 
  she also gives several examples of how oral history is recorded among m\u0101ori , and probably the most easily understood one for westerners is * waiata * or song . 
  because songs have a repetitive rhythm , like poetry , they 're easily remembered . 
  think nursery rhymes , hymns , pop songs , and those silly songs you sang as children . 
  many of them will stick in your head thought you made no conscious effort to learn them . 
  in the same way , a song recounting the oral history can be easily remembered and taught to new generations , ensuring the history will endure through time . 
  well i guess capone did go down for tax evasion . 
  donald trump is the subject of a dossier compiled by a former mi6 spy - who was n't just a spy , but the chief spy of the russia desk meaning he was very , very good at his job - which has yet to be disproven and includes allegations of strippers urinating on each other . 
  i 'm gon na say gladiator , but * not * the speech by maximus when he removes his mask ( `` my name is maximus decimus meridius '' ) . 
  instead , [ this final scene is my pick . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca_n_qvxbkg ) there 's something about scenes like this , where people rally around someone and honour them , that is far more visceral to me . 
  this scene in particular is , in my opinion , the true return of justice to that film . 
  commodus lies dead , slain by maximus . 
  he gives his final orders , and they 're obeyed , because the tyrant no longer invalidates maximus ' command . 
  the daughter of the emperor comes forward , and with a few lines , sums up the entire movie :, 
  `` go to them . 
  you 're home . '', 
  and follows it up with her orders to the senator :, 
  `` is rome worth one good man 's life ? 
  we believed it once . 
  make us believe it again . 
  he was a soldier of rome . 
  honour him . '', 
  the imperatives there are delivered so brilliantly . 
  it 's the immediate response i think that seals it . 
  the senator and all the men surrounding him immediately step forward , and that 's the kicker . 
  this man inspired such loyalty through all the hardships these men faced , that they move as one in tribute to him . 
  historian here . 
  negro and the n-word were the commonly used terms , and were obviously pejorative . 
  the ` pc ' one at the time was coloured . 
  as it became less and less acceptable to use the n-word ( s ) , because of their ties to slavery , coloured was used more . 
  african americans rejected this as it was still labelling them as other to white americans . 
  `` we 're american , and we 're white . 
  you 're coloured . 
  you 're not '' sort of thing . 
  african american comes out of that , and ties in to the shared heritage of black americans descended from the slave population . 
  the important thing to note here is that it includes the term ` american ' , marking them as a sub category of american , rather than something non-american . 
  the other point is that ` african ' is used rather than senegalese , or nigerian , because for many descendants of slaves , they have no family history prior to the plantations . 
  their histories were erased by slavers . 
  many do n't know what part of africa they come from beyond the west coast unless they do genome mapping . 
  ` black ' came into usage as a part of the black pride movement . 
  think black power , ` black is beautiful ' etc. 
  it was an effort to reclaim blackness as something to be proud of rather than denigrated . 
  importantly , coloured was a term given to the group , while black was one that originated within the group . 
  that 's the key difference . 
  similar to the difference between separatism ( choosing to exist alone ) , and segregation ( being forced to by law ) . 
  today , afaik , african american is used for more formal references e.g. 
  academia , news media . 
  that could also be academics buffing up their word counts though . 
  you ask them if they want a cup of tea and they say `` sure , where 's the stove , i 'll boil the water for you ! '', 
  and you never will . 
  we do , but most of us use kettles, 
  i think it 's something to do with the powergrid ( if there 's a sparky in this thread , they can speak up about now ) . 
  kettles draw a lot of power and i think the american grid is set up slightly differently to the rest of the world , so they do n't interact the same way . 
  ok first of all , who is boiling 4 litres of water at a time ?? 
  why do you need so much ? 
  secondly , kettles boil 1.5 l in like 60 seconds . 
  white pride is a stupid concept . 
  if you 're proud of being white , what exactly are you proud of ? 
  not many things link all white people : colonisation , the continent of europe , sunburn . 
  irish pride works . 
  or english . 
  or scottish . 
  scandinavian pride ( this one can collect several countries because they 've had a very close history ) . 
  black pride applies to post slavery culture in the us , so while ` black ' includes people of many different ethnic origins , it 's a culture in itself . 
  ` white ' is n't a culture , it 's a collection of similar cultures under a big descriptive label . 
  south africa is a drastically different system to the united states , and they use a lot of different terms too . 
  so in south africa , they had : white south africans , of british and dutch ( i think the dutch were also called boers ) heritage ; black south africans , who had no white ancestry at all ; coloured people , who were mixed race ; and indians , who for some reason related to colonialism ended up in south africa . 
  like america , there was a hierarchy of races . 
  unlike america , there was no one drop rule . 
  so while in america it went white --  black , and anyone with a black ancestor was considered black , in south africa , it went white --  ( and i think coloured --  black ) . 
  i do n't have a clue where indians fit in here , so i wo n't try . 
  south africans had government regulations about deciding if someone was black or coloured too , which led to some really crazy scenarios playing out . 
  so because of that hierarchy , coloured people were on the south african shit list , but i 'm pretty sure they were somewhere above black , because they were mixed race . 
  in that regard , it was better to be coloured than black , so the term has remained in use .
