  they 're probably trying to fix it and just removed it so people would stop bitching about the footprints not working for 10 minutes . 
  man , the reposts are going strong in this sub . 
  gosh , it 's like they made you like an actual pokemon trainer from the games . 
  both possible options , but you 're taking the negative , scaremongering route . 
  it has n't been useful for two weeks , and when it was there , it bugged out anyway . 
  what 's the fuss ? 
  bad argument . 
  in the games you 'd be fucked if they spawned anywhere , because of the battle mechanism . 
  in pogo there is no battle mechanism , so it 's ok to run into pokemon where ever you are . 
  the entire world is long grass now , because we do n't have the risk of whiting out . 
  what we have at the moment is the equivalent of being in a patch of tall grass and a percentage counter of how likely a pokemon spawn is nearby . 
  it 's fine . 
  he 's not on a bike lane though , he 's on a pedestrian crossing the entire way . 
  they 're not one way . 
   every so often , late at night , i come downstairs , open one of my books , read a paragraph and say , my god . 
  i sit there and cry because i feel that i 'm not responsible for any of this . 
  it 's from god . 
  and i 'm so grateful , so , so grateful . 
  the best description of my career as a writer is `` at play in the fields of the lord . '' it 's been wonderful fun and i 'll be damned where any of it came from . 
  i 've been fortunate . 
  very fortunate . 
  this is fantastic . 
  he 's so passionate and connected to what he does . 
  i 've been swimming in 5kms , but i 've had 2 10kms in the last week . 
  hatched both , and got two hitmonlees . 
  worst . 
  luck . 
  ever . 
  hitmonlee is like onix , except he takes 10km of walking to get . 
  twice . 
   i think the western world has had the biggest influence on the world ... at least since the age of the romans . 
  welcome to eurocentrism , enjoy your stay . 
  eurocentric generally includes america . 
  it is european cultures and their derivatives , i.e. 
  the west . 
  america is n't even using fpp though , they have some weird thing going on in the middle with the delegates . 
  that ( and election fraud ) is how al gore lost 2000 depsite having 400,000 more votes than bush . 
  if you 're poor , what do you plan on doing when you get sick ? 
  where do those illegal fire arms come from ? 
   building the wall, 
  nonono that 's the mexican 's bill !, 
  it is a difficult question though . 
  i 'm all for it personally , i 'm a history student and the idea of seeing everything to come is impossibly intriguing . 
  but i can see the other side . 
  you lose those you love , yes , but you 'll get new relationships , family , friends . 
  you could know your descendants 200 years from now . 
  but you 'll still lose them , and that 's going to be heartbreaking . 
  the constant cycle of loss would pile up . 
  then there 's the other scenarios . 
  is there an exit clause ? 
  are you like a vampire , where a stake will end your existence , or is it true immortality ? 
  in which case , you 're here at the end of humanity , when the sun fails and the planet dies . 
  or if we 've moved off this planet , and evolved , you 're the permanent unevolved ancestor . 
  or hey , maybe you fall into a chasm on earth next week and you lay there waiting to be pulled out . 
  but no one comes . 
  and centuries pass . 
  you 're walking around because you 're immortal , but you have no way out . 
  immortality would be a treat , but it would n't negate our stupidity , clumsiness , and the tricky situations that humans land in . 
  i 'd still take it . 
  hey , if you do n't mind me asking , where would i learn more like that ? 
  i had an oil problem ( did n't kill the car ) , and i consequently put my bonnet up once a week and check the oil like i 'm a pro mechanic , but that 's all i really know how to do . 
  so you 're not really poor then , are you ? 
  what if you get something with a 100,000 bill ? 
  you 're paying 20 % tax . 
  where i am , it 's 17.5 % from $ 14k to $ 48k , and 30 % from $ 48k to $ 70k . 
  i 'm assuming that covers you . 
  thats not a huge difference in tax paid , yet if i get sick tomorrow , it 's covered . 
  if i go to the dentist and get strong painkillers , i pay $ 3 for the entire 30 day prescription , when you probably pay more than $ 3 a pill . 
  it 's a small price to pay to remove the worry of what you 'll do if something goes wrong . 
  the irish republican army . 
  the name has been used for several armed organisations over the 20th century , but this poster is referring to the provisional ira , a group that sought to get independence for all of ireland ( including the north ) through political violence from 1969 onwards . 
  they were one of the main parties in the troubles ( the thirty year war in ireland ) , and were predominantly catholic . 
  they engaged on a bombing campaign in the united kingdom aimed at crippling english economic investments in ireland and killing/injuring political targets . 
  examples of these are the brighton hotel bombing where the tory party was having their annual conference , the mortar attack on 10 downing street during the gulf war , and the 1996 manchester bombing which caused 700 million pounds of damage . 
  the ira are described as terrorists , freedom fighters , or idiots , depending on who you talk to . 
  no worries . 
  i think ira is also a retirement fund , like you said , and it 's quite odd to see people in the finance subs encouraging young people to join up . 
  i thoroughly recommend you go and read about the troubles though , it 's an extremely interesting period of history . 
  especially when you contrast it with something like israel/palestine . 
  depends . 
  an employable skill is being able to communicate ideas in writing and verbal mediums . 
  you get this from arts and humanities degrees , e.g. 
  philosophy , art history , sociology . 
  these are largely considered waste of time majors though . 
  on the other hand , a business degree is seen as a high status degree , but it points you towards a certain sector of the workforce , and you might miss out on the finance jobs because there are too many finance graduates , while the arts major could walk into one of those jobs , or into many other sectors . 
  someone said above that humanities degrees teach you stuff that you could learn at a library or on the internet . 
  the difference between the two is that a humanities degree teaches you how to learn more efficiently , by questioning and researching and considering different view points . 
  you get some general knowledge , and a lot of specific focus points , but you also get the skills to expand your knowledge later through self guided learning . 
  this is a joke right . 
  no , i 'm saying that if that area is flooded with grads , then the arts major turns elsewhere while the business major will face a bit more trouble because it 's not as versatile a degree . 
  somewhat ironically , there are two completely different ways to read that sentence , yet i ca n't tell because you have n't used punctuation and/or all the words you should have . 
  now refer to my first post :, 
   an employable skill is being able to communicate ideas in writing and verbal mediums . 
  i 'm not attacking you here , but it 's funny how this is the upvoted response when students outside the west protest , but when black students in the usa protest as blm , reddit ( and other media sites ) call them terrorists . 
  hey man , sweet party , where 's the kool aid ? 
  they get a pass though , because they 're rallying together to reassure us white folk that they 're not terrorists !, 
  on the flipside , americans do some weird shit , like making coca cola with corn syrup instead of cane sugar . 
  blind taste tests have shown that the cane sugar varieties are preferred because they have a nicer cola flavour , and are n't as rich . 
  so in some instances , yes , it 's cheapness . 
  in others , it 's genuinely a palate .
