  lastly , the ideological climate of the period was perfect for this . 
  the naacp increased its membership ninefold over the war period , gaining mass support as america fought injustice abroad . 
  this was also only a decade away from the sixties -- the forerunners of the new left were now active in politics . 
  in 1939 , billie holliday recorded her song * [ strange fruit ] ( http://www.lyricsfreak.com/b/billie+holiday/strange+fruit_20017859.html ) * , which i 've linked to in case you do n't know it . 
  the lyrics are haunting , referencing the prevalence of lynchings in the south . 
  this is in 1939 , remember , the same year the war began . 
  only two years later america would be entering the war in outrage after pearl harbour , yet lynchings in the south were still a fact of life . 
  many african americans served in the armed forces , and when they returned home , they felt they 'd served their country and earned the rights of citizenship . 
  but the situation was n't much changed . 
  this was one driving force behind the protest movement . 
  after four years of war , strange fruit was still a thing . 
  also key was the fact that the united states had gone to war as a ` good guy ' , to stop the tyranny of germany and japan . 
  yet at home , african americans were still segregated and suffering under jim crow laws . 
  adding to the problem was the cold war . 
  america stood as the defender of freedom against communist russia . 
  the hypocrisy was striking when black children still could n't live in safety . 
  emmett till was viciously tortured and murdered in 1955 because he spoke to a white woman in mississippi . 
  he was 14 . 
  all of this contributed to more public attempts at protest , and a spurring on of the movement into the public eye . 
  the importance of the leaders themselves is difficult . 
  would the movement have been successful without dr. king ? 
  maybe not . 
  but the african american community had had strong leaders protesting against racism for over a century . 
  ida b. 
  wells , booker t. washington , w. e. b. 
  du bois and frederick douglass are the most famous and obvious examples . 
  they had all done their part . 
  and as i said in [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2r60o5/the_civil_rights_movement_made_martin_luther_king/ ) ( which is quite messy -- i apologise ) , the movement was n't made by dr. king or the other leaders , it was made by the people . 
  the civil rights movement was a grassroots campaign by african american communities across the country to change their situation . 
  so the leaders were n't a reason for a growing demand for civil rights , rather they were shunted into the spotlight by that demand . 
  the main reasons were rooted in the changing political climate , where the new left was beginning to emerge ; the ideological ideas of the forties and fifties , where it was recognised that america had fought in the name of freedom , but freedom was denied to a huge portion of its citizens at home ; and the continued atrocities of jim crow , in the form of lynchings like emmett till 's , and segregation . 
  the far left would n't be an active political party . 
  there is nothing like that in the national political system . 
  unless there 's a radical group within the democrats ? 
  otherwise , i 'd say it 's an unrepresented group , like environmental activists or something . 
  when i said most other countries have more than two parties , it 's because they have centre left and centre right , and far left and far right , and often more than one of these extreme parties . 
  there 's generally only one of each centre party that 's successful , but the fringe groups are more common , because the further out you go , the more ideological differences you find . 
  so look among american activist groups and see what there is . 
  environmental , native american , and pro-choice groups all probably exist and would constitute a far left . 
  but there is no far left party in us national politics . 
  point of clarification : calling wwi the `` first world war '' was n't common at all until 1939 , when wwii broke out . 
  prior to that it was only `` the great war '' . 
  haickel and repington were in an extremely small minority when they referred to it as the `` first world war '' , simply because at the time , people generally were thinking that there would n't be another war like this . 
  i do n't know about mountain ranges and plains * lord of the rings * style , but the english used beacons up and down the coast for this purpose - and quite recently too . 
  prior to electricity and the earliest forms of communication that came with it , a simple message that needed to be sent quickly over a vast distance could n't be done easily . 
  a more complex message obviously would need to be conveyed in writing or by word of mouth , but for something like `` under attack !, 
  '' , there were simpler options , like beacon fires . 
  england , being an island nation with multiple threats from the continent , often had to be aware of naval invasions . 
  at the time of the spanish armada , the fear of spanish invasion was huge , and the privy council ordered that bales be prepared on certain hills in southern england so that in the event of invasion , they could be lit . 
  the same thing occurred during the wars with napoleon , at the beginning of the nineteenth century , this time with beacons lining the coast of scotland as well . 
  afterthought : logically , beacon fires are the same thing as lighthouses - just warning of different dangers . 
  the lighthouse ` pharos ' of alexandria was built c. 280 bc , so it 's not a big leap from there to conclude that beacon fires were being used in the intervening millennium to warn of danger . 
  source : * northern notes and queries * , an old scottish journal from 1890 . 
  it references the * registers of the privy council * ( vol . 
  i. p. 73 ) as the primary source info for this . 
  as a history student , it was , `` oh , cool . 
  are you gon na be a teacher ? '', 
  i got ta confess , i said this to my friend regularly because he took 7 years for his undergrad . 
  at least yours in post grad !, 
  not your pal , guy . 
  ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ great ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ car ^ ^ ^ terminology ^ ^ ^ :(, 
  jesus , i thought the main car was going too quick for those conditions but the other car in that video powered past him . 
  no to the teacher question , and no idea to the other . 
  at first , no . 
  later , yes . 
  the laws regarding slaves were referred to as ` slave codes ' . 
  they were enacted state by state , and had previously been used by the british in the caribbean too , giving the american states the foundation for their own codes . 
  why were different codes needed for slaves and whites ? 
  because if the same law was applied to both , then the `` clear line of distinction [ that ] was needed between the two races '' ^ 1 would be lost . 
  without it , whites could not control blacks effectively . 
  the laws restricted blacks from learning to read , or write ; from leaving the master 's property ; from meeting in groups larger than eight without a white present . 
  it 's a bit of a surprise then , that after passing all these laws to restrict slaves , laws would be enacted to prevent the murder of slaves . 
  in north carolina , my example state for these following paragraphs , killing a slave was not recognised as a crime until 1774 . 
  the only thing protection that a slave could claim was the legal rights of the owner to seek compensation for any slave of his that was killed . 
  but , `` such a suit was for recovery of the value of the negro , and was not intended as a punishment . 
  in 1774 north carolina enacted law that recognised the murder of a slave as a crime . 
  in typical legal style , there was a staged punishment for the offence . 
  on conviction of killing one slave , a man could be imprisoned for 12 months ( which i believe in the modern united states is a misdemeanour . 
  yes , that 's right , in 1774 you could be charged with misdemeanour homicide ! ), 
  the statute got harsher though , and a second conviction was punishable by death . 
  the law concerning murder of another man 's slave was left the same , but changed in 1791 to read , `` if any person shall hereafter be guilty of wilfully and maliciously killing a slave such offender shall . 
  suffer the same punishment as if he had killed a free man . 
  '' ^ 3 a pretty dramatic turn around from the previous punishment of owing compensation . 
  it was later pointed out that the new law did not provide for different classifications of homicide , namely murder and manslaughter . 
  it was n't until 1817 that the law was remedied to properly provide legal protection to a slave 's life . 
  despite all this legislation , extenuating circumstance and the judgement of the court made every case different . 
  in * state v. weaver * in 1798 , the murder of a slave was justified by the master 's attempt to enforce obedience . 
  forty years later in 1839 the court ruled that murder was not justified if it occurred through excessive punishment . 
  this was qualified by the court saying that while punishment was necessary , if the slaveowner was found to have used `` barbarous and immoderate '' ^ 4 punishment , he would be found guilty . 
  if a slaveowner carried out the punishment of a slave with a deadly weapon , he could be found guilty , as the punishment was immediately held to be immoderate due to the weapons use . 
  in less extreme causes , the north carolina state supreme court also ruled that `` a party having no authority over the negro '' could be indicted for assault of the man . 
  this protected slaves from being attacked by white men who were not their owners . 
  their owners could not be indicted for assaulting slaves , * unless they killed them , in which case it became excessive punishment * . 
  for more case study stuff ( god , being a lawyer must be tedious ) , the excessive punishment rulings could be mixed in with the assault laws . 
  a white man , who was provoked by a slave , could punish the slave . 
  however , that punishment could not be excessive . 
  the case of * state v. jarrott * involved a white man attacking an insolent slave , before being killed by said slave . 
  the slave was sentenced to death but the sentence was overturned because the white man had attacked the slave with a knife , which was ruled a dangerous weapon , and thus was the incorrect way of punishing a slave . 
  in the same way , another slave was not convicted of the murder of a white overseer because the overseer had shot him with a gun when he attempted to escape . 
  the slave had killed the overseer , and it was ruled to be excessive punishment , and the slave was released .
