  the one thing 99 % of their responses have in common is the idea that `` it 's something that can never be forgotten , something that should never be repeated . '', 
  they are n't feeling down on themselves because they perpetrated an atrocity - because they did n't . 
  they 're honouring the memory of over ten million people who were murdered for ethnic , religious , and sexual identities . 
  you 're not supposed to own up to anything , and / u/r4ndpaulsbrilloballs is n't asking you to . 
  he 's saying acknowledge the history . 
  he 's saying to stop making excuses for some dead racists and instead accept that it happened . 
  it 's not your fault , but that does n't mean you get defensive when someone mentions slavery . 
  there were four million slaves in 1860 . 
  there were many that died before them . 
  remember that it happened . 
  remember that the effects are still present . 
  that 's all anyone asks . 
  choice . 
  segregation is a practice enforced upon a group , like separate bathrooms , seating on the bus , or schools for black and white people . 
  essentially , what was going on during the jim crow area . 
  separatism is when a group of people * choose * to be separate . 
  in extreme examples , it takes form in the desire for a separate state . 
  when it occurs within a society , separatism can generally be described as a drive for more autonomy for a group . 
  this is n't asking for freedom from the law , or for different treatment . 
  the best example i can think of is schools run by black staff , for black students , where education can be influenced by a community which understands its students . 
  mainly because it was immaterial to the exercise . 
  i 'd be interested to hear how you think that would happen . 
  fair point . 
  how would you tackle the problem of white teachers and black students , who do n't understand the problems each deal with ? 
  depends on who you ask . 
  a lot of women like ( d ) her because the subject matter she uses is familiar to them , and normalises the experiences they have on a day to day basis . 
  a lot of women ( especially non-white women ) dislike her , because she uses racial humour , is essentially only a feminist for white women , and because she 's got some pretty dodgy views on things like sexual assault and race . 
  as for why men do n't like her ... 
  i do n't think i ever heard a guy say he liked her , so i guess they 're just more vocal about it once a lot more people come out against her . 
  i got it for [ this massive post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/33kg1s/why_do_so_many_flags_use_the_colours_of_red_white/cqlvoxz ) on flags i did for / r/askhistorians while procrastinating an essay one night . 
  it was weird to think someone likes flags enough that they gilded it , but it was quite gratifying , especially on a sub like that . 
  honestly , i did n't really know what to do with it though ? 
  still do n't ? 
  separatism does n't necessarily mean cutting yourself off entirely . 
  like i said above , within a society , it 's often about autonomy and maintaining community values . 
  the amish are essentially separatist . 
  other groups like native americans , have their own areas but still interact with wider society . 
  native americans can maintain their cultural values , which would n't occur under forced assimilation , or segregation . 
  funny you say that , because i 'm almost certain i had the same reaction while writing that post . 
  but that 's what i asked . 
  a white teacher is going to have an entirely different worldview to a black student . 
  one faces discrimination daily , the other is in a largely privileged position . 
  there 's no way the teacher can ever understand the problems that the student faces as a black person in america . 
  that 's where having a black school for black students is useful - black teachers have had those experiences , or similar , in their lives , and can therefore relate to the student on a level that the white teacher never will . 
  oh and by the way , treating humans as individuals and ignoring that they 're members of ethnic groups is how cultures and languages die out . 
  those are important facets of identity that need to be preserved . 
  sweetie , we 're not in nature , we 're in society . 
  that 's the difference . 
   according to his lawyer , professor gates told the sergeant that he lived there and showed his massachusetts driver 's license and his harvard identification card, 
   according to the police report , professor gates initially refused to show identification . 
  so they have differing stories . 
  i 'm inclined to believe the professor over a cop , but ignore that for now , because i think the cop probably had the right intentions - someone called in a robbery , and he responded . 
  the real question , is why was his neighbour unable to recognise the man who had lived in that house for years ? 
  why did she assume that something * anyone * does when their door sticks , was a robbery ? 
  damn dude , you could n't recognise your neighbour on their front porch if they were facing away from you ? 
  ok , it 's not the exact same thing . 
  we 're talking about white and black people in america here , so i 'll stop using general terms . 
  segregation is ** imposed ** upon black people . 
  they have no choice in the matter . 
  they ca n't say `` hey wait on , we 're not ok with this plan you have . '', 
  segregation is jim crow law . 
  it meant that not only did white and black people have different facilities , blacks got * lesser quality * versions of what whites got . 
  as for calling it racist , that 's simply not true . 
  white people are n't missing out on anything that separatism provides . 
  for example , there are plenty of schools available that provide an equal or better education that white students can go to . 
  there 's a weird sense of victimhood among white people when they hear about something that 's especially for non-white people . 
  scholarships . 
  black history month . 
  jeez , the most obvious one is the n-word . 
   i think i 'll introduce a rule only allowing every user to make a pick against a team up to 3 times or else we 'll get people always tipping the match vs the kings/sunwolves . 
  i nearly said something about this after everyone cottoned on to northland being trash , but hopefully they pull one out of the bag soon . 
  separate but equal was n't separatism though , it was de facto segregation . 
  * sweatt v. painter * addressed this when the university of texas would n't admit a black student to the law school . 
  a separate law school was set up for black students , but it was found to be unequal . 
  i fail to see how separatism imposes upon white people though . 
  it 's not denying them anything they do n't already have , or ca n't get . 
  sometimes you need to make provision for a group that 's been discriminated against , so that recovery is possible . 
  seems doubtful though , while aaron smith holds the 9 jersey . 
  imagine perenara will go offshore after 2019 and get some cash . 
  hmm , maybe . 
  but halfbacks do n't often leave . 
  marshall and gregan both stayed around as long as they could , so if smith has the skills then ( and no reason why he should n't ) , he could have it a bit longer . 
  disclaimer : i do n't rate perenara , so i also think there 'd be someone better than him come through before 2020 . 
  oral histories . 
  it 's not always that easy . 
  i have a family member who earns a set amount per week at her job , and has a benefit too . 
  her job income is limited to a certain amount so she wo n't lose her benefit , because if she was to earn even $ 1 over that limit , she would lose the benefit which is a few hundred dollars . 
  if she loses that benefit she ca n't pay the rent on the * tiny * flat she lives in , unless she skips the already cheap food she buys . 
  now , the issue here is that her work ca n't give her a raise so large that it covers the lost money from the benefit . 
  so what 's she meant to do ? 
  they are actually . 
  and if you knew anything about australia , you 'd know that a giant snake is n't out of the realm of possibility , even if it has been exaggerated in mythology over the course of * fifty thousand years of human habitation * . 
  she has posters all over the city . 
  sounds like it might be about to go right again, 
  why do you think it 's pointless though ? 
  do you not enjoy having a bit of extra time ? 
  funny you mention that , because the nyt is the next link in his google search for that headline !, 
  at risk of being accused of shilling , i 've had lightbox for a little over a year now , and apart from a month where i was on a broadband network that had data limits there 's been no issues with either speed or quality . 
  that 's using chrome on windows 7/os x over ethernet and wireless . 
  there sort of is though .
