  this was used as an excuse by jackson ( who commanded a sizable number of men ) , to raid into florida ( then a spanish possession ) , as the seminole were harbouring slaves . 
  jackson had continued making treaties with indians , moving south as he did , and gradually coming up against florida . 
  which he then took by the same methods . 
  in the words of jackson , the treaties worked thus : '' ... we addressed ourselves feelingly to the predominant and governing passion of all indian tribes , i.e. , their avarice or fear . '', 
  jackson and those under him encouraged settlers to move onto indian land , and then when the indians raised protest , they were told nothing could be done . 
  this led to indians signing new treaties to cede that land , and moving further away to maintain their autonomy . 
  then the process repeated . 
  the result was a crawling mass of settlers that gradually inched their way through indigenous nations lands , pushing them further west . 
  i realise this does n't fully answer your question about the efforts to make a state , but it does show the mindset of the early white american settlers . 
  indians were n't respected : they were seen as people easily tricked . 
  they were manipulated , and coerced , into moving . 
  the best chance for native americans came early on , when jefferson was secretary of state . 
  he said that `` where indians lived within state boundaries they should not be interfered with , and that the government should remove white settlers who tried to encroach on them . '', 
  so what happened ? 
  the number of white settlers increased to a point where this was n't viable anymore . 
  land was needed , and white settlers needs came before those of the indigenous peoples . 
  i 'm going to start this off with a clarification of terms . 
  referring to the ` hippy ' movements of the sixties is both misleading and confusing , because there was no one movement of hippies , and it 's hard to tell if you 're referring just to the women 's rights movements , or the gay liberation , or the students , or the black movements . 
  i do n't put any blame on you for confusing terminology , it 's popped up a few times here , and i 'm never sure how to answer . 
  so assuming you 're broadly talking about the sixties counterculture , which was made up of all these groups , and more , i can address the question better . 
  on the titular query , yes , the protests were effective . 
  they were able to establish an early foundation for anti-war protest . 
  while they might not have converted the majority of the american population , they were able to bring attention to the issues . 
  as to the second which asks about the claims made that politicians and citizens already wanted an end to war and that the movements hindered that , i would say no , that is false . 
  the anti-war protesters were not new protesters - they were those who had participated in the early civil rights movement , students from the berkeley '64 protests , and groups like sds that had criticised the government and the usurping of the peoples political voice . 
  it was no single protest group , but rather an amalgamation of many . 
  the war acted as a standard for them to rally around , which made their voices more potent as more numbers gathered . 
  sncc , the student group that had been a major presence in the civil rights movement had a focus on the war in 1965 . 
  teach-ins at universities were attended by thousands of students . 
  sds held a protest in washington d.c. in april 1965 , with around 25,000 people present . 
  this opposition to the war was covered by media , disseminating the views of the students to the wider public . 
  senator fulbright , launched `` congressional hearings to investigate us policy in vietnam and publicly questioned johnson 's key advisers '' , but he did n't do so until 1966 , two years after he helped pass the gulf of tonkin resolution , which gave lbj wide power to increase the scope of the war . 
  martin luther king and bobby kennedy did n't come out publicly against the war until 1967 . 
  at the start of 1965 , there was broad support for the war among americans , * as long as it was n't escalated . 
  * the advisors to the president knew about the anti-war sentiments that were present in 1965 , but they were a minority view . 
  the high point of the protests arguably was 1968 , when antiwar protesters disrupted the democratic national convention in chicago . 
  there were other high profile events too , such as kent state in 1970 . 
  both of these were more than 3 years after the first major antiwar protest in washinton d.c. 
  it was the growing escalation of the war , and the much publicised protests of the early anti-war groups that led to wider questioning of the administration , and from there , to a much wider anti-war sentiment among both the american public , and the political elite . 
  ** sources : **, 
  eric foner , the story of american freedom . 
  * the following three are journal articles available at jstor if you have an account , or access through a university or library . 
  frederik lovegall , ` lyndon johnson and vietnam ' , in * presidential studies quarterly * . 
  mitchell k. hall , ` the vietnam era antiwar movement ' , in * oah magazine of history * . 
  sandra scanlon , '' that bitch of a war ' : lyndon b. johnson and vietnam ' , in * history ireland * . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say in this . 
  i never dismissed the friction between tribal groups among the maori , or that among the indian nations . 
  in fact , i specifically pointed out that the creek nation was split , with some fighting against andrew jackson , and some fighting with him . 
  what you are pointing out about warfare and conquest between the nations is true , but it 's wrong to say that they could not have a spiritual connection with the land . 
  when the a council of the creek nation was offered money for their land , they replied , `` we would not receive money for land in which our fathers and friends are buried . '', 
  this alone is enough to show a connection which can not be denied . 
  i 'm not sure what your point around the maori was , but feel free to ask a new question on that topic if you like . 
  i had heard that the number was possible stretched , but i 'd also been told it was far more than that . 
  i just took 25,000 as the one i was seeing everywhere last night when looking for a quick fact check . 
  i guess it 's one of those things even quantifiable history ca n't tell us . 
  [ i answered this question a few months back . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2qhmhp/why_was_the_land_for_washington_dc_taken_from/ ) i 've pasted the answer here :, 
  at the time of the creation of washington d.c. , the government did not control the military , and the states provided militia to keep the peace . 
  an 18th century national guard in a way . 
  in pennsylvania , in 1783 , the congress of the confederation ( the federal governing body of the period ) , was surrounded by 400 soldiers of the continental army demanding pay that was owed to them . 
  it was in effect , a union strike , except that the strikers were soldiers and armed . 
  when congress asked the pennsylvania council ( state government ) , to mobilize the militia to protect them , the council refused . 
  this gave congress a problem : they had been unable to rely on the state to protect them , and could not trust that the states would provide protection in future . 
  with this realized , they planned a federal district , independent from the states and their governance , where congress would have complete legal control and charge of their security . 
  i 'm not sure how you can say whether a connection to an area or region is spiritual or not . 
  in a culture like the cherokee , or the dakota , where the remains of their ancestors were respected and sacred , there is undoubtedly a connection of a spiritual nature , which you would be arrogant to try and deny . 
  even if the dakota only resided in the black hills for three generations , that 's long enough for one man to bury two generations of his family there . 
  that is of enormous significance . 
  to claim that it is n't is to use the logic of the colonisers : that there is more land elsewhere , so surely you 'll be ok there . 
  the other issue i have with what you 're saying is that conflict between the nations somehow removes their right to be respected and have their land respected . 
  you 're forgetting that jackson only used military means in some cases of land seizure . 
  the others were not during a state of war with the nations . 
  they were forced out by white settlers squatting on their land , by jackson 's own admission . 
  the difference between the dakota driving out the cheyenne is that it was openly militaristic . 
  jackson 's actions against the creek and cherokee were not . 
  he was devious , manipulating them to move out of their lands , and using political and military power to do so . 
  wikipedia says that the land was donated , and that virginia received its land back in 1846 . 
  so i 'm guessing no to compensation , but i 'll have a look and see if there 's anything more to it . 
  good to know !, 
  jefferson seems to have regretted a few of his compromises . 
  i was reading about the early attitude towards native americans for another question on the sub , and jefferson was originally of the view that they should be allowed to live as they pleased within the borders of the new country . 
  later , he backed down a bit , and the resultant actions by politicians were terrible for the native americans . 
  history 's fun when you can link trends like that . 
  i 'm not sure where you 've brought in the iroquois , but that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  the cherokee were adapting their lifestyles to fit in with white american culture with the presumption that they would be able to hold onto their lands . 
  they had made treaties ( time and time again ) , and were continually forced out . 
  they were attempting to operate within the structure of the new society , yet the system was being abused to beat them . 
  on the other hand , the cheyenne and the dakota were operating with another set of standards entirely , which i 'm definitely not in a position to judge or get into detail over . 
  lastly , because i wo n't be replying to this thread again , your use of quotation marks for spiritual is remarkably dismissive of native american beliefs . 
  you might want to ask this question on / r/askanthropology as well , it might do better . 
  if you 're describing your reaction as irrational , it 's not their problem . 
  the photo of the planting of the flag on iwo jima was staged , because the original planting was missed by the photographer . 
  the simplest approach is to go with a paragraph per point , with each paragraph following the t-e-e structure : thesis statement , explanation , example . 
  in this case , your thesis statement would be relating to a cause or event and how it affected the other two focuses , your explanation would elaborate on that , and you would then provide examples . 
  it 's not essential that it 's in that order , merely that you have all that in each paragraph . 
  i do n't know how much you have to write , but for a 1,500 word undergrad essay , i 'd go ~ 150 for the intro and conclusion each , and around 5 x 250 word paragraphs . 
  total : 1,550 , falling within the 10 % waiver each way usually given . 
  that allows for 5 points to be identified , and a good amount of discussion and linking between points . 
  if the mid or carry has a midas before the jungler , he 's not a jungler anymore , he 's a farming support . 
  [ aqua regia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aqua_regia ) .
