  i still struggle with sniper rifles and an 8x . 
  i only worked out how to use a 4x and an ar recently without spreading my fire and getting double tapped . 
  persistence is key , and when you get used to the guns , the rest follows . 
  the other thing i changed was i set a goal . 
  in the first season of stats , i was doing awfully because i thought the way to get good was to drop school every game . 
  but you do n't get good with 30sec of gameplay . 
  i set a goal to have 10 % of my games be top 10s . 
  that made me start playing stealthier . 
  i 'd be more observant , and hunt people rather than rushing . 
  i 'd be more careful where i looted . 
  i 'd find cars to keep myself alive until final circles . 
  i 'd do anything to make that top 10 . 
  and when you get that far , you lose the chaos of the first 10 minutes and you have a chance to improve your shooting . 
  i got that 10 % top10s , then i got 15 % , then i got my first win . 
  the key for me was rethinking what i wanted out of the game , then altering the way i played to get to it . 
  figure out a goal , and then pick a strategy to get there . 
  we do n't throttle internet users for gaming . 
  the only people who got throttled here were the ones downloading terabytes of torrents , and that was a few years before kdc . 
  this is n't necessarily true . 
  facts which are assumed to be common knowledge do n't need to be cited . 
  an essay about jfk for example , would need citations for any direct quotations referencing his death , but would n't need one if you wrote `` kennedy was president until his assassination in 1963 '' because it 's assumed that everyone knows that ( a ) you do n't stay president when you die , and ( b ) the year of kennedy 's death , or if they do n't know it , how to find it ( dictionary , encyclopaedia , google , etc ) . 
  i love people like you , who know a reddit joke well , can explain it quickly , and really explain how cool stuff is !, 
  nice work , and i 'm sure there are lots of people that appreciate your work . 
  [ surinam toad ] ( https://i.pinimg.com/736x/6c/ae/d4/6caed4182e7d6d49d71b650c2f2ad066--in-the-hole-the-ojays.jpg ), 
  it 's like those old photos of the seed pods that people photoshopped onto boobs . 
  i guess it 's kind of disconcerting because something could crawl out of the holes , but i always found it more intriguing . 
  cool that there 's a naturally occurring species like that !, 
  it 'll be at the debate tonight . 
  ** int . 
  tvnz studios , first leader debate , 2017 **, 
  [ jacinda ardern and bill english stand in a group with mike hosking . 
  in the background faint strands of music are heard . 
  ardern and english look around in bewilderment . 
  hosking listens intensely . 
  the lyrics become clearer . ], 
  * you better lose yourself in the music , the moment , you own it , you better never let it go *, 
  hosking : bah god , that 's john key 's music !, 
  * bill english whimpers and begins to sweat . 
  * jacinda ardern looks up with surprise . 
  [ the back wall of the studio busts open , and john key enters , wrapped in a blue and black silver fern flag . 
  he waves at the crowd , before walking over to ardern , english , and hosking . 
  key grabs all three of their right hands , and shakes vigourously . ], 
  key : four-way handshake !, 
  at the end of the day , new zealanders just want progress in the cool and zany handshakes i do !, 
  [ fade to black ], 
  the owner of a newspaper is hardly likely to lie openly and publicly and destroy his credibility . 
  sean plunket is an arse and this is the sort of thing he does . 
  sean plunket confirmed it . 
  [ original source ] ( https://paperspast.natlib.govt.nz/newspapers/rodney-and-otamatea-times-waitemata-and-kaipara-gazette/1912/8/14/7 ) for anyone interested . 
  cheers mate . 
  i think this is the first thing i 've ever written that could be considered fan fiction , and hopefully the last !, 
  that twitterer is the owner and editor of one of the more successful new media sites in new zealand . 
  he said that they wanted the main talent , no one knows geoff simmons , but everyone knows kelvin davis and paula bennett . 
  i 'd guess the entertainment value is having someone everyone knows , and not `` let 's have a laugh at old gareth '', 
  museums & art galleries . 
  i love the idea of a ubi , but somehow i do n't think getting rid of 90 % of msd is going to help its administrative problems . 
  winz staff already seem to struggle with numbers of people coming to them , and the larger system outside the front offices struggles with getting work completed quickly ( judging from my student loan applications ) . 
  we need better trained people , or more people . 
  not 10 % of what 's currently there , because that would bring it all to a standstill . 
  i do n't think the crowd matters though . 
  do you care about it , and if you do , do you care enough to vote on that issue ? 
  or do you vote for the guy who says it 's not something people care about ? 
  the way i see it , his statement that no one cares helps shapes the public opinion . 
  it 's not new , politicians have done that for a century and more in new zealand . 
  but if someone does care , and they never vote for it , does it really matter if they care ? 
  the ubi will need to be quite substantial to provide all the necessities for people who do n't / ca n't work . 
  2 . who 's going to administer the ubi ? 
  and for people without internet access ? 
  how about people without internet banking ? 
  no , just the staff to deal with over 4 million people , with more becoming citizens regularly , others leaving the country and , i assume , losing their entitlements , and others dying . 
  and as i said , any ubi introduced in the next term or two will need to be enormous to cover those on welfare already . 
  if it 's not , welfare will continue . 
  a ubi at this point in time is not a replacement for income , it 's a supplement . 
   not substantial , just mimimum, 
  i 'm not sure you understand just how much people get from winz . 
  i always pictured turkey/azerbaijan area . 
  you saying that it 's his fault for falling in love with a ` giant neon `` i will break your heart '' sign ' is what 's being interpreted as victim blaming . 
  `` all my moonbucks for australia please '', 
  nah , but a k98 and m24 will still one shot if you hit them in the neck , even with a level 3 . 
  fuck , if they just sat still they 'd be fine . 
  they all appeared because they were moving . 
  you 're already paid for a win though . 
  win a solo game on a monday ? 
  buy a 700bp crate instantly , sell it on the market for $ 1.50 right away . 
  it 's a bit of a shit reward tbh . 
  it 's either going to be cosmetics that make you highly visible , like the banana tracksuit , which a lot of people wo n't touch because being a highlighter in the grass is no-one 's dream . 
  or clothes that hide you , which is too close to a win-to-win-more item , and ruins the balance . 
  all your recent comments are you complaining about third person mode in pubg . 
  they 're all shit , and negged . 
  that might tell you something about what people think of your opinion . 
  ... they 're on a bridge . 
  these players are in the ocean below . 
  so , what exactly is the relevancy of your comment ? 
  killing people because they 're below the bridge would n't exactly be fair . 
  neither would teleporting them . 
  dunno where rape comes into it , but saying that it 's davy 's fault he got his heart broken because she had a sign saying she was a heart breaker is definitely victim blaming lol . 
  it makes a lot of sense really , because to p\u0101keh\u0101 land is basically a commodity . 
  it 's something we want so we can say it 's ours , and it 's a sanctuary and a home generally . 
  but we 'll also buy and sell fairly easily . 
  to m\u0101ori , land is tied to mana and sovereignty .
