  these are all red card tackles . 
  if you listen to the sam warburton one , you 'll hear the commentator say that if a player picks up another , it 's his job to bring him down safely . 
  the argentinian tackler did that . 
  it was dangerous in the tip , but he did n't throw him down , or put in any downwards force . 
  all of these tackles have that downwards force that makes it truly dangerous . 
  that 's the difference between a yellow and a red . 
  [ here is the world rugby law page on it . 
  ] ( http://laws.worldrugby.org/?law=10.4 ), 
   10.4 ( j ) lifting a player from the ground and ** dropping or driving that player into the ground ** whilst that player 's feet are still off the ground such that the player 's head and/or upper body come into contact with the ground is dangerous play . 
  funnily enough , warburton 's tackle is the example on that page of what the offence is . 
  would n't that be considered treason , given the history ? 
  the argentinians are so calm in their rush back to defend . 
  they regather , they jog , they lazily pass . 
  it 's beautiful to see the confidence . 
  but he * does n't * drop him . 
  he holds on until the namibian makes contact with the ground , and he is obviously slowing the player 's fall to the ground . 
  you 're more than welcome to , we thank him for many things on the daily over here . 
  no one said it was a safe fucking tackle . 
  you 're saying it 's a red card . 
  ** it 's not . 
  ** it was a yellow because it was a tackle above the horizontal , but it does n't qualify for a red because the player was n't dropped , or dumped , or recklessly put down in any other way . 
  do you get that ? 
  there has to be more to it than spinning a guy upside down for it to be a red . 
  [ video for anyone who has n't seen it yet . 
  it 's quite brilliant , as per usual . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yuf9lsxaky ), 
  he does n't smash him , but he 's not just pushing either . 
  friendly nudge to the ribs that could see scotland through ? 
  edit : there 's a video below that shows it in real time . 
  if romania qualify over italy , there can be no defence to the argument that the six nations should expand or have relegation . 
  uh , you 're missing quite a few big areas there . 
  tip tackle \u2260 dropping a player . 
  maybe you just do n't know what dropping is . 
  the guy had his hands on the player the entire time . 
  he did n't let go . 
  he held him up as he went down . 
  that 's not reckless . 
  that is regard for player safety after the tip has been made , and that is why it was a yellow . 
  i literally just posted the welsh tackle above , it is * completely * different . 
  warburton threw the guy into the ground . 
  well where do nz , australia , and south africa play :(, 
  i do n't know about you guys , but i 'd never leave a party at my house while a scotsman , an irishman , a welshman , and a frenchman were still around . 
  do n't worry england , the south 's got your back !, 
  romania 's on a downward spiral ? 
  lol . 
   the organisation is confusing ( club/area/province / national/pro teams ), 
  this is exactly how other sports are organised though . 
  national = us men 's basketball = us eagles rugby, 
  pro teams = state franchises , or adopt the conference titles from nfl , so you have n/e/s / w for a few rep teams . 
  province = state , or within the state . 
  area = cities . 
  club = that 's obvious . 
  i stepped on a thin nail/pin/metal spike at a festival a few summers back . 
  the medical tent would n't give me tweezers to pull it out until i filled out a form for them . 
  scribbled down everything they wanted , got it out and put on a plaster , went about my day . 
  two months later i got a letter saying my ( 10 cent bandage ) medical care had been paid in full by acc . 
  ca n't imagine not having free healthcare . 
  if chinese people are asians , mexicans are americans . 
  [ ... they are . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asian_american ), 
  i do n't see how the organisation is confusing though , which is what i was responding to . 
  but there 's no money making in club rugby , or provincial rugby either . 
  the itm cup is one of the best provincial competitions in the world , but it is n't a windfall for the nzrfu . 
  asian is not a race . 
  asian is a collective name for a group of diverse ethnicities based on the region from which they origin . 
  fun fact : asia does n't come from any language found there , it 's derived from greek and latin . 
  so they did n't even call themselves , or their land , asia . 
  funnily enough , ` american ' is also a collective name for a diverse group of ethnicities , as much as some people would like to deny it . 
  so i say again : if a chinese person is asian , then a mexican is american ; mexicans are from the americas , and the chinese are from asia . 
  imagine if the french played a blinder to beat nz , then went down to wales in the semi . 
  wales advance to the final , but only have 6 players left after injury . 
  scotland play their wee hearts out against australia and win , helped along by an injury to foley at training , and quade getting two yellows in the first half . 
  scotland then take on argentina who beat ireland , and win , landing them in a final against a welsh team that 's recalled 24 players from yesteryear , who automatically put the scrum and lineout into golden oldies mode , so scotland are guaranteed easy possession . 
  final score is 64-8 as the welsh retirees are run around by the scottish props who have actually gone further than the fridge in the past month . 
  [ i dunno man , are the odds high enough ? 
  i walked around my house humming it . 
  no shame . 
  great song . 
  do n't care that it was at non-english matches . 
  do care when it 's sung over anthems , challenges , and interviews . 
  oh nah , it 's pretty bad . 
  whoever sung it on the '03 version had a really smooth , rounded out voice , but paloma just sounds sharp . 
  pity , because she is a good singer usually . 
  not sure if it 's normal , but i 'd guess that it 's less political because ulster is a province of ireland , while the flag of northern ireland is for a territory of a different country . 
  and seeing as three counties from ulster are still in the republic , the flag represents a group of people that are from both the south and the north . 
   it only has to be probable, 
  exactly , and they factor in * everything * . 
  in the namibia v. argentina game , there was a potential penalty try for the intentional knock down at the end . 
  ref did n't give it because the namibian fullback was standing about 20m from the receiver and * could * have tackled him . 
  with pocock and aac there , it 's probable that it would have been stopped . 
  is the aviva premiership good ? 
  i love hearing about competitions in developing rugby nations . 
  edit : i ca n't believe this ridiculously good banter is being downvoted !, 
  that thing really gets around . 
  apparently a member of my family managed to get it into his living room for an afternoon bbq the last time his province won it . 
  it toured the neighbourhood after that , with beers at every stop . 
  fuck me , this thread has made me realise how many there are . 
  there 's a difference though . 
  this is quality banter . 
  the english media published shit like `` no australian is good enough to make this team ! '',
