  together , those should be enough . 
  but instead she got denied because the dog was certified * more than a year ago * . 
  that 's stupid . 
  it 's a service dog , not a bloody car . 
  it should n't need new registration , it 's not going to suddenly break down . 
  i love the ability to climb over obstacles , but i * hate * that when i pop up from cover to jump and throw a grenade , the jump attaches to the obstacle in front of me and i 'm suddenly vaulting it . 
  definitely prefer the old jump from early games that did n't interact with the world , and i 'd take the inconvenience of running around obstacles . 
  maybe an option to disable interactive jumps ? 
  mccombs explained that you ca n't change the date of the service animal certification , which is essentially a graduation certificate ; and that no doctor 's letter is even required for a service animal , '' the suit states . 
  a lawyer that argued this if what you 're saying is true is guilty of negligence , which suggests that she was right . 
  either way , the airline agent was being a dick , because as soon as you see someone is actually distressed , you help them - you do n't mock them . 
  and when they 're rebooked onto a second flight because of your pedantic rigmarole , you do n't delay them again - you help them . 
  i 'm not reading all of that because it looks like legal jargon , and i know it wo n't address my point : the airline agent was being a prick . 
  rules can be bent . 
  he chose to cause suffering . 
  not really a solution for multiplayer though . 
  is it a bad thing if it connects a pretty niche scientific discovery to a network of popular culture and brings more awareness to said discovery ? 
  this is appallingly wrong for the most part , and where it 's correct , simplistic . 
  the treaty was signed before the wars between m\u0101ori and europeans began . 
  it was also only signed by a few chiefs rather than all of them . 
  they were also defeated overall in the wars that came later . 
  m\u0101ori do n't have ' a homeland ' , because there was no one m\u0101ori conglomerate . 
  they were individual tribes , who all had different lands , and while a lot of them fought against the europeans , a fair few offered to , or did , fight with the europeans . 
  they were n't integrated into post-colonial society , they were assimilated . 
  the crown considered them a dying race for the latter half of the 19th century , and the early part of the 20th . 
  they were encouraged to leave their culture behind in the country and move to cities , where p\u0101keh\u0101 culture dominated . 
  their culture was appropriated in part - kitsch designs for tea towels and mugs , haka for rugby teams , but m\u0101ori children were beaten for speaking te reo in schools , leading to the decline of the language until the resurgence in the 60s/70s . 
  m\u0101ori were discriminated against endlessly by government , public , and media . 
  many were welfare dependent , but were also denied the ame levels of welfare that p\u0101keh\u0101 received because the governments decided that as a tribal people , m\u0101ori were able to live off the land ( which the government had previously confiscated ) . 
  racism towards m\u0101ori is prevalent today , but it 's more hidden and implied rather than the explicit cries you hear about `` abos '' and their numerous addictons ( i 've been told about paint , glue , and petrol sniffing ) . 
  m\u0101ori negotiate settlements with government , and get told that colonisation happened over a century ago , and they should get over it . 
  they set up scholarships within their iwi and m\u0101ori kids go to university and are accused of special treatment . 
  m\u0101ori and aboriginals had a wholly different history , but suggesting that m\u0101ori thrived through integration and a treaty ( which was ignored for over a hundred years ) is erroneous and whitewashing of the history . 
  no , you 're right , my opinion of him should n't matter . 
  his opinion , as someone speaking for his community , should . 
  the average redditor is a white male , and pot legalisation has completely different ramifications for us than it does for minority communities . 
  that 's the point i was trying to bring to the table , and it 's a reason that the church 's refusal to endorse , and to go so far as to openly oppose legalisation , may actually be grounded in sound logic . 
  it 's not that they ca n't manage it , it 's that it becomes an ingrained way of life . 
  [ here 's three opinions on how it affects m\u0101ori communities ] ( https://www.drugfoundation.org.nz/media/social-economic-factors-behind-maori-cannabis-use ) . 
  the reverend in that seems to support reform too , but is warning of risks to the poor . 
  the filmmaker 's got the opinion i meant to reference though, 
   `` people are often using cannabis to cover up pain , to cover up their suffering . 
  that 's when i think it becomes intergenerational , after that it becomes a way of life and people do n't really question that aspect . 
   `` so when it comes to issues , for example , like poverty , or community activities and helping your children , whatever it is people are n't facing those issues because they are used to using cannabis in order to deal with the emotional pain . '', 
  [ here 's the results of a survey ] ( http://www.teara.govt.nz/en/maori-smoking-alcohol-and-drugs-tupeka-waipiro-me-te-tarukino/page-3 ) where it was found that 64 % of all m\u0101ori had tried drugs at one point or another . 
  fun fact : that 's a higher percentage than turnout at the last us election . 
  to me , a lot of these arguments seem to be `` we want pot because it 's not bad , and it 's insulting or even racist to say that it will negatively affect some communities ! '', 
  but this neglects to consider that indigenous and minority communities already have massive issues with substances due to colonialism . 
  legalising marijuana wo n't be a fresh start with everyone on an equal footing . 
  half the crowd will still be miles ahead . 
  there 's a difference between silencing opinions you do n't like ( censorship ) , and silencing opinions that are harmful to people because they incite violence . 
  freedom of speech is wonderful , but it should n't come at the cost of another person 's safety . 
  edit : i ca n't believe people actually think their words are more important than other people 's wellbeing . 
  can anyone tell me what [ these circled numbers/symbols ] ( http://imgur.com/alwttnh ) are ? 
  i 've figured out the bases/runs section . 
  edit : holy fuck baseball , you guys are the friendliest sports fan explainers ever , thanks !, 
  i 'm not saying the answer is to jail anyone . 
  i 'm just saying that there might be side effects to legalisation which we do n't see because we 're not part of the communities that would feel that effect . 
  the answer in that case is to change the punishment for the crime from incarceration to rehabilitative . 
  second question ( s ) : is the top of an inning always the same team for that game ? 
  will the cubs play first in every inning through game 5 ? 
  how is this decided ? 
  is there a coin toss ? 
  edit : thanks again !, 
  i 'm from a cricketing nation , so we toss for batting rights . 
  ooh , that 's interesting . 
  i assumed home and away would be done by seeding , but i forgot about al/nl . 
  first baseball game i 've ever watched dude . 
  is the catcher at home wearing a cup ? 
  his jewels are kinda exposed, 
  fair point . 
  i think the hover board is a bit different because it 's a pop trend referencing a staple of popular culture . 
  i 'd be more concerned about the hobbit description because as you say , * homo floresiensis * is n't a hobbit , but is still a real species . 
  at the same time floresiensis does n't have the same ring to it as neanderthal , does it ? 
  which makes it difficult for the concept to translate from academia to popular knowledge . 
  i do n't envy the scientists who have to navigate that puzzle . 
   even if mitre 10 cup is n't exactly my forte !, 
  ca n't really tell mate !, 
  thanks for running the comp jaume , super xv will be a good one !, 
  hey it me , and you 're still not locked, 
  how hard can it be to hire good performers for your half time show in la, 
  this is adorable . 
  firstly , it 's generally accepted among historians that jesus was a real , living , breathing , historical figure . 
  secondly , the chinese calendar you 're referring to ( they have several different ones ) counts from the beginning of the reign of the yellow emperor , who 's considered to be a legendary deity . 
  so either you 're a subscriber to ancient chinese religion , or you 're a hypocrite . 
  but do n't let that stop you rolling out the edgy atheism !, 
  i think there 's a bit more nuance than this actually . 
  a lot of bernie supporters ( especially on reddit ) were independents or non-voters . 
  they were people who did n't like either party . 
  i 'm not saying all of them , but a lot were . 
  they would n't have happily voted in any part of this election if bernie was absent from the process . 
  so when bernie 's gone after the dnc , you kind of see the true colours . 
  there 's the supporters who think , `` well , i 'm a democrat , got ta vote to keep blue in so we can have another go later . 
  '' ; there 's the ones that go `` well that was bullshit , i knew i was right to be an independent ! '', 
  and swap back to stein/johnson ; then finally there 's the ones who turned around and jumped on the trump bandwagon , and i 'd hazard a guess that they 're more libertarians than liberals . 
  so i think within the left voting bloc of america , bernie did n't actually capture as much of the left vote as people think , but instead swept up a lot of independents , and non-voters - the ones who are of age but spend all their time posting anarchy on facebook and bemoaning the electoral system . 
  probably because a change from fpp to mmp or stv would require an overhaul of the entire electoral system . 
  the electoral college is n't made to work with those voting systems , and neither is the president/senate/house setup . 
  what might work is a mmp/stv vote for house and senate and then the senate leader of the winning party becomes president , but i ca n't see americans going for that . 
  that does make sense .
