  some people do n't have access to town supply . 
  they can only get water from tanks . 
  it 's fairly common where i am . 
   i would n't trust most water filters that you buy at the store, 
   i 'll filter it a little more through my fridge water dispenser . 
  lol, 
   act in the 1996 , 1999 and 2002 was over the 5 % threshold and won a seat . 
  act won a seat in 1996 , but won none in 1999 or 2002 . 
  they only got into parliament at those two elections because of the threshold . 
   the greens i do n't think have ever won a seat , but rode in on party vote . 
  jeanette fitzsimons won coromandel in 1999 . 
  i did n't minimise the importance of the party vote at all , i said that your party vote can go anywhere but it will be contributing to a bloc on either the right or the left - which is true . 
  this sub complains about every fucking little thing in the game , even if it 's the height of hypocrisy , or a rehash of something old . 
  a cosmetic that make you blend in more with the map ? 
  pay to win we hate it . 
  buy 1,000 levels on the compendium and only get 1 rare ? 
  why do i only have one rare this is pay to win, 
  you 're replying to op who changed it intentionally . 
  also number of games played automatically drops cloud9 to last in stats of any sport . 
  edit : why the fuck is this downed lmao , they 've gone 0-4 which is worse than 0-2 so they go bottom ? 
  when playerunknown says `` it will be 1pp eventually '' he 's not saying that third person mode will be removed , is he ? 
  it 's almost as if a loud droning noise coming through your headphones might be annoying . 
  gee , i wonder why he sounds sort of irritated . 
  master : 0 %, 
  voices : 0 %, 
  sound fx : 999 %, 
  * volvo why is the fish so loud *, 
  i get the problems with brood webs , but that 's a problem on every terrain . 
  what i do n't get is people complaining about it making it harder to face brood when i had the exact opposite experience . 
  i could see the bulk of the webs , so finding brood was easy when i played against her . 
  but when i played as brood myself , i did n't know where to web for maximum coverage because the boundaries were confusing . 
  either way , web issue , not map issue . 
  luckily new players are the ones who adapt the easiest because they 've played it for the least amount of time . 
  dunno man , they look pretty fucking comfortable for walking the hardwood floors of his new england mansion in winter . 
  it 's not at all the same . 
  stop trying to excuse people acting like arseholes . 
  a grand jury is used to hand down indictments in criminal cases . 
  a regular grand jury is where a prosecutor shows the members of the grand jury the evidence he has , and makes a case to them . 
  the grand jury then decides whether their is enough evidence to say `` yes , there may have been a crime here , and this prosecutor has done his homework and can get a conviction . '', 
  if mueller has impaneled a grand jury , it means that he has enough evidence to say that crimes have plausibly been committed and that he is ready to proceed . 
  hello i am ramzes i am your waiter today , would you like a cheese play to start, 
  why was sf ulting with no enemies in sight lmao, 
  pretty sure it 's makeup so the cameras do n't make him look weird . 
  you can see lighter skin around the eyebrows where they do n't completely cover it . 
  ccnc looked like that too . 
  this is n't lowering the bar . 
  the panel was like this last year in the group stage too . 
  unless you 're complaining about the people on the panel , in which case what the hell , do you just expect people to not be a little nervous , or take time to get into the swing of things ? 
  probably because john key did the same thing in 2002 . 
  pretty bad piece . 
  fox at 39 for confiscating m\u0101ori land and blaming m\u0101ori for starting the new zealand wars . 
  sure . 
  but whitaker was responsible for the legislation that confiscated m\u0101ori land in the waikato wars as well as being a raging racist , and domett started the invasion ( although it 's arguable that domett was just weak and cowed into it by whitaker and russell ) but both of them are ranked in the 20s somehow ? 
  says whitaker was first auditor-general but he never was . 
  he was the attorney-general ( six times ) . 
  domett 's crowning achievement is moving the capital to wellington , which sounds about right , but surely his cool factor drops with the fact he was so unpopular he got bullied out of parliament when parties did n't even exist ? 
  edit : kept reading . 
  it 's worse . 
  vogel is # 8 but was also trading favours with ( rich as fuck ) buddies outside parliament . 
  oh and if vogel was corrupt , then whitaker was the donald trump of the 1800s ( except with a hefty dose of brains ) . 
  grey is # 7 and praised for learning m\u0101ori , travelling with chiefs , and generally being tolerant . 
  omits that he also captured a m\u0101ori leader he did n't like , then showcased him around the north island as an example of the savagery of m\u0101ori . 
  he also told the british government that the m\u0101ori king movement was about to invade auckland ( they were n't ) , so please leave the ten thousand troops behind to defend us ( they did ) , and he then started invading the waikato in a land grab of epic proportions ( and did n't even win ) . 
  he registered to vote in helensville while living in epsom , so yes , he committed electoral fraud . 
  and to her detractors metiria has become a justification for their prejudices , rather than an example of how the system is failing . 
  where do you get the idea that she did n't need the money ? 
  your take on this is a bit worrying . 
   the fact the property was owned by the father of her child, 
  she was n't with the father at the time though , was she ? 
  which suggests he was trying to help out as best he could by helping hs ex-partner find a home where his child could be raised . 
   ... whose mother was the mayor of north shore city at the time and has mentioned supporting her granddaughter . 
  support does n't necessarily mean money . 
  she could have been supporting her by agreeing to rent the home to her when she was unable to find a home . 
   i suspect she was paying well under market rent if she paid anything at all . 
  ann hartley was a former real estate agent , i seriously doubt she was giving up a home rent free . 
  but that 's just speculation , as is your comment . 
   also that her flatmate was her mother . 
  i do n't know what relevance this has at all . 
  are you suggesting that if she was living with a parent , she has no need of a benefit ? 
  have you considered that she was maybe supporting her mother and her child ? 
  not all of us have parents we can turn to to look after us . 
  not every family has the privilege of being able to look at their children and say `` here 's some money , you look like you 're struggling . '', 
  [ they also said you can choose where to vote from today . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/ivotenz/posts/1418633308191457 ), 
  and plenty of m\u0101ori vote in different electorates to those where they live because their iwi are elsewhere . 
  this is hardly electoral fraud . 
  she lied to winz because she did n't have enough to survive . 
  that is n't lying for financial gain . 
  she did n't lie for political gain at all . 
  are you saying if you had a child to feed and house you would let them starve instead of giving a false answer to a winz rep ? 
  yeah , course it is . 
  but if fox is a dick for saying m\u0101ori caused the war , surely grey/domett/whitaker are bigger dicks for starting in on waikato on false pretenses ? 
  what about stafford who he put at # 19 but was premier when the taranaki war began ? 
  i 'm all for fun lists , but at least put in some effort . 
  how did she lie for political gain ? 
  how is she gaining financially if she was getting enough to live on ? 
   what he said was someone could have been triggered by it . 
  ( which is way stupider ), 
  how is this stupid lol, 
  but going through a glass door or window is quite a traumatic event , no ?
