  then we can win by forfeit after he gets 5 players red carded, 
  you 're ignoring what i said . 
  in your area there could have been a good amount of people using the ptc login , and then you . 
  in my area , only about 33 % of pokemon in an area would show up on pokevision , and there would be large blank areas in between which had heaps spawning . 
  i went for the simplest , laziest method i could and put it into a word doc . 
  one list ordered by date , one by class . 
  when each date went past , ~ ~ strikethrough ~ ~ it . 
  saved the document to my desktop and whenever i went to do something not uni related , i could click that and see that i was two weeks away from a big assignment and oh boy maybe i should do some . 
  mckenzie got called up to the all blacks remember !, 
  edit : just read that it 's harbour , nvm . 
  what 's this ref 's name ? 
  i recognise him as a former twat, 
  making a phone call to puerto rico is breaking probation ? 
  but why would you suspect a guy wearing an ankle bracelet if it showed that he had n't left his residence ? 
  it 's almost like they arrested him because he was puerto rican , despite the evidence to the contrary . 
  but that would be racism , and you said it was n't that . 
  this really seems to apply to all for-profit crime . 
  q : is boosting when you work for the company you 're stealing from ? 
  but the only reason he was wanted was b/c of racism , so everything that comes after is null . 
  or they put it there because people are n't always sure what contains gluten . 
  or because it used to be quite hard to find gluten free products , so having a nice bright sticker that says `` gluten free ! '', 
  will draw the eye of the coeliac person who needs to buy gluten free . 
  of course , they could just have a bold message on the back that says `` contains gluten '' like peanut products do . 
  i 've literally never met an art ( or arts ) student who thought that vaccines were bad . 
  there really is n't . 
  same god all through . 
  yahweh = god = allah . 
  the holy spirit appears in all three religions , as does jesus . 
  the only difference is that jesus is regarded as a false prophet by the oldest , and a real prophet by the newest . 
   they 're clearly three different gods, 
  they 're clearly not . 
  they 're all from the same origin point . 
  jesus was a jew who founded a new religion . 
  muhammad was a prophet of another new religion which recognised jesus as a prophet . 
  so if muhammad recognises jesus as a prophet , then jesus ' following the right god , but interpreting him incorrectly in his religion . 
  likewise , if jesus is a jew with a new twist , then christianity is merely judaism with a makeover . 
  he 's posting opinions on reddit . 
  he 's 120 % sure , and even more importantly , he 's correct and will never be proved wrong . 
  so it 's actually a good show ? 
  i never watched it when it started airing and assumed it was just another procedural, 
   it did get a good reception during the speech . 
  probably because his audience was other business sharks like himself . 
  he did n't kill his ex wife . 
  that was just a theory put forward to explain his motivations . 
  brilliant , i 'll give it a go . 
  love spy genres , but tv seems to fuck it a bit . 
  i thought this was a reddit gag for a sec there . 
  fool , he 's transcended mmr !, 
  if we 're citing wikipedia , how about the [ song article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pumped_up_kicks ) which has the artists talking about the lyrics and not mentioning reeboks at all ? 
  edit : to all the replies , yes they 're talking about ~ ~ reebok pumps ~ ~ press to pump kicks which may be reeboks ( could also be jordans ) , but the writer of the song explicitly says it 's about bullying , mental illness , and teen violence . 
  it is * not * about the chicago shootings in the 80s when the shoes were first released , which is the point i was responding to . 
  this is n't a small section of feminism , it 's all of it . 
  the idea that sexism and inequality between the genders hurts both men and women . 
  it 's amazing the level of self censorship that goes into this website to try and get a message across !, 
  kudos to you, 
  god damn it , i knew i remembered michael jordan being involved with the extra jump shoes in the 90s !, 
  sweet , japanese history . 
  fun topic . 
  i 'm going to argue that the last emperor to be the sole ruler of japan was emperor go-shirakawa , who ruled from 1155-1158 . 
  this could be a wrong assessment , as emperor sh\u014dwa ( popularly known as hirohito , r. 1926-1989 ) had a debatable amount of power during wwii . 
  but i will try and justify it on the basis of three points :, 
  that japan has been ruled solely by the national diet since 1947 , and prior to that , by the diet with * shared * input from the emperor since the meiji constitution in 1889 . 
  further , the meiji restoration in 1868 did not give power to the emperor , but to a government of ministers which the emperor was a public voice of . 
  that the emperor of japan was an entirely ceremonial position prior to the meiji restoration , and that sole rule of japan was in the hands of the shoguns for the 700 years before that . 
  that during the period between emperor go-shirakawa 's official rule ending ( 1158 ) and the seizure of power by the kamakura shogunate ( 1192 ) , the emperors were either children or young men , who were not ruling , but rather instruments through which go-shirakawa continued to rule . 
  in modern japan , political power has been shared between the japanese parliament , the national diet , and the emperor , since the [ meiji constitution ] ( http://history.hanover.edu/texts/1889con.html ) ( referred to hereafter as ` the mc ' ) of 1889 . 
  the mc granted a lot of power to the emperor of japan , and the powers given are similar to those of the british crown : full command of the military , the power to dissolve/open parliament , and to sign off on laws . 
  * however * , the emperor 's power is limited too : article 5 states that the emperor acts with ` the consent of the diet ' ; art . 
  8 gives the emperor power in extreme circumstances , but gives the diet the power to invalidate the emperor 's emergency actions when next in session ; art . 
  9 states ` no ordinance [ issued by the emperor ] shall in any way alter any of the existing laws ' . 
  these three articles severely limit the power of the emperor , and i would argue , tip the balance in favour of the diet in theory . 
  in practice , however , it 's hard to know how strong the influence of the emperor is . 
  hirohito 's rule in particular has been extensively studied by historians and several have argued that he exercised far more power than the mc allows . 
  he is supposed to have achieved this by bypassing the government , and exerting control over the military directly , particularly during the war years . 
  if this is the case , then he was in a way , the de facto ruler of japan during its war years in the 20th century , but it would probably be more accurate to label him the supreme commander , as the national diet maintained civil control . 
  other emperors shared power with the national diet after the mc was passed . 
  as discussed above , the mc created a system of government that did not give absolute power to the monarch , but did not abolish the monarchy either . 
  emperor meiji , who ruled from the ` retirement ' of the last shogun in 1868 , also shared power until the mc in 1889 . 
  his power was shared with several ministers , and i would hazard a guess that the lion 's share of the power was in the hands of those politicians , rather than those of the young emperor ( he was sixteen when he took the throne ) . 
  prior to the meiji restoration of 1868 , the shoguns ruled the country for 683 years , give or take a few decades where the power was split between warring factions . 
  the shoguns kept the office of the emperor alive as it was the source of power in japan . 
  despite not being the actual rulers of japan , the emperors were there by divine right , and they were important to the power of the shoguns . 
  [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3unsqh/why_did_no_japanese_shoguns_or_other_de_facto/ ) goes into detail about that . 
  the most famous shoguns were the tokugawa line , who ruled during the edo period from 1600-1868 . 
  ieyasu , the first tokugawa shogun , had an interesting way of guaranteeing the succession of his family to the seat of power : he abdicated while still alive , and let his son hidetada take the position of shogun . 
  ieyasu retained his power , but the office of shogun had officially passed on , * guaranteeing that his son was legitimised and would hold power once he died . 
  * ieyasu 's son repeated the practice , abdicating 10 years before his death . 
  this practice removed any succession issues at the death of a shogun , and i bring it up because i think it is key to understanding where the power lay in the pre-shogun era , when the last emperors to hold control ruled . 
  the emperors of japan employed a similar strategy to maintain control and succession lines . 
  the ` cloistered emperors ' were emperors who had abdicated their office and joined buddhist monasteries , but remained the holders of true power while their successors were the figurehead . 
  emperor go-shirakawa , who i suggested was the last emperor to hold true absolute power in japan , ruled for three years as emperor , but in reality it was slightly less as the former cloistered emperor toba did not die until the second year of his reign , in 1156 . 
  go-shirakawa 's rule from 1156-58 was singular , and his abdication to join a monastery left his son nij\u014d to succeed . 
  starting there , the next four emperors , and the final emperors before the shoguns took power , were nij\u014d , rokuj\u014d , takakura , and antoku . 
  nij\u014d was 15 when he became emperor , and died at the age of 22 . 
  his abdication in favour of his infant son came after he fell ill , making it likely that he abdicated to ensure his son 's succession . 
  his son rokuj\u014d was emperor for three years , before being removed by his grandfather ( go-shirikawa ) in favour of his uncle takakura , who was 7 , which is a far more respectable age for an emperor than 4 . 
  takakura 's abdication ( closely followed by his death ) , made his son antoku emperor , at the age of 2 . 
  antoku would die four years later in 1192 , at the same time that the kamakura shogunate took control . 
  go-shirakawa 's time as cloistered emperor ended in at the same time . 
  during that period , he had ruled as two of his sons and two of his grandsons held the position of official emperor .
