  he 's not relevant now . 
  he would n't have won . 
  so stop trying to blame this election on the dnc and hillary , ** bc at the end of the day , you 're all left of centre , and that 's dividing a bloc that needs to stand together to get the change that hillary proposed , and that bernie proposed . 
  ec yes , districts no . 
  districts are good for systems like mmp and stv which are far better voting systems than fpp . 
  calling it a rampage plays into the trump/bannon agenda . 
  now 's the time for straight white dudes to stand up and do something . 
  it tastes like the spunk of the gods . 
  it 's a bit sour and salty , but in the most wonderful way imaginable . 
  eat it with savoury toppings for a good sandwich , or something sweet that has a bite to it , like jams . 
  it 's not a bread you 'd use for something like french toast when it goes stale , you 'd use it with soup or stew . 
  definitely a filling winter bread for a warm and hearty meal by the fire . 
  it 's a really common bread all over - the uk will definitely have it if you go to an artisan bakery . 
  he prefers the term * mexican * . 
  i did n't say it was n't wanton destruction , i said calling it a rampage plays into the alt-right agenda that when the left objects to something they cause carnage . 
  where have you been for the past five years that you think buzzfeed does n't count as good journalism ? 
  it was n't a joke . 
  buzzfeed has two sections : clickbait entertainment news , which includes their lists , quizzes , tweet collections , etc ; and their real news , which includes their investigative journalism that revealed the biggest match fixing scandal ever in professional tennis , a host of articles dealing with financial crime , child abuse in the foster system , and systemic abuse of power in the british police system . 
  but yeah , puerile garbage . 
  which was good for everyone outside the us , but great * for * the us . 
  reddit hates the tppa , and i ca n't figure out why . 
  from an international point of view , it was an evil agreement that would have fucked my country over for a tiny bit of access , while protecting american and japanese industries . 
  i 'm from new zealand , where our biggest exports are dairy , and both america and japan shut us out of their dairy markets in tppa negotiations . 
  whichever way you look at it , tppa was going to make america an even stronger global force , and i 'm thankful for trump 's pigheadedness shutting it down because it gives my country a stay of execution . 
  if he was concerned about radical terrorism he 'd be banning countries that have actually created terrorists , or arresting white supremacists . 
  instead he 's working with the uae and saudi arabia ( his failed spec-ops mission in yemen was working with a uae squad ) , and he 's trying to remove white supremacists from the scope of the law enforcement taskforce that investigates terrorism . 
  try again . 
  is this weird ? 
  i think i 've eaten one pan fried steak in my life , and i 've had steak probably once a week minimum for the last 15 years . 
   these 7 countries he banned were created by the obama administration, 
  the list was , not the countries , but ok . 
  but obama still did n't * ban them * . 
  he also did n't ban based on religion . 
  which trump has done . 
   again the spec-ops mission was set up during the obama administration . 
  it was set up basically before trump was in office . 
  it was only executed under trump . 
  ** and obama said no because it was too dangerous to do in the wrong weather conditions ** , so they brought it to trump ** who did n't do intelligence briefings , did n't know the full story , and got a navy seal and a child killed ** . 
   to be fair i dont even think you have a clear definition of white supremacist, 
  it 's someone who thinks that the white race is supreme . 
  notable examples are adolf hitler , heinrich himmler , stephen bannon , and richard spencer . 
  just because you 're mexican and arab , does n't mean you ca n't be a white supremacist . 
  that 's called internalised racism , uncle tom-ing , mimic man , or a host of other terms used to describe complex relationships between minority , majority , and liminal ethnic groups . 
   in terms of terrorists there 's news antifa is going to be put on a domestic terrorism list, 
  oh joy , trump will put his detractors on a domestic terrorism list . 
  where 's my fascist bingo card got to ?? 
  by the way , fuck you , fuck your ignorance , fuck your hate , and fuck your defense of a man who is the most vile , despicable , and hate filled excuse for a politican that the world has seen in years . 
  you should ask that your be organs removed when you die , have your chest cavity filled with soil , and get the skin covering your chest removed . 
  then have a sapling planted in the soil of your chest , and have your body buried . 
  as the tree grows roots , it 'll distend your body , and break apart your skeleton . 
  if you do all of this in the tornado belt , there 's a good chance the tree gets blown down one day , and the people who return to the area find your skeleton impaled upon the roots of an enormous tree that 's lying sideways across main street . 
  some days i listen to it when i have n't encountered any bad drivers , just so i can get a bit angry . 
   advanced civilisation, 
  ok then, 
   they are entities deserving of the utmost respect, 
   the central plateau was so sacred to the old time maori that they very rarely would even remove a tree from that area . 
  this is superstitious and pointless is it ? 
  i saw some really nice gravestones the other day with cool crucifix patterns on them . 
  why ca n't i take them to decorate the footpath to my letter box . 
  i think it 'd be really cool to walk down these paving stones with intricate designs . 
  just because something has no value to you , it does n't mean everyone has the same view . 
  try and have a little empathy . 
  what the fuck harm does it do to you ? 
  doubt you 'd see iwi make a new agreement when they were cheated on the old one . 
  probably not as much value now either since their land is for the most part gone . 
  i love how it leaps back and paws at the guy, 
  doug doug look it moved you check it doug fuck what is it oh my god doug it 's going to kill us, 
  but like , what do they agree over this time ? 
  last time they were promised that victoria would be their sovereign and protect the rights that their chieftainship endowed them with , as well as guaranteeing them dominion over their land . 
  but then the government grabbed the land anyway , and if iwi were given any sort of official recognition for their chiefs there 'd be riots in the street from white guys who suddenly found themselves living in an area with a chief . 
  jim crown made me think of some fantasy style world with the kingdom named after king jim, 
  maori land ownership was ( and still is ) about far more than governance though . 
  it 's a connection to family , a place of belonging . 
  it 's tied up in spiritual and religious aspects of maori culture , and the mana of each iwi and hapu . 
  the settlers saw the land as something to be farmed . 
  they called maori land the wasted lands , because maori did n't use it for anything , but maori did n't need to use it for it to have immense value . 
  remember the musket wars ? 
  several years of maori fighting each other at a ridiculous rate of attrition ? 
  a lot of that was about old grudges being reconciled , and those grudges were focused on killings , or on land losses , that had occurred generations before . 
  the importance of land to maori was n't understood back then , and it has n't changed . 
  it 's actually referencing a range of mythologies from across polynesia , which is why the film faced some criticism for mashing together aspects of several different cultures to create the film . 
  if you 'd actually read the article you were linked , and the one you linked , you 'd see that they 're both referencing the same root myths - one about a young boy who went fishing with his older brothers and pulled up an island . 
  they also have the same myth about catching the sun . 
  tldr : moana was n't referencing hawaii specifically , it was referencing all polynesian cultures . 
  i 'm honestly not sure . 
  he seems like he might be headed that way already , with some of the things he 's already done in two weeks . 
  but it would require a few republicans to join the democrats in the vote , and i do n't know if they 'll throw in the towel . 
  on the other hand , if he makes it to the midterms and the democrats take control of one or both the houses , then would they impeach ? 
  or would they just obstruct furiously until 2020 ? 
  he could yet realise that his actions are too wild to be tolerated and tone it down . 
  he could also piss off the republican base . 
  but i just do n't know if he 'll do enough to get them to cross the line and take action . 
  reddit is first and foremost , an internet site , which means its users are more likely to be younger , socially liberal , and educated . 
  trump gets discussed on certain subs : politics , askreddit , the_donald , enoughtrumpspam , sanders4president , news , worldnews . 
  one of those is dedicated to pro-trump . 
  ets and s4p are both heavily anti-trump . 
  askreddit , politics , news , and worldnews are all defaults ( i think ? ), 
  and hit the front page regularly , which means they get seen by people who do n't subscribe to the other three . 
  those people fit the demographic from ( 1 ) , and trump 's agenda does n't really mix with theirs . 
  trump 's racist and sexist rhetoric is contrary to the beliefs of a large part of reddit , as well as dangerous to a large number of the users who are non-white , female , or non-american .
