  they 're not being nominated by poor people , they 're being nominated by people who consider themselves middle class , who have worked for their money , and who think anyone on welfare is sucking on the socialist teet of the liberal nation . 
  a flat tax is not an evil to them , it 's fair . 
  everyone gets taxed 10 % . 
  it 's easy to understand , it makes sense . 
  scaling tax rates are obviously more fair , but they 're also harder to understand and require a modicum of empathy to support . 
  technically this is only somewhat true . 
  new zealand had a national health system prior to the second world war , and they took their lead on social welfare from the uk as their ` parent ' nation . 
  in the late nineteenth century , the welfare state was already being developed in the uk , and consequently in australia and new zealand . 
  a better argument would be that hitler helped to advance medical technology by causing a war with mass casualites which required faster and better ways of dealing with injury . 
  but that could be said for all wars , and did n't require the extra atrocities which made that war different . 
  no , but socialism and the welfare state did , and they were very strong . 
  that is super weird , considering the mbas in my area require you to have 5-10 years of high level business experience to get into them . 
  it 's a degree for people who have work experience in that sector . 
  i was saying that poor people in many cases do n't consider themselves poor . 
  they consider themselves to be lower middle class . 
  that was why i led off my comment with a famous quote about people not admitting that they 're poor . 
  it baffles me how you could miss that . 
  i never considered joost because i always liked him , and seeing him play . 
  gregan i just wanted someone to kill in an alley after the game . 
  he was a dickhead in every way possible on the field . 
  might win the sevens, 
  you sound like a self righteous tosser yourself . 
  there 's nothing about a degree in sociology or history that makes it not a proper one . 
  it 's one thing to point out that the majority of these people have as much authority to comment on the topic as donald trump , it 's another to insinuate that their degrees are less valid than whatever stem one you did . 
  stop being such a prat . 
  he was retreating , played onside by collecting the pass which had gone back from qc 's hands . 
  just a pity that quade was such a shit defender . 
  he was fantastic to watch on attack , but defense let him down . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ oh , ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ kneeing ^ ^ ^ ^ people ^ ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ face . 
  did burgess eat a semi ? 
  i 'd suggest asking this as a new question as it 's more likely to be seen and answered . 
  also , it 's an enormous topic as evidence by an entire wiki article devoted to jefferson 's views on slavery . 
  there 's also / u/sowser and / u/fatherazerun who might be able to give you an answer . 
  personally , i want a flag change . 
  i do n't like this option . 
  i do n't like the process ( token maori flag , three silver fern options , two lockwood options ) . 
  i do n't like the way it 's been done at all . 
  my options as i see it are :, 
  ( a ) vote to change , and get away from a flag which i do n't think represents modern nz as well as it could , but end up with a flag that hides much of our history and culture behind a commercialised symbol . 
  ( b ) vote to keep a flag which reminds us of that history and culture , and live to fight another day , so to speak . 
  because if we retain the union jack and southern cross , we have a chance of changing this flag in the next century . 
  if we change to the lockwood design , we wo n't change the flag in our lifetimes or our children 's . 
  i want change , but i want it done properly with a flag that represents maori and pakeha , and does n't look like something i 'd find on a t-shirt tag to tell me it was locally made . 
   i ca n't think of any other symbol that carries such a rich history in new zealand and that conveys `` new zealand '' quite like the silver fern . 
  neither can i , but the english do n't have a rose on their flag , the irish do n't have a shamrock , and the americans do n't have an eagle . 
   what about all the other new zealanders that do n't fit into these two ethnic categories ? 
  new zealand is a country founded on a document between maori and pakeha . 
  both should be recognised in the flag . 
  anyway , pakeha has multiple meanings , one of those being european , and another being foreigner - so everyone would be under one of the two groups . 
   what i do n't want is something like red peak where somebody just mocks up what they think a flag should look like, 
  this is literally what lockwood did , and he screwed the pooch . 
  it 's an objectively shit design . 
  flags are meant to be easy to reproduce ( not on a machine , but by hand , e.g. 
  kids drawings , and yes that does matter ) , but this one 's all over the show . 
  the fern goes from the bottom to somewhere vague along the top . 
  it 's too stylised , with all the fronds . 
  the colour scheme looks terrible and tacky . 
  it 's just an awful design . 
  my dad is a through and through blues fan ( he picks them to win 13 + every week , regardless of who they play , and has done for the last 10 years ) , but the one all black he talked shit about that i remember was sean fitzpatrick . 
  called him a dirty bastard all through my childhood , and said he was the filthiest player we ever had . 
  how many fronds does the fern have ? 
  how many segments does the maple leaf have ? 
  i can answer one of those . 
  flags are meant to be simple . 
  kids being able to draw it = simple . 
  a coat of arms is what you pick for more complex imagery . 
  this is why , despite what you may think about `` invented meanings '' , red peak was a very good flag design . 
  it might not have worked for nz , but it was a good design . 
  [ how about the fact that this thing just looks like the bastard love child of the current flag and the black silver fern flag we wave at the rugby ? 
  ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/image/26171-955rtr.jpg ), 
  the best part of that video is thinking `` how refreshing not to have to listen to marshall '' , then realising it 's because he 's on the field running around half-assedly and not actually contributing to the defensive effort . 
  tana umaga is building a depth squad , so he 's rotated ihaia out to give another 10 a chance to start . 
  yes , we ( kiwis ) know how stupid that sounds . 
  just heard a bloke down at the local asking for a 13 + bet on the blues . 
  it 's nice when fans are blinded by love . 
  well when graham henry did it , we got two world cups . 
  tana 's doing it as coach of a franchise that is only too happy to swap coaches in and out , and with far less of a coaching reputation than ted . 
  i hope it works out for him , but it 'll be interesting to watch . 
  just snatched back 80m , that was brilliant, 
  directions to the try line . 
  who were you looking at ? 
  will keep an eye out, 
  crusaders or blues ? 
  could be bible verses , or the names of his family . 
  sometimes they have a prayer written on there as well . 
  to be fair to marshall , i do n't think he meant he thought he 'd scored a try , just that he 'd managed to reach out and hit the line when he was still a bit away . 
  brumbies starting xv , if you want to update op / u/jaumebg, 
  stephen moore , 3 . 
  sam carter , 6 . 
  scott fardy , 7 . 
  david pocock , 8 . 
  tomas cobeli , 10 . 
  jo tomane , 12 . 
  reserves, 
  jordan smiler , 20 . 
  michael dowsett , 22 . 
  andrew smith , 23 . 
  j. trbojevic if he 's available !, 
  when did the brumbies stop playing in white ? 
  never mind i just realised .
