  birth control is n't 100 % effective . 
  vasectomies start at $ 2,000 . 
  abortions are n't cheap either . 
  you saying poor people should n't have sex ? 
  or you volunteering to fund the sterilization of the poor ? 
  you 're talking about an american citizen . 
  why would anything outside of america matter ? 
  they should make foley and barrett play a round of rock , paper , scissors at halfway . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it could be 2 planned kids , and 3 broken condoms . 
  it could have been 6 broken condoms and he was able to afford an abortion . 
  none of that covers the fact that his wife has cancer and he 's trying to pay her bills . 
  do you think she popped out 5 kids while having cancer ? 
  this is n't a predictable situation . 
  for all you know he had a stable job for a decade before it got outsourced and he lost it . 
  you do n't know a thing about this situation except that he 's poor , he 's black , he has 5 kids , and he is being charged with a crime . 
  those are all the facts you have , yet somehow you 're able to blame him for having kids . 
  so no one should have kids in america unless they have enough savings to pay for any lack of job and cover any medical issues ? 
  oh and they should n't have sex either . 
  you 're a real problem solver . 
  who 's going to do the low income jobs when all the poor people stop having kids mate ? 
   america is not the world . 
  so you can go off topic but i ca n't query the direction of your shitty little poor hating world view ? 
  he got triple gilded too . 
  people love comments that ask you to have rational discussion with nazis . 
  for anyone who does n't know much about meads , he was the living legend of nz rugby . 
  he was the epitome of the tough old kiwi bloke , raised on a farm and later on raised his own family on one . 
  there 's a famous story about cricket legend don bradman and how he trained with a cricket wicket and a golf ball . 
  well there 's a story that meads used to train by running up and down the hill on his farm with a sheep under each arm ( it 's a bit of a myth , but we 'll keep telling it ) . 
  another one is the time he played through a broken arm while on tour in south africa . 
  does n't really work with him , bc you know he would n't have the balls to cut someone off with `` huh ? 
  huh ? 
  huh ? '', 
  that one was sir brian lochore !, 
  yeah lochore had retired earlier that year then someone got injured , so he got a call , said ok , wrote the note , then drove to the train station . 
  it 's the dream ay ? 
  a phone call to come play for the abs, 
  ### very glad that first person mode ended camping now i can walk through this patch of grass at first circle oh god i am being shot why are there five people suddenly standing up in the grass around me in solo queue what is this bloodbath madness oh god the horror we 're all dead but at least it was n't because of third person, 
  ca n't get the salvador dali buildings if you got no buildings !, 
  you guys actually managed to get something patched in and then you instantly find something wrong with it to complain about , damn, 
  nah , i 'm all about breakfast at tiffany 's . 
  the woman who 's been photoshopped into the gif is jacinda ardern . 
  up until a few weeks ago , she was the deputy leader of the new zealand labour party , and had denied she ever wanted to be leader . 
  this was quite believable because her passion is working with children , youth , and young adults . 
  after receiving the worst polling results in new zealand labour history , the leader of the party , a rather uncharismatic man named andrew little , stepped down on a monday morning . 
  jacinda was elected leader of the party , with an election looming just over fifty days from then . 
  since her takeover , the poll numbers have risen for labour , in concert with a drop for their opponents , national , and an exodus from labour 's left wing partners , the greens . 
  labour is now polling the highest they have in 9 years , and jacinda is being credited with most of it . 
  she 's a hugely popular figure on the left and centre , and has proven herself to be highly capable at debating and politicking . 
  if elected , she 'll be one of the three youngest pms we 've had , and the second elected woman after helen clark , who was also from her party , and who she is seen as a more modern and aware successor to . 
  i dunno , there was beaver at the world cup in 2011 . 
  he got the call while whitebaiting . 
  admittedly not the day before , but it was pretty good . 
  as a huge fan of lion , albeit at low mmr , it 's easy as hell to go aghs by 20min while buying plenty of wards , dust , and the couriers . 
  once you do that , you do n't really need any other item . 
  true , i was just pointing out that he can get it online quite quickly . 
  also , 20s cooldown !, 
  literally broken !, 
  jesus fucking christ you all need to calm the fuck down . 
  this is n't that bad of a bug . 
  you hit refresh ui , you chill , eat a bikkie , and take a sip of tea . 
  you ready up , and you go . 
  this game is n't meant to infuriate you , it 's meant to thrill you , stop getting angry at little things that do n't fucking matter . 
  oh my god i did n't even think about that . 
  i 've always just gone `` 20s is enough , now i must ward even more heavily '', 
  even if that 's true , he was still implying that she 's no more than a pretty face which is pretty fucking disrespectful to one of our more skilled politicians . 
  if they do it because she 's a woman , then yeah , why not ? 
   superficial or cosmetic changes, 
  you mean , something that * pretties * up a product ? 
  like good looks ? 
  would have worked far better . 
  palin also described herself as a pitbull with lipstick , and mccain used the lipstick with a pig line to reference clinton about 6 months earlier . 
  that seems to be american politics . 
  but yeah , obama was wrong , and yes , people should have spoken up about it . 
  in fact , there were quite a few news articles about it at the time . 
  but that was also 9 years ago , and in america , not new zealand . 
  are you suggesting we let our politics deteriorate to a comparable level ? 
  or that people ca n't change their views over 9 years ? 
  not so fun fact : when african americans passed the tests they were given , they were then given a new one . 
  if they passed that , they got another new one . 
  in one case in the 1930s , a black woman from georgia who 'd never left the state was able to read the first test , and the next , and the next , until finally she was asked to read the fourth one in order to qualify to vote . 
  it was the first section of the constitution . 
  pretty easy , right ? 
  except it was printed in mandarin . 
  white dragon will turn everyone he breathes on into a wight, 
  hi , do n't think i have an opinion on the matter , definitely know what west point is . 
  tell you what , the offering of a sabre to each graduate made me reconsider for about 30 seconds there !, 
  was n't the old prediction that aoe 4 would be the 20th century , and aoe 5 would be futuristic ? 
  and turning a dagger around to give it hilt first to a lady ? 
  people do that when they swear allegiance . 
  arya was showing her loyalty to sansa . 
  the pretty dresses crap ? 
  it was code for sansa . 
  sansa knows that arya does n't give two hoots about all that . 
  that was way back in season 1 though , and there needed to be mystery around the white walkers . 
  which is probably why they would n't show one raising the dead next to the wall . 
  or he was raised out in the wild when he died , and was waiting to be taken back to the wall for the nk to actually make him active, 
   they could have easily shown that if it was the intent . 
  or they could just let the audience go 1 +1 and figure it out ? 
   she is supposed to be a master of subtlety and disguise and in the moments where it matters most ( sneaking up on littlefinger ) it does n't occur to her to use it at all ?
