  i presume they had the standard 40 men , but i 'm not sure whether they were equipped with a corvus as well . 
  the first punic war lasted twenty three years , and during the course of it , both sides lost hundreds of ships . 
  the carthaginians lost theirs in attacks by the roman navy , who had sheer weight of numbers to overrun them . 
  the romans however , lost theirs in storms . 
  after capturing 114 carthaginian ships and sinking around 20 more , the roman fleet lost 250 ships and around 100,000 men in a storm . 
  this was what made the roman fleet so astonishing . 
  they had an unprecedented production of ships , and then managed to keep them afloat through battles despite their inexperienced naval force , but then lost the majority of their ships to the weather because their men were n't able to read the ocean like other sailors . 
  by the end of the war , the carthaginian navy was effectively eliminated , and the roles had reversed : from carthaginian superiority to roman superiority . 
  it took less than half a century . 
  after the punic wars , rome turned to war in the east and this time the navy was much lessened , to the point where roman allies in rhodes were called upon to provide naval support . 
  rome dominated the mediterranean , but they were never comfortable on the sea , and it 's shown through the rapid dismantling of their navy . 
  source : [ lionel casson 's * the ancient mariners * ] ( https://archive.org/details/ancientmarines006626mbp ), 
  if you 're interested in fiction surrounding this topic as well , john stack has an excellent trilogy called * masters of the sea * . 
  it follows a young greek sailor as he rises through the roman navy from its inception and into the punic war . 
  edit : sniped by / u/mcguineari !, 
  hopefully i added in some helpful additional stuff though . 
  if you provide a link to a google document that is open to public viewing , someone who can help will be able to take a look for you . 
  i did n't actually know much about the roman fleet until i found that book and went through it to get that post . 
  it looks like a classical historian has just posted though , so hopefully he helps you a bit more . 
  with reference to the book - a lot of the information has bracketed references to earlier pages . 
  i found it was quite useful to get both the . pdf and the . epub files , and use one for checking back for earlier references . 
  `` key was rather excited to point out the gcsb 's new monitoring techniques , which included running a pie shop opposite a mosque and noting which patrons refused pork . '', 
  do you know much about the decommissioning of the roman fleet after the first punic war ? 
  the source i used above did mention that the romans got out of naval affairs as soon as was feasible , but it did n't say how they did so - either by selling , scuttling or repurposing the ships . 
  [ there 's a section ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/books/eastasia#wiki_mongolia ) in the book list on mongolia . 
  in addition to that , * genghis khan : life , death and resurrection * by john man is supposed to be excellent , but i have n't read it yet ( it 's in one of those piles of unread books people have around the house ) . 
  there have also been quite a few threads , [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2iarec/mongolian_empire_how_did_that_happen/ ) in particular has a list of other threads within it which may help you out . 
  scuttling and repurposing did n't seem like reasonable options , but figured i had to ask . 
  i do n't think the discomfort of having a fleet sounds as hollow as you think . 
  the fact that they lost - several times over - more than half their fleet through storms in the early years would suggest that it was a much more extraordinary cost to bear when compared with the other states that were actually competent seafarers . 
  yeah the manpower alone would be enough to make you quit your job as recruiter . 
  i think i pointed out above that they lost 100,000 men in one storm , and then had to go find that many again to do new ships . 
  bloody nightmare . 
  thanks for your answers !, 
  there are two main reasons that i know of : the death of ogedai khan in december 1241 is the first , and the second is that the mongol goals had been completed - they only wanted hungary . 
  ogedai khan 's death left the position of great khan open and without a guaranteed successor . 
  the mongols did n't adhere to `` the eldest son inherits '' . 
  ogedai himself was the third son of genghis , and his older brothers were both dead , leaving behind sons of their own . 
  because there was no clear rule about succession , it was open . 
  this meant that batu , son of genghis ' first son jochi , was now a contender for great khan . 
  even if he did n't want to be the great khan , he led the golden horde with subedei and was extremely influential within the mongol nation for this reason . 
  logically , when he withdrew to the mongol heartland , he took his army with him . 
  the second reason is that the goals of the mongols had been achieved . 
  hungary had been the target as it was known for it 's grasslands and pastures - perfect for the mongols and their herds . 
  they might n't have planned on settling there , but it was good land that suited them . 
  beyond hungary lay much rougher terrain that was ill suited for them . 
  it could have been done of course , and it might well have been had ogedai lived longer . 
  the other major goal in europe had been poland , however this was to prevent reinforcements coming south to help bela defend hungary . 
  so the mongols had the ability to continue west into europe , but did n't . 
  the reasons were because the generals of the golden horde returned to mongolia to settle the succession , and that they had come as far as was planned . 
  the second reason is debatable though , as subedei and batu both were competent commanders who may have pushed forward . 
  this is however , speculative . 
  source : * genghis khan : life , death and resurrection * by john man . 
  the middle ages is named so because it 's the period of european history that falls between antiquity and modernity . 
  starting at the fall of the roman empire , and finishing sometime around the renaissance and the age of discovery ( the period when europe began to explore the world on a large scale ) , the middle ages are essentially the ` transition ' period between the ancient civilisations such as rome and greece , and the modern era , where individual states began to emerge . 
  within this period there are further divisions - the early , high and late middle ages . 
  these all refer to different stages of development again . 
  the early middle ages is a period when kingdoms began to emerge in europe from what was a loosely affiliated society . 
  in turn , this centralisation led to the high middle ages where technological developments meant that the european economy grew rapidly , and as it did , political systems changed , marking a break from antiquity . 
  the late middle ages was a period of decay through conflict and sickness , specifically wars , religious schisms , and the black death . 
  this resulted in the european population diminishing greatly , and a stagnation in the economic and intellectual growth that had marked out the high middle ages . 
  knowing that the middle ages was divided as such , we can reasonably project that at some point in the future , the period named `` the middle ages '' could be feasibly extended . 
  it follows that there would be new period divisions inserted to mark out technological advancements in medicine , transport , and science , and separating the 20th century from the earlier periods . 
  * it 's important to remember that the middle ages is a eurocentric term . 
  that is to say , it 's based around european cultures and development only , and does n't encompass the civilisations of asia , africa or the americas . 
  for this reason , the same period is called the post-classical era when referring to global developments . 
  pretty much this . 
  the mongols were brilliant at adapting . 
  i believe in some cases where it was necessary they would even dismount entire * minghaans * so they could fight on foot if it suited . 
  as for the europeans standing against them , subedei was probably the greatest military strategist of the age , and the european castles and walled cities were obstacles the mongols had already faced in china . 
  lastly , on the question of terrain - afghanistan is notorious for being one of the hardest places on earth to fight a war in . 
  the russians lost there and the americans are n't winning there now , both at the height of their power . 
  the mongols however , were successful there . 
  the only nation to be so in the last millenium . 
  the one i referenced in my first response - john man 's * genghis * - is sitting beside me now and it looks like something you might like . 
  it 's only 400 pages , same size as a novel . 
  he seems passionate , and he wrote the book either during or just after a trip to mongolia and the areas genghis ruled . 
  i have n't read it completely , but i 've found it really easy to read when i was looking for particular details on answers to questions . 
  conn iggulden did an excellent job . 
  he changed quite a few names to make them easier for modern readers and to reduce confusion . 
  one example is subudei becoming tsubodai . 
  he also altered the identities of some characters , making two unrelated people father and son so that it would be easier to bring them into the story . 
  other than that , it 's a fairly accurate * overview * , but the speech obviously , as well as motivations for certain actions , and the relationships between different people are all generally speculation . 
  i read the entire series earlier this year , and it was what gave me interest in genghis and his descendants , but it was the historical notes at the end of the book , and other reading from non-fiction that gave me the clarification on smaller points . 
  i 'm confused by this , because you 've said below they 'd have no interest in europe anyway ? 
  whichever it is , i 'll answer this post . 
  the mongols had known about the hungarian terrain for decades , certainly since genghis had ruled them . 
  the mongolian empire did n't farm the land - they conquered it , and then moved their herds through it . 
  they were nomadic , and grasslands such as found in hungary were perfect because they could graze their herds , raise the young animals , and rotate to new areas as needed . 
  the conquest of hungary provided them with grasslands to use as a staging post for raids into europe , but there 's really no reason to believe they had plans to keep conquering across western europe . 
  it 's pure speculation and is dependent upon the wishes of the khan , who at this point , was dead . 
  as for poland and the balkans - i addressed that already . 
  subedei had split the mongol forces so that they could advance on poland and prevent reinforcements moving south . 
  by this point , all of europe had heard of the hordes coming from the east . 
  they had taken russian cities in winter , another unique achievement , and they were advancing to the borders of the holy roman empire . 
  christendom was threatened , so all of europe was motivated to work together . 
  that was why poland was attacked - to destroy the armies that posed a potential threat to the mongol horde as it attacked hungary . 
  if you want more proof of this , the dates of the battles should be enough . 
  the battle between the mongols and the hungarian forces began one day after the polish army was defeated . 
  the mongols are famed for their communication over long distances using outposts of cavalry ( much like the early us postal service ) , and the timing of the attacks fits with subedei 's tactical style : he waited until he was sure of victory .
