   who am i, 
  i think kennedy was one of those blue-greens everyone talks about . 
  he likes to go environmental issues , but i 'm guessing he keeps his head down elsewhere . 
  ... and they just added space for two more , how about that . 
  why do you think men commit suicide more , have a lower life expectancy , and are dropping out of school and avoiding college ? 
  like what do you think causes those things ? 
  these are quite different scenarios to the greens though . 
  nz first was formed by winston splitting from national ( because of his personality ) and taking a few people with him . 
  alliance was formed by the same thing happening with jim anderton and labour . 
  when you 've got members splitting off because they do n't know how to play nice , it makes sense that they 're going to be trouble in the future . 
  the greens are n't an offshoot , and have no instability . 
  even with todays events they 've remained a tight cohesive party , ejecting the malcontents and moving on . 
  right . 
  based on what you 've said though , would you say women are privileged above men by society ? 
  that 's what i took from your comment - women can only complain about a mythical pay gap , but men are more likely to drop out , die , etc. 
  but i want to know, 
  i can say that , especially in comparison to the alliance and nz first examples that you used . 
  after both those parties split off from their respective major parties , there were further splits - tau henare i believe , and jim anderton left the alliance to set up yet another party . 
  the greens are firstly , an original party in their own right . 
  they do n't have to deal with the problem of being a party formed out of discontented members . 
  secondly , the majority of the green base had stood by metiria turei over the past week . 
  very few have criticised her , and a lot more people have decided to stand by her because of her values . 
  i also think a lot of non-supporters are still tied to this old and tired idea that greens supporters are all activists and hippies , when a lot of us just see them as the party upholding certain values when others do n't . 
  as for the two `` most senior and experienced mps '' , one was barely going to slip into parliament at # 16 , and the other was 71 and is the brother of a knighted national mp . 
  given that i 've never heard of either of them , but can name several other green mps who have a far more public profile , i 'd say they wo n't be missed . 
  machine 's jokes were nothing like james ' joke . 
  i 'm not surprised no one likes him if his jokes about masturbating are representative of who he is as an entertainer . 
  not anymore , he just quit . 
  climate change is his love , but that 's all . 
  he 's essentially only there for that . 
  the electoral fraud was a vote for a joke party , it means fuck all . 
  no one called for their resignations . 
  hell , bill 's still there . 
  sounds like it 's been a long time coming , and they were just biding their time until they could kick up a fuss . 
  15 % is 18 seats , and i have n't seen a single greens supporter complain about this yet . 
  do n't care about healthcare ? 
  poverty ? 
  education ? 
  point is , there 's a double standard . 
  white dude does it , he gets to be pm . 
  m\u0101ori woman does it and she 's a dole bludging thief who should resign immediately . 
  like i said in another post , kennedy graham is a enviro green only . 
  he does n't seem to give a shit about anything other than that . 
  blue-green . 
  what does political correctness have to do with a joke about not being able to masturbate because you do n't have porn ? 
  jakiro is n't an issue then , because he only has one item . 
  i 'm sure they 'll add slots and tidy up others because it makes a sense for them to have as many combos as possible for $ $ $ making reasons . 
  while i 'm here , tinker 's collector 's cache set has a cool propeller for the back slot which is also the slot for the immortal boots he has . 
  god damn singsing , hiring brown people !, 
  you 're a moron dude . 
  you 're the one that suggested singsing and his team were taking on a risk by having a middle eastern player . 
  from what i see , they took the proper precautions - including asking for the documentation from the tournament organisers well in advance so that they could take care of the visa with plenty of time . 
  they 've resigned because of metiria , but over the past two weeks i have n't seen any greens supporters who did n't support her stand . 
  so if these two are walking out , who 's following ? 
  i think you underestimate how much greens supporters like her right now . 
  apologies . 
  you 're the first one i 've talked to who has not been in favour of metiria . 
  can i ask your opinion of kennedy graham and david clendon ? 
  this was your original comment :, 
   let 's not forget they 're the ones bringing in a middle eastern player to what is supposed to be a benelux tournament ( belgium , netherlands , luxembourg ) . 
  this is the risk they took , not the tournament or organisers . 
  as sexybamboe explained , they covered that risk by communicating with the tournament organisers far in advance . 
  you did n't mention communication once . 
  and of course there 'd be no issues if was a european player , because you 've all got free movement . 
  i understand that two mps quitting is a bad thing . 
  but i 'd like to present the alternative view to this . 
  * the tweet this submission links to was sent at 6:02 pm . 
  it announced that the ultimatum had been made . 
  * [ newshub sent this tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/newshubpolitics/status/894442100904706048 ) at 6:16 pm , basically a quarter of an hour later . 
  in the space of 14 minutes , kennedy graham and david clendon attempted to overthrow metiria turei , were rebuffed , told to resign , and subsequently quit the party . 
  they walked out alone . 
  conversely , metiria has received wide support from the fellow members of the party :, 
  * [ marama davidson ] ( https://twitter.com/maramadavidson ) , no. 3. , has since retweeted people using the \\ #istandwithmetiria hashtag . 
  * [ julie anne genter ] ( https://twitter.com/julieannegenter/status/894460632161964034 ) , no. 4. , replied to duncan garner saying that metiria had the party 's support . 
  * [ jack mcdonald ] ( https://twitter.com/tautokai/status/894459585737523201 ) , no. 12 . 
  that 's ignoring the other mps who have expressed public support for metiria over the past few days : eugenie sage ( 5 ) , garteh hughes ( 6 ) , jan logie ( 7 ) , golriz ghahraman ( 9 ) , mojo mathers ( 10 ) , barry coates ( 11 ) , john hart ( 13 ) , and i ca n't be bothered going further because that 's every mp on the list so far . 
  so to recap , two mps disagreed with metiria , threatened to walk if she did n't resign , and got shown the door . 
  within 15 minutes . 
  there was no argument . 
  there were no other voices standing up for them . 
  the top 13 candidates on the list have all publicly expressed support for metiria 's work and what she 's said over the past week . 
  where 's the instability ? 
  i asked them that question because kennedy graham * only * cares about the environment . 
  he does n't seem to have a position on anything relating to social welfare in new zealand . 
  his sole positions are fighting climate change , and being anti-war , both of which are admirable , but leave him sadly lacking in leftist values . 
  there 's a double standard . 
  why is metiria asked to resign and bill is n't ? 
  the visa was n't denied . 
  they just did n't have enough time because of the organisers . 
  that 's a huge wall of text just to say you do n't give a fuck about women reaching the maximum potential of the human race because they apparently wo n't fall as far, 
  it was a part of the royal commission that wrote the report on the pros and cons of having the m\u0101ori seats . 
  i have backups , but that does n't mean i shoulder the blame for someone else 's fuck up . 
  andrew little was n't pushed out by his party , he resigned because he saw no way forward . 
  a united front means everything . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with people focusing on something . 
  what i ca n't abide is a member of parliament for a party having no position on core values , as if he can only focus on one thing at a time . 
   be wary of how much it 's a double standard vs how much it 's different people who are calling for metiria to resign and who are fine with bill english leading national . 
  the majority of right wing commentators do n't seem to give two shits about bill , but say metiria is evil . 
  parliament of 4 million , boys !, 
  because a p\u0101keh\u0101 government forced them upon m\u0101ori , so let m\u0101ori decide when they want to give them back .
