  this is really cool . 
  i like how the text moves in a way that i associate with depp 's speech . 
  it 's sort of frenetic and halting all at once . 
  say you missed a few points at golf and borrow his card to copy them down . 
  look at the scorecard where he fills in his name and hope he does n't use `` me '' . 
  or go bowling and see what he puts in on the scoreboard . 
  i was going down the motorway the other day and saw flashing lights in my rearview , about 400m behind me . 
  pulled out of the fast lane so i would n't get caught among the other cars trying to merge out . 
  within five seconds , the entire lane was clear for half a k , but the cop had disappeared . 
  i kept an eye on the rearview , and it turns out some poor sap was his target , and the guy was merging back and forth across four lanes trying to make a gap for the cop to get past him , before finally realising the cop wanted * him * to pull over . 
  ca n't imagine the embarrassment he felt then . 
  i believe you mr. gecko, 
  the surveys generally specify digital devices as laptops , desktops , tablets , and smartphones , and will sometimes include latest gen game consoles and televisions . 
  it generally is per household . 
  so a lot of people have 3-4 laptops , 3-4 smartphones as a base entry . 
  this is plausible except for the fact ( and i ca n't believe i can actually call this a fact ) that trump makes decisions to purposely go against his advisers and policymakers . 
  we 've seen it happen several times where he 's been told something is a bad idea , and he 's gone and done it anyway , before explicitly stating he thought it 'd be fine . 
   be polite , be professional , but have a plan to kill everybody you meet . 
  omg they quoted him for tf2, 
  dude , that 's genius , why has china never thought to kill a man , install a puppet , and rule north korea !, 
  it could n't be because of the huge military that 's sitting there and the countless losses that would be involved , both civilian and military . 
  or the problems of governing a state with 20 million ethnic koreans right next to another one with millions of ethnic koreans . 
  this is mostly true , but you ca n't just eliminate race as a factor here . 
  saying that everything wrong in the us ( or any other western country that struggles with poverty and a widening disparity in wealth ) is due solely to class is minimising the struggles of minority groups who have faced and do face discrimination purely on the basis of race , not class . 
  the first time i saw the top left pic , it was submitted to the cop subreddit with the title `` looting is out of hand in houston ! '', 
  absolutely fucked . 
  sure , i get that . 
  but when there is actual looting occurring , i ca n't really get behind * cops * making jokes that function on the idea of a black man being a looter . 
  were you not here fore diretide lol, 
  i would love having purge on my friend 's list because of this . 
  never talk to him , never invite him , just have him there as a wise elder type who occasionally spec your 2k game and says `` you should n't position yourself like that with lina , she 's got ranged attacks , you 're so much better than that '' or `` why not rush dagon on tiny , you know it 's the right thing to do ! '', 
  i assume so , but this survey could be doing it differently to the usual market research ones ( colmar brunton etc ) . 
  i think either someone has dropped the word ` household ' , or the market research company has done the surveys by phone so they only get one person per household , so someone is assuming it 's self-explanatory . 
  it feels too similar to fps games tbh . 
  i 'd like different environment maps like the one we have now . 
  * alpine map , all snow , lots of mountains and rocks and caves . 
  couple of ski resorts , a swiss town somewhere with small houses . 
  * desert map . 
  something like timbuktu ? 
  sand dunes and shit , but with oases around the place and those square houses made out of adobe . 
  animals would be cool too , but that would require more work . 
  * grand canyon/mesa type one . 
  lots of hoodoos and canyons , with a network of rivers and lakes running along the bottom . 
  abandoned tourist towns and military facilities to loot . 
  * swamps/everglades/marsh . 
  something with fog and mist , and you 're waist deep in water half the time . 
  heaps of trees overhanging everywhere . 
  stuff like this would be so much more interesting than a city map i think . 
  you could have a big city in some of these , but the open areas are essential too . 
  and the weather effects ( snow/blizzard/fog ) would limit visibility which means you get small map experience on a huge map and the final circles would be chaotic . 
  wait , we 're just posting cheats now ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's built into windows , it 's not built into the game , is it ? 
  the entire point of footsteps is that they 're quiet enough that you have to listen carefully . 
  if you 're fucking with your audio to purposely max one aspect of the game * that is by design meant to be quiet * , how is that not cheating ? 
  how the fuck is it not well thought out ? 
  footsteps are quiet , gunshots are n't . 
  that makes perfect sense . 
  fucking with your monitor 's colouring to get the best setting possible is fine . 
  changing it so people stand out better ingame is either optimising or cheating depending on how far you take it . 
  but going into the audio settings which are purposely designed to be set so that footsteps are at 10 while gunshots are at 100 , and boosting footsteps to 100 and capping gunshots at 100 is cheating because you 're fundamentally changing the way the game information system works . 
  to borrow an anti-tpp argument , you 're getting information for free . 
  [ america has the equal worst paid leave requirements in the world . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_minimum_annual_leave_by_country ), 
  when i first saw it , i honestly could n't believe you have to work twenty years in one job just to get twenty days off . 
  that 's be fantastic . 
  you could even have beads of sweat over the camera in fpp like you get from the rain . 
  steam rising up every now and then . 
  feel free to explain how subverting the design of the game is n't cheating . 
  i love how the media companies said this , but at the same time * every single * pirate and a lot of the non pirates were going , `` you know , i would , that would be cool . '', 
  the only reason i would n't is because i 'd worry about the size , but now that we have 3d printers , it 'd just be a large image file i guess . 
  so you 're obviously an aussie or a kiwi , but i 'm cracking up at all the people who seem to have discovered `` blokey bloke '' in the replies, 
  tell you what , if / u/purgegamers does n't take pity on me , you 're welcome to add me and critique my games !, 
   like jill stein or gary johnson . 
  yeah , it 's the youth that tend to be stupid . 
  totally the youth . 
  pm me in the morning if this is still available . 
  she 's not saying they suffer because of fewer europeans . 
  she 's saying poor areas that have high deprivation , have lower incomes , have lots of rental housing , and have fewer europeans . 
  europeans are not affected to the same extent . 
  kiwi here . 
  we had a similar program . 
  thing is , most people on the dole ca n't afford drugs because they 're on the dole to get money to keep the family alive . 
  so there are n't a lot of drugs floating round . 
  no , you 're misunderstanding me . 
  beneficiaries do not use drugs to the extent that the rest of the public believes . 
  the drugged up beneficiary is a myth that is spread by politicians that want to cut benefits , the people who vote for those politicians , and media like that owned by rupert murdoch . 
  we tested 8000 beneficiaries in new zealand and found 20 with traces of drugs . 
  that 's in a country with a meth epidemic . 
  that 's not a problem , it 's a fucking reassuring sign . 
  you did n't agree with me . 
  you said `` a lot of these drug abusers have family to look after '' and `` there 's so many drugs so much unemployment '' which sounds like you think people on the dole are doing drugs . 
  for you and / u/selby9409 :, 
  i bought this game in april . 
  i installed it almost immediately and jumped in , and spent the first 10-20 games thinking everything was fucked . 
  i could n't get my head round the aiming , the damage from each gun , all the differences a new game with shooting aspects includes . 
  there 's a comment on this sub from me somewhere asking a guy with 10 wins `` how do you kill people though , i always fire and do no damage and they one shot me with a gun from ages away . '', 
  that was 4 months ago , and now i have wins in solo , duo , and squad . 
  i top 10 fairly regularly . 
  my kdr is n't amazing , but my games generally go either 0-1 kills in the first few minutes and dying , or making it out of my landing zone and finishing with 5 + kills . 
  what changed was i kept playing and got used to how the guns work .
