  we do know that this woman got into college in the 80s then dropped out . 
  for something to make you drop out of college , it 's big . 
  she 's then gone on to raise at least one child , and get that child a good enough education that they got into college . 
  and not just any college . 
  they got into william & mary , the second oldest college in america and one that did n't admit black students to all programs until the 70s . 
  then on top of all that , she 's managed to get herself to a stable enough point in life that she could take the time to put herself through college . 
  that means she 's either got enough stability to quit work and study , or she 's working fucked hours to make it fit around her timetable , or she 's doing night school . 
  any of these is admirable , and to do it on top of all the rest that she 's done is fantastic . 
  add to that the fact that many people are the first in their families to go to university . 
  it looks like the mum might have been that first , and from the first or second generation of black students to be allowed into universties . 
  add to that the economic barriers to getting into university in the 70s/80s , and yeah , this is some black excellence in action . 
  state dept/foreign affairs . 
  political shit as an assistant . 
  research positions * anywhere * . 
  business sector . 
  you pass a ba and you 're sussed because people know you can read , research , write , and communicate . 
  which are all kind of important . 
  what metric are those people who yell `` u-s-a '' and `` we 're number one ! '', 
  using to measure this ? 
   if it 's allowed to take hold in the u.s. , how long do you think it 'll be before other countries follow suit ? 
  seriously dude ? 
  what makes you think that america is some sort of beacon that all the rest of us look to to dictate how we do things ? 
  most of us have got universal healthcare , and we 're appalled at the state of american health services . 
  we have free or heavily subsidised university education , we do n't kill people for breaking the law , and we do n't have police forces that kill people who did n't break the law . 
  we use our military for things other than killing foreign citizens , and we do n't vote for someone because they 're gon na kill muslims or gays . 
  if it 's allowed to take hold in the us , it 's a sign of the degeneration of your country , and has nothing to do with the rest of us . 
  america is n't the canary in the mine , america 's the guy who ignored the canary . 
   it has , historically , been a world leader , and its influence has been far reaching, 
  america is a conservative right wing country and half of the rest of us are social liberal states edging into social welfare . 
  we have supported america in times of war , but american policy is wholly unique and undesirable to many of us . 
  and it 's not condescending when you 're being arrogant and assuming that everyone will drop their plans to follow america 's lead on something like this . 
  wait , you guys cop that shit too ? 
  in nz we 've got these fuckers telling us we waste all our money on smashed avo brunches and that 's why we ca n't afford a home !, 
  `` your blood is blue !, 
  it only looks red because it touches the oxygen ! '', 
  fuck , dunno , i do n't eat them , but i remember over summer they were cheap because people stopped complaining . 
  in spring i had friends who were picking them up on roadtrips from all over the place because farmers were selling them cheap roadside . 
  because one is a dip and one is a skinned avocado that 's been mashed onto the piece of toast with a fork . 
  that 's the just the excuse . 
  why would he do that ? 
  it says that comey 's actions did have an effect on the election , which tarnishes trump 's legitimacy . 
  no , this is something else . 
  he needed him gone because he has either got something , or was getting close to something . 
  justin amash ( r-mi . ), 
  tweeted that he wants to establish an independent commission on russia today . 
  the first republican to take serious action on this and pursue it will be president one day . 
  there is serious political karma waiting to be taken . 
  no , the snopes page said the teller refused to call the manager , and the wapo article says the same . 
  my bad , i read that as the teller refused to call the manager . 
  but if harry dies as a baby , and voldemort rules hogwarts , how would hermione , a muggle born , ever make it to school ? 
  still a better fan fic than the cursed child though . 
  if all three teams peak together that wo n't be `` close to a pool of death '' , that 'll be a god damn ocean of pain . 
  100 % real . 
  the guy set a screengrab of his mugshot as his profile pic after he made the comments , and was openly taunting at the time . 
  source : he 's a friend of a friend . 
  extra source : [ the original screenshots . 
  ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/crime/10637542/jail-time-for-police-facebook-taunter ), 
  even during the bulls series there were 1-2 games where it looked sloppy and other players picked up the slack . 
  celtics are generally running a good show here . 
  the caribbean was inhabited before the spanish , british , and french arrived though . 
  this is n't race baiting , there was an ignorance of cultural practice here and the model turned around and said that it did n't matter because m\u0101ori were n't relevant anyway . 
  you realise that you can respect the sanctity of the mountain while not believing it 's sacred , right ? 
  you would n't go into a church and act disrespectfully , do you ? 
  it 's a place that holds significance to someone , so you treat it with respect . 
  what 's the difference here ? 
  they 're too stupid to realise that the first to take charge and lead the action will be a landslide winning two-term president when this all calms down a few terms from now . 
  it does n't matter if every island was inhabited . 
  indigineity is n't dictated by island , it 's done by region . 
  the caribbean region was inhabited by a number of different native american peoples , meaning it had an indigenous population . 
  new zealand , the collection of islands that makes it up , was inhabited by m\u0101ori , meaning it had a population that was here first , and therefore was indigenous . 
  this is why animal species are referred to as being indigenous to a country or region , not an island . 
  kiwi are indigenous to new zealand , but there are multiple sub-species which are only found in different areas . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  i 'm asking ** you ** what the difference is between respecting the mountain as a sacred part of taranaki iwi culture , and respecting a church as a sacred part of christian culture . 
  the entire point of the disagreement was that m\u0101ori were not being respected as indigenous . 
  she said that m\u0101ori were n't indigenous , making m\u0101ori irrelevant to the conversation . 
  it 's not hard . 
  howdy , there 's a snake in my boot, 
  they were all first . 
  they migrated out of the american continent into the islands , much like polynesians migrated across the pacific . 
  just like the m\u0101ori , samoan , and fijian cultures are all distinct , yet still polynesian . 
   made up cultural beliefs, 
  literally all cultural beliefs are made up , congrats , you figured out how social constructs work . 
  the response was `` m\u0101ori are not indigenous '' - how is that dismissing the other point ? 
  the only way it dismisses the point is if the position of m\u0101ori as indigenous is irrelevant to the conversation ( which it 's not ) . 
  christianity is n't a culture , but it has a culture . 
  exactly , it 'd be like your grandmother arriving and claiming she was indigenous to the broom closet because you have n't opened it since you moved in . 
  why not ? 
  m\u0101ori were the first people there . 
  they lived there for around 600 years before p\u0101keh\u0101 arrived . 
  it was literally their mountain until it was confiscated in 1865 . 
  apparently we get to impose our view of it as a piece nature upon it , but when m\u0101ori impose their view of it as a sacred piece of nature , there 's a difference ? 
  the principle is n't the same at all . 
  there is a demonstrable benefit gained from the mauna kea observatory , and as you pointed out , it is a location that ca n't be replicated elsewhere . 
  however , when observatories were first put in at mauna kea , the original designers * avoided * using the best available location because it was considered holy ground . 
  this model could have taken her picture on any number of snow-capped peaks in the country , or the world . 
  her picture does n't contribute anything of unique value , so i do n't see how it 's comparable at all . 
  your way gives more freedom , why should a p\u0101keh\u0101 worldview be imposed on m\u0101ori ? 
  m\u0101ori are n't saying mt taranaki ca n't be used , they 're just upset this happened there . 
  and why should n't they be ?
