  he 's saying that your stereotype of rich school boys playing rugby is boring . 
  who the fuck is downvoting great banter like this ? 
  you know that we have other teams too right ? 
  like the franchises . 
  i would n't walk out of a game i paid $ 50 to see , let alone one i paid 300 quid to see . 
  i 'd wait out the end and watch the game , because i do n't know what i 'll see in the last few minutes . 
  all those people that left ? 
  they missed one of the best wing tries so far from giteau . 
  it 's not just about your team , it 's about the sport and the atmosphere . 
  is that for all internationals ? 
  like regular season 6n ? 
  you 're getting ripped if so . 
  i can pay $ 15 - $ 45 for a local province game , and maybe $ 40 - $ 60 for a super rugby game at eden park . 
  i paid $ 105 in 2011 for a seat behind the goal posts , quite high up , in the ireland v. australia game . 
  only ever ok if they 're resorting to foul play . 
  no , it was n't . 
  farrell had every right to stand his ground . 
  he had no right to lower his head and turn it into a shoulder charge/head butt . 
  why do so many people want the `` only home players '' rule abolished ? 
  you know if it 's gone , half your players scarper and you lose them in your club comp . 
  of course . 
  but the english club competition should come before the french club competition . 
  we retain our players to nz , sa , ( and formerly australia ) and keep the super rugby franchises strong , as well as the provincial teams . 
  it means that we have good players playing itm cup , then being selected for super xv to play with experienced players , which creates a strong learning environment . 
  if we let players chase the money , europe would have most of our best , our super rugby franchises would suffer , younger players would n't want to play in them and would go off shore , and we 'd be left with 50 % of the stocks we have now . 
  one of the best first five eighths in the world is currently playing for southland , a tiny union in the second division of the itm cup . 
  and he 's only there because of the draw of an all black jersey . 
  it did look forward from a level view , but the spider cam sorted that . 
  genia looks like he 's on the up again which is fantastic for aussie , but shit for the rest of us . 
  to be completely fair , nick evans wanted the top spot , and he was never going to get it . 
  he 's two years older than carter , and mils was the fullback . 
  once mils left , dagg came in . 
  carter could have played 12 with evans at 10 , but we had nonu playing consistently by then . 
  i 'm not sure of your problem with the overall strat ? 
  we 've only given sabbatical to one or two players who are either centurions or have given hugely long service . 
  no one 's been picked from an overseas team - closest is sbw but he came and actually played npc , which is more than you can say for a lot of abs . 
  england were poor , but i think aussie definitely ramped it up . 
  their plays were tighter , cleaner , crisper . 
  the only real let down i remember was phipps , and folau 's no-show . 
  even kurtley beale turned up and set up a brilliant try . 
  for a guy who looked like he was really struggling at halfway , he had great vision to step those two and make them look foolish . 
  is n't that what this sub is for ? 
  wales & australia had a tough draw too , and if it had n't been those three , it would have been three others . 
  there are 9-10 really good teams remember , and 1-2 of them were going to be out of the top 8 and put into the same pool as two others , no matter what . 
  wow , my interest in watching rugby overseas when i travel has somewhat diminished now . 
  that 's a real shame . 
  maybe this is a bigger problem in getting fans into rugby than the `` rich schoolboys club '' notion . 
  how much do tickets to an epl game cost ? 
  the ignominy of being coached by a sh coach . 
  why is steffon armitage playing his rugby in france and not england ? 
  australia 's been getting some coaching from ledesma ( the former argentinian front rower ) , which helped them with their technique . 
  they 're also going for straight pushes with no angling in , which means if the other team angles , they get penalised . 
  england was getting pinged for this ( it collapses the scrum/turns the scrum ) . 
  yeah but remember phipps ? 
  genia should get a medal for dealing with that guy at training . 
  * for three easy payments of $ 299,999 * ^ ^ * .99 !, 
  * but wait , there 's more !, 
  * buy your kiwicoach ^ ^ tm today , and get a free marquee player from the southern hemisphere !, 
  collect them all !, 
  so if he 's there for money , he obviously wants that more than the jersey . 
  fuck him , why would you want him then ? 
  ah a new flair . 
  you do n't really fit the irish though . 
  trying new things like set moves between 9/10 , 11/14/15 , 12/13 . 
  they 're testing out their plays against the minnows without caring if it leads anywhere . 
  if you 're playing 80min of rugby against a team you can beat in the first 10 , you might as well relax and play it casually , which they 've done . 
  nah , i meant football . 
  i figured that might be cheaper for a game . 
  looking at the chelsea fc website it seems to be quite expensive anyway . 
  i posted this in another comment :, 
   i have a few reasons . 
  i want wales and australia to advance . 
  i like wales , and out of australia/england , i 'd find it funnier if england was eliminated . 
  the english media , key example : itv . 
  the coverage has made this seem like it 's the rugby english cup rather than the marquee event that is showing the world developing rugby . 
  it 's annoying . 
  arrogance . 
  it 's there . 
  it 's annoying . 
  i think i can add to it the way english media and some english people talk about their team too . 
  they ca n't just say , `` we 've got a very good team , and so have they , but ours will push through !, 
  '' , instead , they have to be all `` we 've got a very good team , and those guys are shit and cheat . '', 
  talking down other teams does n't make you popular . 
  here 's a post from an english flair the day before the aus v. eng game :, 
   let 's be honest though australia has n't beaten us for god knows how long . 
  how are they favourites ? 
  just because we lost to wales which we should n't have does n't make us a bad team . 
  i mean south africa lost to japan but they beat a supposedly better team in samoa by 40 odd points . 
  one defeat does not suddenly make you a bad team especially a freak one like that . 
  england are at home and have a great pack which i 'm sorry no matter what anyone says australia do n't have . 
  apart from folau they do n't have any world class runners in that team but they have pocock and hooper who are world class . 
  i agree with barnes in that we have two world class kickers and they have an average one in foley and we can combat their breakdown excellency with a good kicking game . 
  all this post consists of is `` we 're good , you 're shit '' and it 's really , really , annoying . 
  lastly , there 's a really weird vibe around some of the english fans on this sub . 
  i do n't know what it is exactly , but the best way i can describe it is that some people do n't seem to be into the spirit of the game . 
  sledging ? 
  a-ok . booing a captain 's interview ( richie mccaw v. agries ) ? 
  booing your own captain 's interview ? 
  what 's really amazing is that you have that rule up north where you do n't make noise for the kicker , but they 'll turn around and do that . 
  so really , there 's a bit of glee , because someone had to go , and wales is the darling , and the english talked themselves up .
