  two of his three years as emperor were without a former living emperor ( 1156-1158 ) , and i would argue that those years were the last time an emperor was the actual ruler of japan . 
  tl ; dr emperors are cool , and baby emperors make for old emperors running things . 
  hirohito may have run things , but only militarily , and shoguns ruled the roost for seven centuries . 
  through the 1930s , new zealand 's population was ~ 1.5 million people . 
  the new zealand ( and presumably the australian as well ) economy was in large part based on dairy and meat exports to britain . 
  butter , cheese , milk , wool , and meat , were all exported to britain in enormous amounts , and as a consequence new zealand was extremely wealthy . 
  that 's exactly what it implied . 
  i 'm going to have to pass on this one , sorry !, 
  i could n't answer that accurately , and i 'm afraid that would be a more concrete answer rather than my interpretive one above . 
  judging by your flair , you 're probably better equipped to handle this than i am , so i 'll be careful here !, 
  i 'd say that during go-shirikawa 's period there was relative control by the emperor , whereas go-daigo 's was a time of upheaval as the old shogunate fell and people scrambled to get their families into power as the new one rose . 
  i personally do n't think go-daigo had all that much control , so i wonder if he would count as a ruler or if he would be almost as much of a figurehead as an emperor during complete shogun control . 
  i 've answered this question ( in a fashion ) before , when it was asked about why the oldest schools of higher education in america are the most prestigious . 
  [ here 's the thread for that one . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2s0dsz/why_do_some_of_the_oldest_collegesuniversities/cnlcwg1 ), 
  luckily , my example was harvard , so i 'll give a short summary here for anyone reading , and the in-depth one can be found through the link above . 
  the very short answer is that it is prestigious , and prestige attracts demand , and this means supply is limited . 
  firstly , harvard was the first university to be founded in the new world , and that alone carries a certain amount of prestige attached to it . 
  secondly , the only people who could afford to go to harvard at the time of its foundation were the elites of the colony . 
  the sons of wealthy families were educated at harvard , and their progression into family businesses , politics , and the social elite of the colonies further added to the prestige of harvard . 
  prestige is important because it adds to the desirability of the school for prospective students . 
  from there , it becomes a matter of supply and demand . 
  as the demand for places at the school grows , the supply can be sold at a higher cost . 
  now , i 'm not referring here to a monetary value , but rather an intelligence value . 
  with more and more people wanting to go to harvard because of the prestige factor , harvard is able to be very , very selective of who it accepts . 
  this means that as well as being selective on gender and ethnicity ( as harvard was ) , the school was also able to pick and choose the brightest students to attend . 
  when the numbers who want to go to the university are so high , it is easy for the admissions department to select the best students . 
  of course , this sometimes goes awry when you select someone based on family rather than intelligence . 
  thanks lad , was hoping to wait and force myself into a late pick . 
  i guess the problem is what do we consider a ruler . 
  if the emperor is being limited in his actions by a group of ministers , then is he the ruler in theory , but essentially a politican in practice ? 
  i 'd hesitate to say that a man whose every movement was checked over and ok 'd by the government was the ruler , because that seems to me more like a modern system where we do n't have rulers , but leaders of government . 
   i got back on track after senior year, 
  not american , so this might be why i 'm confused . 
  how do you get back on track * after * senior year ? 
  i thought that was it , you 're out ? 
  ... and we * still * have questions about it regularly !, 
  show respect for what ? 
  a country that cheers black people when they 're on a sports team , but jeers them when they ask for equality ? 
  he does n't owe america shit . 
   go talk to the more serious commenters at / r/audiophile and you 'll see that bose was never even that hugely revered by those truly in the know . 
  this is the most elitist , circlejerk line i 've seen in awhile ( even if you did n't mean it that way ) . 
  i 've never seen a friendship end over monopoly , and i try get that game going every time someone suggests board games . 
  i * have * seen several friendships nearly end in one round of catan , when four of us decided that the fifth should n't be allowed to win , and his longest road was promptly encircled by free trade of wood and bricks by everyone else . 
  why is this such an odd concept ha, 
  he 's talking about [ bates ' manpussy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rvqj8acr0u ) from season 3 , but the guy does n't run around yelling twin sister . 
  i did n't say he was wrong , just that it was a very elitist statement . 
  do n't be a fuckwit . 
  the abs did n't get away with that . 
  owen franks got away with that . 
  should have been a card ( prob red ) , do n't know about suspension , b/c i ca n't tell if that 's just contact or if he is having a gouge too . 
  aussie looks pretty pissed , and fair enough . 
  already forgetting 97-01 ? 
  we got reamed by you lads . 
  there 's a lot of comments in here bemoaning the paper for this . 
  `` aussies on aussies , no loyalty '' , `` killing the game '' , etc. 
  just a few reminders :, 
  we all have shit journos , and they 'll continue to do this . 
  so get over it . 
  chris rattue fucking * prepared * for an all blacks rwc loss by slagging off dan carter a month ahead of time so he could blame it on someone, 
  aussies have always poked fun at themselves like this when we 're involved . 
  nz wins 3 golds on the first day of an olympics ? 
  auszealand is in the medal table on the next day . 
  this is n't sad , it 's a bit of humour . 
  ** and it 's a comment on the all blacks ' skill , not the wallabies ' shortcomings . 
  ** [ unlike this newspaper headline ] ( http://gbcworldnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/seized3.jpg ) , which neglects to mention how well iceland played , instead focusing on england 's despair . 
  aussies are n't bashing aussies here , they 're cheering another team . 
  australia have been better than us before , they 'll come back . 
  it 's not the end of the world . 
  a week ago we won by 30 , this week it 's by 20 . 
  then how about you say that instead of saying the team got away with something , because that 's 14 clean players vs 1 muppet . 
  right through until 2-3 years ago there were always two dominant australian teams in super rugby , and the wallabies were a force to be reckoned with . 
  i honestly do n't think you 're stuck in 96 , i think it 's a problem of transition between generations of players . 
  if the rebels and/or force can be jettisoned , you might be ok going forward . 
   b ) the ah book list is a good place to start . 
  i 've found this depends entirely on the section you 're looking at - some are horrendously outdated , while others are just the worst texts possible . 
  then you get great sections with excellent recommendations . 
  i do n't understand why i 'm getting taught the rules here . 
  we all know that suspensions are dealt with based on severity . 
  low/mid/high level offending gets you different a period of suspension . 
  making contact with the face is absolutely not the same as eye gouging when the citing committee looks at how long to suspend someone for . 
  nah , just sick of the endless circlejerk on this sub from northern fans about how the all blacks play dirty . 
  [ we 've got 'em . 
  ] ( https://autotransform.co.nz/assets/uploads/2015/10/3.08.2011-020-1280x853.jpg ), 
  nah , any contact with the face in that situation is an automatic card . 
  i think the only time you can get away with a hand on the face is if it 's accidental in a tackle , and even then it 'll be a penalty . 
  in a maul there is no reason for a player 's hands to be around a standing player 's face . 
  if they 're bent over and driving , yeah , accidents happen . 
  but there 's no way you can justify reaching 2m in the air to put your mitts on a lock 's face . 
  we 're talking about the face , not the head . 
  there 's no reason for it . 
  anyway , i do n't care to argue this out . 
  i 've done it before and i 'm sick of trying to convince people that players should be careful . 
  it 's inadvisable to use people 's eye sockets as hand holds . 
  amazing how coleman gets away with this right in front of the referee . 
  that one was less a gouge and more of an accidental contact . 
  i 'd yellow coleman and red franks . 
  guess you missed the other thread where i got downvoted to oblivion  i was making a joke, 
   i think you guys just ca n't stand to be the bad guys . 
  you are in this situation .
