  i do n't know who he is , but i 'll look him up . 
  i do n't think sbw is worthy of being in our squad , but i still think he outclasses many of the options other countries have . 
  he 's quick , he 's strong , he breaks the line , and he keeps play going with the offloads - he 's a perfect 12 in his abilities . 
  just that those abilities are n't all 10/10 . 
  ah , i 've only seem him on the wing once , but he was in the list of centres . 
  i guess he was picked as a utility ? 
  ( nice to see i 've been downvoted already . 
  guess opinion is n't welcome here ) . 
  nope , but of the centres in rwc squads , he 's one of the few/only ones i 've seen play . 
  i do n't mind being wrong in listing him , but i would n't mind feedback . 
  i 'll strike him out for now , but i definitely stand by the rest of my list . 
  as a kiwi , i 've yet to be scared when i see de allende get the ball , whereas de villiers and kriel make me shit myself . 
  jamie roberts is the only one i 've seen , and i admit , i should have put him up there . 
  i hope fiji gives england a good game , just because an opening day blowout is no good . 
  also , remember tonga vs. nz at 2011 ? 
  opening game and the abs looked like they were struggling . 
  26.5 seems a bit too high for england to manage . 
  if japan gets within 60 of rsa , i 'll be surprised . 
  tonga should blow out georgia . 
  i do n't know why everyone 's undercutting them . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/rugby-world-cup-2015/news/article.cfm?c_id=522&amp;objectid=11513828 ) talked them up for their games against france/rsa in 2011 , but thought they had a good chance of a slip up against georgia . 
  i do n't know why , but nz/aus papers/bookies do n't give due credit to the pi nations . 
  argentina/nz result will depend on argentina and who they rest . 
  if they go for a full strength team , they could keep it close , or even have an upset if nz are lacklustre . 
  if they rest players , nz by 25 . 
  i do n't know much about uruguay these days , but they got reamed last time they made the cut . 
  in the previous three games against tonga ( i was at at least one of them ) , we put 70 + points on every time . 
  that game we got 41 . 
  we only scored 13 in the second half , and the abs were making unforced and forced errors everywhere . 
  tonga did n't put on points , but they defended brilliantly and had us under pressure . 
  [ here 's part of the abs site writeup ] ( http://stats.allblacks.com/asp/teamsheet.asp?mt_id=2201 ) :, 
   there was no moment of magic at auckland 's eden park to set the cup alight , a la john kirwan in 1987 . 
  lacking also was the consistent assurance and control expected of an all blacks side no matter the quality of the opposition . 
   tonga demonstrated their days as easy beats - they had conceded an average of 74 points a game in their last three encounters against new zealand - are well gone . 
   as the all blacks stuttered through the second half , having gone to the break 29-3 up , they struggled with their own efficiency and with the tongan determination . 
  at one stage they were in danger of being outscored in the half . 
  it 's taken more seriously because there 's a history of english players and media arguing that the haka should n't be allowed . 
  on it 's own , i would say this was insensitive and ignorant of culture , but meant in good fun . 
  with the anti-haka history of english rugby , i see it more as an attempt at mocking something they 've never been able to get rid of . 
  our season usually begins around february/march and goes through until september/october . 
  competitions you can follow in the southern hemisphere :, 
  * the rugby championship ( professional , international ), 
  this is the big one . 
  it features the national teams of argentina , australia , new zealand , and south africa . 
  it 's widely regarded ( by southern hemisphere-rs ) as the best competition in the world , with the best players . 
  in a typical season it starts mid-august and runs through until the start of october . 
  each team plays every other team twice , so you 'll get a good variety of time zone action . 
  * the bledisloe, 
  regarded in australia and new zealand as the biggest trophy on offer after the world cup . 
  the two nations play an extra game after their two rugby championship games as a decider in this series . 
  it 's been contested for over eighty years , so it 's got a bit of history . 
  * super xv ( the super 18/xviii as of 2016 ), 
  this is the competition most analogous to the nfl . 
  in 2015 it featured 15 franchises . 
  there were five from : australia ( brumbies , force , rebels , reds , waratahs ) ; new zealand ( blues , chiefs , crusaders , hurricanes , highlanders ) ; south africa ( bulls , cheetahs , lions , sharks , stormers ) . 
  in 2016 there is a planned expansion to 18 teams , although this is n't set in concrete yet . 
  of the new teams , argentina and japan will receive one team each , and a sixth team will be added to south africa . 
  there are problems with the japanese team being formed ( due to them having their own competition ) , and the south african one , so it 's likely that the format will be sixteen teams ( with argentina joining ) . 
  again , like the rugby championship , this competition provides a wide range of timezones , which makes it easier to follow segments around the world . 
  it also features many of the best players in the southern hemisphere , and is filled with local rivalries . 
  over the past decade , 6 different teams ( 3 nz , 2 aus , 1 rsa ) have won the competition , and the crusaders , who had a bit of a stranglehold on it in the first 10 years ( 1996-2005 ) , have somewhat lost that , so it is still a competitive tournament . 
  interesting fact : fumiaki tanaka ( japan ) and frederik michalak ( france ) have both played in the super rugby competition . 
  tanaka won the 2015 comp with the highlanders . 
  * the npc/itm cup and the currie cup, 
  these are the two provincial competitions in new zealand and south africa respectively . 
  they 're fun games if you live locally , but i ca n't imagine anyone wanting to follow them from outside the country unless you have a personal connection . 
  they 're good for watching slightly slower paced rugby if you want to learn . 
  the itm cup games are usually on firstrow and at the moment there are games on almost every day of the week . 
  * who you should support ( because you always need someone to follow to make it interesting !, 
  if you 're american , then argentina makes logical sense as they 're a similar timezone . 
  if you want the best team in the world , new zealand is for you . 
  i do n't know how to describe australia and south africa , but as an outsider , i imagine they 're both great to cheer for . 
  for super rugby , you might as well just roll a dice . 
  the waratahs and brumbies are both strong teams that never seem to fade out from the top 6 . 
  the crusaders and chiefs are good too . 
  the highlanders ( my team ) , won it this year , but it 's been 16 years of agony waiting for them to make it back to a final , so i do n't recommend it . 
  your other questions have hopefully been answered by other people , but i thought a proper rundown of southern rugby was in order . 
  i ca n't find any record of it , so i 'll remove coaches from the list . 
  here however are multiple journalists who ridicule it and suggest it be banned . 
  [ frank keating ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/sport/blog/2008/nov/18/newzealand-rugbyunion ), 
  [ john beattie ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/johnbeattie/2010/06/haka.html ), 
  [ oliver brown ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/rugby/all-blacks/10710139/english-scribe-likens-abs-haka-to-circus-act ), 
  [ stephen jones ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/rugby/opinion/5717588/wake-me-up-when-that-boring-haka-is-over ), 
  savea , mvovo , habana , pietersen ( is he slowing down yet ? 
  ) , aac ( 100 tests and still does exciting shit ) , nadolo , irish guy who 's name i forget - bowe ? , naholo , milnder-skudder . 
  what 's really exciting about the wingers is we have old favourites turning up ( aac , mitchell , bowe , pietersen , habana ) , but we also have brand new wingers who have never played at a rwc . 
  the all blacks have no wingers from the last rwc , and apart from savea , they have bugger all games . 
  they 're young and confident , and they will try anything , * and it 'll work * and they 'll surprise us all . 
  love world cup year just for this . 
  how 's drew mitchell actually been playing ? 
  last time he was in the wallabies he was a 13 and i have n't seen him in years . 
  $ 1.87 at the tab for fiji +26.5 , so $ 17.40 profit . 
  we spent $ 200 mil on the hobbit . 
  my point is that $ 25 million on a flag referendum is a drop in a bucket . 
  sure , it 's not to you and i. 
  but when it 's a government with billions of dollars , $ 25 mil is nothing . 
  sure , we could have spent it on hungry kids , but you know what ? 
  that money 's there anyway . 
  they just do n't want to do it . 
  yeah , it 's just a marketing campaign .
