  that 's why the question about media due diligence was phrased so confusingly . 
  it 's also just an easy way for them to fluff up their mailing list . 
  yes . 
  and by not having the government of the day supplying voter id cards , non-white voters are the ones most likely to miss out . 
  yeah i loved it . 
  at the time i thought the concept could have been fleshed out more like op says , but i realised that i was basically a tv person , so i like my concepts done in several episodes rather than one two hour film . 
  in that regard , i think it becomes harder to expand on something as intricate as that in one movie . 
  ah , yeah that 's interesting . 
  my one is 80-100 % is a , broken down into 90-100 % a + , 85-89 % a , 80-84 % a - . 
  so it 's a much wider scope and ours only goes down to a c - . 
  if you get a d , you 've failed . 
  we do n't have fs . 
  julian bond called this ` the master narrative ' . 
  it 's a really concise , whitewashed story of black and white americans playing nicely together to fix up the country . 
  no it did n't . 
  african americans held sit ins and were dragged into the street and arrested . 
  they were spat on , cursed at , assaulted . 
  the birmingham police force unleashed dogs on them , and sprayed children with fire hoses at high enough pressure to take their skin off after a couple of minutes . 
  there was nothing peaceful about it . 
  mccain has how long until his re-election ? 
  7 months ? 
  he has to last until then . 
  oh really  i thought he was the class that gets done this year . 
  my bad, 
  even if they do n't sound cool , just give it a go for the visuals . 
  i first found out about bioshock on suprbay , the old forum for the pirate bay . 
  there was this guy who posted all the latest game releases there , complete with links and screenshots . 
  my jaw literally dropped when i saw the screenshots for bioshock . 
  i 'd had video games for 10 years by then , but a lot of the time i was like `` wow , they do this well '' with the caveat of `` but i can see that it 's completely fake because of this and this . '', 
  bioshock had none of that . 
  it was vivid colour , and lots of it , and crazy design of all these technological things we do n't have , and someone had imagined and designed and rendered it so perfectly . 
  so naturally i pirated it and played it , and again my jaw dropped , because it was simply beautiful . 
  the screenshots were real , the game looked like that , and i was ecstatic because i did n't know it could look this good . 
  ten years later , and that 's still one of the only games that has stunned me like that . 
  trust him , play it . 
  i just replied to you about bioshock being beautiful , but bastion blows it away . 
  did n't he unendorse trump and then never say anything pro-trump again ? 
  you joke but this sounds very relaxing and calming for a stressful situation like the ones trump deals with . 
  imagine if they thought you were cops and were coming out to see if the tire was actually flat . 
  man , you 've never watched sport with a broken commentary feed have you ? 
  it is awful . 
  it 's like being in a gymnasium watching some kids throw around a ball , except they 're better than kids , but it 's weird because it 's on a tv . 
  yo if this is your education system for the last decade , what 's betsy devos gon na do to it ? 
   the education system is designed to lie to us . 
  i think the original of this is a bit more intricate ( and imo , much better ) . 
  you choose a large building in the cbd of your city , and find the exact height of it beforehand in city records , or your choice of measurement repository . 
  around lunch time , go to the top of the building and use the roof access . 
  tie a strong rope that is exactly 5 feet shorter than the height of the building to a secure fixture ( this is important , you do n't want to hurt yourself !!, 
  ) , then tie it securely around your ankles , you might want some padding to prevent chafing . 
  then string some cheese wire/razor wire/very sharp wire across the edge of the building at neck height . 
  make sure it 's pulled very tight . 
  with superglue on your hands , step up to the edge , and carefully put your arms around the wire , and back , so that the wire is in the crook of your elbow , and your hands are glued to your head . 
  say a little prayer , and your dreams will take you there . 
  push forward and the wire will decapitate you as you plummet off the edge . 
  the bungee cord will catch you just above the pavement , where you will hang upside down swinging with your head in your hands . 
  look at other people , look around you , look at the world . 
  i 'm not trying to be cheesy , but it 's amazing what you can see when you just take the time to glance at your usually very mundane appearing surroundings . 
  came here to say black sails . 
  loved it the whole way through . 
  i did n't expect a tv show with this much action in it to be done so well when it 's so little known, 
   what the fuck is wrong with these people ? 
  oh my god 2totwo just step out of your elite liberal coastal bubble this sort of dismissiveness is what lost you the election you dont understand muricans and donald does okkk ????? 
  problem : voldemort was super powerful and skilled . 
  he was blind to love , but he was still supreme . 
  trump is n't any of those things . 
  if the speechwriter puts false information in , i think that falls on the writer rather than trump . 
  you ca n't expect any president to be fact checking every speech he 's given himself . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  more informed on every little statistic ? 
  you realise how much research the speechwriters do right ? 
  you realise that the entire reason trump 's presidency is failing is because his white house is `` in disarray '' to quote whichever republican turned on him last week . 
  the president has to deal with such a huge range of details that the speechwriters write it , the president reads it , he queries stuff he 's not sure on , but generally i 'd say they are n't going to quibble on minutiae that the speechwriter should be looking up themselves before inserting into a speech . 
  that explains how he made the ridiculous claim that he had the biggest landslide of any republican since reagan - he gets shown the stats , thinks to himself that bush ii was quite unpopular and remembers the florida debacle , and goes with it . 
  this presidency is n't just a mess because the guy 's a rude , arrogant , self aggrandizing , moron . 
  it 's a mess because none of them know how to do the job . 
  i do n't know any of these players but i can * feel * the banter, 
  no , just up the stairs apparently . 
  my great-grandmother was born in 1894 , and in 1912 her and her family ( parents , sibs ) all emigrated to new zealand from liverpool . 
  there 's an old family tale that along the way , their ship stopped over in some tropical part of the world , and my great-great aunty , who was only 10 at the time , screamed because she saw an african man , who `` was as black as coal '' to quote my grandfather 's recounting of the story . 
  the world was much bigger back then , without the internet , or planes , or television . 
  no fast travel or communication of images means things are really strange . 
  binge drinking is often seen as a sign of an alcohol problem though , whereas what you ( and several other people in this thread ) have described sounds like european countries with a good attitude towards alcohol . 
  drinking hard stuff , or anything , with breakfast/brunch is perfectly fine if it 's moderated , whereas a lot of english speaking countries would see that as a problem ( `` oh my god terrence you ca n't drink , it 's not even 12 ! '' ), 
  new generation i guess . 
  i 've never seen predator , and i can only tell you the most basic details about it from what i 've gleaned listening to others . 
  america was n't funding abortions . 
  they were funding medial clinics , charities , and organisations that also performed abortions . 
  it 's like planned parenthood , but the global version . 
  and the rule went further , than reagan 's rule did , because trump is a fucking selfish idiot who does n't realise or does n't care that by removing this money he will be killing people who need medical assistance . 
  reality : the money is still being spent , elsewhere . 
  abortions become more dangerous . 
  people die from lack of medical care for both abortions and non-pregnancy related issues . 
  fantasy land : trump 's evangelical base screams * `` we stopped the heathens aborting babies !, 
  fuck anyone who supports this . 
  trump is forcing social programs to stop offering abortion services . 
  if they do , he gives them funding . 
  if they do n't , he takes funding away ** but he does n't bring it home , he just moves it somewhere else . 
  america still loses the $ 6 billion or trillion or whatever it is they spend . 
  it just goes to someone who is now no longer able to offer abortions . 
  these are the same people that said richard spencer should n't have been punched in the street .
