  might have been like an alaska/hawaii job on a map of the continental states , where they just put it in a little inset . 
  either that or the guy used to lay in bed staring at a map reflected in a mirror . 
  ah right , thanks . 
  i think there 's still an irony there that the players are n't free to do what they wish at the anthem because there 's a threat hanging over their heads . 
  like , it 's such a silly thing to be able to fire someone over . 
  probably the same gripes that most android-only users ( and before that , windows/linux only users ) do : they 're too simple , they 're too expensive , they ca n't do as much as this one can , etc. 
  when you watch the video , turn hd off . 
  those are only the cons though , and basing a decision off those is a half informed decision . 
  i 've owned three laptops in the past 8 years . 
  two hps and a macbook pro . 
  the hps are both still running fine with family members , and i have the mbp myself . 
  the macbook is by far the best of the three , and i 'll probably never consider another non apple laptop again now . 
  by the same measure , i 'll probably never buy an apple desktop as a main rig , because i want the customisation options of a self built rig . 
  i have n't used any tablet enough to know , but i remember the assertion being passed around that because apple products are very user friendly ( drag an app into a folder to install it for example ) , they 're for people who are n't as tech savvy . 
  after that massacre among the auckland pickers i 'm not sure we needed the margins to be added after all . 
  omg, 
  trump answered the last question really well , because he gave a clear answer ( ironically , his only one of the night ) : she does n't give up , she 's driven , she 's got focus . 
  excellent answer , and for hillary , it lets the voters on both sides see that she 's got something to offer the voters that even trump admires - she 'll fight for them . 
  hillary 's answer was good , but her articulation was terrible . 
  her answer was effectively that trump inspires loyalty , which is a brilliant point to bring up because it does n't credit him for anything that 's going to benefit the voters . 
  but she dropped the ball , because she said she admires his kids , and * then * she tried to clarify . 
  you ca n't do that on a televised debate with a few hundred million viewers . 
  you need to state the point first , because if you choke on the first part , they wo n't listen to the second - they 'll turn to each other and discuss that first moment . 
  i live in a country with free healthcare and dental work is n't covered once you 're an adult . 
  i assume it 's because something 's always going to go wrong with the teeth . 
  why would you use spray paint to paint an entire wall ? 
  i know , but look , it 's donny boy !, 
  the man who held up bill clinton as an example of a brilliant democratic president when obama was campaigning , but now attacks him when his wife runs . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say that trump would argue that when he said she was driven and persevering , he meant through her illness , among other things . 
  wow , that was really bad . 
  leave it to the guardian boys . 
  i 've only ever seen one of these on the roads , and it 's owned by this lady who used to pick up her grandson from school . 
  the sad bit is that he was already teased mercilessly , and then his gran bought this car , and i swear he must have been wondering what he had done to deserve more . 
  [ it 's not applicable to all nations though !, 
  ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/lifestyle/news/article.cfm?c_id=6&amp;objectid=10735965 ), 
  my english teacher when i was 12 had a rule that you could n't use the word `` nice '' in your writing to describe something . 
  she began the year with a list of words that could replace nice , such as `` lovely '' , `` great '' , and `` good '' . 
  to her credit , i think twice before using `` nice '' today . 
  i 'm confused because all the links i clicked on in your post were people saying `` go vote , whatever side you fall on '' which is a good message to put out ... ? 
  \u266b these loaves ai n't vegan \u266b, 
  some truth , some problems . 
  the us awarded test caps to eagles players who played against nz m\u0101ori up until 2008 , but they changed their policy . 
  nz m\u0101ori is a national team , they 're just not the representative national team . 
  honestly , it 's their loss . 
  you 're hardly going to improve your game if you only ever play the same level of team , and a test match against nz m\u0101ori would be a great opportunity . 
  does this give you the same sort of glass as sea glass ? 
  might have passed the high school entrance exam on the 10th go and wants to play a sport with enlightened people !, 
  i think you 're confusing his personal feelings with personal experience . 
  we do n't know the full effects of marijuana on the brain , hell , we do n't even know everything about the brain . 
  it makes sense to decriminalise it because incarcerating pot smokers is about the stupidest thing the justice system could do , but full legalisation is risky if you do n't know the effects . 
  you do n't want to legalise pot then find out in a century that it causes some degenerative disease in old age . 
  the drug does n't need to be legalised to be researched . 
  tobacco has effects we did n't know it had a century ago . 
  what if pot goes the same way ? 
  every day we talk about our generation being smarter - this is one of the things you be smart on . 
  you do n't just legalise something because your personal feeling is that you enjoy it . 
  due diligence can make pot safe and legal . 
  look at the guy at 3:32 who 's practically raising his arms and crying hah, 
  that 's a bit pedantic . 
  i hear people say tele boots for bots , and it is essentially teleporting . 
  it 's just playing up to old racist tropes of black women being manlier and more animalistic than white women ( also occurs in commentary around the williams sisters ) . 
  it 's part of a long history of caricatures and denigrating black women . 
   it makes sense to decriminalise it, 
  not a big deal when nz maori have n't lost since 2003 . 
  two bite the dust for tasman , one for otago . 
  fuck margins lol . 
  can you go under the house ? 
  i know some homes do n't have that space , but it does make life nice and easy if you thread it all underneath . 
  fuck margins, 
  fuck my heart is going a million a minute over a stupid picking contest, 
  it 's not a cover . 
  but if it was , it would be in good company with these classics, 
  johnny cash , hurt . 
  whitney houston , i will always love you . 
  aretha franklin , respect . 
  mark ronson & amy winehouse , valerie . 
  jimi hendrix , all along the watchtower . 
  jeff buckley , hallelujah . 
  mate , the auckland storm are the women 's team ha . 
  auckland does n't have a nickname . 
  the first tie breaker in npc is who won the round robin match between two tied teams . 
  bop beat manawatu 38-33 so go through ahead . 
  oh my bad , did n't read that properly !, 
  no , no , no !, 
  a bullet is inserted not consumed , so it 's venomous , not poisonous !, 
   i went for years thinking abe lincoln had survived the assassination attempt in the theatre because ms hoover told ralph that he did . 
  if there was n't a stranger in my room fixing a light , i 'd be crying with laughter at this . 
  do we only go through if both our teams win ? 
  or do we go through if we have a life left ? 
  30 years for australia , 22 for france . 
  ... and presumably we can pick any team - there 's no bans on teams we 've already picked twice now ? 
  what was * really * funny was that the entire country suddenly started trashtalking them on radio , tv , social media , and in the papers . 
  the show aired on sunday , they got fired and went into hiding on monday , everyone waited for a statement on tuesday , and on thursday we found out they 'd fled the country on wednesday . 
  natalia rebranded herself as teddy sinclair and fuck knows what willy moon is doing . 
  it was amazing . 
  ok so i 'm going to share my research process on this at the end because i found it quite funny . 
  the answer to this is yes , conditional upon the musical tastes of the troops obviously . 
  i wrote [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2r6cuv/were_songs_that_we_currently_associate_with_the/cncwsl0 ) which / u/forexes kindly dug up ( and called excellent !, 
  i 'm blushing ! ), 
  awhile ago and i think that answers the popularity aspect of this music .
