  * the western church in the middle ages . 
  ** conquest of the new world ( i only hinted at it , but it is beyond fascinating ) : **, 
  luis rivera . 
  * a violent evangelism : the political and religious conquest of the new world . 
  stephen greenblatt . 
  * marvellous possessions : the wonder of the new world *, 
  edited for formatting . 
   what stereotypes are there about your history ? 
  that new zealand history is boring . 
  before i get jumped on for this , i know that history is generally seen as boring by a lot of people , no matter what the topic . 
  but in new zealand we have a high school system that taught me nothing prior to 1935 , which was when modern government parties came into power , and we became world leaders in social welfare . 
  but because that 's all that is taught in high school , it 's what most students think of history afterwards . 
  i 've just completed my undergrad degree in history , and i made a ton of friends who loved history . 
  they would get more excited about upcoming history papers than any other subject , and they were upset when they had fulfilled the requirements for it . 
  but whenever nz history was brought up , they brushed it off as boring , because of that high school experience . 
  i ignored that and took three papers in it at uni , and got so much new knowledge out of it that it completely destroys the stereotype of boring nz history . 
  but no one ever finds that out unless they decide to go against that awful memory of high school . 
  i wish everyone thought that though . 
  in one of my last classes for a m\u0101ori history paper we sat and discussed high school history and how it translated to university . 
  the consensus was that if it had been taught differently , the class would have had twice the enrolment . 
  m\u0101ori history is practically ignored in high school , and it does n't help the idea of nz being great with race relations when no one even knows half the story . 
  it 's just a name . 
  they are still followers of christ and the same god , and see themselves as the true heirs to the original church of jesus and the apostles . 
  when the churches split , both claimed legitimacy . 
  the roman catholics claimed to be the one true line , through rome , while the others claimed to be the true line , but in exile because rome had fallen . 
  henry viii in england was excommunicated from the catholic church but still had the title defender of the faith and prayed to the same god in his chapel . 
  the same claims to legitimacy are seen in islam between shia and sunni muslims . 
  no matter how the orthodox christians saw themselves as different from the roman catholics , they still wanted to claim to have the legitimate favour of god . 
  and remember , the roman empire was the reason christianity went mainstream . 
  before constantine became a christian , it was a dangerous religion to be a member of . 
  after him , it quickly became the standard throughout europe . 
  to be the successor of the roman empire , a nation would be seen as ( a ) the empire of god , and ( b ) as the successors to one of the greatest empires in human history . 
  hope that helps . 
  i do n't know that anyone can give you a full answer to this , as it 's quite a subjective answer , unless you just want instances of things he did that might be inconsistent with popular knowledge , like affairs and domestic abuse . 
  if you 're looking for an answer to `` what was he really like ? 
  '' , then i would suggest that you look to autobiographies of those who worked closely with him , or near him . 
  when i was reading a biography of septima clarke , a teacher in the south who helped set up schools to educate african americans and get them enrolled to vote , i found that she had views of dr. king that were n't consistent with the dominant history of the civil rights movement , or what julian bond called ` the master narrative ' . 
  here 's what i wrote in my essay , and i 've dropped the sources below :, 
   the highlander schools shared the same philosophy as clubwomen in the south : that leadership was not being `` the head of an organisation '' but rather , was centred on `` assuming the responsibility to get others involved . '' ^ 1, 
   in ` ready from within ' , clark mentions that she did n't think king had a high opinion of women , and that when she suggested the concept of creating other leaders within the community , such as the highland school advocated , it was seen as `` looking down on dr. king '' because she had suggested that someone else lead . ^ 2, 
   `` ... you do n't have a right to speak . 
  you can work behind the scenes all you want . 
  that 's all right . 
  but do n't come forth and try to lead . '' ^ 3, 
  the third quote is septima clark 's paraphrasing of someone in the movement , not dr. king himself . 
  the exchanges show that within the upper circles of the movement , there was definitely a sense of elitism in some quarters . 
  dr king is n't implicated in these , but it does suggest he was somewhat removed from the grassroots campaigners . 
  it 's important to note that these were people who had been campaigning for the last fifty years , yet the people surrounding dr. king were contriving to have him as the only recognisable leader of the movement . 
  if you want more information , as i said before , i highly recommend autobiographies or biographies cowritten with the subject . 
  they will be inherently biased : people have strong opinions of others , and even years after the fact will be staunch supporters or opponents . 
  they will also attempt to manipulate people to share their own views of the man . 
  ^ 1 * debating the civil rights movement , 1945-1968 * , edited by steven f. lawson and charles payne , p. 109 . 
  ^ 2 * ready from within : septima clark and the civil rights movement * , by cynthia stokes brown , p. 78 . 
  ^ 3 see note 2 . 
  no , of course , i understand no vilification intended . 
  if you look at the greatest figures of history you can usually find something wrong . 
  it does n't nullify their achievements . 
  as for subjectivity , the civil rights movement in particular is an intensely interesting period precisely because of that . 
  the black panther party was arguably one of the strongest proponents of african american rights in the latter half of the 20th century , but was largely dismissed by the public and media for various reasons , including their violent image . 
  gallipoli and the anzacs get a good going over , but from memory it was covered in earlier years . 
  i remember our class building a model ` trench hut ' when i was 9 , based on the wwi trenches and the little living quarters dug into the sides of them . 
  that was a part of a term long module on the anzacs . 
  for high school history though , my classes covered topics set either outside of new zealand , such as the rule of elizabeth i or vietnam , or topics set in nz but after 1935 . 
  i remember seeing a list of topics that teachers could choose to use once , but [ this webpage ] ( http://seniorsecondary.tki.org.nz/social-sciences/history/learning-programme-design/theme-based-approaches ) is all i can find now . 
  it seems to cover a much wider range of material , which has definitely changed since i left high school 8 years ago . 
  but even with that available , i 'm not sure i can see many teachers going and picking more difficult topics dealing with new zealand when they could focus overseas . 
  yeah you 've got the idea . 
  i think the aversion to looking at history is especially painful here due to the treatment of m\u0101ori compared to other ethnic groups . 
  because they 've received arguably better treatment relative to that of other ethnic groups e.g. 
  african americans , aboriginals , native americans , new zealanders have this myth of `` the best race relations in the world '' . 
  it makes it hard to point out there was and still is a problem . 
  this cop sucks . 
  unless he thought you were meeting someone there because your hazards were off , it sounds almost like he 'd just gone straight to harassing someone . 
  sidenote , that aa response time happened to me , except i was in central auckland . 
  the two and a half hours it took them to get to me was long enough for me to have bussed home , grabbed my spare key , and then bussed back to town . 
  edit : clarified that the actions of the cop suck , not the story itself . 
  there 's a pipe near my house , bolted to the side of a power pole . 
  on it is painted the number ' 1212123 ' in grey paint , and then again over the top of that in white paint . 
  i have n't seen that number in years , and i first saw it more than a decade ago , but i ca n't forget it . 
  you become an accountant . 
  the wish has to be written in dodo blood . 
  mass murder was also expedient . 
  the alternative was leaving the conquered people to starve when he left with all their supplies . 
  the alternative to that was to just bypass their cities and leave their armies/barracks to harass the mongolian supply lines . 
  however , i think a better portrait of a mongolian conqueror would be found in kublai khan . 
  he had a scholar 's background and did n't seem as hellbent on razing asia to the ground as his grandfather . 
  is this just your essay question ? 
  i suggest you look at african americans and their position before/after wwii , and through the beginning years of vietnam . 
  the sixties had a lot to do with this too . 
  so i 've just gone and dug out my old notes on the edo period , and i 'll try explain this as simply as possible . 
  if you have any extra questions , feel free to ask . 
  firstly , some facts and basic info about japan and the bakufu system . 
  across all of japan through the tokugawa period , there were around 250 daimyo . 
  tokugawa ieyasu was a daimyo himself , with his own domain , so was technically equal in status prior to becoming shogun . 
  his successors held a domain too . 
  among those ~ 250 daimyo , there were three catergories :, 
  * shinpan * : 23 daimyo who were `` descended by birth or adoption from ieyasu '' , known as ` cadet families ' . 
  there were three daimyo amongst this group who could provide suitable heirs to the shogun if required . 
  * fudai * : ~ 150 diamyo who had fought with ieyasu at the battle of sekigahara and had proven their loyalty . 
  known as ` allied ' daimyo .
