  it 's now gisborne and rotorua !, 
  i 'll do a vocaroo when i get a quiet moment , i want to hear / u/theflippiest say it too now, 
  he was pointing out that cnn has been breaking a lot of investigations recently with a core group hired from buzzfeed . 
  but beyond that , you 're still wrong , because buzzfeed 's investigative team was definitely doing source based work - especially interviews with the people involved . 
  48.2 % is winnable . 
  he does n't need 50 % of today 's voters in june , he needs 50 % of june 's voters in june . 
  people decide not to vote . 
  people go on holiday because it 's summer . 
  people forget to vote . 
  people do n't vote because their candidate did n't make it through . 
  if you 're getting disheartened now , you 're being short sighted . 
  this is the first hurdle , and it was crested near perfectly . 
  now there 's a month and a half to do the hard yards that get ossoff over the line in the runoff . 
  i think there 's a ron in the room with him , but the idiot ca n't differentiate between people in his sentences so everyone ends up thinking he thinks paul ryan is ron . 
   so he took advantage of his opportunities like any smart person should . 
  how come caitlyn taking advantage of her opportunities is different to the kardashian kids taking advantage of theirs ? 
  is it ? 
  dick cheney seemed like an exceptionalist through and through . 
  yeah he was an asshole , but he was an american asshole , and he wanted america to be # 1 so he could be # 1 , and continue his life of assholery . 
  if these guys are guilty , they 've sold america down the river . 
  they 're corporate raiders , while cheney was just a warlord rising within the tribe . 
  cheney 's line might end somewhere on the other side of lucifer 's sphincter , but trump and his buddies ca n't even see the light at the end of the intestine . 
  i played this game through a few weeks back , and since i 'm 16 years older than when i first played it , i thought i would use my enormous adult brain to solve this one . 
  so what i did , is i caught a gastly at sprout tower early on , then i trained it up before i got to whitney . 
  normal types ca n't hit ghosts right ? 
  i was gon na roll through that bitch ass cow . 
  well i get to the gym , and i push their metaphorical shit in . 
  i rolled through every single trainer in that gym , one by one , gg ez kids . 
  gastly was a haunter by now , and boy was it simple . 
  hypnosis , curse , then goodnight sweetpea . 
  finally i get to wendy , and i start the same process . 
  clefairy goes down in a heartbeat and i 'm away laughing . 
  * haunter used hypnosis !, 
  it missed !, 
  well fuck , that sucks . 
  no matter , 10pp left , will get her next time . 
  i 'm laughing my head off now , how the fuck can you think that 'll work whitney ? 
  i 'm a ghost . 
  ... then it hit me . 
  and did damage . 
  and all of a sudden i was in trouble . 
  because rollout is n't even a normal type move . 
  whitney is a fucking cheater . 
  she 's using rock type moves . 
  you 're not immune to her as a ghost . 
  anyway i cursed her eventually and won , but god damn is there no way to take her down easily ? 
  you missed the bit about blocking all videos that start to auto play which is the worst thing in the world . 
  funny how she has your respect but you still refer to her as him . 
  he had money on his mind , but his way of making money was with america on top . 
  page/manafot/etc 's way of making money was by selling america . 
  god he was so fast off the plate after the hit too . 
  the ball had barely left the bat and he looked like he was already running . 
  you 're right , there was no thought . 
  you act as if the kardashians do n't work for what they have . 
   it can be a hassle applying for one, 
  lol what, 
  you can literally walk into a supermarket and buy a $ 10 burner with a sim . 
  or into a phone provider and get given a sim card for free that you pay $ 10 to activate . 
  who cares if takes a few hours , that 's time you can use to buy sweet furnishings for your dota smurfing cave, 
  full on meltdown after that cavs comeback drive, 
  i went to have a shower and the hurricanes let in 3 tries ?? 
  wtf, 
  imagine being told ten years ago that the hurricanes would be super rugby champs and beating the brumbies by 8 tries to 3 . 
  fuck , imagine being told that three years ago . 
  `` what about this game of rugby in canberra ? 
  they do n't ever get this exciting down here ! '', 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://res.cloudinary.com/cmgverticals/image/upload/f_auto,q_80/v1492666886/nba-bracket-2_vdoerx.jpg ), 
  winner of wizards/hawks will play winner of bulls/celtics . 
  miles forward , no way that should have been given . 
  i understand that , but the ball floated forward still . 
  and not `` drifted forward because of momentum '' floated either . 
  the hurricanes played the brumbies last night . 
  the force are playing the blues later tonight . 
  why are you complaining about something that literally does not matter ? 
  good luck !, 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  they never cared about eu immigrants . 
  they cared about the remnants of the empire turning up in london . 
  guess fizdale getting another thirty . 
  end to end 3 pointer incoming ? 
  can someone explain why the game restarts 2/3 of the way down the court after a time out ? 
  holy shit they are clutching hard right now, 
   since people who disagree with others these days = hitler or worse . 
  the only people i 've heard referred to as nazis are the people who are out there chanting for white pride and white power . 
  like , literally neo-nazis . 
  so what 's the issue ? 
  10 years without a vpn here . 
  not a single letter . 
  i remember a rumour about a friend of a friend receiving one years ago , but he was also a techie at an isp so common wisdom suggested it was a prank by a workmate . 
  a smile . 
  i remember getting a smile from a pretty girl as a teenager when i was trying out some newfound confidence . 
  it was years ago now , but i still remember the pure elation . 
  the smile spoke volumes , and i was never even sure of its exact meaning . 
  was i attractive ? 
  did i look like i needed encouragement ? 
  was i grinning unknowingly ? 
  had she just won a scholarship ? 
  a smile is like a poem in that regard . 
  you can read so much into it , and whatever you want to take from it is yours .
