  where does it stop ?? 
  i am impressed, 
  i mean , this chain of comments was less about the tournament and more about the people in this sub who use shit excuses to complain about game mechanics they ca n't get their heads around . 
  no powerwashers in the house / u/carbikebacon how many times do i have to tell you, 
   86 % of sweden speaks english . 
  maybe i phrased it wrongly . 
  i know pld is likely to speak english , but he 's going to a sea team and i do n't know if that team communicated in english beforehand . 
  ok stop it , you 're hurting my head now . 
  ck is actually an armoured horse , and his rider is just someone he brought along for fun, 
  standalone dayz . 
  the mod was one of the most popular games of its time on steam , had thousands of people buying arma ii , was top of the steam sales for a year or so , then they did the standalone and it just died . 
  i 've worked in workplaces as the only white guy in a company of m\u0101ori . 
  you know the difference between them making jokes about me being white , and jokes being made about a transgender person ? 
  the jokes towards me are made in humour and good faith . 
  the jokes toward the trans person all too often are n't . 
  that is clearly a ruse to throw you off, 
  did you hear about how border patrol said they would n't close their immigration checkpoints for the storm , which means that illegal immigrants who evacuate risk being profiled , stopped , and consequently deported ? 
  i downvote it because eesama would n't want it to get out to the world, 
  he explained the other day that he burned himself out streaming and he just felt like he could n't do it to his full capability anymore . 
  now he 's coming back to it , and he 's being more careful about it because he wants to maintain high quality content without draining himself . 
  chucking out his stream url probably does n't help lol, 
  i 've never in my life wanted to volunteer at a camp until now because this sounds fucking hilarious, 
  it 's insane , because you see her thigh and you instinctively know what that feels like - it 's going to be warm , and a bit squishy so you can grip it . 
  but then you remember it 's marble , and that if you knock your head against that , it will be jarring and shake your brain about . 
  it 's so disconcerting, 
  if third person is so lacking in skill , then why are so many people complaining about it being so difficult to play ? 
  and as if that was n't enough , the comment accompanying it says that `` fpp is the way this game will be played '', 
  they do n't want a survival game , they just want another deathmatch bloodbath with a different sort of gun system . 
  people seriously suggest that fpp will solve camping . 
  never mind that first person makes camping worse because people get scared , while third person ruins camping because the ability to peek corners means anyone who sits in one spot is extremely vulnerable . 
  because any other players in the game have to consider where the good vantage points are , and where the players are hiding to make use of them . 
  because you have to make a strategy about where you go based on the game mode . 
  third person ? 
  take the rock , the high ground , the trees . 
  but none of these protect you from the sides or behind . 
  in first person you can camp under a tree and you 're pretty much guaranteed safe . 
  i 've afkd on the phone in the top 10 of first person games for 2 + circles and no one so much as peeped at me when they ran by . 
  third person gives you a bonus weapon , first person gives you bonus armour . 
  this makes me wonder if people are running in a straight line and expecting to survive, 
   ill prolly get death threats for this view lol . 
  in game !, 
  i liked fpp when i watched it on the stream . 
  it was boring as fuck until there was a fight , when it became csgo-like . 
  which is my main issue : i do n't want another csgo . 
  or rainbow six . 
  or whatever other fps . 
  i want pubg . 
  tpp was boring in the stream , and i did n't get to see a firefight . 
  but speccing tpp streamers is fun . 
  speccing my teammates after they die is fun . 
  i like yelling at streamers to look to their left because they missed someone . 
  i like watching someone like joshog be in the perfect spot with tpp view in the final 1v1 circle , throw out three nades and drill a guy in the face to realise it 's a bush and he 's fucked . 
  i think it shows the flaws in humans that we ca n't make perfect use of the tools , and mistakes will shine through . 
  i want someone to explain to me how player 2 gets there in the final circle without player 1 ever seeing him, 
  so who killed player3 , p4 , etc ? 
  because at that point , player2 knows where player1 is anyway because he 's heard the shots of the previous kills . 
  if p1 does n't know where p2 is , he 's an idiot , because if p1 is getting the top 10 kills , then p2 is obviously not in the same area as the kills , or he would have been popped instantly . 
  like this seems very obvious , and i understand that p2 can pre aim , peek , and shoot , but i never ever see it happen that way . 
  not in my games , not in streams , nowhere . 
  i really hope so, 
  but you are exposed in third person . 
  there 's no perfect cover in this game . 
  in the little diagram you posted , p2 was exposed to everyone coming in from three other directions . 
  if they were on the edge of the circle every time , then p1 was n't playing the edges , they just ran across the widest part of the blue to get to the edge of the white . 
  there are very few safe spots in third person , and even if you 're in one , like the back windowless room of one of those yellow houses , you 're handicapped by the lack of escape routes . 
  the situation you 're talking about in your diagram just does n't occur because anyone with game sense knows where p2 is , and can bait or force them to move with grenades . 
  at that point in the game , i 'd be proning into the circle rather than running in to a large piece of cover , and i 'd be aiming for the sides of the circle , not the centre . 
  no i have n't seen a streamer do this , because streamers play to the terrain , and skirt around the edges to avoid getting caught in situations like this . 
  that 's completely wrong in almost every aspect though . 
  zigzagging your way from cover to cover is far better . 
  camping is terrible because it only protects you from two directions at most , unless your third/fourth directions are the blue or the inside of a building . 
  if that 's the case , you 're cornered , which is n't a solution . 
  you know why they tell missing hikers to stay in one spot ? 
  easier to find you . 
  do n't do that in pubg . 
  it 's really hard to imagine how surfers got a reputation for being so cool, 
   it 's just a ~ ~ lower ~ ~ different skill ~ ~ cap ~ ~ set and some ~ ~ cheesy ~ ~ innovative strats due to it . 
  fixed your comment buddy . 
  i feel like the rust devs killed their game with one update , so maybe not the best example ? 
  shit , forgot it was 7:30 and it still has n't started . 
  lucky break !, 
  it 's his all black number . 
  he was the 583rd player to join the team . 
  that was ti3 . 
  lol, 
  paid off . 
  cheika 's outrage at every single ref call is hilarious, 
  in all fairness to him , high school lunch time rugby seemed a lot more fun to play because we had no refs , called the other players retards , and sometimes had to swap the bigger kids to make it even . 
  let 's buy him a toilet at every ground from dunedin to whangarei, 
  personally excited for mcweather vs. maygregor, 
  why would you pull off sopoaga instead of pulling mckenzie and shifting barrett to the backline ? 
  but where did he take off from ? 
  i thought the rule of all airplanes was that they turn back with enough fuel to reach home , and presumably his dad only found out the gears would n't lower when they * wanted * to land , which would suggest they were somewhere where they * could * land ? 
  how the fuck did crotty get back on the field ? 
  that should be sopoaga back on at least . 
  sopoaga to 10 , barrett to 11 , rieko to 12 . 
   it 's all about pitting 100 people against each other until 99 of them die . 
  so ... the survivor wins ? 
  how does beale only have 15 career tries , he 's been a huge presence for aussie for years now, 
  we 'd still have the bledisloe anyway !,
