  the other factor that made this transition easy was that genghis had the loyalty of his brothers , and of his sons . 
  by the time of ogedai 's death , there were multiple sons and nephews who could claim direct lineage , and so the succession was more contentious . 
  this was the cause of the horde 's return from europe , where they had just destroyed the hungarian armies . 
  the key to the survival of these empires is maintaining a clear line of succession . 
  there was no rule among the mongols for who succeeded the old khan - it was done by nomination or by garnering support . 
  alexander died relatively young , and therefore was possibly unprepared for planning the handover of an empire . 
  on the other hand , the tokugawa dynasty in japan ( not an empire , but still displays the importance of succession ) , was planned out by the first shogun , ieyasu , so that his heir was nominated during his lifetime , succeeded and began ruling during his lifetime , and was approved by the emperor - in effect triple sealing his right to rule japan . 
  [ here is the sub 's booklist for mongolia . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/books/eastasia#wiki_mongolia ), 
  i also like john man 's book * genghis khan : life , death and resurrection * . 
  there are heaps of other threads lately discussing the mongols and the khans , so if you check those you might find a few more ideas . 
  i 'm not really following the subtitle you have , but the answer is yes - governments did use private naval forces . 
  they were called privateers , and were by and large , pirates , but with an official licence to raid and plunder the ships of other nations . 
  so , how did it all work ? 
  and why did it happen ? 
  the major factor was the colonization of the americas . 
  the spanish empire was most powerful during the period immediately following the acquisition of the central and south american colonies . 
  the wealth that the spanish were shipping out of south america was attractive to all of the european nations , naturally , and this led to many pirates , merchants , and other members of society sailing across the atlantic to chase fortunes that could be made through capture of spanish ships . 
  the spanish colonies were n't well defended , and were often abandon by their inhabitants when ships were seen . 
  the fleets transporting wealth back to spain were protected by armed ships sailing with them . 
  most of this was going on during periods of war . 
  however , when elizabeth i died , england and spain made peace . 
  piratical endeavours against the spanish were not allowed anymore , as they breached the peace . 
  one example of this is sir walter raleigh , executed for raiding a spanish outpost in modern venezuela . 
  he had been a favourite under elizabeth , not so under james , her successor . 
  to get around this ban on piracy against spanish ships , the men who ran these ships that preyed on spanish merchants applied for * letters of marque * . 
  these letters were used in peace and war , but for different purposes . 
  during periods of truce , they were `` an instrument of private redress , '' where governments provided citizens `` who had received injury at the hands of foreigners '' with legal right to get compensation from other subjects of that state . 
  in simpler turns , if you lost a ship to a spanish pirate , you could get a letter of marque giving you the permission of the english crown to raid spanish ships for compensation . 
  in other words , it was legally sanctioned piracy , and the holders of these letters were known as privateers . 
  however , the new world was not a place of peace , and the workings of letters of marque were different in wartime to peace . 
  despite no official war , the french , dutch , portugese and english frequently passed out letters of marque , making almost anyone who requested one a sanctioned pirate . 
  the common target of these privateers was the spanish , and as such , anyone caught privateering was treated the same as a pirate - death by hanging . 
  this punishment was common , because although they were legally sanctioned by their own governments , the spanish had accepted no such sanction , and viewed them all as pirates . 
  the authorising papers these ships carried were only useful in that they protected them from neutral parties , and allowed them to sell their ships in port . 
  anyone who captured a spanish ship and attempted to sell it through an english port without the proper papers could be arrested as a pirate - only the papers gave you legal permission to sell a captured ship . 
  sorry i took so long to reply , i saved the thread and forgot about it with work . 
  no , because genghis did n't establish these dynasties , he 's just hailed as an ancestral figure by them : kublai khan started the dynasty in china ; batu , son of jochi , genghis ' eldest son , started the western dynasty , where the golden horde was ; and genghis ' second son chagatai was the founder of the dynasty in persia . 
  gradually , as more generations passed and more sons were had , the territories grew smaller and infighting began between dynasties and others sprang up . 
  genghis was the grandfather of it all , but he never started his own lasting dynasty . 
  robert darnton is a french revolution historian , and he mentions the coffee houses quite a bit in his pieces on information and communication in the 18th century . 
  for more focused stuff , i 'd suggest looking into books dealing with the enlightenment , since that was the most visible effect of the cafes in historical sources . 
  the stigma attached to marijuana in the united states is tied to the history of the drug itself , as well as the historical context in which the drug first appeared . 
  marijuana first began to appear in the usa during the 1920-30s , just as the use of cocaine was decreasing . 
  marijuana was found primarily among the mexican farm workers who crossed the us-mexico border during the 1920s to work on agricultural projects that stretched from the southwest usa to michigan and montana in the north . 
  as many as half a million workers are estimated to have come into the us during this time . 
  at the end of the decade however , the depression and the skyrocketing unemployment that accompanied it meant that migrant workers were n't welcome as it was denying americans jobs . 
  the mexican workers were blamed for causing trouble with local citizens , and their custom of own-use growing of marijuana was a further reason for them to be feared . 
  it was a way in which mexicans could be blamed for more problems that americans faced . 
  it also led to drugs being associated with foreigners and minority groups who were potentially dangerous or subversive . 
  this tied into already established fears that linked the chinese community to opium and connected cocaine with the african american population . 
  all drugs were dangerous substances , with the federal bureau of narcotics describing marijuana as `` at least a danger equal to cocaine or morphine '' , a statement that has since been disproven multiple times . 
  at the time of the creation of washington d.c. , the government did not control the military , and the states provided militia to keep the peace . 
  an 18th century national guard in a way . 
  in pennsylvania , in 1783 , the congress of the confederation ( the federal governing body of the period ) , was surrounded by 400 soldiers of the continental army demanding pay that was owed to them . 
  it was in effect , a union strike , except that the strikers were soldiers and armed . 
  when congress asked the pennsylvania council ( state government ) , to mobilize the militia to protect them , the council refused . 
  this gave congress a problem : they had been unable to rely on the state to protect them , and could not trust that the states would provide protection in future . 
  with this realized , they planned a federal district , independent from the states and their governance , where congress would have complete legal control and charge of their security . 
  yes , but within the contexts of their own experience of economy and wealth . 
  there were not always centralized banks to control the wealth , and it oftentimes came in from exterior sources . 
  the best example i know is that of musa i , the * mansa * ( emperor ) of the malian empire in the 14th century ( i realize this is just outside your time frame , but only by twenty years ! ), 
  musa was a muslim ruler , and his kingdom was one of the richest in the world , if not the richest . 
  as required by islamic faith , he undertook the * hajj * , the pilgrimage to mecca in 1324 . 
  when he did so , he took with him some 60,000 people in his retinue , as well as vast amounts of gold . 
  the total amount was just under 10 metric tons . 
  today that would be worth 380 billion usd . 
  on his way to mecca , musa went via the caravan routes north of the sahara , making his way through cairo at the edge of africa . 
  in every city he came to , he made donations of alms to the poor in the region of 20,000 gold pieces . 
  with 60,000 people accompanying him , he also had to buy food and pay for whatever other small fees might have come up . 
  all of this was done in gold . 
  the effect of the hajj on the gold markets of the eastern mediterranean was catastrophic . 
  inflation rendered gold useless in egypt and mecca , because musa had given away so much of it . 
  to rectify the mistake , he borrowed back all the gold available in cairo at high interest , and for a time , this helped . 
  however , when he repaid the loan upon his return to mali ( in one lump sum ) , it again ruined the market , as well as the money lenders who had given the loans and now held worthless gold . 
  so from this , we can see that to some degree , yes , inflation was understood . 
  musa 's attempt to fix the situation by borrowing back all of the gold shows an understanding of the problem , but his experience of wealth was vastly different to that of the egyptian market . 
  it seems that there are two answers to the second crash . 
  either he misunderstood the time needed for the market to fix itself before he could repay his loan , or now that he was far from the situation , he just did n't care . 
  musa appears in several lists as the richest man in the history of the world . 
  i first read about him several years ago , but the scholarship is vague which is unfortunate . 
  when i first learned about him , there was a hypothesis that he had been the root cause of the italian renaissance , due to the huge disruption of the mediterranean gold market . 
  like i said though , scholarship is vague so that is just a hypothesis , and i have n't found evidence for it since . 
  wait , it 's still 2014 . 
  are we already over the novelty of putting lorde up for every award in existence ? 
  the fenian raids ( 1866-71 ) were a series of raids across the usa-canada border , undertaken by irish-americans who wished to put political pressure on the british crown , and ultimately , to get the british to withdraw from ireland and gain irish independence . 
  ireland had been ruled by britain for a few hundred years at this point , and the people suffered many atrocities at the hands of english rule . 
  there had been a major rebellion in 1798 that lasted several months , but failed . 
  the potato famine in the 1840s also devastated the irish population . 
  the fenian raids were organised by irish nationalists within the united states as an attempt to capture a portion of canadian territory . 
  once captured , the goal was either to hold the land hostage until britain quit ireland , or , if this was impractical , to hold the land long enough that the british army might mobilise some part to help canada , allowing for a rebellion in ireland to have greater effect . 
  through all this , irish immigrants had poured into the united states , establishing themselves across the nation , and especially in new york and boston . 
  as seen today with sports teams like the celtics , links with irishness form a strong part of the identity of the irish diaspora . 
  in the nineteenth century , this was displayed through irish nationalism , and the desire for an independent ireland . 
  in ireland , the irish republican brotherhood ( irb ) was formed as a secret organisation dedicated to the establishment of an independent republic . 
  the organisation crucial to this topic , the fenian brotherhood ( fb ) , was formed as the american wing , and it was they who organised the fenian raids . 
  the irb and the fb both formed in 1858 , and began gathering members . 
  they were able to do this through the irish-american community , which as i said , was a large one in the eastern seaboard cities . 
  there were newspapers and pamphlets aimed at the irish community , and these allowed like minded individuals to get in touch . 
  there was also communication between ireland and america , with the founder of the irb coming to america to meet with nationalists in the states .
