  these are n't kids with absent parents . 
  these are just kids . 
  kids fight . 
  and you 're saying that most parents are still children ? 
  that 's a fucking ridiculous claim . 
  firstly because these kids are all clothed , they 're ready for school , they 've got phones and tech . 
  they 're looked after . 
  that means those parents are working . 
  they 're doing what needs to be done . 
  do n't make baseless assumptions because that does n't look good at all . 
  hamish and andy but it was years ago and tastes change so i do n't want to recommend it here aha, 
  yes , the woman who watched her husband campaign and win twice in the 90s , campaigned in '08 and supported in ' 12 , and stumped for gore in ' 00 , had a badly run campaign . 
  it was n't because half the country is so god damned backwards that they could n't stand a woman in charge . 
  the same people who vote for women to lose control of their bodies . 
  definitely not a thing . 
  the only thing jfk had to overcome was catholicism and youth , neither of which are all that bad . 
  that you would compare that to obama ( or that you would even suggest there were other similar examples by your use of et cetera ) is laughable . 
  subways are franchises . 
  you usually need two or three people working a subway . 
  owner might have multiple franchises , and needs to be taking care of all of them . 
  so owner hires a new guy , sticks him in the franchise with two regulars , and tells his other stores he 's taking monday off from their stores to train the new guy . 
  this means the owner will be handling less work relating to the other franchises while he trains the new guy for a day so new guy gets to a standard where the regulars can help him without dropping their productivity from day 2 . 
  the owner has rearranged a schedule to accomodate a new hire , and now the new hire has called up ( 1 ) on a sunday , and ( 2 ) the day before . 
  like , give the guy props for calling to let him know , but the day before is weak . 
  no second chances unless you 're p\u0101keh\u0101 . 
  it appears they were n't . 
  that child would be ten today , yet the nzdf is still denying responsibility apparently . 
  yes , those fucking toddlers with their aks !, 
  i always hated watching john key stand up too fast , like he was a kid in class , yell something out , and then sit down smirking . 
  other members seemed to at least pretend they were n't doing it solely for laughs , but he treated it like that and it really got to me . 
  arm the kindergartners !, 
  to the treehouse !, 
  launch the cuddle bombs !, 
  good . 
  it 's shameful that they 'd even raise the idea of vetoing the baabaa 's anniversary game . 
  series predictions !, 
  lions to go down 0-3 to the all blacks . 
  they 'll lose at least 2 of the 5 super team clashes . 
  also , at least one gets drunk , starts a fight , then makes up a story about being mugged by five black guys in a dark alley . 
  schedule it the proper way then . 
  the rfu should n't ruin the anniversary of a prestigious club just because they want the limelight . 
  i heard someone on the radio say `` we should have a referendum tomorrow asking if the fans want to see the all blacks play england . '', 
  ignoring the fact that the bloke did n't understand what a referendum is , it made me think : i do n't really care . 
  i 'd rather play a three match series against ireland or wales than england . 
  why did n't you just say fuck the system and copy the brits ? 
  henry vii had henry viii etc. 
  duh , she 's his saul goodman, 
  ooh cheeky , you know what i meant . 
  a few reasons , the main ones being that i enjoy the welsh and irish style of play more and i 'm not sure the current english team is as dominant as it 's made out to be . 
  certainly not like the 2003 team . 
  minor reasons are that i prefer their fans to the english ones , and that i 'm irish . 
  i reckon you 're right , and the same could be said of ireland and wales too . 
  the last lions series here they got creamed and i genuinely think it 's because they 're a pick 'n' mix of 4 squads . 
  holy fuck it 's harvey lipschitz, 
  oh dear god , one person out of the thousands of competitors at the olympics every year . 
  what a fucking tragedy . 
  i know , let 's remove the rights of an entire group of people because of that one person . 
  in case you missed it , there 's actually been a number of athletes who already do exactly what you say and take hormones . 
  they 're called drug cheats . 
  we 're talking about the chance of those teams being more cohesive than the lions , and i do n't think that 's a maybe at all . 
  england is supposed to be the pinnacle of non-all black rugby at the moment , and ireland beat them last week . 
  ireland beat the abs last year , and have been 6n champions twice in the last 4 years , like england . 
  ireland also had a test series here a year or two back and came pretty close to winning the 2nd did n't they ? 
  wales have also been highly rated in the last few years , probably higher than they ever have been before . 
  it 's not a stretch to say those two teams would perform well here compared to the lions . 
   i genuinely think if england toured nz for a three match series with one super rugby game and a prior warm up test they 'd have a better shot than the lions . 
  this is what i responded to . 
  i said both ireland and wales would do better than the lions . 
  the lions record is n't useful as a comparison . 
  they only visit once every 12 years , they have n't won since 1972 , and on their last visit they lost with what was arguably the second strongest team in the world and one of the best coaches ever . 
  not only did they lose , they lost horribly . 
  there 's no reason whatsoever to think that the lions this year will fare any better that a single nation would when the national sides would have the cohesion of a 6n behind them , and several years playing together . 
  president ryan appoints vice president clinton in an effort to appease the country , then steps down , restoring the natural order . 
  [ no he did n't . 
  ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/11/where-republicans-stand-on-donald-trump-a-cheat-sheet/481449/ ), 
   john mccain : nay ( was yea ), 
  the arizona senator and 2008 gop presidential nominee , who is in a tight reelection battle , has announced he no longer supports trump . 
  `` i thought it important i respect the fact that donald trump won a majority of the delegates by the rules our party set , '' he said in a statement . 
  `` but donald trump 's behavior this week , concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning comments about women and his boasts about sexual assaults , make it impossible to continue to offer even conditional support for his candidacy . '' ( october 8 , 2016 ), 
   mccain released a scorching statement criticizing trump for his comments about gold star parents khizr and ghazala khan , but he did not revoke his support . 
  ( august 1 , 2016 ), 
   mccain has said publicly that he 'll back the nominee . 
  in a private recording obtained by politico , however , he frets that trump endangers his reelection effort , while his former top aide mark salter is backing clinton . 
  ( may 5 , 2016 ), 
  fuck man i live in new zealand and i 've never seen this shit , this is terrifying, 
  so i 'm 40 minutes into a 7 hour roadtrip on the most glorious summer day you can imagine . 
  windows down , guitar in the backseat , pile of snacks next to me , and i 've got the music way up . 
  i 'm going along a highway where the speed limit is 100km/h ( 62mph for the weirdos ) , third in a line of four cars . 
  as we come onto a long straight , the guy behind me pulls out , rockets forward , and overtakes my car , and the one in front . 
  we both brake a bit to let him in , and i go back to cruising - hey , i 'm in no rush . 
  a sudden stream of oncoming traffic means he ca n't get past the last car in front of him though , and he is * pissed * . 
  i can hear him honking his horn over the sound of the wind and my music , and i can vaguely see his arm waving through the windshield of the car between us . 
  dude was n't enjoying this beautiful day . 
  a sign flashes by : passing lane , 400m ahead . 
  i 'm thinking , alright then , he can overtake and we 'll go back to the tranquility of a kiwi summer drive . 
  sure enough , we hit it , and he flies off up the centre lane , pausing only to flip the bird at the first driver , and then flashes out of sight . 
  as we come up the ridge where the road flattens out , the trees on either side disappeared and the last curve in the road before another straight is visible . 
  looking across a field , i can see two vehicles parked off to the side . 
  a cop had been sitting behind the last stand of trees at the end of the passing lane , and as this fella whipped through , the cop pinged him at probably 20 or so over , and shot out to catch him . 
  if he 'd just stayed at the limit for 5 minutes more , he was sweet - i did n't see another cop in the next 6 hours .
