  i believe that also answers your second question somewhat . 
  in general , cultural changes do n't fit neatly into periods like this . 
  also , in my opinion , there was an attempt to force nicknames on the later decades of the twentieth century , purely because of the earlier ones being so well known , and the later generations feeling a need for identity . 
  however , i would n't let that necessarily diminish the view of those decades , as the roaring twenties and the sixties were also key to identity . 
  as for cultural changes and how they fit into the frame , each decade is approached differently . 
  the twenties are generally considered to be 1920-1929 ( and then there are the oddballs who suggest other measurements ) . 
  the twenties get their nickname as the ` roaring ' decade from the lifestyle that dominate images of this period . 
  parties , raucous behaviour , new fashions that challenged the old , and new forms of music all contributed to this . 
  the ostentatious lifestyle was limited though . 
  it was n't available to the working classes , and the middle class would n't have felt the full effect either . 
  it was a lifestyle reserved for the upper crust of american and european society . 
  the roaring twenties do n't completely fill the decade though . 
  they 're framed themselves by major events : at the start , the end of the first world war ; and at the finish , the great depression . 
  because of this , the twenties are often observed to be a period that was somewhat romanticized by later years . 
  it was a decade of wealth and peace , isolated between the worst economic disaster in the modern era , and the largest war the world had ever seen . 
  it 's easy to see how those who came after longed for the return of the glamour of the period from ~ 1919-29 , and ended up referring to it with such an exciting nickname . 
  the sixties are quite different again . 
  using the same framework of decade measurement , you 'd assume it was from 1960-69 , and no more . 
  but in reality the movements and culture that we associate with the sixties does n't fit that well into such a tight constraint . 
  different historians have different opinions . 
  there are hundreds of books written about the period , and they all have an opinion of the start and finish dates . 
  terry anderson 's book * the sixties * covers the period from 1960-73 . 
  the december 1969 issue of * life * magazine ( the last issue of the numerical decade ) , said that the period could be seen in two parts , beginning with an `` energetic shift from the calm of the late 1950s '' , suggesting a slightly earlier beginning . 
  arthur marwick , in his book * the sixties * ( i know , i know . 
  historians have a knack for being unimaginative when it matters ) opens with an introduction titled `` was there a cultural revolution c.1958-c .1974 ? '', 
  eric foner begins his chapter on the sixties in * the story of american freedom * with the story of rosa parks , suggesting a start date in 1955 . 
  he finishes by noting that the sixties `` overspilled its chronological boundaries '' , and that `` it was in the early 1970s that movements born in the late sixties reached their peak of militancy '' , giving as examples the gay liberation movement and the american indian movement . 
  while most of the key events of the sixties happened within the bounds of 1960-69 , many of them had their beginnings in the late fifties and ended in the early or mid seventies . 
  because of this , it 's generally suggested that a more accurate name is `` the long sixties '' , encompassing the entire period , from the rise of liberalism and the new left through to the end of the vietnam war . 
  ** sources : **, 
  eric foner , * the story of american freedom * . 
  terry h. anderson , * the sixties * . 
  arthur marwick , * the sixties * . 
  stop signs are red lights . 
  remember that , and you 're fine . 
  i live in auckland so keeping left unless passing is n't an option . 
  too many on ramps where congestion builds up means that the right lane is a fast lane , and the middle lane is for people merging away from the ramps . 
  keep left is for the expressways like waikato . 
  long open roads where traffic is n't heavy , but speeds are high . 
  spongebob squarepants . 
  it just is n't funny . 
  his voice is annoying . 
  the jingle at the start is grating . 
  the only good part of that show is patrick , and even then , only 0.01 % of the time . 
  just to nitpick here , but they * are * surgeons . 
  in a surgical teaching hospital . 
  as in , these doctors are only there to operate and not to treat people for regular illness . 
  that 's where other hospitals specialise . 
  that 's just a change of venue . 
  nothing else changes . 
  still a doctor , still the same tools , still got the teacher right behind him . 
  is it unlikely ? 
  of course it is . 
  is it impossible ? 
  it 's probably happened somewhere in real life . 
  i was n't driving safely at the time . 
  it had rained earlier that night and i had just woken up and not realised the roads were slick . 
  i took the ramp at ~ 80 and slipped a little bit . 
  i think it was at union st where i actually spun , which is a 50 zone , so probably not a good example . 
  you can guarantee that nowhere in the world has an elevator ever stopped working in a hospital , and a doctor has had to do an emergency fix on a patient ? 
  this is nice . 
  if it 's an intelligent lifeform , those might be the first images they send us . 
  not necessarily . 
  or if they were , we could just get sudden images in our head of alien boobs . 
  personally , i go for a bottom-up mode of history . 
  i posted an answer [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/31lqtt/what_is_great_man_history_what_are_its_pros_and/ ) about ` great man theory ' and its pros/cons . 
  hint : there are n't many pros . 
  / u/theshowisnottheshow also explained it really nicely in that thread :, 
   the biggest downside to ` great man history ' is exactly the erasure of anyone except the great men . 
  i 've put a lot of my focus on the civil rights movement , and this is the big problem there with mlk . 
  it 's also the issue with the napoleonic wars , and numerous other times and places . 
  it changes huge movements for social or political change into something that was the result of one man . 
  in actual fact , they generally have a lot of people behind them that you do n't know about . 
  i feel like i 'm talking about the crm on here a lot lately , so i 'll let some one else expand upon this with their area . 
  i bet you like mike hosking . 
  reporting for duty . 
  pirate away mate . 
  i 'm more interested in how stuff thinks a man squatting in a stream is an accurate portrayal of `` how waterways are beneficial '' . 
  off the top of my head , the answer is no . 
  the only situation in which a boycott of an entire region occurred in response to racial discrimination was the boycott of south africa that many countries imposed on their sporting teams . 
  there were instances of boycotts against south africa from the early 1960s right up until the end of apartheid in 1995 . 
  they were n't limited to sports either - academic and economic boycotts were in place too . 
  in america however , the extent of boycotts was localised . 
  montgomery has the most famous example , and shows exactly how effective a boycott can be . 
  the bus boycott there went on for so long that whites began trying to figure out a way to end it by any means possible . 
  the buses were the only transport for many blacks to the downtown shopping district of montgomery . 
  by removing the buses from the equation , visitors downtown stopped , and profits fell . 
  the reason i would suggest there were n't boycotts of entire states is because it was n't really an effective measure . 
  mississippi as an example , was referred to as a state where only the bravest activists would go because of the attitude they had there to the movement and to those supporting equal rights . 
  but if the state was to be boycotted , it would effectively isolate the black population in mississippi and stop them from gaining anything from the efforts of the movement . 
  to use a medical metaphor , the goal was n't to cut away the diseased parts of racism , but rather to cure it and retain the whole as a healthy specimen . 
  a boycott of a state would leave isolate those who needed help the most . 
  in the mod i ran with a couple of friends . 
  we figured out the fields most likely to have heli wrecks , and started circling around the northern half of the map , looking for the wrecks . 
  eventually we were all fully kitted with as50s and the hmgs . 
  when they left for a few days , i made my way to cherno with my new gear , and climbed that super tall building . 
  perched on the top and proceeded to kill everyone i saw in the city . 
  i 'd log off up there , and when i came back i 'd start again . 
  after about 4 days of this , i 'd got ~ 20 murders and 10 bandit kills , so i was pretty stoked . 
  however , i was also paranoid as hell now .
