  crusaders at $ 5.50 on the tab , get on it !, 
  one try is all they need !, 
  edit : this crusaders team lmao, 
  yeah i 've barely been watching but i just heard a commentator jump through and say he reckons the canes got away with murder tonight , so bad luck i guess . 
  it seems absolutely ridiculous tbh . 
  a csgo crate is a lotto ticket , and dota crates are scratchies . 
  far better chance of winning big in dota because they purposely try to make it more fair . 
  csgo ? 
  not a chance in hell, 
  did i say that video games cause shoot outs ? 
  or acts of violence ? 
  no i did n't . 
  we know that people who are more likely to commit this sort of crime exhibit signs beforehand , through mediums like art and writing . 
  so why not a video game ? 
  why is it so hard to believe that someone 's creative outlet could be a video game , where they create a highly detailed model of their school or workplace and then turn it into a death trap on screen ? 
  everyone argues that video games are a form of art , and a way of expressing creativity . 
  well that means you take the good with the bad , and this is a distinct possibility . 
  nah , but you 're more likely to win a decent sized prize there than in the lotto . 
  i 'd love a 1/70 chance to open a knife on csgo lol , pretty sure most players would, 
  as a flaired user on there , it 's very hard to give a short answer that will adequately explain a historical question . 
  most people come to us and ask their questions because they want an indepth answer . 
  they do n't want to know who the fourth king of england was , they want to know why it was him , and how he got there , and what his policy on recycling and composting was . 
  most questions there also demand some background info to explain what 's being asked . 
  as an example , these are the top 3 questions on the sub at the moment ( excluding a meta question ) :, 
  * bill clinton has often said that his greatest foreign policy failure was inaction during the rwandan genocide . 
  but at the time , was there any domestic pressure calling for us intervention or public debate about whether the us should intervene ? 
  * ottoman devshirme system is often described negatively with words such as ` kidnapping ' or ` stealing ' yet bosnian muslims demanded that the system include them after their conversion . 
  how was this system truly seen by the those affected by it ? 
  * did the western allies rape german civilians on a scale similar to the soviets ? 
  each of these can be answered quite quickly . 
  the first could say `` yes , rwandan refugee groups in concert with amnesty international and red cross both asked for intervention , and they were joined by 30 senators and 203 congressmen . '', 
  but that does n't explain anything . 
  that does n't tell anyone why these people felt the need to call for action , why clinton felt unable to listen to them , what pressures there were to keep him from intervening , or what precedents there were . 
  it would n't include any detail about the fact that the american presence in somalia the previous year had resulted in the disastrous events of the battle of mogadishu , portrayed in the movie * black hawk down * . 
  these are all factors that contribute to understanding clinton 's stance on rwanda , and each of the other questions i included here would have the same depth around them . 
  to get a proper answer , you have to include these factors , because history does n't operate in a bubble , like some reddit users seem to think . 
  bring them receipts then . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's not even in the ballpark of what i said . 
  you 're the one that brought up video games causing violence . 
  i just said a kid expressing creativity in a video game could be viewed the same way as [ the kids who write a manifesto with kill targets ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eric_harris_and_dylan_klebold#motivations ) , or draws pictures of all the school children lying dead in the cafetaria . 
  [ hey , i wrote an answer for this on / r/askhistorians a few years ago !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2v4nk7/what_was_the_worlds_reaction_to_the_krakatoa/ ), 
  it was a really interesting event because it was something that truly affected most of the world - everyone knew about it because of the telegram , and even more so because a huge part of the world could actually see the effects , even as far away as america . 
  he 's posted about 10 in this thread , keep reading, 
  have you seen how much bitching there is on this sub lately ? 
  dota players do n't seem to understand `` extra rare '' and `` ultra rare '' designations for items . 
  there are people complaining that 1/70 is n't good enough odds for an ultra rare , despite that being a 1.5 % chance . 
  is the reason that y' all are whiney little children ? 
  * woosh ? 
  for a second , i morbidly thought what if larry reacted this way to his fiancee dying after licking stamps, 
  i do n't know how to explain it any simpler than i have in other posts ... but dota 2 has literally the best odds of winning rare items in any valve game . 
  csgo has something like a 1/100 chance of a rare item dropping from a crate . 
  that 's a regular rare , equivalent to the brood skin , kotl horse , and 50 levels . 
  1/100 chance ok ? 
  by contrast , there was a bloke who opened 150 chests on stream yesterday , and won 2 sven swords . 
  the * ultra rare * reward . 
  that 's a 1/75 chance for ultra rare , vs 1/100 for a csgo basic rare . 
  that 's because of the escalating odds . 
  no other game does that . 
  random drops are random drops . 
  but valve actively goes out and alters how dota randomises so that people wo n't be left out . 
  they 're actually altering the odds , so that their customers will be rewarded . 
  yet despite all of that , there are still people on the first page of this sub complaining about how dota is fucking the players over because they 've spent $ 500 and not got anything , as if crates are a shop you look through for the rarest thing and will find . 
  that 's not how random drops work . 
  that 's not how rarity works . 
  you 're not meant to be guaranteed one of every rare just for opening all those boxes . 
  you 're meant to have a better chance ( which is bullshit pandering to the community too ) at winning one . 
  it 's a lotto , not a fucking candy store . 
  an ultra rare item in csgo is like 1/1000 chance , and sells for about $ 600 . 
  yesterday a streamer got two ultra rare sven immortals in 150 cases . 
  dota already has amazing odds , and we do n't need them to be set at 1 % so that everyone can get one * because that 's not the point of ultra rare *, 
  i agree . 
  it 's pandering to a community of players who think they 're somehow entitled to have every ultra rare because they spent money . 
  of course nahaz is a deregulated market capitalist lmao, 
  i bought saints row and a week later it was on sale in the summer sale ( years ago ) . 
  opened a ticket , asked for a refund so i could buy the deluxe edition . 
  `` sure thing , here 's $ 1.20 refunded to your cc , and the standard in your library has been upgraded to deluxe . '', 
  awesome stuff . 
   islamic terrorist attacks were n't consistent with life in germany , uk , france , and the rest of eu 20 years ago, 
  they were n't consistent with life in the us either . 
   these people commit acid attacks, 
  [ muslim man attacked by white englishman with acid . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/acid-attacks-uk-london-luton-muslim-victim-hate-crime-10000-reward-appeal-bedfordshire-police-a7843181.html ), 
  you said that these people commit crimes that are very different to other crimes . 
  this proves you wrong . 
  white people also rape other people , quite a bit . 
  domestic violence is a massive problem in new zealand , and that often includes rape too . 
  i guess i 'm confused here : why are you trying to justify not liking muslims when you could just come out and say it ? 
   so you think valve are doing you a favor by including escalating odds into their system of selling cosmetics . 
  the truth is that 's the system they decided would make them the most money . 
  oh boy , i 'm going to blow your mind . 
  you 're never going to see the world the same again . 
  ok , you ready for it ? 
  sit down maybe . 
  ** ok , here goes : it 's entirely possible for something to benefit both the customer * and * the seller . 
  wow . 
  is n't that magical . 
  it 's pretty clear english , mate . 
  that 's an entirely legitimate claim .
