  at this point in the war , the germans were retreating , and being pursued by the allies , so foch was well placed to dictate terms . 
  when foch had provided his terms for an armistice , he gave the german delegation 72 hours to `` obtain the consent of his government to the allies ' terms , or the war would go on . '', 
  the german delegation was encountered on the evening of the 7th november , and [ the source ] ( http://www.historynet.com/world-war-i-wasted-lives-on-armistice-day.htm ) says that the armistice was to take effect within the deadline offered by foch . 
  it 's not clear in the article how this works mathematically , but i think that the the initial meeting between foch and the germans occurred the next morning at 11am on the 8th november , and that the 72 hour/3 day deadline provided by foch was to end on the at 11am on nov 11 . 
  that way , the armistice was signed at 5am on nov 11 , 6 hours before europe would have been plunged into war again . 
  / u/evan _ th , i 've sort of answered your question here i hope . 
  i think a good way to do it would be random viewing of cameras . 
  true random obviously , and not too often . 
  but the positive could be training your officers better with it - if a committee views a video and sees how an officer handles a situation , that can then be shown to others to say look guys , this is a good way of talking down someone , or this is good management of a very difficult situation . 
  conversely , it could also be used for constructive criticism . 
  please read my comment again . 
  i never said that the germans were surrendering , i said that foch and his representatives gave a list of demands for a german surrender . 
  when the french negotiated the armistice , and it * was * the french who met with the german representative in the train car near compi\u00e8gne , they were not merely discussing peace , but asking the germany army to demilitarise , withdraw from all occupied territories - an effective surrender from a french point of view . 
  i was wrong to suggest that the process of armistice only began on the 7th of november , but that was when the german delegation first appeared , and the ultimatum was given . 
  in the context of the question asked , i think this is a fair enough point to start from . 
  edit : i do n't know why you crossed out ` allied commander ' - it 's an anachronism , but foch was the lead strategician of the 1918 war effort . 
  is cam smith retiring , or has he said anything about it ? 
  you have refresher orb , it 's core on tb , duh, 
  ha , thanks , it 's a guilty distraction from my thesis !, 
  we could n't do the answers without the questions though . 
  1 % more than nothing is a huge difference . 
  plenty of time for that while you 're gaining altitude !, 
  apologies to everyone who is n't used to the format which twitter uses . 
  i 've had issues with imgur and albums , so i opted for the original sauce . 
  i also assumed people would be familiar , which was a bit presumptuous . 
  there are four photos in the tweet - if you click on the first one , then use your right arrow key , you can view them in order . 
  since for some reason this been flaired as `` no proof '' , [ here is the transcript of the show ] ( http://drupal.foxnews.com/on-air/on-the-record/2013/01/12/why-haiti-matters-america ) for the episode in question . 
  they were , that 's when they lost the shield haha . 
  it 's funny that you bring up barrett , because that brings up a gripe i 've had for several months which tends to get laughed at here . 
  barrett was an impact player during the final tests of carter 's career , and sopoaga was a challenger for the second spot while cruden was injured . 
  when barrett got his first test as a starter , not an off the bencher , he very nearly choked it . 
  he did n't throw the game away , but he was n't the barrett we know and love . 
  he was timid , rattled , and did n't direct the game like he did with the hurricanes . 
  in short , he fell to the pressure . 
  contrast that with lima sopoaga who made his debut at ellis park as a starting 10 and was phenomenal . 
  he played exactly the same way for the all blacks that we had seen for the highlanders , and he was brimming with confidence . 
  since then , he 's played three games off the bench - 25min in the first one , 12 min in the second , 4 min in the third . 
  sopoaga was n't selected for the world cup . 
  barrett was . 
  is he maybe referring to underage players being given alcohol ? 
  twitter generates a lot of internet content that reddit loves ( / r/blackpeopletwitter for one ) , but it also is used for disseminating serious opinions and discussions on a huge scale that facebook , reddit , instagram , snapchat etc , are n't able to do because of the innate privacy of those platforms . 
  twitter is entirely public unless you choose to be private , and it means that things get shared further , and get a lot more publicity . 
  on facebook , a post going viral is quite difficult . 
  relative to facebook it 's easy on twitter . 
  and it 's used for discussions quite often . 
  for example , [ here 's a thread detailing donald trump 's week from hell . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/juddlegum/status/782236867232096260 ), 
  in the twitter app on mobile it 's nicely arranged . 
  on web via laptop it 's even better . 
  all his points are succinct , because they have to be . 
  it 's a very effective medium . 
  [ it 's also amazing for story telling . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/xlnb/status/721704828410331140 ) it lets effect be built up , and allows the author to draw a reader in . 
  and best of all , it 's quick !, 
  short stories all the time . 
  would n't shock persist until you were able to return to a normal state ? 
  blood back to regular levels , heart not working as hard , relaxed ? 
  it looks like a cool project , but the photos are too dark to see what it looks like at the end . 
  you 're saying that because you have n't used it as much though . 
  i initially found reddit hard to follow , and still have to track back up to find which comment is the parent of one below . 
  twitter has much cleaner organisation . 
  i find things on twitter before they hit reddit , which also means a day or two before they hit a lot of news outlets ( if they 're not major stories ) . 
  people on facebook embrace privacy , because to see someone 's posts , photos , information - you generally have to add them . 
  maybe it 's different where you are , but people from my region do n't have open profiles , and twitter is the opposite of that . 
  you can read everything without following , and you can follow without it being creepy like a random friend request would be . 
  it 's a lot more relaxed . 
  bonus thing : you can interact with celebs , newspeople , politicians on a level that facebook does n't afford . 
  it 's like an ama but permanently there . 
  they wo n't answer everything of course . 
  ah , but i did , and you replied to it . 
  which does not change the fact that i did make an effort to look for proof , and furthermore , i posted it . 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
  the mods could have looked for proof . 
  i think that responsibility is on me though , but either way . 
  it 's a c section in an operating theatre , not a birth in a maternity suite . 
  women die from caesareans , it makes sense that you 'd charge someone a bit more for making the procedure slightly more difficult . 
  it 's forty bucks , that 's nothing when you consider hers and the child 's life could be at risk . 
  read the string of replies below you , and in the next thread . 
  the mother is often drugged up , so ca n't hold a baby solo . 
  the nurses in the or are in the or for one reason : surgery . 
  so another nurse or a midwife is brought in to help the mother hold the baby . 
  it 's not a cash grab . 
   what league does the british irish lions play in ? 
  ( i 've noticed that apparently some of the players play for other teams , but it is n't a national team right ? ), 
  they 're a touring team made up of players from the four national squads of the british isles . 
  their players play in the six nations . 
   what is the biggest and hardest league ? 
  ( if you win this you 're basically the best ), 
  the rugby championship . 
  international competition between argentina , australia , new zealand , and south africa . 
   where do you watch the games ? 
  there are streams posted on this sub for most games . 
   last but not least , what team do you follow and why ? 
  the all blacks , because i 'm a kiwi . 
  domestically , the highlanders and otago , because i like to temper my ego with despair . 
  i feel like someone standing one yao ming away and yelling that i 'm going to hell would still be pretty annoying . 
  not from america , interested in learning more about this . 
  how fast were you going and what was the speed limit ? 
  were you caught by a cop or a camera ? 
  this is really bad advice .
