  so the answer to your question is a bit of both , but mostly on the side of no . 
  the mongolians were adept at fighting in some of the toughest terrains in europe and asia , and had proven this multiple times . 
  the horde in europe was led by one of the most successful military strategists in history , and it would have been based in a terrain that looked to be custom made for the mongolian people . 
  it was also supported by extensive intelligence operations , which at the time of their retreat from europe , had sent scouts into the land surrounding vienna . 
  tl ; dr the mongolians had a picture of europe already forming , and had defeated two large european armies within two days . 
  they were established on the plains of hungary , and were led by superior commanders . 
  there was no one left to stop them . 
  whoops , fixed it up now . 
  knew there was something i 'd forgotten about when i posted that . 
  great post , i did n't think to go into the practicalities of holding the land . 
  also , the mongols use of siege weapons was just that - siege warfare . 
  it was n't used for a quick demolition of a wall and a flood of men coming in to take the city . 
  they preferred to starve people out and slaughter them in the open . 
  as valkine says , the french and german regions had multiple fortifications which would have made it quite impossible to wait out a starving garrison without having to fight off the armies behind them . 
  `` papa & yo '' , english trans . 
  `` father and i '', 
  incorrect . 
  + correct, 
  hey there . 
  no , sorry . 
  + correct, 
  sorry , it was guessed above !, 
  eden in new zealand . 
  one sketch a day - a visual journal, 
  it is not the novel ` redwall ' . 
  specific novel . 
  i chose the image because it 's a clue in itself , and the series is far too broad an answer . 
  nope . 
  + correct, 
  this is the right answer , but cornholio got it by about 2 minutes i believe . 
  congrats though !, 
  there are two possible meanings . 
  the first is that no , they have no meaning , and are just inserted into the song as part of the dance that accompanied the song . 
  the second is that they do have a meaning , but that it is rooted ( no pun intended ) in medieval pagan herb lore and witchcraft . 
  it 's also plausible that both are true , and that the line was inserted as a part of the dance that went with the song , but that the line had origins in the older lore surrounding those plants . 
  so to the first explanation . 
  as you noted in the description , the ballad is an old one , matching the story of a scottish ballad titled ` the elfin knight ' , which is # 12 on the roud folk song index ( interestingly , wikipedia has scarborough fair bracketed next to it ) . 
  the story of the song involves two people setting herculean tasks for each other in order to win love in one version , and for an elfin or demon suitor to conquer the lady in another . 
  ` the elfin knight ' does n't feature the refrain you 're asking about , and the earliest appearances are only in the nineteenth century , suggesting that it was added in from an existing song . 
  an article in the * journal of american folklore * from 1894 says that the refrain `` belongs to the dance ( for the ballad was a dancing-song ) , not to the story . '', 
  this makes sense , as their are multiple versions of the song given in the article ( which is titled * american versions of ` the elfin knight ' * ) , some of which feature variations on the refrain , `` let ev'ry rose grow merry in time '' , and others which omit the refrain entirely , such as one from 1828 which instead goes from task to task with no filler . 
  so we can see that the song in question is far older than the refrain , and as such , the refrain most likely has no meaning related to the song . 
  however , this brings me to the second possibility i stated above which is that it may have meaning in medieval herb-lore . 
  an article by a. g. gilchrist in 1930 describing refrains in british ballads points out that riddle ballads , such as ` the elfin knight ' and ` scarborough fair ' are , commonly used the invocation of herbs and other plants as magical protection against evil . 
  he says , `` the carrying or invocation of magical herbs seems to be the pagan prescription for defence '' against evil spirits . 
  this would back up the idea that the line was inserted because of its relevance to the story . 
  noting that there are a lot of deleted comments on this question , there might have been attemped answers at relating the herbs mentioned to their believed `` magical '' properties from the medieval and ancient eras . 
  however there are many different beliefs surrounding this , with some sources citing thyme as an emblem of bravery , while others see it as a harbinger of death . 
  edit : i found another source , which i 've added at the bottom ( it 's the third one ) , referring to a book of herbs and their properties published in the early sixteenth century in london . 
  as the article says , the author of the book is more inclined to romance than to fact , but it references an even earlier source , as well as providing a contemporary view on the herb rosemary . 
  in the book , rosemary is said to protect from the plague , by virtue of its sweet smell ; to give a fair face ( presumably clear skin ) when boiled in wine and used to wash the face ; and to preserve youth when a box is made of the wood of the plant and it is smelled . 
  this link between smell and warding off evil ( time , plague ) , ties in with gilchrist 's description of carrying certain herbs , as the most powerful herbs against evil were believed to be the sweetest smelling ones . 
  sources :, 
  [ american versions of the elfin knight ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/532838 ) , * the journal of american folklore * at jstor . 
  [ a note on the `` herb '' and other refrains of certain british ballads ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/4434225 ) , a. g. gilchrist * journal of the folk-song society * at jstor ( also available via a google search i believe ) . 
  [ herbs , herbals , herbalists ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/15301 ) , helen bancroft * the scientific monthly * at jstor . 
  the lyrics to the two songs are both suspect , but contextually i think it is easier to see what people were getting at when they called thicke rapey and why they did n't then jump on jessie , ariana , and nicki . 
  in * blurred lines * thicke sings in the chorus , `` and that 's why i 'm gon ' take a good girl / i know you want it '' , which is followed up a few lines later by , `` ca n't let it get past me '' . 
  what i get from this is the use of the word `` take '' . 
  there 's no asking , there 's no talk of consent , which are major issues in rape culture . 
  but not only that , he says `` ca n't let it get past me '' , which sounds like something penned in , or cornered . 
  if you read it from that point of view , his next lines are all sorts of creepy . 
  `` i hate these blurred lines / i know you want it ( x3 ) / but you 're a good girl / the way you grab me / must wan na get nasty '' reeks of assumptions , and after his first lines about taking things , it does n't sound so good . 
  * bang bang * on the other hand , is from the very start of the song , explicitly an offer of sex , not a request for , or a demand for . 
  the first lines , `` she got a body like an hourglass / but i can give it to you all the time '' , are obviously an attempt to lure someone . 
  it 's a gesture of willingness , an offer . 
  all the verses follow this style of a counteroffer by the singers to the positive traits raised in favour of the subject 's partner . 
  the chorus line you point out , `` i know you want it '' is bad , yes , when read without the context . 
  but placing it within the full song it becomes a line of temptation by the women , rather than thicke 's assertion that he knows what the woman wants even if the lines are blurred . 
  the following line to `` i know you want it '' in * bang bang * is `` i 'll let you have it '' , which also sounds terrible without context , but in this song , it merely serves to add to the temptation . 
  while jessie , nicki , and ariana sing about tempting a man away from his partner , thicke 's song is about him making up his mind about what she wants , rather than bothering to asking . 
  i can not for the life of me get the image of a saxon helmet out of my head . 
  could you expand upon other denominations not recognising peter ? 
  as far as i know , peter is accepted to be the first pope by all denominations . 
  the disagreement is whether or not the pope has any authority over christians - protestant denominations believe that there is no intermediary between man and christ . 
  `` but you 're a good girl / the way you grab me / must wan na get nasty / go ahead , get at me '', 
  that 's not seduction . 
  that 's harassment . 
  that is a lyrical retelling of every harassment story i 've ever heard from a girl . 
  `` oh , you 're a good girl ay . 
  but look at you , you 're touching my shoulder , you must want it , come on , let 's have sex . '', 
  it never says it 's an internal monologue . 
  it reads exactly like someone speaking to another person . 
  and that 's why it 's been labelled rapey . 
   he 's hoping that she chooses to be ` bad ' . 
  he 's plainly already decided she is in his mind . 
  there 's no room in this song for her to say `` nah , i 'm good . '', 
  i think op left without telling a mod the answer . 
  i think that means this round abandons . 
  i 'm in new zealand and we use yellow signs too . 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  the 19th century is the earliest reference , but that is an american journal i was citing and the refrain may have been used in britain even earlier . 
  the meaning is most likely tied to herb-lore . 
  which would include the evil spirit defeating properties . 
  like i said , there were a lot of different beliefs as to what herbs could do , and that was definitely one of them . 
  if you google the herbs from the refrain , you 'll find stuff about them that applies to the story theme : thyme was bravery as mentioned before , rosemary was faithfulness , sage was age and wisdom . 
  so there you have three herbs that refer to endless love and the wisdom that comes of it . 
  to find out exactly what the meaning was , you 'd have to find the origins of the refrain itself , and see what the contemporary beliefs were surrounding herb-lore . 
  i admit though , it is nice to imagine that it was selected because it meant something . 
  when the bolsheviks took power following the revolution , there was no symbol that they brought with them , and nor did they immediately have the power to institute such change .
