  this shows that america is n't quite fucked . 
  if anyone is watching mariners-astros , how did the astros just get their second out ? 
  i did n't think it was a strikeout but i ca n't figure it out, 
  can anyone in this thread explain what they think should have been done ? 
  america has the wealth , the power , and the ability to both shelter refugees from this conflict , and step in to stop assad slaughtering his people . 
  in the six years of this conflict , over half a million people have died . 
  7.5 million have been displaced within the country . 
  5 million have fled the country . 
  that 's 13 million people total . 
  that 's the entire population of sacramento . 
  dead . 
  it 's the * combined * population of chicago and houston , fleeing their own country . 
  it 's the population of new york city excluding staten island , wandering syria without homes or possessions . 
  something had to be done . 
  america could do it . 
  it 's late . 
  it 's far from perfect . 
  but action was needed . 
  that was the `` it 's far from perfect '' part of my comment . 
  i think the us should be taking as many refugees as it can . 
  so your solution is to create a refugee camp next door to syria ? 
  that 's worked brilliantly for palestinian refugees in lebanon and jordan . 
  now they 're homeless , and face rape , assault , murder , and theft of the few belongings they have left in the camps . 
  refugee camps are n't the answer . 
  refugee camps within reach of isis definitely are n't . 
  resettlement is . 
  people like to quantify evil too , as if the japanese and the germans were n't equally evil . 
  so many things to work out in this comment . 
  firstly , how are you progressive if you would withdraw american aid from the world ? 
  how are you a progressive if you 'd take no action to make the world a better place by stopping war crimes and murder ? 
  secondly , did you just suggest i 'm distracted ? 
  i have no illusions about what an appalling leader trump is for america . 
  i am happy however , that an action is taken against assad , because inaction is murder . 
  cost of living is n't a problem because they can be funded with those same international funds . 
  they then rent homes and work in the new country and stimulate the economy . 
  america 's had successive waves of immigration for a century that have boosted it to be the most powerful economy in the world . 
  studies have shown that immigrants and refugees are a massive boost to economies and are reliable workers and assets to the nation . 
  there is no reason to not accept the refugees . 
  i do n't think they 'd want me . 
  or allow me . 
  i support single payer healthcare . 
  i like taxes at 50 % or more for the richest earners . 
  i 'm opposed to corporate prisons and schools . 
  i think education should be free , or at least , student loans should be provided by the government and made interest free . 
  i do n't think open carry guns should be allowed . 
  i do n't think unregistered guns should be allowed , and i support extensive background checks . 
  death penalty is dumb , third trimester abortions are great , government should force everyone to have vaccines . 
  i 'm further to the left than any elected politician in your house , and i also think military action and violence can be justified . 
  does anyone have a good stream , the acestream is awful, 
  i 'm like 99.99 % sure rugby league has two 40min halves , but my stream showed it ending with 35:00 on the clock ? 
  this hurts friend . 
  not as bad as losing to st george , but still painful :(, 
  yeah , there 's always a bunch of old people at my local tab . 
  there 's a few of them who have walkers and i think they only go there to get a bit of social interaction and gamble their pensions . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5jx3gnwthu ), 
  i remember reading that among the big cats , leopards are the deadliest . 
  you can tame a cheetah , or a lion , if it 's raised from a cub . 
  but a leopard will always revert back to its instinct to being a solo hunter . 
  even better , they can carry twice their body weight . 
  not just drag , but literally * carry * . 
  they 'll kill an animal and carry its carcass up a tree to store it . 
  imagine something twice your weight hanging from your mouth while you climb . 
  posted source [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/natureisbrutal/comments/645c20/leopard_leaps_through_a_tree_after_a_monkey/dfzt6dw/ ), 
  no , because neo-conservatism 's main ideal is american exceptionalism and paramount power to the united states . 
  i do n't believe in either of those . 
  what i 've been saying , is that america currently sits in a position where they are able to do something to prevent or halt an enormous loss of life . 
  i think they should do something . 
  i also think they should open their borders to refugees , as should the rest of the west . 
  standing idly by and saying `` we are non-interventionist now '' is not a morally defensible position . 
  where did i say that going to war in iraq or afghanistan was correct ? 
  ( hint : i did n't ) . 
  iraq was stable enough before bush invaded . 
  so was afghanistan . 
  syria has n't been stable for five years , and while there is n't a genocide , there is mass murder of civilians . 
  this is nothing like iraq or afghanistan , and intervention is required , or else we 'll be remembered as the generation that stood by while millions died , because someone else made a mistake a decade earlier . 
  if you watch through the shitty slow motion until 1:50 , it goes back to full speed and you see the leopard landed on a tiny branch with the monkey in its mouth and the branch is swaying up and down with the weight . 
  just tuned in , looks like this is going to be a fun victory or a horrible , horrible downslide . 
  yeah , and if you stop now you 're probably gon na forget anything bad !, 
  5 pts for touching the ball to the ground in the opposition goal endzone area ( called a try ) . 
  after that you get a chance to kick it over , if you 're successful you get 2 points ( called a conversion ) . 
  at any time a player can attempt to drop kick the ball over the posts at the end of the field . 
  if they 're successful , 3 pts . 
  ( drop kick is when you drop the ball and kick it as it makes contact with the ground ) . 
  if there 's an infringement , teams get a chance to kick over the posts , like the conversion . 
  it 's worth 3 pts ( penalty kick ) . 
  people like to refer to english and south african rugby as `` 3 times tables '' or `` counting in 3s '' , because both teams have a history of strong kickers . 
  in 2003 , england won the world cup on the back of kicking , and south africa won in 1995 in the same way . 
  have they ended monday night footy or something ? 
  swear there have been no monday games, 
  you are !, 
  op is a child !, 
  from r/all , do n't watch motor racing , do n't enjoy it . 
  what 's really intense about this is the multiplier , for lack of a better word . 
  i 'm about half an inch under 6ft and scrawny , but i layer up and have a beard and people leave me alone when i 'm out at night . 
  i see a lone woman , i give her space . 
  but if i see a lone man , i 'm watchful . 
  but, 
  if i see a group of women , i 'll smile and walk around them . 
  i see a group of men , i tense up and focus on a point beyond them so that i do n't make eye contact with someone looking for a fight .
