  just this once, 
  it 's completely different . 
  what you 're referring to is a demonym , the official term for people from a country . 
  the demonym for pakistan is pakistani , and ` paki ' is a derogatory term created in the uk for pakistani immigrants . 
  a similar case would be japan , where japanese is the demonym , and jap is a slur popularised in world war ii . 
  the key difference between a slur and a nickname or casual term for a population is the slur is n't friendly or adopted by the people it 's referring to . 
  it 's not at all . 
  if politically correct means not being an arsehole for the sake of it , then sure . 
  can someone explain to me how this works ? 
  how do you close a beach ? 
  do you not just have public access to them all the time ? 
  this is amazing . 
  what 's to stop you walking down the road and walking on ? 
  are your beaches fenced off ? 
  since you pointed out the number of writers in various songs , i 'll latch on here . 
  a lot of people * love * to try and discredit modern pop music , or hip hop/r & b by comparing a modern song with lots of writers to an older one like bohemian rhapsody which was written by freddie mercury . 
  there are a few problems with this . 
  firstly , freddie mercury was a bloody musical genius . 
  it 's not fair to compare a modern successful but average pop star to one of the gods of his day . 
  secondly , a lot of modern artists do n't play all the instruments you hear on their tracks , but co-writers in the studio can also be people who are doing the beat behind the lyrics , which is more analogous to a band composing a song together . 
  and lastly , and pretty important for modern music and especially hip hop and r&b , is samples . 
  i did n't realise this about writing credits for songs , but anyone who is sampled in a song gets a writing credit too . 
  now this is * really * important , because that shit stacks up . 
  one example is rihanna 's song * cheers ( drink to that ) * , which is a great pop song for parties . 
  this is what the writing credits for * cheers * look like :, 
  andrew harr , jermaine jackson , stacy barthe , lp , corey gibson , chris ivery , avril lavigne , lauren christy , scott spock , graham edwards . 
  you might be thinking , like me , what the hell is avril doing in there ? 
  turns out the song samples an old avril song , and her and the three names following her are the song writer credits for the original song . 
  suddenly , the writing credits for * cheers * balloon from 6 to 10 , and it looks quite bloated . 
  this happens all the time , because sampling older songs is a major part of hip hop . 
  kanye 's * gold digger * is another example , though not as extreme . 
  kanye sampled ray charles , and ray used a jazz trumpeter by the name of renald richard . 
  so while kanye wrote * gold digger * solo , the writing credits have ray charles and renald richard down too . 
  the end result is that when you employ other people to add some instruments to your song , and sample an artist , your credits fill out real quick . 
  another one i noticed is jay z and kanye 's * otis * , which has those two as writers , and about 6 more from samples . 
  if you found out women thought you were cute and were trying to look you up online would you be flattered or would you be scared they were about to do something violent to you ? 
  they teamed up with my local telco so now i get free spotify with my prepaid plan . 
  i did n't even have to get a contract . 
  i 'm stunned , this is so ridiculous . 
  how often are beaches closed ? 
  why do they close them ? 
  they 're literally just outdoor areas full of sand and water . 
  do they close open green spaces there too ? 
  full screen it , he does n't put an arm out to push blue shirt off . 
  he puts it out with his palm upwards , as if he 's questioning the guy on the ground about something . 
  argument , then lots of gunshots , a scream or two , then three cops yell `` drop the gun '' literally about 20 times without drawing breath , then the guy gets out and it 's done . 
  glad i did n't post my comment asking why the cops did n't shoot him then, 
  i was talking about haast 's eagle , but who knows , we could probably turn a moa into a predator by resurrecting it too, 
  it 's honestly so stupid . 
  here you can walk on to any beach at any time of day , at any time of year , in any weather condition . 
  no one 's going to stop you because it 's public land . 
  the rugby field is no place for those gymnastic antics !, 
  should n't it be bnz due to ( a ) their super rugby sponsorship , and ( b ) their shady beginnings ? 
  good job mate , this is the perfect time to reinforce the stereotype of sports fans being lecherous thugs . 
  ... and with a joke about a 13yo no less . 
  [ think he meant john smit getting killed by brad thorne . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ns5jmcuvfve ), 
  it 's 100 % intentional , they do it carefully . 
  hore was a dirty bugger . 
  that guy changed his line to cut him off , but he did n't need to knock him out, 
  shampoo seller once ( a friend , not someone trying to make a sale ) told me that you 're meant to use anti-dandruff shampoo for two or three washes , then go back to regular . 
  if you keep using it , the dandruff will start coming back , and the shampoo wo n't have that same effect . 
  could be a pre-op trans woman . 
  directly above this one :, 
   i sleep in men 's boxer briefs . 
  they 're comfy , and because the legs are snug around my thighs , they do n't ride up in my sleep like regular boxers or pajama shorts do . 
  maybe the manufacturers need to swap labels ? 
  i get 2 packs for $ 30 and i buy them on special so they 're even cheaper . 
  they last years before they get even the tiniest holes in them . 
  elastic never gives out . 
  i have heaps , and they 're brilliant . 
  are n't vans unisex ? 
  ya , i 'm a dude , but i always bought women 's colour vans , like sultry silver and witch 's black . 
  just checked my size first !, 
  google says 3,000,000 people in utah . 
  you can make 12 cupcakes in a standard tray , but let 's do mini cupcakes , because everyone 's getting one , so that 's 24 per tray . 
  assuming one batch = one tray , you 're going to have to make 125,000 trays . 
  a double batch is the easiest way to speed it up with a home kitchen setup , but he 's rich , so he probably has a kitchen aid and can go quad-batch . 
  i 'm going to say his wife can help out a bit , so if she does a quad-batch too we 're on 8 batches each oven cycle time ( 4 batches = 96 cupcakes ) . 
  4 trays in an oven is quite easy , and since he 's an nba player he naturally has two ovens to do all 8 trays at a time . 
  cupcakes cook for like 20-30 minutes . 
  i 'll average it to 25 minutes , with 5 for pulling out each batch , burning your fingers , and finding somewhere in the kitchen to put the tray . 
  that 's 8 trays every 25 minutes , 16 an hour , which comes to a total of 384 cupcakes an hour . 
  assuming 8 hours sleep , 2 hours doing non cupcake things , and 14 hours making cupcakes , hayward can make 5,376 cupcakes or 224 trays per day . 
  at this rate , it 'll take hayward and his wife 559 days to make the required number of trays , which means he will finish on january 15th 2019 . 
  / r/protectandserve had a collective aneurysm over this video , screeching about how reddit was glorifying bad police tactics , and a man who was endangering his fellow officers . 
   there 's a reason ny style pizza is popular around the world , it 's the best . 
  dunno dude , we like italian style here . 
  yes , and no . 
  the anz is the australia and new zealand banking group , the bnz is the bank of new zealand , and the cnz is unfortunately not a banking institute , but either applies to creative new zealand , or to an office supplies company called cnz according to google . 
  we do have the co-operative bank of nz though , but i think they prefer to go by co-op . 
  haha that 's fine , i can see how it 'd be a bit odd for non-kiwis . 
  we also have the asb ( auckland savings bank ) , so i guess we love our banking acronyms . 
  the earlier versions would stand them up against a wall and shoot them . 
  there 's a marked difference between me saying that trump is an idiot , and someone saying that cnn is run by the jews and rolling out the anti-semitic hate . 
  and you know what ? 
  with the number of jewish people that guy highlighted in his little picture , i 'm not surprised they reacted this way . 
  this is how bad things start , and cnn reacted quickly , and put a stop to it . 
  was it the perfect way to react ? 
  probably not .
