  then they rotate through . 
  at the end of the three week cycle , the teams get scrambled again , and have a week off to acclimatise to travel . 
  the groups are unofficial terms obviously , it 'd just be a draw of who was in each country . 
  could also be b/c your teams have been diluted for a few years and are playing like trash . 
  south african franchises used to be scary . 
  now it 's an inconvenient holiday . 
  true . 
  i 've only had one of those , and in that situation the cop was making jokes and telling me to chill out because it was n't that bad . 
  he watched me turn to the passenger and laugh fearfully about the coming punishment , and when i reached for my licence he was again reading a notepad rather than watching me . 
  the atmosphere of fear that america seems to have is terrifying as an outside observer . 
  i do n't have to fear the police like some people , purely because i 'm white , but i 'd be shitting myself if i had an interaction with an american cop . 
  but that 's not what 's happening here . 
  on tuesday , alton sterling was executed . 
  on wednesday , philando castile was murdered . 
  on thursday , dallas police officers were murdered . 
  on tuesday , the african american community said black lives matter . 
  on wednesday , they repeated it . 
  and on thursday , they said that violence was not the answer , and mourned the deaths in dallas . 
  your analogy is flawed , because you 're assuming equal instances of loss . 
  a more accurate analogy would be if i got shot at , and my neighbour got killed , and when my neighbours mourned , i drew attention to myself by saying `` all lives matter , i 'm a victim too . '', 
  because at that point , my victimhood should be recognised , but it should n't be the focal point when people have died . 
  black lives matter is pointing out that their is systemic racism affecting the black community , and that 's just not a problem that whites face . 
  no one is saying white lives do n't matter . 
  they 're saying that black lives matter just as much , and they 're trying to raise awareness of the problems the black community faces . 
  i do n't know why people who would tell me i 'm being overly sensitive when i ask them not to use the n-word around me would suddenly care that someone said black lives matter . 
  is it that important that you 're included at all times ? 
  this is n't about me , or you , or any other white person . 
  it 's about the black people that are being murdered for no apparent reason other than the colour of their skin . 
  someone telling you you have white privilege is n't the same as saying that you 're racist . 
  it 's just saying that the colour of your skin makes life a little , or a lot , easier . 
  and that is n't debatable . 
  i used to do the picking competitions back in 04/05 with school friends . 
  playing at loftus versfeld ? 
  13 + to the bulls . 
  crusaders playing there ? 
  1-12 to the bulls . 
  the highlanders one in pretoria a few years back and i remember waking up , not even caring about rugby that much at the time , and crying with laughter at the idea of the highlanders winning against the bulls at home . 
  it was just that ridiculous . 
  yeah , i put another story of a one on one interaction below that . 
  but even still , i ca n't imagine an american cop saying `` hey , licence '' and then turning around and being that relaxed . 
   no , that analogy is flawed . 
  black people are n't the only ones who suffer wrongful death at the hands of police . 
  no white people died in those three days . 
  blm were focusing on something that mattered to them . 
   i 'm here on ideological grounds , saying it should n't matter what your skin color is . 
  of course it 's fucking bad , but it 's disproportionately bad for this group in particular , so they 're making a fucking racket about it . 
  what the fuck do n't you get about it ? 
  they 're trying to point out that black americans are people to , but when they do , someone has to come through and say all lives matter !, 
  guess what , they know that . 
  they know white lives matter . 
  they know hispanic , and asian lives matter . 
  they 're just saying look , this is happening to us * right now * , can you give us 30 god damn seconds to air our experience . 
  but all you fuckers do is scream back that it 's racist to separate on race . 
  and every time i , or someone else , tries to explain this on this website , we get downvoted to hell , because god forbid anyone acknowledges that the death of a black person matters less to middle class america than that of a white person . 
  you ca n't change a system that big overnight . 
  you ca n't do it in one term . 
  you ca n't do it in two . 
  i 'm really hoping you 're young , and that this is your first election . 
  because than your na\u00efvet\u00e9 is understandable . 
  but things do n't just happen , you have to work for them over time . 
  stonewall happened in the 60s , but gay marriage only got legalised fully last year . 
  mlk and the civil rights movement are thought of as the period from 1954-1970 , but black americans had been fighting for equal opportunities with voter registration drives , black schools , community organising , and political resistance for a century before that . 
  do n't give up now just because your dream candidate did n't make it . 
  america , and the world , knows who sanders is because of this campaign . 
  you give up now , and he becomes a faint memory of what might have been , a ` phase ' which some youngsters went through in 2016 . 
  fight inch by inch . 
  because you 're never going to get given the mile . 
  when did zenmate + livestream become so crappy :(, 
  that 's terrifying . 
  but he obviously did n't have a rifle on him once he was out . 
  he was n't reaching into his pants for a rifle and i think that 's what makes this quite hard to figure out , because he * was * disobeying their orders , but he was n't threatening them . 
  why did n't they shoot him in the leg ? 
  why not in the arms a couple of times ? 
  i might be wrong , but are n't these guys trained in the use of firearms ? 
  the pistol was shot , so surely a bit of aim at that short a range could have incapacitated him rather than a gut shot . 
  ok , i take your point . 
  shooting for the torso is the smart option . 
  but they were n't at immediate risk here , and they shot for the torso and killed a man . 
  it is about those three days . 
  the protests happened because in those three days , two black men were murdered by police . 
  they 're just trying to bring awareness to a problem affecting their community . 
  how do you not get that ? 
  no one is saying white lives matter less . 
  they 're saying `` pay attention to us . 
  because we 're hurting right now . '', 
  i 'm in a city , and there are gyms all over the show round here . 
  can see one from my house , and if i drive 5 minutes in any direction i 'll find another 5-6 . 
  i was able to hold a gym for 3 days because i reinforced it , and other players in the area do the same . 
  it means that no one is trying to hold it alone with one 1k pokemon , but rather we have 3-4 people with anything from 700 up to 1300 holding . 
  also , you do n't need to be the gym leader to get the bonus , you just need one pokemon stationed there . 
  so if you reinforce 7 gyms and take 3 , you 'll get the max . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's like a limited time offer giving you a bottle of pepsi for free when you buy a large pizza at pizza hut . 
  no one is complaining that coke is n't being offered the same deal . 
  it said unethical lifehacks , not morally upstanding ones . 
  if you 're having a beer in the morning rush hour , you 're probably not carpooling . 
  they could have pushed his face into the ground , or hit his arms down , or shit , even snapped an arm . 
  i bet you anything alton sterling would rather be in a hospital with a broken elbow or nose than dead because a cop worried more about the * potential for a gun to be present * than his life . 
  why am i outraged that someone died when they did n't need to ? 
  why are n't you ?
