  if you pick a random person , 1/5 chance they 're in china . 
  lot of people for things to happen to . 
  northland 's one converted try away from a draw , i hope you decided to remove a point for wrong predictions !, 
  :( i spoke too soon, 
  is it golden point from now , or from the end of the two 5min periods ? 
  thurston, 
  best of luck to all !, 
  i hope you all remember your origins , and buy a goat farm if you win . 
  the smiths are . 
  barrett is . 
  cruden is . 
  dane coles . 
  that was a huge clearance by fekitoa, 
  only 17 to go and still no sopoaga :\\, 
  ref : try ? 
  smith . 
  anyone . 
  the game 's won , and they 've not given sopoaga any game time in a year . 
  he 's lost all eligibility for samoa because they debuted him against rsa last year , and he 's been passed over ever since , despite being on better form than barrett most of that time . 
  was there a draw option or was it just barrett/sa/refund, 
  i think they 'd have to refund - you ca n't keep the money if they draw and not offer the chance to pick it . 
  he 's cold and he 's shamed , lying naked on the floor, 
  it 's definitely a race thing in america . 
  op was talking about ` sundown towns ' , which are towns in which black americans ( and sometimes asian , mexican , jewish , and other minority american groups of colour ) could not be after dark . 
  this is race based . 
  it 's not socio-economic . 
  she 's normal . 
  her shirt is bunching around the belly bit at the front because she 's sitting , but look at her legs and arms and she 's skinny as . 
  we 're * never * there . 
  the 5 year phd sounds like it might be incorporating a masters or hons program into it before the phd . 
  i 'm in nz , so it might vary , but here you do a 3 year ba , 1 year hons ( these two make up a 4 year degree in the states ) , then you can go straight to a 3 year phd with high enough marks , or you can do a 1 year masters . 
  * the crusaders did n't ruin the super 12 , xv , or any other variant . 
  * the melbourne storm have n't ruined the nrl . 
  * the 90s bulls did n't ruin the nba . 
  neither did the celtics in the 50s ( or 60s ? ), 
  * man u , barca , celtic , bayern , real madrid , juventus have n't ruined their leagues . 
  these are all clubs , but at an international level , rugby is n't comparable to a lot of sports in terms of diversity of possible leaders . 
  football has any number of teams that challenge the top flight . 
  but , for argument 's sake :, 
  * australia has n't ruined cricket . 
  or league . 
  * america has n't ruined basketball . 
  i doubt he 's just talking about the copy pasta itself . 
  i 've seen it a hundred times before , but i 've never seen the kym page . 
  rugby has a comparable club following to basketball when you consider northern and southern competitions , and the nba being the only major basketball one . 
  i do n't know how you can argue that league has a dissimilar club following to rugby . 
  slice your tomatoes on a separate board , transfer to pizza base , cover in cheese . 
  200 \u00b0 c until the base is crisping and the cheese is melted , and most of the tomato juices will have evaporated and wo n't be soggy at all . 
  oven mitts ? 
  true !, 
  and there are still two rounds of trc so south africa can bomb even further down the rankings which will really throw things awry . 
  i just did that bit based on rankings . 
  italy is somewhere below 10th , while fiji is sitting pretty as the worst of the best . 
  no , people were saying that was a way to avoid it - they were arguing that a team like scotland in their pool would have been much better because wales ' down period was an anomaly . 
  what this shows is that a good team having a slump is n't an anomaly - france is 8th , and they have the best non-winning record in the world cup . 
  if england had n't won at ' 03 , france would have a better record than them ( they arguably have a more consistent one ) . 
  even more to the point south africa , with two world cups and historically the second most dominant team in rugby , is currently 4th in the rankings and has fallen quickly as england rose . 
  when england was knocked out , i posted [ this comment which the table above is copied from . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/rugbyunion/comments/3mi9uk/breaking_news_from_twickenham/cvfi5lh ) it used the rankings from a year before the world cup to seed the teams . 
  in that one , the pool of death was australia , ireland , and argentina - two semi finalists came from that pool , and the irish would have been the team that got screwed . 
  regardless of when the pools are seeded , teams are going to play differently at a world cup . 
  i expect eddie jones would have pulled that english team through where lancaster could n't . 
  i have a great sense of direction in that i can remember a path i 've taken ( by car or on foot ) , and can orient myself to a point of interest to find my way back . 
  i 've never tried , but i do n't think i could tell you the compass points while out wandering . 
  ( oh , and i do n't use gps , i just look at a map and memorise the route ) . 
  ah , see , i think we 're the same , but i do n't assign compass points . 
  i 'm thinking about it now and i think i could give a rough pointer of where they 'd be , but i could be off by as much as 45 degrees . 
  i 'm curious , why would 35\u00a07/8 be due to the metric system ? 
  that 's 91.12 cm which i have never heard of being a common measurement for anything . 
  it actually sounds more like a cross piece between two pieces of wood 3 feet apart . 
  like they 've ever been a problem for us there !, 
  yeah , and 1/8 of an inch sounds more likely than 9 cm/3 and a bit inches, 
  millenials are considered to be everyone born from ~ 1980-2000 , so there 's a lot of us who do know that joy, 
   i 've altered the minnows and rank 9-12 where they 've changed , e.g. 
  japan/georgia . 
  but mjollnir only procs 1 in 5 times , so that 's still 4 ( on average ) hits where you 'll lifesteal . 
  it 's not like that 's a huge loss on your lifesteal . 
  good thing being reported for not buying wards will never have consequences . 
  i 've found they 're usually quite good about taking out the t3s , but will go to fight heroes as soon as the rax is open to be attacked . 
  so now i let the idiot or two chase kills and the other sane person and i will attack the rax . 
  ranged first if we 're not that strong ( b/c it does n't heal , so you have to do permanent damage if you 're not going to be able to take the entire thing ) . 
  then refresher . 
  then ult again . 
  void was on 10 % . 
  missed him twice . 
  i 'm very confused here . 
  if i buy a $ 100 item and use 2 x 5 % discounts , are you saying i do n't get $ 5 off twice ? 
  will i get $ 5 off for the first one , and then 5 % of $ 95 off instead ? 
  it 's * exactly * like the two old dudes on brooklyn nine nine, 
  yeah , that 's what i was thinking . 
  i understood the 75 % becoming 62.5 % , and that 's something i 'd chase up . 
  i could n't figure out why the target worker thought 2 x 5 % was n't 10 % , but i guess s/he is applying it one by one , to new totals each time . 
  yeah exactly . 
  my country does n't really do stackable coupons , so this is a bit of an odd concept anyway . 
  i guess this is what that show about the coupon strategists is all about ? 
  god damn brown people looking for some form of independence after their country was colonised . 
  there 's an * enormous * difference between segregation and separatism . 
  have you read the rest of this thread ? 
  have you actually looked at the responses ? 
  or in any other of the millions of these directed at germans ?
