  totally agree , as soon as someone decides driving the bridge is smart when you 're not camped on it , i 'm deleting that person . 
  so now we 're removing points for 80 % of the game ? 
  this is stupidity . 
  probably not for him . 
  looks like he tried for ` labour economics ' twice , once he got an e. 
  i auto-matched with a squad of 3 once . 
  they were shit . 
  refused to talk ingame , did n't respond to questions , nothing . 
  we landed at water town and start looting . 
  i ran into a room where one of them appeared afk next to a k98 . 
  i asked him a few times if he was there , no reply . 
  picked up the k98 , left the room to continue . 
  minute or so later , i 'm in the water below , and he comes back . 
  asks if i picked up a k98 , and i said yes . 
  he jumps down , i ask him if he wants it back , he says yes , and shoots me in the head . 
  i went down instantly , and he started trying to kill me . 
  thing is , i was now in the water , and you ca n't shoot in the water . 
  i crawled away and he said he 'd just come back when i bled out . 
  i went round a corner , dropped the k98 and 8x i found , then crawled back into a building . 
  he came back and tried to punch me out to save on ammo . 
  could n't because crouch punching did n't work then . 
  i died , and started speccing him . 
  started laughing over microphone . 
  missing something mate ? 
  lost your k98 ? 
  he was fucking fuming . 
  served him right . 
  it was before ingame reports unfortunately . 
   turkey is the ** remnant ** of the massively powerful ottoman empire, 
  key word . 
  also , as far as progressive goes , was n't iran pretty strong in that area until the americans toppled their government ? 
  this sort of comment is exactly why i wo n't go into the reddit discord . 
  that was one game out of a few hundred auto-matches . 
  out of the others , i received several wins , made friends who i now play with daily , and generally had a lot of fun . 
  the sort of comment that seems to take joy in telling me that i was wrong to queue with auto-match . 
  and i can expect that , and i do . 
  people who join a match with auto-match selected are willingly searching for partners to play with . 
  i do n't join a game of cs , dota , or left 4 dead , and expect my teammates to ignore me . 
  the same applies here , and why should n't it ? 
  i disagree with this entirely . 
  i 've not seen anything in the show nearly as charismatic as daenerys ' speech to the unsullied back in season 3 . 
  or the ending of the season when she was carried by the slaves . 
  the depiction of the pure devotion of daenerys ' followers is fantastic , and i think they 've done the same for jon in a manner of speaking in the last season or two . 
  the north has been rallied for him , and they show similar devotion , although , more pragmatic . 
  the key difference of course , is that he has n't asked for it , where as daenerys wanted nothing but queenship . 
  still breaks bounty . 
  he 's so ridiculously strong right now that if a team is failing , he can transition to full carry off the huge amounts of track gold and turn around an enormous differential . 
  when we spawned in on the island the three of them ran to one end of the runway together . 
  when we got on the plane , they all instantly marked a drop together . 
  yes . 
  all he needs is a pickoff or two on the other team 's support , and with the bounty runes , xp books , and his xp talent , he scales quickly past level 10 . 
  how is that remotely close to super douchey, 
  to be fair , cops are really good at chokeholds and pinning arms , so they 're probably going to be able to see the veins a lot better than that nurse you 've got whose too afraid to assault you to draw your blood . 
   wholesale , self-checkout abortion superstores, 
  could be handy though . 
  new export ? 
  late term abortions are only ever done with medical reasoning behind them . 
  [ this woman 's fetus ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/news/what-kind-of-mother-is-8-months-pregnant-and-117104430132.html ) was having constant seizures in the womb , was going to be born with substantial portions of its brain missing , and would be dependent on care from birth for however long it managed to survive . 
  perfectly reasonable for her to consider abortion . 
  * would you like a receipt ? 
  i think she has a bit more substance though , given her history in youth politics prior to entering parliament . 
  key only had investment banking , which while potentially making an admirable cv for a finance minister , does n't exactly recommend itself to pm . 
  because top is polling nowhere near 5 % . 
  but kiwis whose parents have lived and worked in australia paying taxes do n't get the same rights as aussies . 
  kiwis who live , work , and pay tax in australia do n't get the same rights as aussies . 
  * please choose the number of bags required , or , if you are providing your own bags *, 
  why should we spend more tax dollars on aussies when aussies do n't hold their end of the bargain and do it for us ? 
  i 'm all about the state supporting people , but if we have a deal in place where both countries work together , we should n't continue it while aussie fucks us . 
  that money could be better spent on housing , healthcare , refugees , education , or any of the other issues we currently have . 
  so the idea of ` race ' developed as a way for european philosophers and scientists to accurately classify humans that had different appearances . 
  the standard groups were caucasian ( white ) , african ( black ) , asian ( yellow ) , and native american ( red ) . 
  they were considered to be the same species , but at different levels of development , meaning some were `` superior '' to others . 
  then , race was used to justify other things , like slavery , imperialism , and mass murder . 
  you see , if some races were naturally better than others , then god must have made them that way . 
  so africans were considered naturally made to serve europeans and this justified slavery . 
  native americans ( and this included south america ) were actually considered worse than africans for a time , which resulted in the spanish conquest murdering hundreds of thousands of people with the excuse that `` it would bring them closer to god '' - they were doing the natives a service . 
  given that race was constructed to give certain groups an advantage over others , it seems likely that the same thing would have occurred if homo flores , neanderthals , and the others had all survived together . 
  someone would have seen a chance for exploitation and used it . 
  perhaps one of those would have been more sneaky about it , and we 'd be the ones with the short end of the stick . 
  there are oars on the boats already . 
  i think we should be able to use them if we run out of fuel . 
  whereas i do n't know any oce players who actually like fpp . 
  we really need vehicle on vehicle damage and physics upgrades, 
  i 'm gon na say that the crazy girl i went on one date with does n't constitute an ex , so you 're not alone !, 
  i think this is the first one of these i 've seen make it to all where i could n't even begin to work out what the actual intended message was, 
  that 's part of it . 
  i 'd say the bigger part is the misconception that undocumented immigrants are non-contributors , or fuck , that they 're not a vital part of the economy . 
  if he ca n't back up his statement with a `` yes , that is true '' without a qualifying statement then he does n't have a point . 
  why should we be helping america wage unjust wars ? 
  he 's not . 
  logical look at it :, 
  steven joyce says there is an 11.7 billion dollar hole in labour 's finance policy . 
  if things have changed from the first point , he can say `` yes , but ... '', 
  however , labour have n't changed their policy , they 've just said steven is lying . 
  so if labour have n't changed their policy , but something has changed , it 's steven 's understanding of the policy . 
  if steven did n't understand the policy in the first place , he was wrong , and should say he made a mistake . 
  if he did understand it , he was lying , and should admit it . 
  have you considered that most of us who prefer tpp to fpp are actually experienced fps players who find pubg 's version of it slightly less than great ? 
  disregard this pubg people , no we do n't . 
  we just have n't had the server matchmaking times that you seem to think we 've had .
