  a light tank took one hit from an at , but a heavy took 2-3 . 
  a tank gunner could mow down infantry , but a sniper/engy could headshot him from a way out . 
  they did at least twice , but since the action was called ` the second persian invasion of greece ' , i 'm going to make an educated guess that the greeks defeated the persians sometime during that first invasion too . 
  in this series of battles though , the greek navy won at the battle of salamis , and xerxes retreated with a large part of his army . 
  he left a sizeable number behind to finish conquering greece , and that army got destroyed a year later at the battle of plataea . 
  but they did win the war - the battle of marathon ended the first persian invasion , and the battle of plataea ended the second . 
  after those , the persians were forced out of greece , and eventually , out of europe . 
   or tats that insure you 're fucked for life should you ever decide to take a job that withholds taxes . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  with this win , the lakers will be having their most successful season in awhile . 
  i did n't get the ` job that withholds taxes ' bit either . 
  is that a certain type of job in the us where some tattoos might be even more frowned upon ? 
  god damn sweden , this is some good logic coming through . 
  yeah , but they were n't made today , which means that is a * very * high bar to judge films by , and it 's one that not many make it over . 
  this is easily solved by not watching bad films . 
  ah cheers . 
  it sounded like a weird phrase , and i was n't sure what it meant . 
   you can be dismissive of it , but that does n't change the fact that people who have seen the world in a different way than it 's normally perceived , will have a unique perspective that those who 've never taken the drugs have never , and can never experience without them . 
  you 'll never be pregnant . 
  you 'll never have to give up your body for 9 months if you accidentally get pregnant , or are raped . 
   come at me bro . 
  lmao , what the fuck is this ? 
   your statement also implies that getting pregnant is n't normal . 
  no it does n't . 
   i can still understand the rights being discussed and which rights are valued more than others . 
  you can understand the rights being discussed , but how can you understand which ones are more valuable if you 'll never be in a position to have to choose one ? 
  you literally said that it 's impossible to discount different perceptions , and now you 're telling me that your opinion is equal to that of a woman in this debate . 
  newsflash : it 's not . 
  the only person who should get to make a decision , or hold an opinion that carries weight , should be the woman who is pregnant . 
  no one else has any claim to her body . 
  cool , thanks for that . 
  my friend is a lawyer and he is fully inked over chest and arms , but he designed them so that they all ended an inch above cuffs , and below the collar of a workshirt . 
  how does a fetus have any claim on someone else 's body ? 
  yeah that sounds like term that would apply to him !, 
  appreciate your answers mate, 
  scotty got a case of the beaudens . 
  who the fuck is scott eade and where is fletcher smith, 
  it 's aight guys , i already lost last man standing based on this dismal performance, 
  i listened to the first half on the radio , can anyone tell me what the deal was with the harbour try that the commentators reckoned was out ? 
  this post needs to be higher . 
  this was just protocol to protect the integrity of comey and the fbi . 
  it * does not * mean they have found die hard evidence . 
  it * does not * mean the case is suddenly open again . 
  as the article says , it just means that `` evidence that has not yet been examined needs to be reviewed '' * because he said he had done it already . 
  yes it would . 
  he 's not a threat to them now , because the event has happened . 
  he was a threat to them before the event occurred . 
  therefore , the tweet is saying if they did that sort of thing , they would have offed him awhile back , before this materialised . 
  [ read this . 
  ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/fbi-reviewing-more-clinton-emails-514825 ), 
  comey testified under oath in congress that he had reviewed all material relevant to the investigation . 
  comey now has new information . 
  comey has not reviewed all material . 
  so comey must now tell congress that , or else he is perjuring himself . 
  [ scene in question ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68jltwieubk ) . 
  the benefit was eu membership . 
   since brexit , our gdp has grown 0.5 % ( most said it would fall through the floor ) . 
  global businesses such as nissan , airbus , jcb , jml and many others have committed to post-brexit investment and business operation . 
  the chinese economy is growing at 8 % and they 're unhappy because * it 's slow . 
  * nissan said they 'd continue operating in the uk because the government promised a bailout if it goes tits up . 
  but ignore those , my question , if you choose to come and answer it , is this : did you think about ireland at all when you cast your ballot ? 
  did you consider that by voting for brexit , you would be voting for a land border that would serve to create a phsyical division in a country already troubled by division ? 
  that you would be voting to potentially upend an uneasy peace that took thirty years of war to acquire ? 
  i do n't think you 're necessarily a racist , or a moron , but i have n't seen anyone give a satisfactory answer to this question yet , so i 'd be interested in hearing from you . 
  you have kazakhstan in all three versions . 
  i 'm not sure how you think this quote applies here . 
  she thought it showed a skewed view of her family because the photographer 's caption said that she had just sold her tires to pay for food - which she had n't . 
  she was painted as being a starving matriarch in poverty because she was discovered at a labourers camp where 3000 people had no employment or food . 
  but she was just passing through , and her and her husband had been working enough to pay for food for their children , as well as still own their car ( and the tires on it ) . 
  the photo is good , and it did good in the world ( the starving 3000 people were supplied with federal aid within days ) , but it 's a misleading image . 
  i actually remember being given one of these arguments on `` social welfare in the 30s - should the state provide it or not ? '', 
  it was in a history of social welfare class , in a country that takes pride in its social welfare position ( or it did take pride ) , and no one in the class wanted to argue against it because we could simply find no logic for the government to not help starving children in the depression era . 
  i 'll preface this with two points : i 'm not religious , and i 'm not against the legalisation of marijuana . 
  a few months back , i had a conversation with a highly educated man , prominent in his community , and who i respect greatly . 
  i 'm white , he 's indigenous . 
  my parents had seen him on the news the night before , saying that marijuana legalisation was n't necessarily a good thing . 
  i found this surprising , as he 's a very informed man , who is also a supporter of lgbt groups , women 's groups , and pot seemed like a logical platform for him to support . 
  i asked him about it , and he said ( paraphrased ) , `` white people do n't always get it with marijuana . 
  yes , it 's ok for the majority of them to use . 
  but when there are different socio-economic factors at play , our communities get hurt by it more than white communities . '', 
  his point was that where access to economic power is less , the introduction of legal marijuana is more dangerous . 
  it 's sort of like a flat tax rate : 10 % of $ 2,000 a week hits a lot less than 10 % of $ 400 a week . 
  and when you introduce a drug that , while not addictive , is something that people do like to have , it cuts into the budget that they have for living . 
  it 's the same effect as alcohol . 
  the only positive that marijuana legalisation has for poorer communities is reducing the criminal risks , but at the same time , it poses a large economic hazard to them . 
  so under sharia law , that practice carried the death penalty . 
  your point ? 
  transferrable voting wo n't work unless the entire system of elections is overhauled . 
  it works in other countries because the head of the winning party becomes the leader , but america runs two houses and a separate election entirely for president . 
  imagine if he 'd had loaded bases :(, 
  lot better than down 5 !, 
  i mean , i have no further opinion on this . 
  what was said to me came from an educated person in a minority community , who worries about the effects that this would have on his community . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , that carries more weight than my opinion , or that of any middle class person that just wants to smoke legally . 
   later , the suit states , the manager returned mccombs ' paperwork and claimed that her disability and need for a service animal could not be confirmed because her letter from a doctor was missing a date and a certificate confirming jake 's graduation had to be dated within the previous year . 
  the manager was being a pedantic twat . 
  i felt uncomfortable just reading that article . 
  he actually * laughed * at her because she was upset and told him what he was doing was wrong . 
  she had a medical professional 's letter . 
  she had a certificate confirming the dog was qualified .
