  [ tearaway is still a thing ] ( http://tearaway.co.nz/ ), 
   there are lots of reasons related to the stupidity of giving them a state, 
  i do n't know if you intended it this way , but this statement comes across quite badly . 
  mainly because you 're making a factual statement about why there are tensions in the middle east , but you 're referring to israelis as `` them '' and referencing stupidity . 
  neither of which makes your point sound reasonable . 
  the phrasing of it , particularly `` stupidity of giving them a state '' , just sounds plain anti-semitic . 
  it sounds anti-semitic because the only group of people mentioned is the jewish people , but you refer to the `` stupidity '' . 
  if you 'd said , `` the stupidity of western european governments giving the jewish people a state '' , it 'd sound fine . 
  israel was a region a long time ago . 
  it only became a state in 1947 , but it most definitely existed before then , hence the jewish connection to the region . 
  it 's not a commonly known fact . 
  the way you said it omits blame of the british and other governments and places it on the population of israel . 
  i do n't have a misunderstanding of terms , i just used one standard term because otherwise this becomes confusing . 
  as for whether or not those terms are interchangeable , they are in this context as we 're talking about jews , which is what the israelites were , and what the israelis of the 40s and 50s were , so it 's all the same . 
  / u/sowser has a pretty good explanation , but i 'd also suggest that there is another reason it pops up : guilt and/or shame amongst the white population . 
  in the history of the americas , the biggest atrocities are those perpetrated by white settlers against indigenous peoples , and slavery . 
  both of these are the result of europeans , who also make up a majority of the population today in north america . 
  the consequences of slavery and colonization are long term and are still seen today . 
  however , whenever one of these things is brought up , the frequent response is `` get over it , it happened 200 years ago ! '', 
  or `` i never kept slaves !, 
  and you never were one ! '', 
  and variants thereof . 
  they are used in an attempt to remove a party from a position of responsibility for these acts . 
  the concepts of irish slavery pop up as a neat little excuse : `` well white people were slaves too , but you do n't see us doing x , y , or z '' . 
  it allows a white american to brush off or ignore ( i hate the use of the following word , but it fits ) privilege that you gain , merely by being white . 
  so , why is this needed to be ignored/brushed off ? 
  because people like to think that they work hard for what they have . 
  generally , they do . 
  but if someone works hard all their life , and end up as the ceo of a fortune 500 company , and then get told that they 're privileged because they 're white , they might take offence because their hard work is being ignored . 
  instinctively they want to say , `` no , i 'm not privileged , i worked hard for this . '', 
  in actuality , they are both privileged * and * hardworking . 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  but people do n't like to admit that , because to do so means they have to think about a nasty part of history which they 'd rather forget . 
  this is the case in a lot of post-colonial nations . 
  new zealand for example , has a lot of racist incidents in the past , but people do n't like to refer to them . 
  a good example of this is [ parihaka ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parihaka ) . 
  peaceful resistance to british land seizures resulted in british troops forcibly removing some 1600 maori from their homes , before destroying the houses and fields . 
  many of the people were removed to the south island - a separate tribal region - and remained there several years . 
  if these , and other atrocities against maori are brought up , the inevitable response is either one i listed above ( `` it happened years ago , get over it !, 
  '' ) , or a balancing act is invoked : `` yeah , well maori used to kill people and eat them !, 
  '' , bringing another atrocity to the argument . 
  either way , the experience of a group of people is pushed aside , in order for a more friendly , and easier-to-live-with narrative to survive . 
  key point : i would n't call these people racist . 
  i would think that they 're uncomfortable with history , and are n't aware of the benefits that they accrue by being white , or the disadvantages that others receive by not being white . 
  more to the point , they 're unable to say , `` yeah , i have some benefits of being white , which made my hard work easier . '', 
  because it 's been thrown around so often in the last few years without proper explanation that it 's become a joke . 
  people refer to straight , white , male , and other privileges , but never adequately explained them . 
  the result was a repeat of what i said i think happens in my first post : people ignore it , brush it off , or make light of it , and in doing so , have reduced the meaning of the word to a joke . 
  people used `` check your privilege '' as a catchphrase . 
  the unfortunate thing is that it suits the situation perfectly . 
  it 's just been overused/misused so often that it no longer holds weight . 
  even that would n't work . 
  if you were to use advantage , it would be taken to mean that white people were naturally better than others , or men better than women . 
  privilege is the perfect word , it 's just been ruined . 
  i guess we 'll have to continue using it and wait for the dying down of its misuse . 
  i recognise catscratch from your image , but i do n't remember watching it as a regular thing . 
  also did n't know the name of it until now . 
  oriental is n't really acceptable anywhere . 
  it just refers to anything east of europe , i.e. 
  asia . 
  to refer to someone as an oriental is reducing an entire continent of different cultures to one grouping that is based not on geographical location alone , but geographical location in relation to europe . 
  it 's a european term , used by europeans alone , and it should be dropped . 
  asian on the other hand , while still grouping , is a reference to people from that continent , and as such is far more acceptable . 
  oriental is an antiquated term , much like negro . 
  [ here 's a link on it . 
  ] ( http://racerelations.about.com/od/understandingrac1/a/racialnamestoavoid.htm ), 
  hey look , they went and put the year beast back on a 14 minute timer so you can play it when the servers are back up !, 
  damn , maybe you should just take a second to breathe before you complain . 
  my timezone is a horrible one for these amas , so sorry for the late response . 
  i 'm not sure on your drug trade question , so i 'll try get back to you on that later - either via this thread or a pm . 
  as for the black panther party , it is a difficult history to look at . 
  if you think back to why the party was started , it was to fight against police brutality in oakland . 
  the early panthers were turning up to arrests and interactions between police officers and community members , and reading out the rights of the public , * while wielding guns * . 
  it was all very open , and legal . 
  it was n't violent . 
  it was african americans availing themselves of the full legal protection of the constitution - something which white americans had been doing , and would continue to do , for years . 
  as well as that , the panthers ran their community programs that / u/falafel1066 described , which were enormously important . 
  not only did they aim to do this for the community , but within the party itself they had measures in place to provide for the best possible lifestyle for their members . 
  from robyn spencer 's ` inside the panther revolution ' :, 
   they created a health cadre whose job included keeping track of ill comrades and children , ad tracking epidemics of the flu and other contagious illnesses that could spread quickly in a collective living situation . 
  they also aimed to make sure all members were properly clothed , that living areas were sanitary and maintained , and introduced policies for both planned parenthood and expectant mothers . 
  in short , the party was entirely focused on the well being of its members , and the members of the wider community . 
  what 's also important is that this was n't all limited to the black community . 
  the panthers ran candidates in local government elections in oakland , with their policies focusing on social policy for the poor of all ethnicities . 
  while their campaign platforms were admirable , they were not successful in the mayoral election . 
  bobby seale received 45,000 votes ( 37 % ) , showing that engaging the community politically could be effective in mobilising black voters . 
  this was a continuation of the crm efforts over the past decades - getting african americans involved in politics . 
  so to conclude , i do n't think that the legacy of the panthers was meant to be one of violence - although that 's how it 's ended up . 
  they 're remembered as militant black men who caused trouble , but this is largely a media portrayal absorbed into a collective memory . 
  it does n't do justice at all to the party . 
  my mum likes to say `` people will remember the bad things , and forget the good '' which describes this perfectly . 
  a final thought on this question - the ` master narrative ' of the crm , which i quoted [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2r60o5/the_civil_rights_movement_made_martin_luther_king/ ) , ends with the telling lines , `` inexplicably , just as the civil rights victories were piling up , many african americans , under the banner of black power , turned their backs on american society . '', 
  black power was the rise of self belief in the black community , and it was the reason some movements expelled their white members . 
  the panthers were a part of the black power movement , which advocated black people taking control of the protests , movements , and communities . 
  i think this contributes heavily to the movement being ostracised by the media , and within popular memory . 
  the panthers , and other groups like theirs who emphasised black nationalism , were seen to be a part of a group that had advocated or equality , but was now separating itself from america . 
  a hypocritical route from the mainstream ( white america ) point of view . 
  what mainstream america largely failed to recognised was the difference between segregation and separation : one divided a population , while the second allowed freedom to move between the two communities . 
  i 'm going to assume that by `` early '' , you mean the early years of the ` classic ' movement in the mid 20th century . 
  falafel posted a great link to an argument for a long civil rights movement , which is what i 've always preferred .
