   what i do n't get is the glee the rest of the world takes in their misfortune . 
  my reply even ended with :, 
   so really , there 's a bit of glee , because someone had to go , and wales is the darling , and the english talked themselves up . 
  but it 's also mostly good natured sledging . 
  god knows we copped it when the abs dived out in 07 . 
   nz tabloids are just as shitty - glass houses eh . 
  go on , give an example . 
   one redditor does n't have a mandate to represent anyone apart from himself, 
  yet when i say something about a select portion of english fans you take it as a personal offence . 
  either you 're a hypocrite , or you were one of the people booing at the weekend . 
   i know a few england fans that were at eden park for the last england tour out there and had piss thrown on them, 
  that sucks , and i 'm sorry it happened . 
  but how does it fit in here ? 
  as far as i see , you 're avoiding answering the question . 
  do you not agree that people that boo their own captain , their own team , are scum ? 
  i do n't see how irb ticketing systems make your fans into fairweathers that turn on their own team . 
  did you happen to make it through downtown on the opening/closing nights ? 
  it was definitely two of the best nights i could imagine in auckland . 
  this youtube channel got quite a bit of it , pretty amazing . 
  [ the main street of auckland practically shut down on the opening night - the tongan population turned out in huge numbers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87g_tfekw_u ), 
  [ day and night of the final ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxy206iefuo ), 
  so many people turned out for it , i think it was something like 200,000 in downtown alone . 
  of course not , it 's for the good of the sport really . 
  do n't you hate it when the short arses try to sidle up to your 7 foot club ? 
  are you talking about the bakkies clearout on richie ? 
  because that was malicious ( he threw an elbow ) , whereas hooper 's was just over-enthusiastic and reckless . 
  this is n't the sledging thread mate !, 
  slapped him round the back of the head i think . 
  the irony is that ~ ~ mike brown is so far offside he should be wearing a gold jersey . 
  if they had waited and appealed , there should have been a penalty for aussie . ~ ~ this comment was so wrong it should be hidden by the vote threshold . 
  he was the original tackler , but that 's not shown in the gif . 
  he just looks like he 's entering from the side . 
  [ poi e ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqluygs0iaq ) because it 's so light hearted compared to the haka !, 
  ah , i was n't trying to reason with you more , i agreed . 
  just wanted to see if you had gotten a taste !, 
  wales should n't give too many points for a win . 
  i 'm sure australia will be sorted soon enough , 
  bakkies really does get around . 
  i think we 'd be more concerned by the four horsemen riding through cardiff , 
  nah , but seriously , i think maybe 88.5 ? 
  i ca n't imagine wales and aussie would swap positions . 
  there is a calculator for this somewhere though . 
  getting drawn into arguments with a few pricks is n't anti-english bigotry . 
  i quite like the english actually . 
  if scotland move past england , england will be 9th . 
  that means that theoretically , england could be in a pool with nz and ireland , or nz and france , or rsa and france , or wales and ireland . 
  any combination really . 
  shit i am . 
  bakkies was the headbutt on cowan . 
  man , those saffa locks have a lot to answer for, 
  did aussie win or lose those ? 
  fiji beat all three tier 1 nations scrums from memory . 
  i think having ledesma there has paid off , because the wallabies have changed their style so that infringements by the other team can be spotted easily , and so that they have a stronger scrum purely on physics alone ( driving straight  driving crooked ) . 
  you 're not meant to know that , that 's just to keep kiwis at home unworried :(, 
  ** expected more from them , including a 2nd place . 
  * ** ireland . 
  ** the italy game was not emphatic . 
  i think they can make the finals , but their first game against mildly competent opponents was a struggle . 
  * ** france . 
  ** purely because i 'm forgetting they 're even in this world cup . 
  * i wo n't say england , because i do n't think england were disappointing . 
  they played two tough opponents , and they lost . 
  it happens , but it 's only disappointing for those looking at it from a fan perspective . 
  for everyone else , it should be recognised as a realistic outcome of tier 1 teams playing each other . 
  the only disappointing part of their game was electing to forego the penalty in the welsh game . 
  * likewise , i wo n't say new zealand , because their play has been uncharacteristic , and you ca n't just change the way 30 people play a sport in the space of a month . 
  funny , the picture posted underneath says that the coach needs to knock the arrogance out , and stop the drinking . 
  exactly the problem graham henry had with the all blacks when he took over . 
  either that , or cheika wanted to test out some different players and see how they responded under the spotlight at eden park . 
  remember his comments on quade ? 
  `` oh , they have a problem with him ? 
  did n't know that . '', 
  he knew it would be a pressure game , so he saw how they responded . 
  was n't nic white the half that came on in the final minutes at sydney and scored a great try ? 
  and nick phipps is the moron that threw two balls that lost australia 50m last week ? 
  why was phipps selected over white ? 
  you say that like it 's not exactly what is going to happen !, 
  do you want to win the game or just watch your players molest something for 80 minutes ? 
  england 's playing who now ? 
  i think you missed a word . 
  i * hope * you missed a word . 
  they 've not been playing like they usually do . 
  they 're using the pool matches as warmups and testers . 
  the only real worries are dc 's kicking against georgia ( two of the misses were from the bad side of the field and he got the third , so not a huge panic even then ) , and the huge amount of dropped balls . 
  but for example , throughout the rugby championship , and his career , dan carter kicked for territory . 
  we 're talking big kicks from 22 to 22 . 
  it was n't happening through the pool games . 
  they wanted ball in hand to practice with . 
  it 's no use playing a training game where you do n't have the ball . 
  pretty much this . 
  i read it , agreed , then did a double take . 
  hahaha, 
  we put the welsh in them to transport them to the hospital after the game . 
  there are 9 ( good , sorry italy ) tier 1 teams . 
  england , wales , australia , new zealand , ireland , france , argentina , south africa , scotland . 
  one pool will ** always ** have three tier 1s . 
  it 's not fudged at all though . 
  there are 4 pools , and ~ 9 tier 1 teams . 
  there 's always going to be a difficult pool . 
  ** the only reason anyone is complaining this time is because two of the home nations are in the same pool and are in for a struggle .
