  i hope it 's not on their end , but everyone replying in here seems to be a spark customer . 
   the m\u0101ori language commission was set up under the m\u0101ori language act 1987 to promote the use of m\u0101ori as a living language and as an ordinary means of communication . 
  they promote the language , which includes having it taught properly , and correcting misuse of it i.e. 
  mispronunciations in a widely accessed medium . 
  that seems meaningful to me , but maybe you have a different opinion on speaking correctly . 
  i 've always heard it as sigh-monds . 
  i have a feeling ( not confirmed ) that jervois road in ponsonby is named after [ this bloke ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_jervois#governor_of_new_zealand ) which would mean it should be pronounced `` jarvis road '' . 
  yeah , the * really * good producers are the ones who convince you that percentages do add like regular numbers . 
  * why is it starting from the on position *, 
  just wanted to say i see these on the frontpage every now and then , and usually skip over them unless i see the `` creation gif '' comment . 
  you make it look so easy , but it 's still such high quality !, 
  i would legitimately be holding my breath and waiting for him to make some dumbass statement i could tell people about . 
  you could probably do it for $ 40 if you go looking outside the needle exchange, 
  i mean , you 're supposed to wipe between entering the back and the front . 
  the pope has said that governments have a duty to give aid to the poor . 
  he 's also said that gay people should be embraced by the church because it 's not his or anyone else 's place to judge the choices of another human . 
  i mean , the ones that inherit the throne are kinda fucked . 
  other countries elect or appoint their head of state , and it 's normally for a set period . 
  the royals go in and are there until they die or decide they 've served an appropriate amount of time . 
  abdications are rare because it 's seen as duty . 
  yeah , you get the luxurious life , and i bet it 's fantastic . 
  but at the same time , your career is predetermined for you as an official mannequin . 
  prince phillip married into it and did `` 22,000 solo engagements '' over 70 years . 
  yeah he got the good life , and the engagements offer free food and other rich snooty people to joke about with , but hell , i 'd want to say fuck off and have a year where i just did nothing with that sort of wealth . 
  he 's retiring at 96 , which is some insanely long `` work `` life . 
  thanks for the suggestion , mine actually started working again after leaving it for 12 hours or so . 
  dunno what it was !, 
  coldplay has stated it 's about a king who lost his kingdom , i.e. 
  half the royals in history . 
  it tells puyi 's story , but it 's not about puyi , per se . 
  i do n't have a clue why , but this comment just dragged out some memory in my head suggesting that leopard meat is bitter and sour tasting . 
  i * think * it 's from a book , but whether it 's fiction or non-fiction i do n't recall , and i do n't even know if it was actually leopards they were talking about . 
  in short , this is a fifty word comment that means fuck all . 
   and if you can catch and throw with accuracy you 'll be a handy fielder . 
  and if he ca n't , he can always play at left right out !, 
  wonder how many poor people drive teslas, 
  this is the solution i think . 
  on spark , made a thread about it yesterday . 
  worked fine from 1am onwards . 
  the herald has been a class-interest paper since its inception . 
  do n't expect it to change anytime soon . 
  i marked mid yesterday after we already had two picks for offlane and jungle , because i thought everyone had had time to pick . 
  next second , someone picks shadow fiend , marks mid , and says he 's going mid because he 's sick of shit mids losing it . 
  another guy says let sf go mid , because sf has the highest mmr in the game . 
  this was 2k . 
  he was 25 mmr higher than me . 
  what are people supposed to do in games like that where we 're shown that no one on our team cares about playing with us from the very get go ? 
  they only want to play with themselves . 
  rubick is my anti-tilt , because even if you 're getting wrecked you 've still got their spells !, 
  the reason is probably because he wanted to run on a democratic ticket and he knew if he had socialist first he 'd lose even harder than he did . 
  it 's for politics . 
  norway does n't have a two party system , they have multiple parties . 
  a party needs to have 51 % to rule , or needs other parties to join it to make 51 % total . 
  this is called a coalition . 
  in some elections none of the parties reach 51 % alone , and when they form coalitions , they might still be short . 
  if this happens , it means there is a party outside the coalitions which has got more of the vote . 
  so if the right-coalition has 45 % , and the left-coalition has 43 % , there is still 12 % missing . 
  in this case , that could be rasmus hansson and the greens . 
  hansson can then decide to go with the right , and take them to 57 % , or with the left , and take them to 55 % . 
  either choice would create a government , making hansson the kingmaker . 
  stuff like this shows the difference between the servers too . 
  i 'm on oce , ranked just outside the top 100 , and i 've not seen anyone like this . 
  the most suspicious person i 've seen was a guy who pinged me in the top 10 in two games , but i checked boards and he 's # 5 . 
  i 'm kidding ? 
  i have n't seen anything . 
  not once . 
  that 's my experience . 
  fancy shoes . 
   i see this talked about sometimes like poll tests were unfair because blacks were n't educated enough for them . 
  that 's not true . 
  hang on , this is wrong . 
  it absolutely was a case of education at times . 
  in the 1920s and 30s , the most basic test given was to read out the first part of an official document like the constitution . 
  this was n't achievable for a lot of rural black people because they were n't literate . 
  they would go to register and be failed because they could n't do the test . 
  some `` cheated '' and memorised it beforehand , while others went to special voter schools that were set up by black activists . 
  this is where the comment above goes wrong . 
  these tests were beatable by education , but the people administering the tests reserved the right to bring out new tests , which increased in difficulty . 
  new words , new problems to solve , more difficult texts . 
  the example i love to give is of one black woman in the american south who passed several tests before failing because she was asked to read out a copy of the constitution written in mandarin . 
  tl ; dr the tests were voter suppression that initially preyed on the lack of education , and gradually developed in response to black voter education initiatives to be more difficult . 
  who do you think the most illiterate groups are ? 
  hint : it 's not white people . 
  i 'm at 300 hours . 
  reckon it 's probably a timing thing too - less players spread over the time difference from nz to perth probably means we have less chance of encounters . 
  i missed the previous iteration of this with the young tory chaps , but i had a quick look at what they were saying and what these guys were . 
  major difference : the tory lads were talking about chavs and eugenics , while the labour boys are talking about killing a house of tory flatmates . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say that making jokes about killing unpleasant tory flatmates is a twat thing to do , but is not * quite * at the same level of horrible that recommending eugenics for a section of society is . 
  who here has complained about wanting to knock off a flatmate ? 
  now , who here has made jokes about the lower classes referencing genocide ? 
  it 's all stupid , but one 's clearly worse . 
  free speech should n't give you the right to make another person feel unsafe with your speech . 
  me yelling `` get out all muslims '' is n't fair to muslim people walking by who will understandably wonder if this is a lone speaker or a thought shared by many . 
  only problem with this is that you 're using two radical groups . 
  when the majority of society , which is non-radical , wants fascists to stop spouting off about the supremacy of the white race , what then ? 
   i 'm not a tory - i find both labour and the conservatives equally shit choices . 
  this is always an indicator of fun beliefs to come, 
  i do n't understand the point of your comment at all . 
  no one has tried to restrict academic studies on minority groups , probably because they 're a lot less shallow than `` this group commits crimes , tell them to fuck off '' . 
  that 's more the domain of the sun or the daily mail .
