  who 's kicking ? 
  it 's been 9 months , give it up . 
   i 'm glad to hear that , i find some of the pro-eu comments on here extremely disturbing . 
  huh ? 
   we will be able to focus on keeping a homogeneous british culture and identity , rather than succumbing to outside pressures in some areas . 
   with the british people in mind . 
  what 's a british person look like jim, 
  driving across lough neagh and pushing through to the coast might be better . 
  split 'em up, 
  he 's saying the opposite : they are ironic , but people do n't get that and complain anyway . 
  the only one i ever remember is `` it 's like rain on your wedding day '' . 
  rain on the wedding day is supposed to be a sign of good luck . 
  but rain on your wedding day is also a nightmare for a large number of bridal parties because they have an outdoor wedding or reception , and rain can be a bit of a downer . 
  so the irony is that rain on your wedding day can ruin the wedding ( hair gets fucked , everyone 's damp/cold ) but while it does that it 's a sign of good luck . 
   hastings says that netflix is `` weighing in against '' changing the current rules ,, 
  netflix will be voicing an opinion against rule changes . 
   but that `` it 's not our primary battle at this point '' and, 
  it 's not the main thing we 're fighting for , but it is one of the fights . 
   `` we do n't have a special vulnerability to it . '', 
  we 're not affected by it as much as other companies . 
  that 's all pretty clear . 
  i swear to god the number was 60 % yesterday, 
  think you meant interior but great pun !, 
  anthony eden 's tenure was pretty quick, 
  that 's not in that article ? 
  and that does make a bit of sense . 
  netflix being at the forefront of this fight can be dismissed by politicians as `` you 're too big , it wo n't matter ! '', 
  when little companies will be affected . 
  the little ones need to speak up , i.e. 
  carry the water, 
  and ironically the ira disarmed by 2005 , while ulster paras were still doing it in 2009 . 
  this assumes that most people are the ones who would restart the problems . 
  the paramilitary groups were always quite small , but it only takes a few to set it all off . 
  fish 'n' chips place, 
  implying that kids in inner city schools are animals is certainly one way to get them to feel like society has n't written them off !, 
  i see the point of your comment , but do you think a white dude making these jokes is the same as an asian kid ? 
  ireland beat the all blacks, 
  jezza made a 20 point comeback, 
  moonlight won best picture, 
  depends on whether you want those kids to think that they can make something of themselves or if you want them to go on acting out . 
  usually you ca n't , so there must be some sort of caveat . 
  tbh , i think players who fit world rugby regulations to play for tonga , samoa , and fiji should be allowed to make themselves available for selection to other sides e.g. 
  nz and australia , without losing the ability to play for their home union . 
  i see no reason to allow countries to play an all black or wallaby for three tests then say `` oh we 've had enough '' and ruin the international career . 
  edit : [ here it is ] ( http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/307640/sport-pacific-nations-hopeful-of-changes-to-rugby%27s-eligibility-laws ) . 
  tim nanai-williams and cooper vuna were both able to swap allegiances because they had dual passports . 
   that loophole was introduced especially for the rio olympics and offered players who have represented one country at sevens or senior level the chance to switch allegiance to another nation , provided they had a passport for the second country . 
  hey how about we try and be a mite funnier with our jokes than using sexist lines from a century ago ? 
  some of the biggest rugby fans i know are women , and personally , i 'm all for an inclusive community rather than one trying to act like a boy 's club . 
  lol . 
  for the third one , lazy runners are n't breaking rules unless they interfere . 
  webb 's at fault there . 
  and on the fourth one ( offside in ruck ) naholo gets blocked out by two lions runners , but liam does n't mind that does he . 
  anyway , the infringement was a knock on because a lions player dropped it while clearing out - not a ruck anymore . 
  explained below :, 
   the only one i ever remember is `` it 's like rain on your wedding day '' . 
  rain on the wedding day is supposed to be a sign of good luck . 
  but rain on your wedding day is also a nightmare for a large number of bridal parties because they have an outdoor wedding or reception , and rain can be a bit of a downer . 
  so the irony is that rain on your wedding day can ruin the wedding ( hair gets fucked , everyone 's damp/cold ) but while it does that it 's a sign of good luck . 
  5:1 at the tab on tonga !, 
  worth a dollar for an upset i reckon, 
  that 's a photo of a woman throwing someone 's clothes off a fire escape . 
  it 's not necessarily sexist - just saying that op watches too much rugby . 
  world rugby loophole that allowed some islander players to change allegiance for the olympics, 
  uh , left arm went round and gripped , and right would have too if the welsh player had n't bent over first . 
  nothing wrong with it !, 
  it 's the same reason tim nanai-williams is playing for samoa tonight after playing for nz 7s a few years back . 
  clarke 's third law, 
   any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic . 
  there 's no way of explaining * how * the cloning worked , so it constitutes magic , for both the viewer , and the fictional audience . 
  even on the british sky stream the panel is dominated by kiwis !, 
  james gemmell 's come a long way from tv3 late night sports coverage, 
  it might push out the odds for the lions games at least !, 
  it 's a job where you get paid to dodge a blitzkrieg, 
  nah , if an all black did that to a lion we 'd get a 10 minute youtube video explaining why refs are biased towards nz, 
  what ? 
  it 's true . 
  it was around the neck , so penalty . 
  not a rubbish call at all . 
  sbw controlling that ball and throwing an offload to beauden 's foot was the best part of that by faaaaaaaaaaar, 
  aaron smith : fucking hell man, 
  i thought it was `` fucking hell '' because he was annoyed he had to cover for whoever dropped it , and thought he was getting blown for being out, 
  i 'm probably one of his biggest detractors , and even i think he 's great . 
  my problem is his goal kicking and composure , both of which have been fine tonight !, 
  alb sealed his slot . 
  naholo/dagg for wings i reckon , unless hansen wants to persist with savea on the hope that he does something . 
  still prefer sbw to crotty , and smith to perenara . 
  i 'd rather have savea at halfback than perenara tbh . 
  do n't think we 've had them since wilson/cullen were the backline ? 
  some time around 99 ? 
  aaron 's throwing the game for the under-50 margin crowd, 
  yeah i feel like he has n't done 46 tries worth , but he 's got them . 
  rokocoko was a workhorse for every one of his , and howlett too . 
  cullen did n't work for any of them , he was just magic . 
  57min , first break in play . 
  that 's when all the subs go . 
  ( perenara obstructing samoans ), 
  he sped up in the barrett try to the point where he was forward of the player and was n't supporting anymore . 
  feels like obstruction tbh . 
  has sonny bill actually gone to ground with the ball yet ?
