  that 's the one !, 
  there was a bit of seduction attempted , but from memory she had to force the issue . 
  i 'm in nz , so currently autumn , but i 'm too busy to just binge stuff this year !, 
  usually i can do 1-2 a night when i go to bed , but that 's about all i 'll get to . 
  is there a way to end the game now while we 're up ? 
  can we just go straight to game 5 2-2 ? 
  ahaha , that sounds necessary !, 
  i usually watch a season of anything at a time , switching off to a different genre afterward so that i do n't get tired of it . 
  should trade him to brooklyn for a first pick and knowing the nets they 'll give him right back for a pack of chips and a second round pick . 
  i think they 're playing to compensate for his absence , and realising they can play extremely well at the same time . 
  lebron needs to foul twice more to be out right ? 
  or does it reset at the half ? 
  `` uh , mister , your erection is sealing off my poop chute . '', 
  i am new to the technical little rules like this !, 
  also since i got about 8 replies saying it does n't reset , and you said it does reset , you understand my confusion aha, 
  hoooly i 've never heard an arena go from howling with joy to dead silent like it did just then, 
   the fuck . 
  now globalist is code for jews ? 
  god these guys co-opt everything . 
  one of the tools used by anti-semitics is spreading fear of a global conspiracy of jews , who run the world . 
  obviously you ca n't just yell `` jews rule the world in a conspiracy wake up sheeple !!, 
  ! 1 '' because these days discrimination is frowned upon by many people , and the few who tolerate it usually are n't in a position to back you up , because they 're already occupied with backing up cousin mary-sue in the chevy out back . 
  enter * globalism * . 
  globalism is bad because it opens up borders to people who are different from us , and they do things differently , and they bring different products over here , and they take billy bob 's jerrrrrrrrbs which he has n't worked in ten years because he 's collecting welfare for the 14 kids he has with his sister-wife . 
  so the nazis and racists and alt-right and anti-semites and other scumbags tack ` globalism ' onto their anti-jewish rhetoric because it means you can ( a ) hide your hatred under someone else 's banner which normalises it when you hear a politician preach the evils of globalism and ( b ) you can hate all the different people in one go , not just jews !, 
  huh . 
  a continent is a mass of land . 
  australia is a continent . 
  new zealand is not on a continent . 
  new zealand is part of australasia , which is a region , and oceania , which is a wider region . 
  it does n't belong to any . 
  just like japan , madagascar , the uk , and any other island nation . 
  it 's absolutely awful . 
  and the way they wo n't drop the dnc shit , nearly a year later . 
  yes , geologically it is part of a continent , and that 's been known for awhile . 
  but in lay terms ( the seven continents which should really be six ) , new zealand is not part of any continent . 
  worth the hassle because the edges let sun into the crossings . 
  he also rated big trouble in little china , moana , and beauty and the beast as worse than matrix reloaded and flags of our fathers . 
  this is a lot like the feltron report but crammed into one year rather than spreading different categories over several . 
  congrats on tracking all this for a year , i know it 's difficult to do at times . 
  yeah !, 
  submarines are boats !, 
  i 'm not being obtuse , i 'm using the standard lay person definitions which is what 99 % of the planet uses . 
  remember that fact teachers tell kids to blow their minds ? 
  no two snowflakes in the world are ever alike ? 
  fuck 's the problem with being a snowflake ? 
  conservatives using it is just a blatant metaphor for their fear of independent thought . 
  so if hillary lost the primary , and bernie lost to trump in november , and hillary supporters were still complaining that the primary was rigged for bernie , and that it should have been hillary - if all of that happened , you 'd be fine wiht it ? 
  bernie was n't a democrat , he 's not a democrat now , and he wo n't ever be a democrat . 
  the dnc did n't owe him shit . 
  yet somehow half the bernie fans on reddit treated it exactly like a sport and said `` well my team 's out , i 'm going to root against the team that eliminated them ! '', 
  and the dnc gives a fuck . 
  if he 's not a democrat , what right does he have to democratic policy ? 
  i do n't agree with everything that the dems do , and i think bernie 's policies were the ones america needs . 
  but i 'm also not stupid enough to think that you can try to hijack a party apparatus and expect the party to just go along with you . 
  i do n't think americans quite get that because you only have two parties . 
  in other parliamentary systems , if that happens you get a brand new party . 
  the reporter who was body slammed was [ ben jacobs ] ( https://twitter.com/bencjacobs ) . 
  nearly a month ago , jacobs released [ this story ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/apr/28/greg-gianforte-republican-candidate-congress-russia-companies ) that showed that greg gianforte had shares worth a quarter of a million dollars invested in russian interests . 
  [ today , jacobs asked gianforte a question and gets assaulted . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhoh4v8xylu&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  edit : a month ago a local newspaper [ published a piece that stated gianforte was threatening reporters . 
  the reporter who was body slammed was [ ben jacobs ] ( https://twitter.com/bencjacobs ) . 
  nearly a month ago , jacobs released [ this story ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/apr/28/greg-gianforte-republican-candidate-congress-russia-companies ) that showed that greg gianforte had shares worth a quarter of a million dollars invested in russian interests . 
  [ today , jacobs asked gianforte a question and gets assaulted . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhoh4v8xylu&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  edit : a month ago a local newspaper [ published a piece that stated gianforte was threatening reporters . 
  nah that one was ok because america did n't even have the number of jets he claimed , and it was largely dismissed as him just making shit up to brag . 
  it gets confusing with trump : you never know what 's a leak , and what 's an invention . 
  was there any suppressed giggling because other people heard and realised he missed the hint ? 
  why does bret baier literally look like a 60s newsman ? 
  it 's like he goes to the hairdresser that did makeup for mad men, 
  i ca n't believe these comments are filled with bitter lefty fucks complaining that obama had too much * faith * in america . 
  jesus christ , how dare the president believe in his people . 
  the concept of being made to line up for lunch is so foreign to me . 
  it makes me think of a prison like oitnb . 
  is this in all american schools ? 
  we just took our own lunch here , and some money for the tuck shop . 
  i read the repub strategist as if he was a redditor , and guccifer as if he was a dude who was sick and tired of the stupid people he had to deal with . 
  `` u r a funny guy '' * subtext : shut the fuck up and go do something with this instead of telling me *, 
  yeah no shit , if lebron lends you a trophy to display for the night , you got ta keep it looking good . 
  the uruk-hai were a cross between men and orcs in the third age , and orcs were created in the first age by morgoth . 
  the original orcs were the captured elves who morgoth tortured for years in his dungeons to the point that they came out as unrecognisably evil beings . 
  seems unlikely they 'd remember menus , and more likely that the orcs picked it up through the same way they picked up all other language - interaction with the other races of middle earth . 
  nah , i think the article is right . 
  the republicans had no leaders . 
  look at their presidential nominees from last year . 
  carly fiorina , ben carson , jeb bush , that centrist dude who reminds you of a preacher uncle from ohio , zodiac killer 's son ( edit : ted cruz !, 
  just saw his name and remembered ) , and the other guy . 
  they 're not memorable . 
  i literally can not remember their names . 
  rubio just jumped into my mind . 
  but none of these people are leaders , and trump took advantage of that by jumping in and guiding the debates , and he took it all . 
  and it 's good business : he took control of squabbling people who did n't know what to do , and he made them all fall in line and follow him . 
  the problem is n't donations corrupting officials , or removing the standards of american politics . 
  the problem is that they had no one strong to put forward and they got taken over , and the guy who took over ? 
  he had no morals . 
  he had no standards . 
  and he through out the rulebook and started telling them what to do * and they did because who the fuck else would they listen to ? 
  when he goes , the republican party becomes rudderless again .
