  all that land was illegally seized by the government in 1863-4 . 
  like it or not there are plenty of p\u0101keh\u0101 who only listen if a white person is the one speaking , take that away and many people are likely to disengage from politics entirely . 
  depends on who wins the majority vote . 
  if the greens go into parliament on 30 % and labour only hits 24 % , then the greens take the prime minister 's office and labour might get the deputy . 
  i 'm voting greens because i do n't like the way labour 's been talking about stuff like immigration lately . 
  either vote is a vote for the same political bloc , but one for greens is tipping the balance slightly more to the left , which i think results in a better new zealand . 
  and if wakes up labour and causes them to reevaluate how they 're going to campaign , then that 's a bonus , and maybe they get me back in 2020 . 
  maybe you could try moving your finger along the line and sounding the words out as you go, 
  winston . 
  i never said valve were perfect . 
  i never said they could n't improve . 
  my argument about them doing dota fans a favour stands strong , because dota fans are getting a benefit not offered to fans of any other valve game that does crate drops . 
  but christians are prone to terrorism too . 
  the us has the kkk , abortion clinic bombings , the oklahoma city bombing , and numerous others . 
  the uk and ireland had to deal with the ira , the uvf , and other groups from both sides . 
  the spanish had the eta in the basque country . 
  the worst attack in scandinavia in the last decade was committed by anders breivik , a lutheran . 
  if you think that muslims are prone to terrorism because of their religion , then you 're misguided and do not understand islam at all . 
  simply put , because p\u0101keh\u0101 have the majority , and the power , in this country . 
  if m\u0101ori wo n't listen to p\u0101keh\u0101 politicians , it 's because they 've been exploited by them in the past , it 's because p\u0101keh\u0101 politicians are safe in their position , and it 's because m\u0101ori can be dismissed . 
  if p\u0101keh\u0101 wo n't listen to m\u0101ori , it 's because m\u0101ori are whiners who are attached to something that happened decades ago , it 's because m\u0101ori are lazy , it 's because m\u0101ori do n't matter `` because we 're all new zealanders '' . 
  one is because of discrimination , and one is because of power . 
  i 'm not , thanks for asking . 
  anyone with a basic understanding of english could read that and figure it out . 
  the abbreviations were very basic and the only real issue would be the lack of punctuation . 
  you 're either exaggerating the trouble you had reading and understanding the comment , or you 're not capable of claiming literacy . 
  so , people pay more money to valve through dota , therefore the definition of ` ultra rare ' should be changed from `` very hard to find in a crate '' to `` guaranteed to be found after spending a minimum of $ 500 '' . 
  more like , of all the games with gambling boxes enabled , we 've complained the most and been pandered to correspondingly . 
   you cant use individual cases because there will always be ones that highlight your point . 
  this would normally be true , except that as we 've had confirmed , dota cases are using escalating odds . 
  i.e. , probabilities are linked between cases . 
   whether to maintain or reduce the size of parliament to 100 mps . 
  that 's 20 less than currently , i assume some of them are white . 
  well there are no white seats , are there ? 
  first tennis match i 've ever watched , but that looked like a panic rather than a physical injury ? 
  commentators speculating between panic attack and injuring himself when he fell over or a combination . 
  most definitely , but in theory , they 're open to a candidate of any ethnicity to stand . 
  someone explain to me how escalating odds is n't good for the players , and i 'll admit that i 'm wrong . 
  but you ca n't . 
  well maybe they fucking should, 
  the playerbase is not evenly divided between good and bad . 
  but the original odds do n't change at all during the event . 
  everyone has the same chance to get it out of the level 1 immortal iii . 
  bookmarking the sub to come look at the but the doctor is a man shambles in 12 hours . 
  lmao , why 's that then, 
  that would be the same chance , but no , i mean everyone has the same 0.01 % ( or whatever number it is ) chance . 
  it 's an * ultra rare * , and people want it to be a guaranteed drop once you spend a certain amount of money . 
  that 's not how rarity works . 
  yeah seeing that frink and apu were in the same number made me think i missed a season somewhere based entirely around frink teaching science or something, 
   do n't wan na be sexist, 
   but this kind of sucks, 
  ah you fucked it mate, 
  agree , this was a brilliant time to cast lucy liu as the doctor , and they failed . 
  the doctor 's not a man , he 's a fucking alien you git, 
  you mean you want the character to look familiar right ? 
  like someone you know , or would have a beer with ? 
  you want it to be a realistic character right ? 
  check out the doctor who sub mate . 
  the announcement thread is hilariously bad . 
  `` wah never watching who again '', 
  `` waaaaaah ruined '', 
  how is it a legitimate narrative question ? 
  i do n't see how there 's any legitimate reason to question this at all tbh . 
  what , why are you so hostile ? 
  i 'm just saying , that 's what i want in my characters and i wanted to know if that 's what you were getting at . 
  i want mine to be like real people because i feel more attached to them . 
  i thought you were the same sort of tv viewer but i guess you 're not . 
  but you do n't love the series , you just gave up on it 28 minutes ago . 
  ah fuck it . 
  i give up . 
  it 's a fucking ultra rare . 
  if every dota player had it , this sub would be nothing but threads complaining about over saturation of the market with golden immortals . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  hey , fuck you too . 
  it got upvoted because it answered a question . 
  it was a hypothetical used to explain a point . 
  if you ca n't see that then you 've got your own problems . 
  and many terrorist attacks have nothing to do with islam . 
  but timothy mcveigh was a catholic . 
   i think they should just give you all of them if you have 10 immortals or something like that . 
  so they should n't be ultra rare ? 
  they should n't be special items that are n't seen in every single game you join . 
  um , i do n't know what you think i said . 
  there were piles of negged comments and they were all hilarious in their anguish over something that does n't matter sooo ... yeah , hilariously bad . 
  not necessarily true . 
  it just means there 's a lot more positivity . 
  ok i love dawn french , but her type of humour is waaay too typecast to be the doctor . 
  i think the majority of people probably look at her and think `` vicar ! '', 
  and that would definitely ruin it a bit . 
  i 'm not going to accuse you of justifying what he did . 
  but now i want you to tell me something . 
  you said oklahoma city had nothing to do with christianity , implying that terrorist attacks committed by muslims * do * have something to do with islam . 
  you also said mcveigh was n't motivated by religion ( which i 'll agree with ) , but he considered himself to be fighting a tyrannical government . 
  i 'll also agree with this . 
  what i want you to tell me then , is why are muslims who commit terrorist acts said to be acting in the name of islam rather than fighting against tyrannical governments ? 
  the terror attacks in america in the last few years have all been claimed as retaliation for american presence in iraq and afghanistan . 
  but why is it tied to islam and not politics ? 
  whoa hold up there . 
  you think that someone who pays $ 30 for levels deserves all the rare items released in the treasures ? 
  $ 30 would n't even get you to level 100 you tool .
