  personally , i loved the scene . 
  she 's been a favourite charcacter from season 1 for me , and she 's going from strength to strength . 
  edit : as an afterthought , this seems like exactly the sort of thing jorah would have had her do , and he 's gone . 
  so it makes a bit more sense it would take her a little bit longer to consider it . 
  i think david smith said to aim for 17 . 
  source : secret referees conspiracy council, 
  oates is leaking maroon, 
  short , like all of nsw 's hopes, 
  that 's a lot of people to disappoint in 80 minutes . 
  the nrl site always has the correct kick off times . 
  i 'm guessing channel 9 advertises the game show starting half an hour before so they can have pundits/pregame build up . 
  in nz the rugby is advertised as starting at 7 , with kick off at 7:35 . 
  i 've never seen a late kick off , so i 'd say you 've got the same thing going on . 
  in nz i 'd say ` dob ' is more common among the younger age groups ( up to 30 maybe ) , and tattle is one for older - ( 60 + ? ) . 
  dob is probably aus/nz slang and tattle is a relic from when we were colonies . 
  / u/hamdaddy was n't talking about people on minimum wage , but people on regular wages too . 
  the average house price in auckland is $ 950,000 at the moment , and rising . 
  a 20 % deposit is required to get a mortgage , which means having $ 200,000 saved away just to get an average house in auckland - where jobs , family , friends for many people are . 
  we 've had some of the largest increases in property value in the world here over the past 2-3 years , and it 's killing all hope for the younger generations . 
  damn , even syria , in the midst of a civil war , gives more holiday pay than the us . 
  how about wakes ? 
  have the body prepared for the funeral , and dressed up all nicely , and sat in a coffin in your house for the days before the actual funeral . 
  people come through for tea and coffee , and viewing the body , all in your home . 
  then after the funeral , everyone comes back and gets drunk and eats cake . 
  carlin really show the vulnerability of sleep there , yet you still get idiots claiming it 's not rape if someone is passed out , or taking advantage of their friends being asleep to hurt them for pranks . 
  when did the predictions lock ? 
  i forgot to make mine !, 
  hopefully i would have got them all wrong , so no loss !, 
  i think it depends on what type of game you 're best at . 
  i 've played tf2 , battlefield , and cs for years , and picking up overwatch was easy for some of the easier classes . 
  figuring out the more complex ones is taking time though . 
  that 's coming from topping scoreboards in all the other games , and i think it 's because the more complex overwatch characters require skill sets that are n't found in your typical shooter . 
  shit , this is gon na be good . 
  i went to the lions game vs bay of plenty in 2005 . 
  my dad got four tickets and drove my best friend and i down for the match . 
  awesome atmosphere , crazy crowds , do n't remember a thing from the game haha . 
  sounds like you 're a 2fort mainer too ? 
  summoning / u/pwny _ for more tears, 
  looks like a 150 year old woman that 's been dressed up in period costume by her grandkids to go out for dinner . 
  enter spiderman @ 2:50, 
  you kept referencing the battlements , which is the most obvious place for a spy to hang around in 2fort haha . 
  i know i 'm just a low level mmr player , but it seems really stupid to me that loda did n't buy either a vlad 's or a heart to give him some form of high regen . 
  vanguard really does n't cut it . 
  +8 hp regen , +250 total health , blocks 100 damage . 
  not too effective against a spectre with dispersion and desolate , and a death prophet who pumps out the damage with the ult . 
  lifesteal on am builds off his damage + his mana burn , so it 's very effective . 
  heart lets him blink and survive as well as giving him 1000 hp more . 
  i did n't ignore what you said , i said the vanguard was n't effective enough . 
  if phoenix had a vlads , then why loda could build a heart - why did n't he ? 
  he could have done it right after the manta and he would n't have been locked down again . 
  at that point spectre was still too underfarmed to fight an am with 3k hp . 
  tobi 's ingame cast cut out in game 3 at the start , but it 's ok on twitch, 
  it does n't do enough damage for it . 
  oh sorry , thought you were asking if it took out her refraction . 
  yeah , i guess it would be useful . 
  the difference between someone nicking through the huge gap you 've left , and collapsing into the ground . 
  read up , the bunnyhops were real with no scripts , but the kills were with an aimbot . 
  axes are also very good for beheading ... 
  ... chickens . 
  i think he took it off the app store after about 4 days though , i 'm not sure what the deal is for ad revenue in apps that are no longer on the appstore . 
  i do n't know about the hawaiians specifically , but i can give a little bit of background on other polynesian navigators in the south pacific . 
  first of all , these guys had massive balls . 
  we 're talking coconut sized . 
  their way of exploring was to load up their boats ( which i believe were multiple canoes tied together with a sail ) with people and supplies , then venture out into blind ocean . 
  you should immediately see the issue here : they had no way of knowing what was out there , so how was it possible for them to know they had enough supplies for all the people ? 
  how were they supposed to find their way back ? 
  secondly , they were incredibly smart at figuring out these problems . 
  they had the stars to give them directions - the southern cross being the major constellation i 'd say - and they had the winds . 
  this is where the clever bit comes in . 
  the early explorers paddled their boats * into * the winds , and when they 'd gone so far , they pulled in the paddles , put up the sail , and coasted home on the wind . 
  this was how the discovery of the wider pacific was achieved , and the settling of the thousands of small islands out there . 
  sorry , 4 days was just the number i was originally told . 
  it was the top free app at the end of jan 2014 , and was removed feb 10th . 
  the popularity spike was mid to late jan , so it was about 4 weeks , not 4 days . 
  i was going to reply to this saying i do n't care , and only wimps would have an opinion on this . 
  until i looked up and realised that my wardrobe doors have been open for as long as i can recall and i have stuff in the way of shutting them . 
  circumstance of inconveniently placed possessions ? 
  or a subconscious fear of what lurks beyond the unworn garments of yesteryear ? 
  is that fountain a tree in the regular map ? 
  it looked nice , but the lack of colour made it impossible to figure out who was alive/dead when i 'm used to scanning the hero bar for b&w avatars, 
  * mogadishu , minnesota * looks to be a pretty fresh concept for a tv series , and with bigelow at the helm and it being written by someone from within the community that it 's about , i 'm excited . 
  * succession * sounds like more of the same sort of show we 've had before - maybe arrested development but super rich - but being written by the guy who helped write * the thick of it * ? 
  that gave us veep , and god damn if that 's not a fantastic venture by hbo too . 
  this is great . 
  these sound great . 
  sort of , but the difference i 'm seeing is that it 's about recruitment within a civilian community , as opposed to * homeland * which was recruitment through a warzone/military environment . 
  brody was a pow who had chosen to go to war , but the main characters of * mogadishu * are just somali immigrants who as far as we know have no affiliation with the fight ( beyond their religion , which is n't a link at all , it 's just something put on them ) . 
  i think it 'll probably expand beyond that too and look at the pressures of being a black muslim in a country where a lot of people fear muslims . 
  how cute , we moved past twelve team tournaments years ago . 
  what 's the matter ? 
  no depth ? 
  says the guy who has rain eight days a week but the national team still ca n't hold onto their form, 
  summer internationals ? 
  does this mean you 're all trooping south again in six months to get walloped a second time ? 
  aaron smith before tj to be honest, 
  honestly , it 's terrifying , but depending on who we 're playing , it 's a bit thrilling too . 
  if it 's against australia or south africa , you know there 's a chance , and it 's worrying because you do n't want to wake up the following day and see all the aussies crowing in online media . 
  if it 's a close match like that irish one a few years back , it 's great because i think them and wales are a generally beloved foe in nz , and while you do n't want to lose , it 's also like `` well , if we do lose , it 'd be nice if it 's to them ! '', 
  oh definitely . 
  the welsh are good .
