  * tozama * : the remaining daimyo , who had become lords before ieyasu was in charge . 
  they were assumed to be neutral or hostile towards the tokugawa . 
  now we know the basic positions of the daimyo and shogun , we can look at the political structure . 
  the shogun was the paramount authority . 
  ieyasu , the first shogun , retired from the office in 1605 ( after five years of rule ) , so his son could be confirmed by the emperor to give legitimacy to his rule . 
  once that was done , they routed out opposition , and by 1615 with the siege of osaka castle they had largely destroyed that opposition . 
  to maintain control over japan , the shoguns spread out the * shinpan * and * fudai * daimyo , giving them territories strategically placed across the islands so that if trouble fermented , they could subdue it rapidly . 
  in this way , the * tozama * were prevented making large alliances by virtue of distance between them . 
  so with all opposition gone , the shoguns had to assure the loyalty of the daimyo . 
  the first two categories , * shinpan * and * fudai * were guaranteed already - they were family and men raised to the rank by the tokugawa family themselves . 
  the shoguns spread out these daimyo , giving them territories strategically placed across the islands so that if trouble fermented , they could subdue it rapidly . 
  in this way , the * tozama * were prevented making large alliances by virtue of distance between them . 
  to further solve this , the shoguns demanded that every daimyo `` would swear a pledge of fealty to the house of tokugawa '' . 
  in return , the daimyo were given legal documents that assured their right to rule in the lands he held . 
  this meant that the daimyo were in effect autonomous , but only if they swore allegiance to the shogun , and only if they maintained that allegiance . 
  there were other benefits to swearing allegiance . 
  daimyo had security - no neighbours would attack because it would disturb the peace and risk the wrath of the shogun . 
  in the event of natural disasters , the shogun provided aid to the affected domains . 
  and lastly , by maintaining allegiance , the shogun was encouraged to maintain the order , assuring the daimyo of their position . 
  in the event of allegiances being broken , the shogunate had given itself the right to alter land holdings as they saw fit . 
  this meant they could give daimyo a different territory to rule over , reduce the holdings , or even confiscate land entirely , leaving a daimyo with no holding . 
  this was standard for the first five shoguns :, 
   '' [ they ] were especially intrusive , depriving 213 daimyo of all or a portion of their holdings for some offense real or imagined , promoting 172 trusted followers to daimyo status , and ordering 281 transfers from one domain to another . '', 
  moving a daimyo from the north end of honshu to the south end for example , would place his family in charge of a new region of strangers , where rebellion against the shogun would be less easily stirred by the daimyo . 
  by the same token , reducing the holdings of a daimyo reduced his income and thus the amount of resources he could feasibly raise . 
  despite all this disruption to daimyo activities by the shogun , the daimyo still retained their autonomy by and large . 
  the daimyo paid no tax to the shogun , but levied tax within their domain as they saw fit . 
  they set and enforced laws as they saw fit and had their own local body of samurai , directly under their command . 
  they were required to provide military service to the shogun if it was requested . 
  most importantly as far as autonomy goes , they were directly responsible for the borders of their domains , and the passage of people through those borders . 
  so a daimyo could theoretically lock down his domain , forbidding the inhabitants to leave . 
  in that regard , daimyo held significant power , and the shogun was happy to leave them alone . 
  however , if there was a perceived sleight , or trouble in the regions , or rebellion or any other matter that displeased the shogun , he was able to ( a ) call for military forces from every domain to aid him in suppressing it , ( b ) remove that daimyo 's domain , or ( c ) transfer that daimyo somewhere where there was less historic loyalty to that family . 
  so to sum up , the daimyo ruled autonomous domains , where they controlled taxes , laws , borders , the military , and the civilian population 's actions . 
  but they did so at the pleasure of the shogun , who could remove all of this in an instant . 
  if a daimyo was to resist the shogun 's authority , then every other daimyo was liable to be called upon for military aid , at which point one daimyo would face the forces of up to two hundred others , which is a scary prospect . 
  you 're welcome . 
  there 's a lot more to put in there , but that 's a basic overview . 
  for example , there was a visiting ritual where all the daimyo had to visit the shogun in edo , except the visits were timed for each daimyo so that daimyo who were friendly together were never at edo at the same time , and so could never make treacherous plans together . 
  it 's a really nuanced system . 
  i 'd recommend you check out james l. mcclain 's * ` japan , a modern history ' * if you want more info . 
  a good book on alternate attendance ( the staggered visits of the daimyo ) and the daimyo 's responsibilities is constantine vaporis ' * ` tour of duty ' * . 
  voting rights alone would be a few paragraphs . 
  especially with all the law changes rushed through in the south to prevent african american voting . 
  well worth it for a marmite chip sandwich though . 
  or leftover ham on boxing day . 
  $ 15 of petrol and a couple of chocolate bars . 
  yes and no , and a lot of maybe . 
  sources are n't clear on the number of africans in virginia , or what their status was . 
  what is known is that there were some who were free , some who were indentured , and some who were slaves . 
  t. h. breen writes in his essay ` the `` giddy multitude '' : race and class in early virginia ' , that governor berkeley estimated some 2,000 africans in virginia in 1671 , but that this is considered high by modern scholarship . 
  by the 1680s however , the population is thought to have been around 3-4 ,000 , the majority of which were imported from barbados - a british colony with major sugar production . 
  with this knowledge , it seems unlikely to think that the early settlers in virginia would have bought slaves from barbados , only to turn them into indentured servants once they reached the colony . 
  on the historical record of black men 's position in virginia :, 
   the status of black men in mid-seventeenth century virginia remains obscure ; a few were free , some were indentured servants and most were probably slaves . 
  what is certain is that there were large numbers of white indentured servants from england and ireland , and that these men and the black men often worked together in their jobs , as well as in uprisings and escapes . 
  indentured servants were often kidnapped people , sharing an experience that while not equal to that of captured africans , was similar enough to provide common ground . 
  in addition , there were problems with time worked translating to time owed , which resulted in issues surrounding freeing the indentured servants . 
  to sum up : the status of africans in virginia in the 17 ^ th century is n't known for sure , but they were a small number compared to later years . 
  the majority are presumed to have been slaves , with a minority being free or indentured . 
  however , they shared a lot in common with the indentured servants of european origin , who were harshly treated by the plantation owners , and together they were the cause of a fair amount of disruption to the peace . 
  edit : all sourcing for this is from t. h. breen 's chapter , ` the `` giddy multitude '' : race and class in early virginia ' from ronald takaki 's * from different shores : perspectives on race and ethnicity in america * . 
  something like [ this ] ( http://www.spokesmanreview.com/library/civilrights/sitins/sitin.jpg ) could be good . 
  it 's from the early sit-ins at the woolworths milk-bars . 
  if you want to go for some sort of thematic link , [ this photo ] ( http://www.gilderlehrman.org/sites/default/files/imagecache/top-2col-full/essay-images/00894u.loc_.lp_.web_.jpg ) is from a 1917 silent protest march in harlem . 
  there were 10,000 people in attendance , protesting race riots in east st. louis . 
  coincidentally , the distance between there and ferguson is less than 20km/12 miles . 
  no that 's ok . 
  the history i was looking at ( i 've edited it into the original comment ) , was n't looking back that far . 
  however it does address the manner of african slaves reaching the colonies . 
  do you know where the dutch brought the original slaves from ? 
  the slaves that i was referring to being transferred from barbados to virginia were all brought to barbados via the dutch slave trade . 
  because of this , i 'm inclined to think that any earlier trade in people would also have been in slavery rather than indentured servitude . 
  indentured servitude was usually for europeans . 
  it meant cheap labour , as the ` servants ' had to work for a long period of time to pay off the cost of their passage , and their housing . 
  it usually entailed an agreement though , at the start of the journey . 
  this suggests that there would be no african indentured labour , as i suspect no african would agree to that when we know that many slaves were acquired through kidnapping . 
  however , it is possible that the first slave had served with someone for a period of time and was told he could work off his time . 
  it seems quite hollywoodish though . 
  if someone else can jump in and answer that for you , you might get your answer . 
  i do n't have access to any journals right this minute , so this is about as far as i can go . 
  the romans ran both quinquiremes and triremes . 
  the triremes were their first attempt at naval warfare , and were a woeful failure . 
  this was around 311 b.c. 
  after this , they copied the quinquireme model off of the carthaginians , and with some slight differences to the plan made their own . 
  what is important to note with the quinquireme navy of the romans is that it was n't really built by choice : the romans had no choice but to build a navy as the carthaginian empire had outposts on the island of sicily and rome needed these removed - a task which they could n't accomplish by land alone . 
  so in early spring of 260 b.c. , the senate ordered 100 quinquiremes built and twenty triremes , all to be ready by summer . 
  this was the senate calling for an entire navy to be built , and crews formed , within the space of three months . 
  it was accomplished with the help of greek sailors from cities rome ruled in southern italy , and the crews were made up of greek allies for the triremes , and subjects from outside of rome for the quinquiremes . 
  the reason for differences in crew origins was simply because the quinquiremes rowing action required much less skill to master than the triremes . 
  the greeks were accomplished sailors , so they were used for the more difficult triremes . 
  the structure of the quinquireme designs was altered for two reasons : firstly , the carthaginians were much more competent sailors , who were able to maneuver extremely well , and thus used lighter ships , which were consequently harder to handle . 
  secondly , the romans had the corvus - the ramp attached to the ship to allow roman ships to clamp carthaginian ships in place while the legionnaires swarmed across to capture the ship . 
  the ramps added a great deal of weight to the ships , and altered the centre of gravity . 
  a change in weight distribution was necessary to prevent the ships capsizing . 
  so the romans at this point ( 260 b.c. ), 
  had some 100 quinquiremes and 20 triremes . 
  each quinquireme had 300 oarsmen , 40 fighting men , 80 legionnaires and whatever assorted crew was added on in the form of officers . 
  the total was probably just above 420 . 
  the triremes had a rowing crew of 170 , but i 'm not sure on the specifics of their fighting crews .
