  is that the fourth book ? 
  i have n't read that one actually . 
  it 's worrying that you think a jury is qualified to do anything . 
  by sheer nature of the makeup of a jury , we do n't know what they 're qualified to do . 
  they 're 12 people making a decision to the best of their ability . 
  it does n't mean they 're right . 
  yeah , see i thought trading was more `` oh , they 're taking our tower top , let 's take bot and mid '' , which is what the other reply said . 
  this thread only really applies to laning , because who cares if you hit the guy for 100 damage after laning ? 
  you 're not fighting for xp anymore , so if it 's not a fight then a bit of damage swapping is immaterial . 
  excuse you, 
  stupid sky commentators `` very convenient for the chiefs that it was their player that went to ground '', 
  where the fuck do you find these pricks , even marshall does n't talk that much shit, 
  that 's a really good point !, 
  ( e ) be highlanders, 
  for kiwi teams it seems to be a combination of confidence ( get some points on the board , feel better about yourself ) , and knowing when you can get a try . 
  chiefs were struggling to get through so taking the points puts you a little closer and also gives that confidence boost so next time a try might be in order . 
  i dunno , he was pretty clinical , just the wrong sort . 
  commentators talking about the lions conceding 3s instead of 7s ... mate , if you think the all blacks will kick a penalty instead of the touch line , you 're dreaming . 
  commentator pointed out that if he had n't slipped , it would have been a yellow . 
  what ? 
  of course a jury can be wrong . 
  just like a judge can be . 
  they 're human , they make mistakes . 
  the highlanders were missing about 10 starters . 
  it 's nice to watch the chiefs get a cricket score dropped on them . 
  ## raise your hands if you 've won a super championship in the last decade and beat the lions !, 
  * not so fast waikato !, 
   and beat the lions, 
  ref 's got balls trying to hold back messam, 
  northern ones only !, 
  i saw a video of an american suburb on here last week and the lawn had little 10 inch high flags every metre or so right around the edge . 
  i thought it was independence day , then i realised that 's not for another month . 
  weird as shit . 
  what the fuck , i 'm the stupid one ? 
  of course a jury 's decision can be wrong . 
  it 's just that it 's legally binding . 
  why would they want to force their religion on others ? 
  it 's not actively forcing it , but it 's promoting the values of the religion in the lives of other people . 
  if a jew refuses to get tattoos because of religious law , then says `` i will not be a tattooist , because that would be allowing others to break the religious law '' , that would be placing jewish values onto a non-jew . 
  i think you 're using force to imply duress or pressure , but it 's not like that at all . 
  if i refuse to assist you in doing something i consider wrong , then yes , i am using my moral code to shape your behaviour ( if you can not achieve your task without me ) . 
  obviously some things belong to a universal moral code , e.g. 
  but in something like tattooing , my refusal to help you would be saying that my moral code applies to you too , do you see ? 
  it 's been proven that raising minimum wage generates more revenues for businesses because people who earn minimum wage * do not save money , they spend it . 
  * when the poorest people earn more , the entire economy benefits . 
  if a migrant is working a job , they 're earning money and paying taxes . 
  how is that putting pressure on services ? 
  you realise it 's illegal to pay below the minimum wage . 
  i really do n't understand your line of reasoning here . 
  it seems to be ` fuck immigrant workers ' but i ca n't be sure . 
  til that costanza voices the thief abis mal in return of jafar , and he is basically animated george . 
  half those students are probably marxists . 
  the other half just do n't know it yet . 
  you sound reasonable though . 
  for the other side , obama had to be much better than other presidents just to be equal to them . 
  it 's not his reactions to the pieces coming in that count , it 's how he 's using them . 
  in the thread about the resignation someone pointed out transgressions by labour mps . 
  the difference between those and this case is that helen clark did n't cover up for anyone , or lie to the media . 
  she got it sorted out - because that 's what leadership is . 
  english has n't done that . 
  no it does n't , because they 're selling more product to people with disposable income . 
  i did n't say she was faultless , i said she did n't cover up for her mps with settlements and dropped charges . 
  obviously it does n't , but your example is n't comparable at all because you 're ignoring intent . 
  i went and played after watching his vid and he was dropping t pieces into gaps that t pieces should n't be going . 
  was insane . 
  yes , because women are currently more disadvantaged than men in a lot of areas . 
  so more rights , to reach equal rights . 
  * not * more rights than men . 
  first one that comes to me is abortion law . 
  second is maternity leave . 
  if a woman in the us has a child , she 's unable to work and wo n't be guaranteed paid maternity leave under law . 
  this means she loses income for a period , possibly her job , and chances of advancement . 
  i do n't know why you asked about de jure discrimination , but i assume you 're trying to be clever by suggesting that under law there is no discrimination , because the equal pay act and the constitution protect women and minority groups ( even when we know that they do n't . ), 
  de facto discrimination is of course much worse . 
  women are more likely to be sexually harassed in the workforce ( and in public !, 
  ) , less likely to find advancement to higher positions in their careers , less likely to be represented in politics , more likely to be victims of domestic violence , less likely to gain entry into top universities - and all of this despite being more or less equal in number to men , largely more represented in tertiary education than men , and completely anecdotally , more likely to be hard workers than men . 
  but hey , fuck feminism , am i right guys ? 
  does your wife know that you adopt a patronising and sexist tone when you think you 're talking to women online ? 
  or is that how you talk to her too ? 
  i suppose the second problem is that you assume someone who is a feminist has to be a woman too . 
  to answer your inane questions , yes , i know where babies come from . 
  but birth control is n't 100 % effective , and telling women they ca n't have sex unless they deal with the consequence is ridiculous . 
  abortions should be readily available in the first trimester . 
  also , accidents happen . 
  if you 're in a car accident tomorrow and ca n't work for awhile , and your wife gets pregnant , by accident , how are you going to deal with that ? 
  you going to look at her and shrug and say `` well shit honey , africans are really oppressed , you just squeeze that one out and get back to work '' ? 
   there is no pay gap . 
  i did n't mention the pay gap . 
  but there is one . 
   yes . 
  if feminism is `` women should be able to have everything , all the time '' , then yes , fuck feminism . 
  who the fuck said that 's what feminism is ? 
   go to any third world country if you want to see oppression , sexist or otherwise . 
  u.s. ` feminists ' are just spoiled children , complaining they ca n't have their cake and eat it too . 
  you literally began your post by talking to me in a condescending tone as if i was a little girl because you thought i was a woman . 
  do you not see how fucked up it is that you 'd reduce someone to childlike status because they pointed out something * that you self admittedly agreed to * ? 
  by the way , it 's fucking great to know that your what-aboutism extends to women 's rights . 
  because yeah , fucking uganda has female genital mutilation and bumfuck , alabama does n't , so why the hell should anyone try and make america better !, 
  i clicked on one and i 'm like 99 % sure it 's photoshopped . 
  no one 's anal cavity can expand to the size of a football just to be filled with fruit loops and milk .
