  but assuming the quote is accurate , there are reasons maimonides may have used the term ` arab ' and used quite inflammatory language in his letter . 
   as for ` never has there been a nation that hated , humiliated and loathed us as much as this one ' he is quite right for his time . 
  this is prior to the crusades , to inquisition , to the more centralised european authorities and codified antisemitic law, 
  the jews had a pretty bad time of it under the roman empire though , did n't they ? 
  and also their experiences in europe prior to this period were never good . 
  i 'm thinking mainly of the prejudices that eventually led to the expulsion of jews from england ( 1290 ) , but were present in that country , as well as much of western and central europe long before . 
  i 'll start this off with a disclaimer that the origin is bloody hard , if not impossible to find - it 's an old proverb that is variously described by google as `` old english '' and `` ancient '' , which gives you some idea of how far back this . 
  * why * it became a saying is easier to figure out . 
  cats have quite stunning survival skills and traits . 
  the main event that this refers to is , as you say in your question , high falls . 
  cats have what is called a ` righting reflex ' which allows them to turn their bodies while in free fall so that weight is evenly distributed across their four limbs ( as opposed to humans who often land feet first - ouch ) . 
  this has been corroborated by a study by a group of nyc veterinarians who found that cats chances of surviving a fall actually * increased * when the distance they fell passed a certain threshold ( somewhere around seven stories ) . 
  now obviously cats did n't have new york skyscrapers to fall from in the past , however , natural heights such as cliffs and trees , and smaller man-made structures like roofs ( churches maybe ? 
  ) , walls , and towers in towns and cities of the past would provide ample opportunity for cats to be witnessed falling from the heights yet miraculously surviving . 
  perhaps the saying originated with a particular cat being witness to have fallen eight times without effect , before succumbing to a ninth . 
  or a cat that was ` revived ' somehow after a fall . 
  another important question would be how did the passing of one of the cat 's lives get noticed ? 
  was it presumed that when a cat fell it instantly lost one like in a video game , but without visible death ( think crash bandicoot 's apples ) ? 
  or was it a cat being unresponsive before returning to mortal pursuits ? 
  either way it 's pretty clear that cats have an uncanny knack for landing right way up and this has been noted throughout history in the form of the proverb . 
  the present day reference to surviving events we would n't expect them to is probably not as modern as you 'd think either . 
  they were also lynched in 20th century america . 
  emmett till was lynched in 1955 . 
  james byrd jr. was lynched in 1998 . 
  this is not just an historical issue . 
  like / u/elev57 said , hip hop culture is the incorporation of different forms of media . 
  generally , the four elements are rapping ( mcs ) , producing ( djs ) , break dancing , and graffiti . 
  the difference between the two is that originally , hip hop was a subculture that rap was only a segment of . 
  the mcs who contributed the oral aspects of the culture were termed rappers . 
  the hip hop culture was tied to african american neighbourhoods and communities , and the spoken aspect - rap - was a way to effectively communicate cultural ideas . 
  protest , dreams , rants , hopes - all these emotions have been communicated through rap music . 
  hip hop combined that with the djs or producers who brought in the musical beats to back tracks . 
  this also led to r&b , blues , and jazz samples being used - tying a modern black culture with an older generations culture . 
  difference subgenres of hip hop like new orleans bounce drew from black choir practices such as call and response to modify their particular style of hip hop . 
  the expression through music meant that communal experiences could be shared via rap music , and disseminated through a wider hip hop culture . 
  it also promoted cultural links between black communities across america , as well as black nationalism . 
  black nationalism , most commonly associated with the black panther party , focused on the `` cultural , political , and economic independence of african americans '' , and hip hop culture was a place where all three of these could be achieved . 
  nwa , as an example , was signed to a label established by eazy e ( economic independence , or at least , steps toward it ) , released their song `` fuck the police '' protesting police brutality , racial profiling , and structural racism ( political independence and speech ) , and promoted hip hop culture while doing so ( cultural independence ) . 
  historically , rap was only one part of the culture , while hip hop was the overarching term . 
   a couple hours after we drop the guy 's hopes and dreams into a bin at the hospital, 
  sex = male/female and penis/vagina/other . 
  gender is defined by mental characteristics rather than physical . 
   gender dysphoria . 
  google literally defines this as `` the condition of feeling one 's emotional and psychological identity as male or female to be opposite to one 's biological sex . '', 
  as in , sex is physical , and gender is emotional or psychological . 
  a guy was there within hours of him and tried to cash a check for $ 50k . 
  he 's been arrested for felony forgery . 
  if america 's going to exploit something like that for profit , then addressing it in some way is the least they could do . 
  yeah , it 's a * synonym * , as in similar , but not always exact . 
  the brain is physical , but what goes on inside it is not . 
  anger is not physical . 
  joy is not physical . 
  thoughts about the meaning of life are not . 
  nothing i wrote debunks anything they said , you 're just choosing to read it that way . 
  gender * is * a social construct . 
  it 's an idea constructed around physical characteristics rather than emotional/psychological ones . 
  gender : the identity you feel . 
  socially constructed gender : the way society classes you based on physical characteristics . 
  gender roles : expectations society has for you based on your physical characteristics . 
  that would be like me telling you you 're happy because you forced a smile while feeling depressed . 
  or that you 're angry because you do n't smile much even though you 're gleeful inside . 
  it 's very simple , i do n't know why this is so difficult for you to get . 
  this is what i 've always done . 
  the fear of getting a jandal caught on one of the pedals in a rush is too much . 
  i must preface this by saying that it is an incomplete answer that really only responds to one part of the asked question . 
  i hope it contributes to a wider discussion though . 
  from my reading , the most influential power wielded by women was indirect power , realised through their legitimising of the monarch . 
  aztec noblemen married multiple women , but the principal wife was `` was from a more prestigious family than that of her husband , and, 
  her marriage cemented an aztec noble 's relations with a powerful lineage . '', 
  so the noble women in aztec culture were the vessels of power , and only by marrying one could a man become linked to that power . 
  the principal wife was also the bearer of the heir in most cases , presumably because she was a direct descendant of the powerful lineage that the nobleman had sought to join . 
  non principal wives came from lower families who sought to make a connection with the ruler ( the man who had already elevated his position ) . 
  another ruler married twenty daughters of lords from a certain region , and his children with the twenty became the new nobility . 
  this had a twofold effect : his children were legitimised by becoming a part of local noble lines ; and the existing nobles passed their power on to their grandchildren - ceding it from themselves to individuals further down their family line . 
  `` in central mexican political ideology , the legitimacy of a polity was dependent upon the toltec blood of its ruling dynasty . '', 
  in essence , without marrying the correct noblewoman , a conquering lord would have no claim to a throne . 
  so to recap , women were important wielders of power because they held the legitimacy of family lines and noble houses or dynasties . 
  by marrying a noblewoman , aztec men could increase their position in the social hierarchy and legitimise their children as rulers . 
  ** sources ( paywall ) : **, 
  [ ` women and political power : the inclusion and exclusion of noblewomen in aztec pictorial histories ' , lori boornazian diel , * res : anthropology and aesthetics * , 2005 , via jstor . 
  ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/20167660 ), 
  [ ` sexual politics in the aztec palace : public , private , and profane ' , susan toby evans , * res : anthropology and aesthetics * , 1998 , via jstor . 
  ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/20167007 ), 
  [ ` lineage , class , and power in the aztec state ' , j rounds , * american ethnologist * , 1979 , via jstor . 
  ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/643385 ), 
  noted , doing that now . 
  i did use the evans one the most , but the diel one was also useful in pointing out how imagery of women was removed during later periods , indicating that there was some censoring of their role . 
  the more important tweet is the reply :, 
   @tonydokoupil @karenhunter i pray the same empathy is shown for all voters in november . 
  it 's amazing how this is used to disenfranchise voters when there is a high turnout , especially in low income areas . 
  in new zealand , you do n't need an id to vote . 
  you register to vote ( once , at any point in time you wish after your 18th birthday ) , and that 's it . 
  at election time , you get sent a voting card , about the size of a visa card . 
  it comes in a letter , and you tear it off the bottom . 
  it has your name , your voting area , and some other details . 
  it 's a very sparse card , there 's not much on it . 
  you take that card to the voting booth , give it to the person there who then looks through the list of enrolled voters . 
  they 'll cross your name off , and give you a sheet to vote on . 
  you disappear behind the curtain , mark it off , hand it in , and leave . 
  no id needed , no photo , no nothing .
