  those countries that already have low corruption would be affected negatively , while those with high corruption would have a wider influence to wield their power in . 
  round 8893, 
   i do n't see why is this supposed to be a problem . 
  these people were not prevented from voting , they chose not to vote . 
  sorry , i should have expanded on this . 
  those people chose not to vote . 
  but in other modern , western countries , disenfranchisement is still an issue . 
  the united states have id requirements for voting that prevent huge sections of the population from voting . 
  voter intimidation still occurs in many other countries . 
  if we suddenly switch to a world government , and add the complacent 25 % to the numbers that are prevented from voting , how would we have a representative world government ? 
  how would we solve any problems facing individual states when a huge portion of the worldwide electorate was silenced ? 
  also , i was n't suggesting china was a democracy . 
  just that the system is broken , and that a shift to a global government would introduce corruption into nations that are currently corruption free . 
  the population sizes were just an indication of how much influence those people could wield . 
  china and india combined are 1/3 of the world population . 
  if it was to be truly representative , then they would have 36 % of the world parliament . 
  i 'm pregnant !, 
  you 're pregnant !, 
  everybody 's pregnant !, 
  you are a sad , strange little man , and you have my pity . 
  i 'm hoping this fits here , as it 's reflection based . 
  i know that quite a few users are n't students , or history professionals , and i was wondering where you source information from ? 
  i am enrolled in university for the coming year , so i do have access to databases which means i usually just use jstor to get my write-ups straight . 
  i 've noticed a few threads with wikipedia entries cropping up , which has often been the only place i 'm able to find information on something if it 's not on jstor . 
  so how do you decide if a source is reliable enough for this sub ? 
  and how do you find them ? 
  because i know that i instantly reject most sources that i would n't use in a proper essay . 
  so this is an enormous question , and it 's going to get an enormous wall of [ structured ] text in return . 
  i 'll start off with a bit of context on the history of ireland , before moving into the easter rising and the anglo-irish war . 
  after that , i 'll look at the troubles in the latter half of the 20th century . 
  in between the paragraphs on those sections , i 'll put some summations that will hopefully bring it all together in a clearer fashion . 
  i 'll try chuck in a tl ; dr at the end , but i ca n't promise that that wo n't be huge as well . 
  ireland was a conquered nation -- invaded by england nearly a nine hundred years ago and ruled ever since . 
  about halfway through that period , in the 15th and 16th centuries , irish land was confiscated by the english rulers , and given to protestant english and scottish gentry . 
  these became plantations , and in effect , the colonisation of ireland by england . 
  throughout the years there were numerous rebellions by sections of the irish population against english rule . 
  these rebellions were ruthlessly shut down , and the leaders executed . 
  the irish public was also severely punished for this . 
  one of the key figures in this was oliver cromwell , who is noted for his harsh treatment of the irish , and ordering and being involved in the commission of what today we would term war crimes . 
  in 1798 , the united irishmen , with aid from france , rebelled against the crown . 
  this rebellion was put down too , and in 1800 , the parliaments of england and ireland passed the act of union , merging the kingdom of ireland with the kingdom of great britain to create the united kingdom of great britain and ireland . 
  at the start of the 20th century then , ireland had been ruled by england for around 700 years , and had been a forced member of the union for 100 . 
  in the later years of the 19th century , a movement advocating home rule had emerged in ireland , calling for ireland to have self-rule , while remaining within the union . 
  while remaining within the union was n't necessarily a goal , it was a compromise , and self-rule ( home rule ) was a first step . 
  a bill granting home rule to ireland was passed in the early years of the twentieth century , but there were two problems with it : firstly , ulster , the northernmost province of ireland , was a majority protestant region of ireland , and as such , were opposed to the dissolution of the union . 
  secondly , the bill was put on hold in 1914 when war broke out in europe , with an act passed that meant it would not come into effect until after the war finished -- in other words , at an unknown point in the future , ireland would receive it . 
  the ulster unionists created militia in the north , raising substantial numbers of men . 
  in response , the irish volunteers were formed in the south , protecting the idea of home rule . 
  with the outbreak of war , many of these irishmen served as part of irish regiments in the british army . 
  those that stayed behind were against irish involvement in the war , and on easter monday 1916 , they , and other nationalists , seized buildings in dublin and declared an independent ireland . 
  their numbers were small , and after six days , the rising was subdued , and sixteen participants were executed and many more imprisoned . 
  the easter rising was a curious event : it went against the majority of irish opinion . 
  home rule was in the works , it was guaranteed . 
  over a 150,000 of the irish volunteers had gone off to fight for britain in the war , because they believed that home rule would be delivered . 
  in contrast , this small group of rebels left behind had gone * past * home rule , and straight for independence . 
  and they had done it violently , seizing buildings by force , and fighting the british army on the streets of dublin . 
  this was done after a century of parliamentary manoeuvring towards home rule , and they threatened it all . 
  the executions , the high death count ( particularly among civilians ) , and the long timespan of the first world war all contributed to a growing support for the irish republic , and a diminishing tolerance of britain . 
  at the united kingdom general election in december of 1918 , sinn fein , a nationalist political party won 70 % ( about 73 out of 105 ) of the seats allocated to ireland in westminster . 
  the party had never won seats before , indicating a significant swing in public opinion towards the british . 
  their members refused to sit in westminster , instead setting up an irish parliament and government in dublin , and re-declaring independence . 
  this new parliament was not recognised by the british , and was in fact declared criminal in early 1919 -- after this , they only met in secret . 
  this outlawing of the irish parliament is cited by some historians as the start of war , and from this point forward , the british presence in ireland was at war until the truce in 1921 . 
  so to summarise this first part of your question , there were several factors that led to the irish war of independence . 
  firstly was the english conquest and subsequent colonisation of ireland , which had been cruelly enforced , and had arguably contributed to the enormous death toll of the famine in the 19th century ( see other / r/askhistorians posts on whether the famine was a genocide ) . 
  secondly , the easter rising of 1916 had resulted in some of the worst violence ireland had seen in a century , and the executions were reminiscent of the treatment of the irish after earlier rebellions . 
  the martyrdom of the leaders was particularly effective in mobilising anti-british sentiment . 
  the sinn fein party 's success in the 1918 general election is the third factor , and was representative of a change in irish political opinion , and the subsequent withdrawal from westminster and establishment of an irish parliament stimulated support for the independence movement . 
  the last factor was the british condemnation of that parliament , and the implicit condemnation of independence for ireland . 
  i 'm taking a break , but i 'll come back and do a post on the troubles later , e even though it really should be a different post . 
  edit : word formatting sucks when copying to reddit . 
  i 'd kill bill . 
  this was n't me , but a friend of mine . 
  he 's the frontman for a folk band , and he 's a brilliant singer . 
  once , just before he played a show , he had gone to the bathroom in the venue . 
  he 's in the bathroom , and as he 's doing his business , he starts to sing `` a whole new world '' from aladdin , nice and slow like . 
  now , it was a proper venue , for community groups , so they had toilets for men and women . 
  but not proper separated ones - they had those windows at the top which were all open to ventilate the whole bathroom section of the building . 
  just as he finishes a verse , he hears a girl 's voice on the other side of the window start singing back the next verse . 
  they finished off that verse together , and then it went quiet . 
  he stood in the bathroom , stunned at the whole scenario , and i guess she left . 
  he never found out who she was . 
   is it ? 
  yes , it is . 
  the presidential election in the united states in 2000 was marred by controversy in florida when voters were illegally prevented from voting . 
  the voters affected ? 
  overwhelmingly black , working class . 
  these were voter demographics that would have voted gore on the most part . 
  [ article 1 ] ( http://www.usccr.gov/pubs/vote2000/report/ch2.htm ), 
  [ article 2 ] ( http://www.salon.com/2000/12/04/voter_file/ ), 
  google florida elections 2000 , and you 'll see lots more . 
   all democracies have voting id requirements for preventing double voting . 
  how does this prevent people from voting ? 
  if one does n't care enough about elections to obtain proper id , then probably they do n't have strong political preferences and thus would n't have voted anyway . 
  no , they do n't . 
  [ here 's a list of voter id laws ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voter_id_laws ) . 
  in the uk , [ all you need is to be registered beforehand ] ( http://www.aboutmyvote.co.uk/how-do-i-vote/voting-in-person ) . 
  it 's the same [ in nz ] ( http://www.elections.org.nz/voters/voting-election ) , and [ australia ] ( http://www.aec.gov.au/faqs/voting_australia.htm ) . 
  all you need on election day is to know your name and address . 
  all of these nations are democracies .
