  generally speaking , if you call someone coloured outside of south africa , you 're going to have a bad reaction . 
  interestingly i got told about brazilian racial classifications once , and apparently there were heaps of different colours going from white to black , with pink , brown , tan , light brown , etc in the middle to complicate it . 
  it 's not about being proud of something you did . 
  it 's about pride in belonging to a community of people . 
  it 's like saying you 're proud to be american . 
  did you sign the declaration ? 
  have you been a politician ? 
  have you made any significant contributions to america ? 
  but you 're still an american , and proud of it , and go you . 
  black pride is about pride in a culture that has flourished out of adversity , and that has been oppressed . 
  white pride is some sort of weird attempt at a similar thing , and it does n't work . 
  fuck , thank you . 
  this was troubling me . 
  you need to watch some of those good as videos that make you go ooooooh really loudly and wake up the entire house . 
  historian here !, 
  it 's true that it was a big deal , but to say that it set the civil rights movement into action is a bit of an error , and it ignores the work done over the previous decades by black americans . 
  the crm was n't just that period of twenty years between 1954-74 as it 's commonly told . 
  that 's better referred to as the ` short crm ' , and it started with brown v. board in 1954 . 
  the longer crm arguably started in the years after the civil war , when black activists worked to get voting rights and equal citizenship for african americans , as well as equal education , access to jobs , and all the other things considered rights under the american constitution . 
  throughout the years between the civil war and wwii , there were numerous instances of state governments working to keep black communities down , through passing insidious laws that disenfranchised voters ( like asking a black woman from alabama to read the constitution in chinese before she could register to vote ) , lynching black men and women who were politically active in their communities , siphoning off funding from black schools to white schools , or even burning down black districts , like greenwood , tulsa . 
  black activists worked to dismantle all of this over that period , and were as much a part of the crm as martin luther king or rosa parks . 
  attributing the impetus of the crm to truman 's actions also ignores the problem of black veterans ( like the man above ) returning after wwii , and finding they could n't get work . 
  the integration of the military was * only * limited to the military , and once you left , you were catapulted back into the same discriminatory society as before your service . 
  many african americans had been driven to serve in the military because of what was touted as ` the price of citizenship ' . 
  interestingly , the price of citizenship has appeared in other countries with racial divisions as minorities attempted to ` prove ' their worth . 
  in short , it was an idea that if black men served with the armed forces , they would be respected as equal citizens when they got home . 
  that was n't the case , and was a major reason that more people began to mobilise politically in the 50s and 60s . 
  truman 's xo in 1948 was significant because it approved a black presence in the military , but it did nothing for civilian life , where it was greatly needed . 
  you 're obviously a racist shit stain , so i wo n't bother with you anymore . 
  mate , you 're not even a kiwi . 
  we like sustainable fisheries , so fuck off . 
  lol , i 'll comment on whatever i like , and i 'll do it with more sense than you had here . 
  i imagine he has one outfit rotating each trip . 
  so say three outfits in each city . 
  then one he 's wearing . 
  fly in , get the three , for total of four . 
  wear the clean three , when you 're on the third set , drop the first two + what you flew in on at the cleaners , fly out in the fourth . 
  repeat . 
  i thought the horn meant `` oi watch the road dick , you 're veering into my lane/not giving way/driving dangerously '', 
  on the interior light thing , i think practice is to keep it off because it reduces visibility outside the car . 
  if you 're driving at night , the interior light makes the windows reflective rather than transparent - think sitting in a room in a house with the lights on and looking out the window . 
  you ca n't see a thing , but if you turn the lights out it balances and your vision works . 
  i grew up in a two storey house . 
  in the corner of our living room , there was a wooden stairway that led up to the hall , which had the bedrooms and bathroom off it . 
  the stairway was unlike any other i 've ever seen in a home : it had gaps between the stairs that you could see through , and when i was little i could slide between them . 
  just below ceiling level in the living room there was a light fitting under the stairs . 
  it shone through the gap that was level with it . 
  there was n't a wall between the stairs and the living room either , it was just sort of open off the side . 
  upstairs , there were three bedrooms on the opposite side of the hall from the landing . 
  one was to the right , one opposite , but slightly left , and one down the end to the left , perpendicular to the hall . 
  that was the scary one . 
  it was my parents ' room , and i 'd run through there lots during the day , and crawl in between my mum and dad on sunday mornings to cuddle , and at those times it was welcoming and cozy . 
  it smelled of them , and it was familiar , and full of sunlight in the mornings . 
  at night , it was another story entirely . 
  when i was the only person going up those stairs , ascending past the warm glow of the living room lights , going beyond that light that shone between the steps like a lighthouse marking the edge of safety , that room was at my back as my head reached the top of the stairway , and it terrified me . 
  even now , thinking back twenty years , i can feel my heart rate rising at the thought of creeping up the stairs and facing the three empty doors which could have hidden any number of murderers or monsters . 
  so i guess my irrational fear was the dark , and the unknown . 
  my only query would be : is it still an irrational fear if it comes from the mind that can create a vivid world of pirates in the backyard , or a castle under the sheet covered dining table , or turns a bed into a starship ? 
  they owe him their allegiance , because he is bernie of house sanders , king of the liberals , the socialists , and the single-payer healthcarers . 
  i do n't know why the bernie fans seem to think he could have achieved everything too . 
  as if america was going to go full socialist if he won . 
  as if he was ever going to win . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  yes , this is the most likely answer , and not that there was a massive fuck up in youtube 's back end . 
  guy with an arts degree here - it 'll also remove nail polish really well . 
  how fucking amazing would it be if a bunch of anons on 4chan had set up this hoax last year though . 
  everyone was impressed with the tiny little stunts they pulled , this is n't even next level , this is a whole new system of measurement . 
   most women need way more than a few seconds of boob mashing as foreplay, 
   do n't mash and squeeze her breasts , this will hurt . 
  uh , this reads like a contradiction ? 
  maybe it 's just the double use of ` mash ' ? 
  why do people hate tracer but love hanzo :(, 
  they have multiple cameras on the audience with an editor choosing later which segments of footage are used for the televised program . 
  as to why the camera stayed on him , why would n't it ? 
  camera people down here do this all the time at sportsgames and shit when they find a funny person . 
  shit , this is brilliant . 
  we had very mild flooding in nz the other week and the cops had to go stop some blokes wakeboarding down the streets of the richest suburb in auckland . 
  they 'd tied their boards to the back of utes to do it, 
  i dunno man , maybe it 's playing in gold , but whenever i pick tracer , or see someone pick tracer , it 's inevitably followed by `` maybe not tracer dude , how about a real dps '', 
  wait , is this about scoop neck tees ? 
  because that 's not petty , that 's a sign of douchebaggery, 
  iliac is in the pelvis , above the groin ( [ 3 second google ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ea/pelvic_girdle_illustration.svg/380px-pelvic_girdle_illustration.svg.png ) ) and the left radial artery is probably the closest artery to the heart with easy access ( think about where they put drips etc ) . 
  then again , you can just google iliac occlusion and [ find this cardio article which refers to stents in the left arm for easy access . 
  ] ( http://www.cathlabdigest.com/articles/treating-chronic-total-occlusion-iliac-artery-transradial-approach ), 
  that said , it 's probably all fake , because it 's the internet . 
  m8 i 'm trying to pretend i am the successful doctor my mother hoped for , gim me a break and let me kill the hypothetical patient !, 
  using my new +29 karma doctor skill ( that translates to level 29 doctor right ?? ), 
  i think the most likely answer is that she had a simple occlusion solved by a stent and that her foot was cold bc she kicked the duvet off, 
  yes what ails you, 
  ah interesting !, 
  i did assume that it would be femoral access , but the article that i linked ( which the other backseat doctor might have read ) said there was a problem with his particular patient 's femoral access or something , so that could be where this all comes from . 
  yes i do, 
  i prescribe you one good book and three days at the beach, 
  for a second there i was like `` wow , this guy is * really * calm under pressure , why is n't he screaming or anyt - oh . 
  probably bad hygiene at a restaurant or food prep area . 
  if we finish the kiwi and keep it clean , there 's a great big union jack we could co opt with a southern cross, 
  next time post the quote in quote marks , and do your eli5 afterwards . 
  if schiff did n't say that , you ca n't quote him as saying that . 
  literally not how quotes work . 
  the correct way to do it would have been :,
