  the ties are strengthened in part by living on , tending to , and protecting the same land that your ancestors did for successive generations . 
  from otago university 's website :, 
   t\u016brangawaewae tends to be where we were either born or brought up , or alternatively , our ancestral land . 
  it is a place where we feel we have a strong sense of belonging and a deep spiritual connection . 
  it 's also why the pepeha names the mountain , the water , and the waka . 
  they 're intrinsically linked and you ca n't separate them . 
  in that regard , the tohunga 's role in spiritual matters is tied to the land and not only their personal connection , but that of their hapu and iwi . 
  `` is a cheque ok ? '', 
  to get her pregnant and tell her son she was right about the girl being a gold digging little slut ? 
  this is pretty standard for pentecostals lol, 
  ... is n't this how being a guest works ? 
  you take food and drink and whatever is n't eaten stays behind and you pick up the dishes later . 
  300 hours played in 4 months . 
  already sold more than $ 40 worth of ingame items . 
  still enjoying it . 
  recommend . 
  hey / u/rakino , did you know briscoes has an enormous sale on this weekend ? 
  sheet sets are 50 % off !, 
  [ your invoice for advertising rendered will be in your inbox shortly . ], 
  but homeowners ca n't up the price they want for their house just to cover the realtor 's fee . 
   if the 70k + bracket goes to 75 % and there is a small change in healthcare provided . 
  is that acceptable ? 
  they 'd probably introduce a higher tax bracket and make it 50 % rather than jumping this one to 75 % . 
  and yeah , that 's acceptable . 
  if i was making $ 200k , i 'd happily pay 50 % on everything above say , $ 130k . 
  realistically ? 
  greater powers to fight gang crime is a good thing for them when it 's used wisely . 
  there 's the potential for abuse , and they 'll worry about that . 
  it 's the perception that 's probably the biggest problem . 
  you live on paycheck from 5 months earlier, 
   i 've found two 8x scopes at the first building i 've looted , and a squadmate also found another scope at another building in the first city ( same game ) . 
  does this happen every game you play in ? 
  or did it happen in one game ? 
  how many games have you played total ? 
  why does one game where you found two 8xs in the same house mean anything ? 
  i found two ar suppressors in the same house yesterday , but i 'm not about to claim that they 're common . 
  that 's your fault for not having a boat . 
  baseball players are professional athletes who have that career because of their throwing ability . 
  surprisingly , the majority of regular people are unable to throw a baseball accurately at stupid high speeds , so why would you expect that ? 
  if you die first in a solo game you get 30 points . 
  if you die first in squads you get 15 x 4 ( each squad member ) , and if you queue for squads solo and without matching with people , you get 60 points because the 15 x 4 is n't split among anyone . 
  you 're the one suggesting grenade throws should work like real life baseball throws , not me . 
  i hid a boat behind a rock and boarded another guy 's boat to kill him the other day . 
  piracy is life, 
  simplest solution is to make the plane 's afk-ejection event happen over water . 
  ca n't be punched out . 
  because throwing a grenade and throwing a baseball have two completely different goals . 
  you ever see a catcher miss a baseball ? 
  it does n't just stop with them . 
  it rockets past . 
  if you throw a grenade like that in pubg it 's going to ( a ) fly 100ft past the guy you 're throwing it at before it explodes , or ( b ) hit a wall and bounce back 30ft where you 'll then complain about pubg 's shitty grenade physics . 
  grenades are lobbed because you want them to land accurately . 
  pitching does not accurately land objects . 
  eh , that 'll always be a problem . 
  tf2 had people idle in servers to get items . 
  dota 2 had it . 
  i have n't noticed it to anywhere near the same extent in pubg . 
  i went to the bathroom and missed my drop zone and when i landed it was me , one afk , and half a squad . 
  one of my teammates did it a few games later and he got 2 kills out of it before coming back to join us . 
  dunno mate , i reckon it should be illegal to tell someone to discriminate on grounds of religion . 
  i thought people on the right were all about free market capitalism ? 
  does that not apply when you explore muslims niche markets ? 
  the herald is where the scum were gathering last i saw . 
  i 've come 99/99 by diving to school and not finding a gun instantly . 
  does that mean i do n't deserve any participation bp ? 
  um , the one who is deciding what show to watch from netflix 's extensive catalogue . 
  how the fuck does someone survive on $ 9 an hour . 
  so you will reward afks , but you wo n't reward a player who jumps early to contest a highly populated zone ? 
  you do n't like 'em ? 
  stick on on an m24 and you can * pfft * everyone in the game to sleep . 
  i spose you could just have them fly off the map again and then they 're sent back to the lobby, 
  that 's not really how usefulness works ... there 's a few hundred m16s in every game , but they 're still good . 
  you think they 're trash because they 're common ? 
  which means you 're placing value on rarity rather than applicability . 
  ### well there was no need to yell about it , i 'm just not used to sensible humour here, 
  ## i really have no clue how the header format works because if you go too far it reverts like that, 
  that 's subjective . 
  you do realise that the big bang theory is on season 10 or something now ? 
  it has funny parts , but it 's definitely not what i 'd call 10 seasons funny . 
  however , there are people who do think it 's that funny , and they watch it , and they love it , and cbs renews it . 
  same thing with iron fist . 
  you can complain about how awful it is , but there are a number of people who will enjoy it . 
  sorry , let me rephrase it . 
  how the fuck does someone survive on $ 9 an hour to move up in the company ? 
  uh , how is teaching kids about recycling going to destroy the environment ? 
  so once again , how is someone supposed to survive for 90 day on $ 9 an hour ? 
  i 'm in new zealand , where minimum wage is $ 15.75 . 
  that 's $ 11.25 usd , which you 're telling me your employees wo n't get until they 've been there for 6 months . 
  how is someone supposed to cover all the costs of living on that low, 
  a wage for six months ? 
  why would anyone * want * to get off unemployment that was keeping them alive and somewhat financially secure , just to take a six month job where they 'd hopefully make it up to $ 11/hr . 
  and that 's with the risk that they just get turfed out after six months and are unemployed again . 
  and over your fanny . 
  but the point of this thread was to dissuade afk bots . 
  your solution is to give no points to last place , which can easily be someone dying at a populated place like school , or someone dropping into zharki with one other enemy and not getting the first gun . 
  i 'd say 90 % of my games are * not * an afk player getting punched out , but someone luckily finding a gun and killing someone else . 
  so if last place does n't get bp , but last place is never an afk , the afks will still get bp , and you have n't solved shit . 
  lmao, 
  we all get there eventually !, 
  that does n't matter , tpp is a legitimate game mode , and this guy 's just being an arsehole .
