  sheldon : with as much debt as you have , probably not next year either . 
  funny bc ( a ) snarky , ( b ) kuthra is bad at finance management despite being a rocket scientist or some shit . 
  all these jokes would have been on friends , or the drew carey show , or spin city , or will and grace , and would have been good . 
  people just get annoyed because tbbt is the old sitcom format in a new era of tv that is way better , and because they 're nerds and real nerds are sensitive . 
  100 % genuine . 
  he 's an older man . . 
  most people die from smoke asphyxiation before the fire reaches them , so there 's that . 
   the wildfire incident, 
  this made me laugh because as an historian i come across so many major events that are described as `` incident '' because people do n't want to say `` massacre '' , `` war '' , or some other nasty word . 
  incident has to be one of the most common euphemisms ever . 
  on taco tuesday it 's a different kind of lava !, 
  what the fuck , the person was running a shelter and facilitating a lot of good work , and they 're not allowed to choose to purchase a dog instead of adopting one ? 
  your community sounds whack, 
  this is the best answer . 
  and book fairs oh my god , book fairs . 
  $ 5 fill a bag ? 
  hells yeah . 
  $ 3 for 1 kg of books ? 
  yes please . 
  i love book fairs . 
  i walk out with a car load full of books for $ 20 and i can pick up an entire series in one afternoon . 
  i 've got two pyrex jugs and i was ecstatic to get those , and you 've got 120 ? 
  possible , but that 's embezzlement or theft , and is a completely different scenario . 
  this is someone being witch hunted because they made a choice that others disagreed with . 
  wow . 
  so are they sexist , selfish , stupid , or all of the above ? 
  she was a fantastic candidate . 
  stop trying to pretend that the fact that a woman was a nominee had no effect . 
  people like you are the reason we get others saying `` do n't punch nazis , let them speak '' . 
  she was fucking demonised for three decades because she was a powerful outspoken woman and that has everything to do with her losing votes to sexist trash . 
  i 'm not saying people do n't like strong women , i 'm saying they do n't like women period . 
  newsflash : you 're not the only person who did n't vote for clinton , and a large portion of them would never ever vote for a woman to be in charge . 
  it said ` client copy ' on the pages , so it 's definitely from his organisation . 
  wait , do you mean the one sitting nonchalantly , legs crossed on the sofa , looking at nigel like he 's the biggest twat ever ? 
  because she does n't look scared , she just looks like she thinks they 're all a wee bit pathetic . 
  commentator 1 : what 's that you say ? 
  * sighs . 
  * means big . 
  c3 : really big . 
  c1 : phwoar . 
   when it comes to choices , many have developed learned helplessness where they assume they have no control and are reliant on external assistance, 
  i do n't think this is a lack of life skills so much as it is people getting overwhelmed and panicking . 
  it 's really hard to dislike pom fans when you 're all so reasonable and self aware like this !, 
   `` let 's just say that jesus christ was brought into it on more than one occasion . 
  one comment actually said that jesus wept when he saw our pint of guinness . '', 
  he seems amazed by this but every irish relation i 've ever met has dropped it in conversation at least once, 
  crusaders are 2 to 1 , get on it before they start scoring . 
  what sort of pub does n't have a tv rolled out for friday night footy ? 
  crusaders back to $ 1.75 , if the blues get the next try , ready your wallets !, 
  edit : someone replied saying the blues look better , the banter round here gets funnier every week, 
  rurals , miners , and working class , makes sense . 
  hopefully they 'll boot perenara and bring in kerr-barlow at 2nd and pulu for 3rd, 
  remember when you played us a few weeks back ? 
  blues burn out , crusaders come back after getting ripped into at half time , crusaders win by 10 . 
  i do n't like him , no secret . 
  5:1 on the crusaders lmao, 
  ... so crusaders by 30 ? 
  29 min , 2 tries required . 
  shit , i 've never noticed that fenton actually drove the entire herd across a road, 
  your gold and green is clashing with the * we * in your comment . 
  yeah usually it 's the lock behind the prop . 
  ooh , you were n't alive for the going brothers obviously . 
  i wonder how much the tab lost on people betting on the crusaders at 5:1, 
  when ? 
  i got $ 5.50 at h2h 24-5 . 
  shit !, 
  oh well , one at 2:1 and one at 5.5:1 is n't bad . 
  a lot of the people who were warning america about trump last year had arts degrees . 
  they 're the people , like jake tapper , warning you today . 
  arts degrees are n't about a contribution to culture and the arts , they 're about ideas and communication of ideas . 
  that step mother of god, 
  perfect call by the ref , but damn that step, 
  green machine was recalibrating, 
  bloody laughing my head off at aaron smith telling the ref he knocked it on, 
  who 's this ref bringing the shit talking ? 
  he 's great, 
  1/5 kicking and people still want him as the first stringer, 
  well that 's slipped away now . 
  shit they 're two fun teams to watch though, 
  could be worse boys , we could be blues fans, 
  yeah , but the blues have been bottom for several seasons !, 
  be cheery !, 
  mate , we 've been good more recently , and that 's what counts !, 
  that start - two types of people . 
  how come the bunker can cancel a perfectly good try for a shitty offside but they ca n't cancel a forward pass ? 
  that and a concussion, 
  fitzy you fucking legend, 
  i 'm 99 % sure that joy division is mark reason or stephen jones ' secret reddit account, 
  yeah , we never made it to 20 , let alone 24 . 
  there 's three , you 're forgetting the all black sevens . 
  which is why most people still refer to the all blacks , nz maori , and nz sevens . 
  they did n't score as many points as the other lot , and that meant they lost , which is the wheels coming off . 
  there , there scotland , the first step is winning . 
  you 'll do it one day . 
  * bastion - the most beautiful and enjoyable ` small ' game i 've ever played . 
  * pokemon gold/silver - imo , the absolute unbeatable champ of the pokemon games . 
  it came at the sweet spot of pokemon generations where 250 was just enough pokemon , but not too many . 
  it 's 20 years old and i 'm currently 50 hours into a playthrough for probably the 30th time . 
  * age of empires ii - it got an official expansion 18 years after release . 
  explain that .
