  several scholars have speculated that he was gay or bisexual . 
  obviously he would n't have been open at that time , so we 'll probably never know . 
  * `` my father will hear about this !, 
  yes , t-shirts with the slogan `` hillary sucks but not like monica '' were referencing corruption , not gender . 
  pins and shirts referencing `` the bitch '' were not about her gender , but her corruption . 
  a t-shirt that referred to her as a kfc special with `` 2 fat thighs . 
  2 small breasts ... left wing '' was n't about her being a woman at all . 
  i understand that you do n't like her , but how would it negatively affect you to admit that there was a sexist campaign run against her ? 
   voters did n't turn out for her because she was a bad candidate . 
  [ black voters did . 
  latino voters did . 
  asian voters did . 
  ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/election/results/exit-polls/national/president ) are you suggesting that non-white voters do n't know how to tell a good candidate from a bad one ? 
  good point , [ here 's the full page for heads of government . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_elected_or_appointed_female_heads_of_government ) , and [ here 's the one for heads of state . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_elected_and_appointed_female_heads_of_state ), 
  the colours are for roles , not times . 
  yellow is for a female head of government , blue is for a head of state , light green is for a female who held a position that combined both of those roles , and dark green is for having a female in * each * of those roles . 
  the head of state can have a wide array of power , but the easiest way to describe the position is as ` the chief public representative of that state ' . 
  in america , this is the president . 
  in the commonwealth countries , it 's the queen . 
  this is why the queen will go on trips for the uk government , or will send her children and grandchildren in her stead - it 's a pr position . 
  but in the ex-colonies like india , australia , and new zealand , we do n't have the queen come and do visits on our behalf : we have the governor-general , who is her representative . 
  the head of government is arguably where the true power lies . 
  again , in america , this is the president , as the powers are combined . 
  in the countries where the queen is the head of state , the prime minister is the head of government . 
  they head parliament , and lead the party that is in control . 
  ahk , i remember there were some worries about issues with the tppa in nz because we 're phasing out smoking completely . 
  you gave him a vote , that 's an endorsement , happy or not . 
  you willingly chose to support a man who could put people 's lives in danger by repealing abortion laws , who could further disenfranchise citizens with attacks on the voting rights act , and who could promote discrimination against lgbt communities by letting states decide how they get treated . 
  all of that , because of what ? 
  some emails ? 
  some donations from banks ? 
  yes , it is . 
  but she still got the popular vote because less people turned out for trump too . 
  it was a lower turnout overall , not just for hillary . 
  it 's usually attached to religion though . 
  i was just wondering , because i 've never heard a non-religious person claim that abortion was killing humans rather than fetuses . 
  yes , let 's disregard the heinous crimes the british committed in ireland , and instead equate the ira to al qaeda . 
  i remember this . 
  my mum woke me up for school saying `` come look at the tv first '' , which was weird in itself because we never had the tv on before school . 
  i went out and my dad was ironing his shirt in front of the telly and watching replays of planes flying into it and i was shocked . 
  then we got to school and it was all anyone talked about through the first few periods . 
  you know what , fair enough . 
  better that those hundreds of thousands of innocent unborn humans are born into a country of hate , where it 's likely they 'll suffer the most . 
  they 're both classified as terrorist organisations by the organisations they have targeted . 
  their goals are markedly different however , and that 's an important distinction . 
  the ira ( i 'm talking pre-good friday agreement only ) only ever fought for the independence of ireland and the expulsion of an occupying military force from their land . 
  al qaeda 's goals were to enrage america and the west so much that they were provoked into attacking a muslim nation , in turn leading to a muslim uprising against the west and finally to a world wide caliphate . 
  the ira pursued these goals through attacks on military ( and government ? ), 
  personnel , and military ( and govt ? ), 
  property . 
  as far as i know , civilians were collateral , and were not actively targeted by the organisation ( although assorted splinter groups had different motivations and standards of acceptable targets ) . 
  that 's not terrorism , that 's warfare . 
  al-qaeda on the other hand flew two plans into the world trade centre , another into the pentagon , and hijacked the fourth that crashed in pa. 
  they were responsible for the deaths of thousands of civilians , and targeted those civilians . 
  that is terrorism . 
  another point : at the time of 9/11 , america was not currently invading any muslim countries . 
  post-9 / 11 , iraq and afghanistan were both occupied in part by american forces . 
  in ireland , there are six counties that were occupied by british military forces , and a large civilian population who were subject to persecution by government and the military . 
  this was n't a temporary occupation either . 
  this was seven centuries of british involvement in ireland , resulting in hundreds of thousands of deaths by direct and indirect government action , the largest of which was the potato famine from which the irish population has never fully recovered . 
  so yes , they are both classified as terrorist organisations . 
  but the classification is a subjective one . 
  as an aside , the killing of innocent civilians is not limited to terrorist organisations . 
  the american government has conducted drone strikes on civilians , and in ireland , british special forces were responsible for the murder of 14 civilians in one day at a peaceful protest . 
   yes , period , full stop . 
   better they are born then not . 
  so do you think it 's the right choice to force a woman who has been raped to carry a rapist 's child to term against her will ? 
  that is literally exactly what it means . 
  bernie was screwed by an american political system that traps people in an uncompromising two party system . 
  the dnc fucking over bernie ? 
  * that 's how politics works . 
  * leadership manoeuvres are a key part of politics , and hillary and the dnc played it well . 
  bernie was n't a democrat , he was a far left ( for america ) independent who created a problem for the dnc because their core base are nowhere near as liberal as he is . 
  and if they 're represented by someone who does n't stand for the views of a majority of the party , that 's a misstep . 
  his loss of the democratic primary was politics . 
  that 's why the australians had 5 prime ministers in 8 years after numerous leadership coups . 
  it 's why the british labour party and the new zealand labour party have had multiple leaders in the same period , while obama has been a stable entity for 8 years . 
  assange himself has said that there is so much information that they ca n't afford the time to go through and redact it all anymore , so they just dump the lot . 
  he 's endangered security operatives , and civilians , across a wide range of countries . 
  one instance was a list of names in turkey that were prime targets for erdogan after the recent coup . 
  can you link me some of the corrupting emails ? 
  all i 've seen so far is stuff from t_d trying to make out like obama and podesta were having parties with child sex slaves . 
   can trump read and understand 30 pages of a complex bill in the house ? 
  probably not . 
   was n't his charity running without a permit ? 
  do you really think a guy worth 3.4 billion is running the charity himself ? 
  or the chinese or an eu force . 
  both of which would face a threat on their borders from russia , not to mention the brits just left the eu so fuck knows where that leaves them . 
  hell of a situation . 
  probably a bit of both . 
  irish-americans and german-americans faced discrimination in america for different reasons . 
  the irish were catholics , which goes against the majority religion of the us . 
  the germans were suspected of being traitors because of germany 's antagonism in the war . 
  it 's the same reason that japanese-americans would later be interred in camps during wwii . 
  the opposition to using the term comes from wanting assimilation , which is in turn rooted in nationalism . 
  another way to think of it is identity politics . 
  during successive waves of immigration to america , the fears have always been the dilution of american culture . 
  trump played on this through the campaign when he talked about muslims coming to america to implement sharia law .
