  but it 's also mostly good natured sledging . 
  god knows we copped it when the abs dived out in 07 . 
  that 's hilarious , because the only abuse i 've ever copped at any rugby game was when i was leaving eden park after the 2011 rwc match between australia and ireland . 
  i had an irish flag around my shoulders , and an australian came up to me and started giving me grief . 
  then another group of australians came up , pulled him away , and walked down the street laughing with me . 
  there 's bad apples in every bunch . 
  yeah but that 's irrelevant is n't it ? 
  booing an opposing team is n't great , but it 's not shitty . 
  booing your own team because they lose ? 
  what the fuck sort of fan does that ? 
  i 've never heard an all black team get booed by an nz crowd for losing , and i doubt it 's happened to aussies either . 
  booing other teams during the game is completely different to booing * your own fucking captain * as he 's doing an interview . 
  it 's not hard to click to wikipedia and go `` oh , look , bonus points are here , and you get them for 4 tries and finishing within 7 !, 
  '' , even for a front rower . 
  why would they blame people for selections in a lions tour that they won ? 
  except no nz crowd boos our team , or our captain . 
  they boo people who get yellows or reds when we 're down , but they do n't boo because we lost . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  one is getting involved in the match , and trying to psych out the team playing your team . 
  the other is being a petulant brat and booing someone who looks to you for support because they were n't doing as well as you hoped . 
  i ask again : what the fuck sort of fan is that ? 
  no one 's ever going to agree to remove friendlies from counting because that leads to inaccurate stats . 
  the score does n't always reflect the skill displayed in a game , and if italy loses five 6n games by 3 points each time , they deserve a drop for not taking a drop goal in any of those games and hitting a draw . 
  japan got done 145-9 in 1995 . 
  2011 they got done 80-7 or something . 
  hong kong or south korea will bring in audiences for the 2019 cup as well , which will promote the sport . 
  pretty much this . 
  tonga , samoa , and fiji could put 70 + points on the next best teams in europe that are n't in this world cup . 
  world rugby wo n't leave all three out , and will do their damnedest to bring them in . 
  the alternative is germany , portugal , and spain joining and getting done by 170 points . 
  we 'll have a parade !, 
  and a shared lunch !, 
  fairy bread and pav !, 
  dean who ? 
  6 caps in 8 years ? 
  lol . 
  he runs sideways a lot does n't he, 
  the monarchy 's not that important to the colonies now , but that 's a bit daft by fitz . 
  is william never meant to support england ? 
  is he meant to splice shirts ? 
  gah , i bet on aussie to top the pool , but i 'd love to see one of them go in the qf . 
  the point is that you have to start somewhere . 
  except that the only bit of talking up in there is him saying `` england are at home and have a great pack '' and `` we have two world class kickers '' . 
  the rest of it is talking shit apart from the pocock/hooper bit . 
  shit , i figured since wales was n't playing he would support england . 
  that 's not what i was saying at all . 
  it 's a convenient team to have entering the cup since it is being staged in asia . 
  the pacific island nations deserve far better treatment than they get , and it 's a disgrace that three countries that have contributed so much to rugby are so marginalised . 
  for this world cup it makes sense . 
  korea is ranked 25th , hong kong 26th . 
  it 's in japan , which means they can get numbers in there from those two countries . 
  chances are it 'll be someone like namibia that misses out on 2019 . 
  we still do n't know how the qualification will work . 
  they already have established teams who play japan . 
  korea has a competition with domestic clubs , universities , and military teams . 
  how the fuck is it a double standard ? 
  i did n't bag the english for booing australians , did i ? 
  i bagged them for booing ** their own god damn captain . 
  do you not see how pathetically low that is ? 
  aye , they , like the other 15 % , thought there was a bit of anzac welcoming over there . 
  turns out that even if 650,000 people pay taxes to the australian government , they do n't qualify for any of the government benefits . 
  it would n't be both in . 
  and i think the island teams would make it , but others - uruguay/namibia maybe would miss out . 
  world rugby know that fiji , samoa , and tonga are able to challenge the tier 1s . 
  they 're needed in the competition . 
  they also bring exciting rugby . 
  you 'll need to pick a new team and change your flair mate  ai n't no connacht in the super comp !, 
  * massssster *, 
  sorry for that mate , we 're generally quite nice to visitors because they 're bringing rugby teams !, 
  everytime you reply to me , you seem to misread . 
  i did n't say i hate england , i said i was happy they were going out . 
  i also said there was a weird vibe with ** some ** of their flairs on this sub . 
  your indignation is ridiculous , and paranoid . 
  if you take someone saying that some english people are scum and shit supporters as indicating that all english people are , you have inferiority issues . 
  and lastly , no , i doubt the richie or the abs would be booed for playing badly against two of the better teams in the world . 
  in fact , here 's video of them coming home in 2007 . 
  [ video 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gneihlbi4ro ), 
  [ video 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krkg-1jwjks ), 
   who exactly consists of ` they ' ? 
  this is really vague . 
  english media mostly . 
  some english fans . 
   one bad post from an internet random with an england flair, 
  firstly , he had an entire post history of them . 
  secondly , i did n't want to shit up a thread with a post of everything i thought was bad . 
   now you 're just straight up insulting people . 
  ok , so i use ` fuck off ' pretty loosely , and that 's my fault . 
  do you not agree that people that boo their own captain , their own team , are scum ? 
  that 's incomprehensible to me . 
  that 's jumping ship at the first hint of trouble . 
  that 's fairweather . 
  each match page has the scoring on the left hand side , and it also has missed kicks . 
  you 'd have to go through each one manually i think , which would suck . 
  have to agree . 
  i think it 's an instant gratification thing . 
  i 'm not saying kiwi fans are different to everyone else , i 'm saying english fans are . 
  i 've never seen other nation 's fans booing their teams . 
  only the english . 
  by the way , maybe you should read comments , or just learn not to be selective in your quoting . 
  the comment i replied to originally asked this :,
