  well , detroit , did n't collect on their bills , so they charged everybody else , but - flint - flint had to pay their bill to detroit . '', 
  this is why the third person is always a stranger !, 
  christ , the end of that video though . 
  `` it 's not that bad apparently . 
  hopefully not . '', 
  * car headlight sweeps across his face and shows a gash that goes through his beard . 
  damn , that 's bleak as fuck . 
  that 's like saying the slave is n't actually a slave , he 's just doing the work because he consents to not being beaten . 
  obviously they 're hoping that all arsenal fans will stand up and condemn terrorism , just like they hope all muslims will !, 
  taking this literally , player unknown 's battlegrounds . 
  a few weeks ago i saw that half of the 30 or so people online on my steam friends list were playing it . 
  now i 've added all sorts of people from a wide range of games , and i do n't know any of them . 
  so when i see them all playing the same game , i get curious . 
  i bought it , and a week later i had 80 hours sunk in . 
  it 's excellent . 
  i have n't looked into much of this thread , but thinking about the differences between correct the record and trumpites , i 'd say it 's the difference between fake news and real news . 
  from my understanding , ctr was only ever trying to stem the flow of fake news . 
  trump 's side actively worked to put out more . 
  i 'd guess the pitcairn bloke was a bit over worked around 2004 what with arresting a third of the island 's male population . 
  you should read up on robert muldoon . 
  he was a kiwi pm back in the 70s/80s who got horsed in his office and called a snap election live on tv . 
  he lost in a landslide . 
  really dude ? 
  130 imams come out and say they wo n't perform the funerary rites and your response is `` that 's not that impressive . 
  there are 1700 mosques in the uk , what about the other 1500 imams ? '', 
  why is that remotely important ? 
  why do you need these people to come out and condemn terrorism just because they 're muslim too ? 
  i assume if i look through your comment history i 'll find you calling for the 50,000 churches to condemn paedophilia in churches , or the iraq war led by a man who claims a christian god ? 
  our centre right prime minister was further to the left than barack obama . 
  america is a very strange beast to us . 
  in the context of american politics , he was a leftist . 
  your centre is far to the right of other countries in the anglosphere . 
  ~ ~ she printed out a file that only 6 people had seen ~ ~ , she was one of six people to print off a file , and then she handed it off to media who she had been emailing with . 
  it does n't seem like that bright a move on her part . 
  lad i am cackling at that wall of text, 
  i 'm honestly taking time to compose myself before i reply because god damn that is the most uninformed post i 've ever seen on / r/politics, 
  oh sorry man , gucci 's one . 
  cultural colonialism . 
  coke , maccas , hollywood 's movies on every corner . 
  all advertising the american way of life as the perfect way of life . 
  yet any opposition to that is portrayed as traitorous . 
  uh , when exactly were american obligations under anzus restored ? 
  at the same time , the redditors screaming that this is co-ordinated by the russians and the white house to detract from the comey hearing probably are n't too trustworthy , yet they have top post in several threads . 
  might as well boost the hygienist to the top too !, 
  a fellow redditor !, 
  how do you do ? 
  and he was jewish . 
  america 's had 45 presidents , and only one of them was n't a protestant . 
  kiwis literally gave his policies and representatives the finger less than 24 hours ago, 
  blues up by fifty at 60 minutes before the lions score 51 in the final quarter to make all the blues fans cry out as one, 
  legend , save myself a trip to the bar !, 
  anyone else think that the lions ( and england/wales now i think of it ) have a habit of spreading the ball to the backs too fast instead of making ground ? 
  why the hell did the blues take the ball and pass it down to someone in the lineout rather than out of it, 
  holy fuck the blues player hit the other guy 's hand , not the ball . 
  same dude , twice in less than 2 minutes , and he wraps his arms both times . 
  can he not put his hands up to the ball rather than around the other player 's torso ? 
  his * best friend *, 
  mate , you never notice how the stadium empties at half time ? 
  that 's because 40,000 of us crowd into the locker room to give the boys a slap on the bum and a cheering hug !, 
  the lions won 8 out of 10 matches when they toured australia in 2014 . 
  that included a barbarians team with several international representatives in it , who lost by 51 points . 
  in contrast , the provincial barbarians made up of players no one has ever heard of lost by 6 points . 
  the games the lions lost in australia were to the wallabies , and to the brumbies . 
  they managed to beat the force , the rebels , and the waratahs by 30 or more points , and they beat the reds by 10 . 
  warren gatland , by the stats , is doing a good job for wales . 
  in matches against major opponents , wales has a higher winrate under gatland than they do overall :, 
  france | 55 % | 50 %, 
  scotland | 100 % | 57 %, 
  it 's worth noting that against ireland his winrate is down 4 % from the overall , but ireland has had a notable resurgence in the last decade . 
  he 's also seen 1 of wales ' 3 wins over south africa , and the only team he has struggled against is australia . 
  so perhaps he 's not the problem either . 
  pretty sure someone jumping in front of you does n't mean you have to give them a hug buddy, 
  we know about the lions mate . 
  we watched the lions gather players from four nations in 2013 and play australia . 
  we saw them in '09 when they won a test . 
  we 're rugby fans , thanks , not complete fucking idiots . 
  we know that this team has n't been training together for months on end , but we also expect a little better from a team that the fans were crowing about on this sub not more than a week ago . 
  it 's also hard work . 
  it usually involves a 30-40 ,000 word research project on original material . 
  source : masters student . 
  does n't look like isis at all actually . 
  there 's one tweet being spammed over and over that says '' #islamic law makes it obligatory for #muslim countries to protect and defend their non-muslim citizens ! '', 
  which is definitely not a position isis would take . 
  i did n't look too deeply , but it 's possible . 
  i suppose they 're hopping on popular hashtags in the uk, 
  do n't feel like you were n't pulling your weight , there was n't much involvement from the english , irish , or welsh either, 
  ** i 'd like to thank the british and irish lions for their contribution to mental health awareness in new zealand . 
  ** it 's hard to admit to your friends and family that you ca n't beat the blues . 
  where 'd you come from ? 
  black kids in america get shot for playing with toy guns . 
  they get shot for walking in the wrong neighbourhood . 
  how the fuck is that not a threat ? 
  edit : negs right out the gate , but tamir rice was 12 years old and playing in the snow with a toy gun and a cop shot him within 5 seconds of exiting his squad car . 
  tamir rice was murdered because he was a black kid in america . 
  someone explain to me how that is n't a threat from racism in america . 
  would tamir rice be dead if he was a white child ? 
  would people have assumed that he was a threat or would they have laughed it off as `` boys will be boys '' ? 
  what kid has n't made a mistake ? 
  what kid has n't pointed a toy gun at people ? 
   dylan noble exited the truck and approached , then moved away from officers , who called for backup .
