  glad someone 's making use of that list . 
  i think i need to edit it a bit , and add in ranginui walker and a bit more belich . 
  did n't downvote , but ok . 
  the dictionary link you 've provided is showing how the date is written in america . 
  in american format , it 's july 4th . 
  but if i google independence day i get a million results from american news sources and websites referring to the fourth of july weekend , not the july 4th weekend . 
  just added it . 
   so expressing those sentiments in texas would have resulted in a different response ? 
  somewhat . 
  there was a lot of criticism at the time that it was said while on tour and not at home . 
  if she 'd said it in america , it could have been taken as normal dissent . 
  overseas , they viewed it as something worse . 
  like airing your family 's dirty laundry in public . 
  nah it would n't . 
  she said it on stage at a concert in a city that is extremely liberal , and she got a huge response because the crowd were n't down with the war either . 
  but if she 'd said it in texas , people probably would have booed her a bit , she would have gone on to the next song , and it would n't have been reported anywhere because nobody gives a fuck about a texan , in texas , saying they 're ashamed of the president and his war . 
   i do n't honestly believe that you believe what you wrote . 
  congrats , you 're officially so smart that you know what i think when i write it . 
  the entire point of the furore was that she said it in london . 
  your entire point was that location made no difference . 
  yes , there would have been some outcry in texas . 
  it would have been nothing like london because no one even knew they were touring europe until she said that in london . 
  london literally made the story . 
  chances are , she would n't have even said it in texas , in which case , * the location made all the difference . 
  does fly , the alexa link is what he 's basing his # 7 rank on for reddit . 
  [ but the alexa link does n't have a count for unique page views ] ( http://www.alexa.com/topsites ) . 
  what it does have is ` daily pageviews per visitor ' and ` daily time on site ' - both of which are the largest numbers of any site on the entire list . 
  so if the site traffic is measured by number of pages viewed , and number of minutes spend on the site , reddit is up there because users spend more time there and view more pages than users of any other site do . 
  and while reddit has 250m uniques/mon , google has over a billion . 
  that 's 1/7th the global population using google monthly , while reddit has 1/28th . 
  and that 1/28th is probably majority of a certain age . 
  andrew scott 's 40 , and probably outside the main demographic of reddit users . 
  hell , i 'm probably smack in the middle of the target demographic and i 've only used it for 2 years because it did n't offer any value to me before that . 
  so it 's completely feasible that andrew scott does n't have a clue what reddit is , or how it works , or what is expected of him in an ama . 
  lol . 
  now you 're just making guesses with no facts and you did n't look at the alexa source either . 
  google appears 13 times on that list , because it has a different version for the biggest languages . 
  google india is 7th on alexa . 
  japan ( 13 ) , germany ( 23 ) , brazil ( 26 ) , france ( 28 ) , and russia ( 29 ) all appear . 
  china 's search engine baidu is 4th . 
  google is largely used by the anglosphere , and the two largest populations in the world in china and india have their own top 10 search engines , so yes , google has market share , but it 's not through google.com , it 's through domains that are counted separately to the numbers i gave . 
  true , i got it from [ this source ] ( https://searchenginewatch.com/sew/news/2081332/google-hits-billion-monthly-unique-visitors-mark ) which turns out to be from 2011 . 
  [ and alexa does show 33 % of that traffic coming from the us ] ( http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/google.com ) , but it 's not 330 million people because unique visits is done by ip , not by person . 
  so a device that accesses from the library is different to the same person accessing at home or work . 
  we 're not talking about how well known a site is , we 're talking about how well known the practice of an ama is , because this entire thread started off when someone accused a 40 year old actor of being a bit shit in an ama . 
  but knowledge of how an ama works drops even inside the users of reddit . 
  i love how there 's a bunch of people arguing that because this dude is white and speaks english he must obviously know how reddit amas work and therefore he was an arsehole when he did n't do it properly . 
  [ from the guardian  ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2003/apr/25/arts.usa ), 
   as entertainment weekly says : `` if it had n't been for one london critic - from the left-leaning newspaper the guardian - approvingly quoting maines 's remark , the group might still have the no 1 country single and a top 10 pop hit instead of being all but banished from the nation 's airwaves . '', 
  it was a throwaway comment that no one gave a fuck about . 
  this was the bit that got me . 
  ah , but you forget that in rugby you have to win the series to take the cup , just like the aussies have found out on several bledisloe occasions !, 
  oh jesus christ this settles it fuck, 
   honestly , you really have no business buying from even a reputable breeder unless you specifically need a working/hunting breed of dog , or you intend to have the dog compete in shows . 
  i dunno man , we bought a pure bred . 
  we looked at dogs we liked the look of , we considered our committments , and we thought about how 15 years of looking after an animal would be . 
  end result ? 
  we chose a pure bred woolly terrier because it does n't shed hair and is tidier , and we 're very happy with her . 
  she 's playful but she 's not so exuberant that my 80 year old aunt ca n't walk her happily . 
  it 's meant extra costs like grooming , but that 's what we signed up for . 
  an informed decision is better than a blanket `` you should n't buy from breeders '' . 
   not the biggest fan of undying, 
  yeah fair enough . 
   nor l4d, 
  wait wtf, 
  literally what this was and i just woke up and saw my inbox thinking `` oh god what the fuck did i say at 3am last night '', 
  obviously we 'd all chip in together !, 
  maybe we could form a group of citizens who took the money we chipped in , and they could decide how we used it , because several million opinions all being yelled at once would be quite deafening . 
  so we could have representatives who discussed the decision together , and then put it in action . 
  i dunno how we 'd choose that group of people though , maybe we could all write a name and drop it in a hat and the person whose name is in there most joins the group ? 
  ooo and we could have like specialists in the group !, 
  like a guy who 's in charge of roads , and a guy who 's in charge of the police . 
  and then you would n't need a good knowledge of thirty different areas , just an expert knowledge of one !, 
  and then you could have one person in charge of everyone , like a team leader maybe ? 
  i like this idea , go libertarians !, 
  what services do you think are unnecessary and could be cut ? 
  we 'd probably have fiefdoms again , because the rich could afford to hire private armies and defend themselves and form little governments around themselves . 
  yes humans are complacent . 
  humans are selfish prats a lot of the time . 
  you really think the man who sees a homeless woman and says `` should have worked harder ! '', 
  is going to change his tune because there 's no government ? 
  is he suddenly going to say `` shit , here , let me help you out with my non taxed income '' ? 
  no , fuck no . 
  he 's going to say `` should have worked harder ! '', 
  because he 's got all this extra money now that reaffirms his belief that he 's a hard successful worker and it 's not due in any part to luck , privilege , or circumstance . 
  i said it as a joke expecting -2 votes and a ban from the sub . 
  it 's selfish to think that you can benefit from the work of others without offering anything in return . 
  yeah , i kind of freaked when i saw my inbox , but even though it was a joke i 'm going to take credit for the stimulated discussion now, 
  literally, 
  probably , i 'm honestly a bit lost in libertarian arguments at the moment , none of it stacks up, 
  he is, 
  i 'm so sorry , but i did n't know this was a sub and i had to see if it worked . 
  turns out there 's a lot of good discussion though, 
  `` they 're the original [ ideology ] '' has never ended badly before . 
  let 's see where this goes, 
  yes you do . 
  you want all of the following things :, 
  * police, 
  * firemen, 
  * legal protection,
