  and he got reamed for that too , because people did n't understand the political process . 
  now he votes against this one , and everyone 's going to act like he 's changed his tune again . 
  learn how the fuck this shit works, 
  grimmz usually sits there and goes over what he did wrong rather than blaming someone else ? 
  `` oh man , he had a really good spot in that house , i should have moved earlier when i had more time but then i had those guys behind me , bad strats guys gg '', 
  edit : ca n't believe you lot hate grimmz so bad you 'd downvote this, 
  the tk one was justified . 
  what the fuck is with you morons bringing it up constantly, 
  yup . 
  you 're kidding me , that jive looking giraffe motherfucker is 9k ? 
  his personality might , he acts like a toddler on stream . 
  i 've watched him for over a month and never once heard him complain about stream snipers . 
  yeah , he says shit like `` oh man , he 's 200m out '' but so does everyone i play with , because that 's what people do . 
  i think you just do n't like him , and that 's fine , but i would n't say he 's anything like the guy you 're portraying . 
  no , i 'm serious . 
  i watch the dude 's stream , and he does n't complain anything like the guy above him suggested . 
  chief of staff is the major dude in the white house behind the president . 
  reince priebus was n't a trump man , he 's a gop man . 
  he was at odds with other people in the admin , like scaramucci , and probably bannon . 
  priebus has been seen as a bit of a counterweight to the crazy and the inexperience of the rest of trump 's team . 
  what 's interesting is that scaramucci only came in this week and priebus is already out . 
  that means either trump was thinking of getting rid of priebus for awhile , or that scaramucci has got a lot of influence over the president . 
  the fun bit is that priebus is apparently one of few the peopple who refused to sign an nda during the campaign , meaning he can sing like a canary now . 
  there were like 30k people watching across several streams , i 'm sure someone reported him, 
  i mean , he 's right , but i also think he 's a wanker so eh, 
  serious question : what 's wrong with him sitting there saying `` argh , he 's just camping in that little room . 
  he 's probably been there the whole time . 
  just kills one person and hides for the next ? '', 
  it 's the first clip in your video and i do n't understand why that counts as irrational or excuses or immature or however you want to describe it ? 
  fuck we need drivers to be able to dual wield matrix style on the motorbikes, 
  tracking other players would be stalking not camping . 
  it 's camping . 
  he picks a strategic spot in each circle . 
  most people would read/watch the entire recipe and make the waffles at the end of the chilling period . 
  ca n't help feeling it 'd work better to make the meat coating in a separate bowl and pour it over once mixed together, 
  reduces cooldown by 14 seconds to 2 . 
  just a bit . 
  but we 're happier than you guys, 
   do n't hide behind lazy bans , ** cries of anti-semitism or other bullshit excuses . 
  so this right here is the problem in a nutshell . 
  people have decided that being told they 're racist is not a good enough reason to stop what they 're doing . 
  this includes anti-semitists . 
  ( i ca n't wait for the inevitable reply to this telling me that jews are n't a race . ), 
  holocaust denial is not based in facts , figures , or any measurable source of objectivity . 
  it 's based in hatred , racism , fear mongering , and rumour . 
  i ca n't be bothered expanding into the history of the jews here , but they 've been persecuted for over a thousand years in europe , from being banned and expelled from england , to pogroms in russia , and eventually , the ghettos and the holocaust of wwii . 
  all of this persecution was based on fear mongering , and a hatred of the ` other ' . 
  the most famous form of this today is probably the `` jews rule the world ! '', 
  conspiracy . 
  this is an extension of the same slurs dropped around jews in the past - that jews operate networks to steal your children and kill them , that jews control the economy and the financial networks . 
  these are age old stereotypes that have been used to turn people against jewish populations throughout europe . 
  modern anti-semites use the holocaust as evidence of a jewish conspiracy to garner sympathy and special privileges for themselves . 
  now , in the past , anti-semitism has resulted in several acts of persecution ( as i wrote , expulsion from england , pogroms , other problems in european countries ) . 
  holocaust denial is the same . 
  it is not a crime because it is advocating a different academic perspective . 
  it is a crime because it is used to further the message of groups that hate jews . 
  there is no valid reason for academics to stand up and debate holocaust deniers , because holocaust deniers do not care about academia . 
  you do n't see academics debating flat earth theorists . 
  why not ? 
  holocaust denial is not about the academy . 
  it 's about you . 
  it 's about the regular person . 
  the person who turns around and says `` do n't hide behind anti-semitism !, 
  debate them ! '', 
  because if they can get one person to say `` hang on , he just cried racism !, 
  that 's not an argument ! '', 
  then they 're one step closer to `` hang on , he 's got a point about the jews ! '', 
  when you say that anti-semitism is a bullshit excuse , you look like a wanker . 
  edit : i just saw your flair . 
  not like a wanker . 
  are a wanker . 
  problem is , people like you claim that it muddies the waters , and people listen , as evidence by the long list of replies you have . 
  perhaps no one has recognised your flair and the principles of strasserism . 
  perhaps they think they can convince you you 're wrong . 
  i 'm done here though , i wo n't talk with someone who subscribes to such a foul philosophy and still claims to be free of antisemitism . 
  it 's * jraphic * you monster, 
  this looks like the opening credits to a fucking awesome tv series with bill murray as the not-lead-but-major-name-actor . 
  you know what i liked ? 
  seeing newman in the geep . 
  that dude shows up everywhere and he 's so weird . 
   well that 's not very academic . 
  yes it is . 
  academics do n't debate whether the sun is a god or is made of fire . 
   you ca n't just `` disprove the the other guys arguments '' once and just leave it there and ban holocaust denial . 
  yes we can . 
   there 's new people born every day who 've never heard of the holocaust , there 's always someone who has n't heard about it . 
  you need to keep repeating this stuff all the time because otherwise people die eventually and it gets forgotten . 
  you can teach the holocaust without exploring the denial aspect . 
  we do n't grant all views equal platforms because not all views are equal . 
   it 's not banned because it 's just a stupid thing to believe and everyone knows it 's not true . 
  why not just treat denial the same way ? 
  because flat earthers are n't groomed on hate , but holocaust deniers are . 
  i think it 's irresponsible to say `` everyone knows what anorexia is '' , because that 's patently not true . 
  we know that people think the solution is to sit down and eat , and that they do n't realise the severity of the problem and the mental struggle attached to it . 
  it 's like depression , where a lot of people think you can just cheer up , and you 'll be cured . 
  similarly , there needs to be responsibility in the making of those shows you 're talking about because yeah , otherwise it is just adding to the problem . 
  i 'll point out that lily collins had an eating disorder too , so she at least had a legitimate point of view on this . 
  i 'm a dude and i texted one of my friends that i was going for drinks with a first time tinder date at her house . 
  sent my friend the address and the name , and she came back with `` ewww '' . 
  she knew why i did it though , and it just feels safer .
