  his `` ambulance '' does n't even have the seats folded down - where 's he supposed to chuck the stretcher ? 
  clever of them to get a mate to email barfoots expressing interest . 
  shitty that property developers are taking advantage of an already fucked market . 
  but this is what i mean . 
  you ca n't always change things from the top , because you 're subject to the system . 
  you can change the system from within though . 
  which is where he could be useful as a leader of one of the houses . 
  skycity actually own 5 casinos , only one of which is in auckland . 
  two of them are in australia . 
  yeah , i get your point - he 's a great guy with a proven track record of doing stuff . 
  you do n't seem to get mine - that does n't necessarily make for a great president . 
  maybe stop downvoting me too since it was just a thought i put out there . 
  i had several other replies that were all reasonable and did n't resort to negging my posts because i thought bernie might be better suited elsewhere . 
   they say that one 's terrorist is another 's freedom fighter . 
  this works in cases like the ira , or the plo , where it 's a guerilla type force fighting against a large entity . 
  it does n't work when you 're talking about agents of one of the most powerful nations in the world , and the events are followed up by economic sanctions to force the victim to toe the line . 
  it was terrorism , and there was no freedom being fought for . 
  except in france it was referred to as a terrorist act , as several people have pointed out . 
  what i was saying is that it 's definitely not analogous with ` freedom fighting ' , as the french were far more powerful . 
  i see that you 're not condoning it , but it also comes across as quite apologist . 
  goliath corporation from the thursday next series of books by jasper fforde . 
  they 're an evil mega-corp that literally reaches into every aspect of life in that world . 
  but they 're also laughably incompetent in many regards and it makes it all so fun . 
  what 's the negative ? 
  god damn , it must suck being marginally conscious of the environment . 
  i 'm from new zealand , where we have a proportional voting system ( mmp ) , and strategic voting is still highly relevant , even with 7-8 parties in parliament . 
  it 's not a problem of fpp , but of politics in general - in our last few elections , the national party ( right wing ) has required the support of other parties to govern . 
  their closest ally is the act party . 
  due to the nature of mmp , a party gets an mp in by winning a seat/electorate , or by getting 5 % of the total vote . 
  act never gets 5 % because they 're right wing loonies , but they * always * get the electorate of epsom . 
  epsom is a relatively rich electorate , but the reason act gets the seat there is because the former leader of act was the local mp for that electorate for several years , and campaigned on the basis of a `` strategic check on government '' and a guaranteed source of support for national . 
  he succeeded , and right wing voters , who would usually vote national , have consequently voted act to keep the party in . 
  this led to a * second * voting strategy emerging : on the left , voters in the electorate encouraged their compatriots to vote for national , in an effort to get rid of the act mp , and return a national mp which would diminish their power in parliament . 
  this is only one example of strategic voting , but it goes on consistently here in many electorates in an effort to prop up the most likely source of resistance to a dominant party . 
  strategic voting is a legitimate and necessary part of politics . 
  it 's all a part of the political dance , and crossing the party lines to vote against trump ? 
  smart move . 
  even smarter if it results in a contested convention where trump loses the nom . 
  the difference is that fire was n't new , or nearly as horrifically effective . 
  2 nukes ( weighing 4\u00a01/2 tons each ) on hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  according to wiki , that impeccable source of information , by the end of the war the british ( i know the americans bombed japan , this is just for a rough estimate ) were using incendiary bombs that weighed 14kg . 
  1,667 tons is roughly 1,512,276 kg , which equates to 108,019 incendiary bombs weighing 14kg each . 
  so with two bombs , the americans managed to flatten two cities , while it took them over a hundred thousand incendiary bombs to burn tokyo , * the effect of which was to only halve japanese factory production * . 
  this means that there was still a huge amount of the city undamaged or at least , not excessively damaged . 
  so no , you 're not uncultured . 
  it 's just a slightly underwhelming fact in the face of the sheer destruction that the two atomic bombs dealt to hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  i like how the way you 've phrased this makes it sound as if he wants to create the app just so that he can get takeout while he 's on a fishing trip at sea . 
  referee conspiracy against the highlanders this season !, 
  first the canes game , now this !, 
   all this talk of the superiority of sh refereeing is comedy . 
  is this a thing ? 
  i 've never seen that ay . 
  barnes and owens are by far the best in the world . 
  ah yeah , but people who matter do n't comment , and people who comment do n't matter . 
  everyone in nz who comments on newspaper articles is a raging homophobe , racist , sexist old man . 
  it 's like our version of trump . 
  so do lower socio-economic classes working multiple jobs , like minority groups . 
  who have been turning out for clinton in larger numbers . 
  acestream is the same as usual : 4dbce55abecd154ff71b3477a332bd63611309e5, 
  this is a horrifically misleading comment . 
  nelson mandela was imprisoned for thirty years , and was offered release from prison at the * end of that period * . 
  not only that , but it was conditional upon him renouncing violence in a country where violence was openly , enthusiastically , and repeatedly perpetrated by the white south african government against coloured and black south africans . 
  to try and portray mandela as some sort of violent psychopath who lived for murder and torture is to ignore the context in which he lived , and to ignore the atrocities carried out by the apartheid government . 
  i do n't know if you 're just misinformed or trying to be edgy with a cool fact about mandela , but this is plain wrong . 
  he was a terrorist in the complete sense of the quotation `` one man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist '' . 
  that is to say , to white afrikaaners he was . 
  [ this too is also wrong . 
  ] ( https://africacheck.org/spot_check/sa-women-not-more-likely-to-be-raped-than-to-learn-how-to-read/ ) it 's a statistic which gets repeated everywhere , with no back up . 
  yesterday i saw it in another reddit thread and it was debunked there too . 
  as for the violence of the old government and the new - that 's complete bullshit . 
  the apartheid governments officially segregated the country for half of the 20th century , when even america had tidied up its act a bit . 
  they evicted 3.5 million people from housing on the basis of colour and put them into the shanty towns , where poverty was rampant and consequently crime rose and education fell . 
  people who protested the treatment they were receiving were beaten , arrested , maimed , or killed , and their leaders ( like nelson mandela ) were imprisoned for extended periods of time . 
  that government committed human rights violations for fifty years , and much of that came * after * they had sanctions imposed upon them by the rest of the world . 
  they did n't give a damn . 
  there 's no way in hell that you can blame the state of south africa today on the actions of twenty years of government , and ignore the effects of fifty years of legally sanctioned racism , and centuries of colonialism prior to that . 
  again , you 're missing the point of context . 
  if south africa was a fairly balanced nation , necklacing would be a terrible crime and mandela would be a crazy murderer . 
  but mandela was fighting for the freedom of million of people , and they had to find a way to make the white government give in . 
  how do you do that ? 
  words do n't work , because black and coloured south africans were less than human . 
  they were n't citizens . 
  * they had less rights in the 80s than african americans pre-wwii . 
  think about that for a second . 
  think about the fact that your mother , sister , brother , father , cousin , child , friend , could be murdered or raped and no one would give two fucks because hey , it 's just a black ay . 
  there 's millions of them . 
  think about the fact that this has been going on for fifty years , and it has systematically driven everyone you now , everyone who is a similar colour to you , into a life of poverty and squalor . 
  now imagine that a few of those people are n't happy with their position . 
  they start to fight back . 
  they protest . 
  they attack the government . 
  they get imprisoned . 
  more protest , more attack government . 
  they die . 
  at this point there are two options : do something so terrible that the government takes note and says `` this is n't worth it anymore '' , or do nothing , and bear the burden , and in doing so , put the burden of change onto people in the future . 
  imagine all that , and tell me that that context has no relevance to the act of necklacing someone . 
  because if you can , you 're completely lacking in all empathy , and there 's no point in discussing this further . 
  what would your solution have been ? 
  what * should * black south africans have done , if not fight back ? 
  this just does n't seem to be an issue where i am .
