  i agree with you on your first point , because the taoiseach is an international leader , whereas gerry is the president of a political party in that system . 
  the second point about patronising would be wrong . 
  over the last few days , the british public have proven to be quite ignorant of the dup and the situation in ni . 
  there was a petition on change.org that referred to the dup policies around lgbt rights , abortion , and creationism , but made no reference to the good friday agreement , or to brexit and the danger it poses the north . 
  people are intensely focused upon the social ramifications of the dup propping up the tories , but the state of threat to stability has been notably absent from a lot of living room commentators . 
  people do n't know about the dup , and the threat they pose , or even the social policies they have , for whatever reason . 
  maybe it 's a lack of media coverage , maybe it 's a lack of interest , but this is part of the uk and people just do not care , because it 's `` over there '' . 
  true , hamas does operate on a far larger scale . 
  but i think in the context of ireland it 's somewhat accurate still because of the history and intensity of the fighting . 
  there was something here the other day about a dup member who supported the `` nullification of catholics '' in protestant dominated counties back in the 90s . 
  granted , that 's 20 years ago , and their extremism has died down ( or at least been restricted to private outlets ) , but it 's still attached to their party . 
  their leader was ian bloody paisley until a few years ago . 
  i do n't , i 'm giving the benefit of the doubt to a grown human who is more likely to make a typo than to spread malicious rumour . 
  gatland complains about the crusaders ' play then his players go full on with armless tackles and whatever the fuck that was on naholo ? 
  * how come the lions get away with so many high tackles ? 
  the penalty that took the highlanders from 15-10 to 15-13 came right after naholo was tackled by an arm around his neck area . 
  * why did n't the lions kick for the corner at the final penalty attempt ? 
  * the lions halfback ( webb ? ), 
  is a fucking champ . 
  you should clone fifteen of him . 
  [ the commentators reacting to that is one of my favourite rugby moments . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylpptt_ncp0 ), 
  lions players did the same thing to naholo tonight , and to crusaders players on saturday . 
  henshaw was offside there anyway , and there were three others who could have caught him, 
  you think they were mistaken ? 
  i thought they moved it forward themselves and got caught ( like everyone does ) . 
  but the ref only moved it back a metre or so anyway , does n't seem much when you 're already long distance . 
  but it was 4 to go when awarded , and they were behind by 1 . 
  a try would have forced the highlanders to play for a try , but a successful penalty could have been a drop goal attempt by * marty banks * . 
  `` people in glass houses , s-s-sink ships ! '', 
  half the ira have said that adams was in the council though , so would n't he have similar respect ? 
  i 'm on the metric system and googled it ... a gallon is 3.75 litres . 
  we do n't even have bottles of drink that big here . 
  can i ask , with full respect , why do you not want to consider it a race thing ? 
  you 've said it 's old/new money , but that applies to the owners , not the players . 
  and could n't it be a combination of that and race anyway ? 
  i 'm just curious to hear why you discount race so readily . 
  that 's the point i was going to circle round to : class and money are intrinsically linked to race . 
  taking a cursory glance at the nba players i see when i watch , a lot of them are black . 
  and when i look at the nfl , i see a lot more white players ( especially the quarterbacks ) . 
  a kid from a black family is more likely to be of a lower socio-economic status than a white kid . 
  and that 's reflected through sports . 
  there 's a reason football ( soccer ) is the biggest sport in the world - it can be played on any surface , with minimum equipment . 
  basketball is pretty similar . 
  they 're readily accessible to children of any socio-economic level . 
   driven around in a golfcart, 
  trump 's the fat kid who sits under the hoop talking to the kid on the sideline who is scared to play . 
  he never touches the ball until someone yells out `` oi donny , what team you on ? '', 
  and throws it to him for the easiest lay up possible , which is followed by both arms flying up , tiny fists clenched , and a half hearted hip swing when he realises no one 's going to come high five him . 
  you poor dude , the fat guy at my school never missed . 
  he was practiced in the art of glory taking . 
  wapo has a livestream going on youtube, 
  it was n't always though . 
  something changed along the way . 
  back in the day they were professional about leaks . 
  they redacted information that could endanger people , they checked what they were releasing before they did it . 
  then there was that period where assange apparently told everyone `` fuck it , we 're just throwing it all up '' and they mass dumped . 
  and things like the turkish files with the lists of detractors and their details were released , and intelligence agents were exposed . 
  i think it 's too difficult to separate . 
  the hurricanes play an open running attack , but they do n't have the same forward-based attack that the crusaders/chiefs ( and the all blacks ) have . 
  the crusaders also have a crushing defence , which the highlanders are good on too . 
  every super team is lacking in one of the areas the all blacks excel in , and i 'd say the closest match all round is the highlanders , but they play at a level far below the all blacks . 
  $ 800 fine , court costs , and replace the cop 's glasses which she broke . 
  all up cost around $ 1050 . 
  no sentence . 
  and the blues when they 're on form , and they do the highlanders game play at a far higher level . 
  example : the lions did n't beat the crusaders in attack , they beat them on mistakes . 
  this is a huge generalisation , but on the stats , there 's no two ways about it - they only won on penalties , and did n't break the crusaders ' defence . 
  the all blacks will be a lot stronger in defence than that , and will be expected to be able to break out of those defensive positions with an attack that the crusaders could n't muster . 
  they 'll also be expected to capitalise on the attacking opportunities in the other half . 
   dusautoir vs nz in the 2007 rwc, 
  hang on , there was no world cup that year because of the airport strikes !, 
  2011 world cup opening match and the final . 
  both of them were with friends in the streets of central auckland , and the party atmosphere after the final was insane . 
  people dancing in the streets , and others driving in circles around the block with their horns never stopping . 
  everyone ran up to you with a huge smile and a thousand voices chaaaahoooooooing down queen street . 
  great night, 
  he would n't have won . 
  i do n't know why this is still a thing 9 months later . 
  oh , there is no way in hell us elections are more sophisticated than any other election in the west . 
  you have an archaic electoral system , it 's primitive compared to the rest . 
  yeah exactly . 
  the all blacks wo n't be passive on defence . 
  they 'll be pushing to clear out those rucks and attack hard . 
  pretty edgy joke there mate, 
  * biggar struggles to count past 3 . 
  the cops told the suspect to drop the gun before they shot . 
  they gave him a chance to surrender . 
  he was white . 
  remember that . 
  it 's relevant . 
   not being white only really comes into play when you 're a man, 
  i ca n't believe someone just said this without an / s, 
  the uk labour party just did exactly that and wiped out a 20pt lead and a majority . 
  because in the hierarchy of western prejudices , race comes before gender and politics . 
  you know how people like to talk about party before country ? 
  and other politicians say `` god , party , country '' ? 
  in this situation it goes race -  gender -  party . 
  a black woman will always fare worse than a black man , but a white woman will be better off than a black man . 
  it made me feel the opposite , because she still looks graceful while doing it and i felt like this showed that looking so comfortable could be achieved with practice and learning a sort of sequence of positions .
