  it got people stable , it got people out of poverty . 
  it supported people who needed it . 
  how do you find the spinoff `` anti-intellectual '' or `` non-evidence based '' ? 
  has been since it was started . 
  i just ca n't consider them seriously with gareth morgan involved . 
  and one of their candidates was at the child poverty action group meeting ( along with labour/nats/green ) and was awful . 
  only one that was worse was the nats person . 
  not having a strong front for child poverty in this current epidemic ? 
  not worth considering . 
  bloody hell , would n't mind living at your place . 
  what 're you making with all that flour ? 
  except those men were n't detonating a suicide vest , or cutting off a hostage 's head . 
  they were shooting down the plane of a tyrannical regime . 
  or are you going to tell me now that you disagreed with the men and women in the white house situation room saying `` thank god '' when a spec ops mission they sent out successfully killed bin laden ? 
  i 'm in nz , and we grow up being constantly told to chuck on some sunblock , reapply it every few hours . 
  i 've never seen someone with blisters from sunburn here , but i see it constantly in stories from the us and europe , and with tourists . 
  do you guys just not have those psas about sunblock and sun safety ? 
  i thought it would be standard given the temperatures you guys get, 
  how did you simplify the entire gif to that and miss the key part where they let go as a safety mechanism . 
  not if they ca n't hold on any longer , but if the structure begins to crush one of them . 
  a ubi is n't a complete plan for fighting child poverty . 
  what about when the youngest children are older than 3 ? 
  what about young couples who are pregnant and poor ? 
  the health of the mother and child during pregnancy is as important as after birth . 
  shit , sounds like a dream !, 
  they could n't even afford to live in auckland !, 
  had to limit their hunt to down south !, 
  i assume you 're referring to the connections between the mujahideen and the taliban , but that 's not as black and white as `` cia funded the first , and they turned into the second '' . 
  i like the policies the greens have put forward , and i like that they 've included young candidates because it shows they 're looking beyond the next 3 years . 
  they also plan to introduce the baby pods that the nordic countries use which are a fantastic idea . 
  holy shit that first dude had bitcoin that would be worth $ 12mil today . 
  should try living in auckland for a day . 
  we had snow , rain , and sun one winter . 
  cool . 
  afaik , you ca n't overturn an election , so the republicans will have the white house until 2020 anyway . 
  the only thing they have to worry about is 2018 and that 's a long time away anyway in terms of the lifetime of political scandals tainting a politician who 's not associated with it in anyway except party . 
  that 's plenty of time to do damage control as well . 
  everyone hated that part , and i liked it . 
  i guess i was n't expecting much given the show runners were already making so many changes for simplicity and did the same thing there ( combining two of oberyn 's daughters into tyene , wtf ? ) . 
  but i dunno , i enjoyed their part of the show otherwise . 
  i 'm still annoyed that the show 's overtaken the book because last we saw , doran was n't being inactive , but was sending the poisoner daughter to king 's landing and that was going to kick off with some mad games . 
  all shows do this , and it 's usually around the 16th-18th episodes of a 20-24 season run and i hate it with a passion . 
  90 % of the time , i do n't give a fuck about what happened prior to the show because you 've decided to stick a flashback episode right after a cliff-hanger , and i want closure damn it , not backstory !, 
  how is he a dictator ? 
  smoking 's gon na fuck you up no matter how old you are though . 
  should just be banned outright . 
  if you 're in third person move when you first load into the plane , you can look down at the water and there 's a big square which is the border of the map . 
  along that border are a bunch of pillars of rock i guess i 'd call them . 
  there 's only a few along each of the four sides , but i suspect that they indicate where the plane spawns in and spawns out , meaning that every flight path is going to be from one of those 4 points on one map side , to one of the 4 on the opposite side . 
  it means that you end up with regular paths but it 's simpler than true randomness . 
  refresh it . 
  it shows ingame for me . 
  i 'm really good at doing this . 
  my problem is not making the mistake again . 
  no because that means the only hosts could be people who dedicated time years ago . 
  dota has been massive for a long time already . 
  nahaz is saying that someone hosting ti should have experience hosting other dota comps , which is stupid and sounds protective and cliquey and is exactly the sort of policy which stops a scene growing . 
  it 's hosting , you do n't need to be involved in dota 2 . 
  mcs and hosts for events do n't always have to be related to the event , they just need to be able to stimulate conversation , ask questions , and entertain the audience . 
  casters and analysts are where you need people with dota 2 knowledge , but host is n't so specialised . 
  and besides , day9 has been doing all the stuff with purge and has built up a following . 
  he 's a sensible choice . 
  i do n't know who either of those two people are . 
  i looked them up before and i do n't recognise them . 
  i recognise day9 . 
  valve wants name recognition from people like me who do n't watch every competition . 
  ** selling ti7 immortals and collector 's cache items **, 
  item | hero | price, 
  rumrunner 's carronade | brewmaster | 1 key, 
  chaos fulcrum | chaos knight | 1 key, 
  maraxiform 's ire | clinkz | 1 key, 
  yulsaria 's mantle | crystal maiden | 1 key, 
  bellows of creation | elder titan | 1 key, 
  baneful devotion | legion commander | 1 key, 
  barren vector | sand king | 1 key, 
  malefic drake 's hood | viper | 1 key, 
  iceflight edifice | winter wyvern | 1 key, 
  secrets of the katekhein | winter wyvern | 1 key, 
  * buyer goes first . 
  no exceptions . 
  * will do 5 for 4 keys . 
  * pm to reserve a set . 
  not not making the mistake again . 
  i think ? 
  i 'm lost in the negatives, 
  a good start to what ? 
  it still does n't address poverty . 
  none of this matters if a child has a poor start , or the benefit that supports them suddenly disappears at age 3 . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  oh god . 
  let 's see . 
  * i saw a lightbulb through a gap in the stairs and decided to see what light felt like . 
  * i got given a pocket knife and ran my finger down it to see how sharp it was . 
  * i got given a pocket knife and remembered how sharp the last one was and thought this one was blunt so i ran my finger down it to see how sharp it was . 
  * i wanted to practice using scissors and the closest thing to me was a holographic ninetales card . 
  i really liked ninetales . 
  * i was trying to practice throwing a cricket ball . 
  i chose a window of my neighbour 's bedroom . 
  then i found out i did n't really need much practice . 
  * tried to see how long i could hold the pee in by pinching my foreskin together .
