  interestingly , i saw a quote the other day in a book about resistance to empire that essentially said that the american revolution occurred because the settlers wanted to be treated like britons , not like americans . 
  in a wider context , he was saying that had there not been a different standard of treatment between the home nation and the colony , revolution would not have been necessary , suggesting that the american colonials felt a degree of connection to being british that they wanted to maintain . 
  that seems to be a common theme among the colonies , and i 'd say it plays a big role in the self identification as british . 
  for a specific example , john logan campbell was a wealthy landowner in auckland , new zealand . 
  he qualified as a doctor in scotland before moving to the colony , where he had a small role in politics ( small in time , not position ) , and became a merchant . 
  by the end of the 19th century he was referred to as ` the father of auckland ' , and he left vast tracts of land to the city as gifts in his will . 
  he also donated huge sums of money to several auckland and new zealand based charities . 
  businesses he founded or had a hand in running still exist today - the bnz , the new zealand herald , and lion breweries all trace their history back to one of campbell 's business ventures . 
  in 1901 when there was a royal visit to the colony , campbell was asked to be the honorary mayor . 
  all of this is to show that campbell was respected and well liked in auckland , that he had strong ties , enormous success , and was a key member of the community . 
  despite that , it was still his wish that his two daughters return to europe to have a proper life as english women , which could n't be attained in the colony where women were more likely to work , or have some form of hobby that was close to work . 
  effectively , new zealand was a break from tradition , and england represented that tradition , and so , many new zealanders wanted to lay claim to that . 
  the final interesting point is that for many years , m\u0101ori were referred to as ` the new zealanders ' by european settlers , meaning that they did n't consider themselves new zealanders for awhile . 
  sorry this is a bit late , hope it answers your question though !, 
  do you know * why * he held those views ? 
  can you think of a reason * why * he might not have wanted black kids playing with white kids ? 
  it 's not segregation if it 's chosen by the people , it 's separatism . 
  it 's not great , but it has benefits . 
  segregation was a problem because it divided the races under law , and meant that one was given lesser status than the other . 
  separatism has equal status for both , but they do n't mix , and can be for a number of reasons : the usual one being maintaining and promoting a threatened cultural identity in the face of forced assimilation and integration . 
  assimilation and integration of minority ethnic groups has been used around the world in colonial spaces to destroy the culture of the minority group . 
  99.9 % of the time , it 's a racist agenda which sees the minority culture as less than , and not worth saving . 
  so separatism is n't racist , it 's self preservation . 
  holy shit, 
  everyone knows what is meant by n-word . 
  there 's no need to go throwing it around everywhere in your analysis of the situation . 
  the meaning of the saying itself is n't racist . 
  using the n-word is . 
  * `` ahhh , casual racism , how fondly i remember thee '' *, 
  no it 's not dude . 
  old white people are renowned for being scared of salt , never touching pepper , and boiling every particle of food they find until it 's whiter than them . 
  we could have gravel , and one of those trucks that drives down spraying water on it to stop the dust flying up, 
  tbh i never realised asia had so many white and pacific island people , but fuck , maybe he means bali ? 
  can of tomatoes is like $ .80 where i am friend , it 's the poor man 's currency . 
  [ ya , i just went to find it and it does look like ear looks across at someone and laughs a bit more , and he 's wiping a tear of laughter away after . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/fzi24nssiow?t=5m12s ) i dunno , it seems like that 's an added joke on top of the good time he 's having already, 
  also because a mainstream gay black rapper is a huge fucking deal for representation, 
  man , you guys do sports ground food pretty good ae , but you really do n't have hot chips on their own ? 
  that shit 's standard . 
  ahaha holy shit man , i was looking at this thinking `` wow , that 's super original idea , but the boxes thing is done already '' , then i saw you do it for chorus and i realised the reason it 's done is because i 've seen your ones when i 'm out and about !, 
  good job , they make the city look a bit nicer !, 
   did anyone read the article ? 
  there are no details , no sources and in the last paragraph they seem to call their own `` sources '' into question, 
  yes . 
  there are no details , and no sources , for two reasons : firstly , the irish independent did n't investigate this , they 've taken it from a wire service for news . 
  this article is n't an investigative piece , it 's just telling you the news that has been gathered by someone elsewhere . 
  secondly , sources are in there , but they 're anonymous . 
  generally , compromising a source is a bad idea . 
   `` but even if the source 's account of the proceedings is true , it still leaves open the question of why mr kushner wanted to convince the president to speak out against qatar . '', 
  this is one source 's account which is unproven , so while the paper can present the evidence as one person 's story of what happened , it 's still only alleged . 
  but the main point of this sentence is that regardless of whether that detail is correct or not , it does n't answer the main question regarding kushner 's influence over trump re : qatar . 
  oh , and this is n't tabloid trash . 
  a bit of critical thinking would have told you that . 
  if you agreed with him , you read it wrong . 
  i 'll repost this down here :, 
   did anyone read the article ? 
  there are no details , no sources and in the last paragraph they seem to call their own `` sources '' into question, 
  yes . 
  there are no details , and no sources , for two reasons : firstly , the irish independent did n't investigate this , they 've taken it from a wire service for news . 
  this article is n't an investigative piece , it 's just telling you the news that has been gathered by someone elsewhere . 
  secondly , sources are in there , but they 're anonymous . 
  generally , compromising a source is a bad idea . 
   `` but even if the source 's account of the proceedings is true , it still leaves open the question of why mr kushner wanted to convince the president to speak out against qatar . '', 
  this is one source 's account which is unproven , so while the paper can present the evidence as one person 's story of what happened , it 's still only alleged . 
  but the main point of this sentence is that regardless of whether that detail is correct or not , it does n't answer the main question regarding kushner 's influence over trump re : qatar . 
  this is n't an investigative piece . 
  this is n't the journalist who did the work . 
  this does n't require independent verification . 
  this does n't require sources to be listed off . 
  this is a news article telling you that someone else has done the work and this is what they 've found . 
  it 's a pretty standard type of news and i do n't know how you and the guy above you have never encountered it before . 
  there 's a link in the comments above to the fox experiment , which will probably lead you to the fox adoption agency, 
  anonymous sourcing is used regularly , because it threatens the jobs and lives of sources . 
  almost every source in every story about trump this year has been anonymous , because the sources are within the white house , or are staffers in the house . 
  off the record means you ca n't print what they say , but you can use them as a lead to find more information . 
  none of this is wrong . 
  idk , it 's kind of hard to embellish when people literally die from it . 
  a poetry night is a reading of poetry , with some other performers . 
  his only contact means that the only person he knew how to get in touch with in la was either the person running the poetry night , or a person performing there . 
  so he basically turned up knowing no one in the city except someone involved with a poetry performance night . 
  you chose two really bad examples there . 
  both of those women have made enormous amounts of money through their own hard work . 
   also the royal navy contracted him instead of sending one of their own , and that could suggest he was previously a smuggler anyway . 
  probably a privateer rather than a smuggler . 
   - johnny depp as a normal person . 
  i 'm not sure how to define normal for this , but in public enemies he was john dillinger who was a pretty regular guy who robbed banks . 
  - samuel l. jackson as a kindly reverend , blues player , gardener , school teacher , etc. 
  who never uses foul language or raises his voice, 
  he 's a blues player in black snake moan but there 's a whoooole heap of yelling . 
  does he ever raise his voice in django ? 
  i just looked up his filmography and the only movie of his i 've ever seen is jumper . 
  amazing . 
  [ he got the agency wrong , but it was in the original run of twin peaks . 
  ] ( https://pmctvline2.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/david-duchovny.jpg?w=620&amp;h=413&amp;crop=1 ), 
  it 's too hard to do , because of the water rushing at it . 
  the advice i saw awhile ago was to undo your seatbelt , unlock all doors , roll down the window if possible , and sit calmly until the water fills the car . 
  take a deep breath before it covers your face , then open the doors and swim out . 
  wo n't work the same . 
  the ceramic in the spark plug focuses the force into a far smaller point of impact allowing it to break through the tempered glass . 
  the hammer will space out the force over a wider area , and the glass is built to resist that .
