  the members vote for the leader . 
  when 195 mps think the leader is shit , they 're saying they think the members opinion is shit . 
  this is dangerous , because the members are people who elect mps . 
  so you see , 195 mps rejecting a leader who got 61 % of the vote from the party members means that 195 mps have got shit for brains , and are risking their jobs because they want to control the path of the party , rather than listening to the people who elected them . 
  ah i was looking for that but could n't find it so thanks !, 
  i 've added it now . 
  as for your assertion that it was abhorrent , i 'd say that all war is abhorrent . 
  the british security forces were n't there to keep the peace though , they were there to reinforce a colonial government . 
  there was no draft during the troubles - they signed up for military service . 
  both sides had a lot of issues with spies and informers , and division among allies . 
  that led to rival factions and plenty of suspicion . 
  there are several notable instances of people being killed during the troubles for informing , who were later found out not to have been . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying but it sounds like you 're suggesting mps should ignore the voters and do what they like . 
  corbyn 's secret ally delivers number 10 to the labour party in the * ides of may * !, 
  see it in cinemas this summer !, 
  right . 
  you know they 're not mutually exclusive groups ? 
  he 's right though - the ` ko ' is n't pronounced with an ` oh ' sound , it 's a softer version of ` or ', 
  morgan 's a tosser but $ 3 for charity is $ 3 for charity . 
  there 's a bloke in porana road in glenfield , he 's good, 
  he was only an adviser to the tories , but he was the campaign manager for obama in 2012 . 
  i think it shows that if you have a good campaign platform , he can run it in . 
  i wonder if he was campaign manager whether he would have changed her strategy to something more party oriented rather than the personal brand focus ( which is pretty awful ) . 
  he finished up with ` should n't have stuck around so long ' so i think this was a little unexpected, 
  let 's draw it at people who yell for others to get raped . 
  that includes this guy , that hack comedian tosh , and the 50 % of reddit that like to send those threats to women on social media . 
  yeah pharmac 's mean as . 
  love getting scripts and doc visits cheap as chips, 
  ok , so if this is taken as the plot line , then what 's happened to the cylons who were created 2,000 years before * bsg * that went with the 12 colonies ? 
  because as i understand it , the final five leave ( old ) earth to go to the twelve colonies and warn humankind about the threat of war with the cylons . 
  but they travel for 2,000 years and arrive at the time of the first cylon war :, 
   they made their way to the twelve colonies with the intention of warning the humans against repeating old mistakes and provoking another war with centurions . 
  they lacked faster-than-light technology , so they traveled at speeds near , but below , the speed of light . 
  they arrived only to find that the other colonies were already engulfed in war with their own cylon centurions . 
  if this is the case , the humans on the twelve colonies either got rid of their cylons earlier , or lived with them for 2,000 years . 
  but if they got rid of them , then was 18 years enough for the cylons to rebel against humankind , flee , then come back with a full scale military force ? 
  or if they lived with them for 2,000 years , then how were the * caprica * builders inventing cylons ? 
  fuck the tories , but his demeanour here is absolutely delightful . 
  he 's so thrilled , and i love it . 
  yeah tac voting is a bit of a laugh in a fptp system . 
  there 's a reason she 's known as the iron lady * around the english speaking world * . 
  ok i like this explanation !, 
  this seems to fit everything , but i thought that the thirteenth colony were humanoid cylons built by the humans before the split at kobol . 
  which makes me wonder why the twelve colonies did n't build more cylons after they split ? 
  other than that , this is good . 
  it 's just a very condensed period for modern creation --  rebellion --  complete war with armed forces all occurring in 18 years . 
  i do n't think the fear is that the dup would openly pressure the tories for power , but rather that if governance of the north was devolved back to westminster then any legislative measures taken would require the support of the dup mps . 
  that would of course mean that they could boycott anything they did n't like , effectively pressing their own agenda . 
  british , but not english . 
  it 's the anglo-irish problem . 
  do n't fit in in ireland because they 're too english . 
  do n't fit in in england because they 're too irish . 
  an entire group of planters who do n't have a proper home because of a colonial strategy from centuries ago . 
  i know you 're pointing out that you need a barrier of some sort to pass through , but i feel this could be taken several other ways, 
  no that does n't sound right . 
  the final five left earth 1.0 for the twelve colonies and it took them 2,000 years to get there . 
  the twelve colonies had been long established . 
  pharmac is a company owned by the new zealand government which subsidises medicine for kiwis . 
  it does this by offering the drug companies the chance to bid for the contract , making them bid lower to get us the best price . 
  it means that our scripts ( prescriptions ) are cheap as chips ( cheap ) . 
  we pay something like $ 10 for medicine that would cost $ 200 in the us . 
  doc visits are cheap bc the government subsidises those too . 
  and ` mean as ' means they 're cool . 
  nay , you may be worthy , but i am worthier !, 
  lol , why does the centenary quaich matter but the troph\u00e9e des bicentenaires or the prince william cup do n't ? 
  they 're signs of the friendship and history between nations , and often they 're donated by one of the rugby unions to be contested . 
  is n't that what the spirit of rugby is meant to be ? 
  that it brings us together ? 
  in new zealand we have a trophy for almost every provincial match up , reflecting the historical connections - usually it 's named for a rugby great who played for both sides . 
  same reason you do n't have kiwi refs reffing nz-aus games in super xv . 
  authoritarianism is an ideology . 
  well hang on , what does worst mean ? 
  is worst a measure of incompetence or evil ? 
  because if it 's incompetence , this sounds exactly like it . 
  other presidents might not have acted on it , but his failure to recognise the significance is the incompetence . 
  where 'd you get the bit about the twelve tribes leaving kobol 2,000 years ago though ? 
  but if you earn more ... you can afford the newly priced goods ... 
  the problem here is that the price of goods are rising anyway , but the wage is n't . 
  or maybe through the intentional displacement of irish people by colonising settlements of scottish protestants who were encouraged to move across the irish sea by the government in the 17th century ? 
  banana on toast . 
  you might like to look into hiring a wheelchair for auckland . 
  the stadium is fairly close to the train station , but i do n't know that cabs will be able to get all that close . 
  they close a lot of the roads around eden park down before each game . 
  you were correct in a way - they asked for a soft brexit , but their hardline stance was no special eu status which overruled all other wishes . 
  it 's a clusterfuck , and i 'm hoping it results in the pot boiling over in westminster rather than in ni . 
  but trophies are n't always about winning . 
  they 're also commemorative , which is what these ones are . 
  you 'll notice that there is n't a trophy which is handed over at every international , it 's just that there is a trophy for most of them . 
  god that final one against wales was just unfair . 
  the bounce was unnatural . 
  it 's still 5 hours away , go have a nap !, 
  i read these comments before i read the team list and i thought we were fucked , but it turns out we have a host of depth now !, 
  this is n't fake news though , it 's a typo . 
  corbyn 's office sent out an email saying 15,000 people had joined since election day according to the bbc article . 
  someone fucked up the 0s when they tweeted their new figure , which is all it is . 
  fake news is intentionally fake , and aims at spreading misinformation . 
  because hamas has a political wing and a paramilitary wing . 
  the dup has ties to the loyalist paras in ni , no matter how much they try to deny it . 
  no it 's not , because that removes the boundary between mistakes and propaganda . 
  the other side of the story would be the loyalists who went into vigilante mode and killed almost no one but catholic civilians with mollys and bombs .
