  how is that predictable as a political target ? 
  yeah i went from some good options to some fifty shades-esque romance about a man seducing a woman in a candy store . 
  pride and prejudice , the northern lights , and outlander were the first three . 
  interesting how it pulls some well known ones and then some bargain bin $ 2 paperbacks . 
  the sort where you 'd buy chocolates for your boss 's wife , because you felt guilty about fucking him in milwaukee ? 
   after their appointment they can only be removed by congress or death , the former of which has literally never been tried . 
  this is n't true . 
  [ associate justice samuel chase was impeached by the house in 1804 , but acquitted by the senate . ], 
  i know why we 're mocking trump here , but really , if someone goes to a g7 meeting and does n't get a bit smarter , they 're doing the job wrong . 
  * bzzzt * wrong again . 
  * strap on . 
  * that scene from 40 days and nights where josh hartnett gets tied up and assaulted . 
  i 'm a dude , the speaker was a woman . 
  the sentence was confusing in the extract ( and my comment since i quoted it ) , because the author wrote it in such a way that the `` him '' seemed to refer to the boss 's wife . 
  nah , / u/silent ___ storm read the same extract as i did and my comment was just continuing the narrative . 
  duh , but where did the technology come from ?!, 
  * aliens *, 
   but the whole `` lost civilization of the incas '' thing is a little bit bullshit . 
  it 's also the standard in western humanities , because everything is talked about from a eurocentric view . 
  who discovered america ? 
  columbus ? 
  vikings ? 
  native americans ? 
  this goes for other colonial nations too , like australia and new zealand . 
  there 's a ` lost ' tribe in the amazon . 
  but wait , they know they 're there . 
  the other tribes know they 're there . 
  how are they lost ? 
  fuck i thought we were still on the platypus parent comment and thought it was pretty cool that you had a jewish platypus family, 
   glitter went down early though, 
  well yeah , if he went down late it would n't be paedophilia would it, 
  you 're simplifying race to the most extreme degree possible , which coincidentally is exactly what the us government does with its classifications . 
  firstly , race has no basis in science . 
  it 's entirely defined by people who group other people together based on shared traits . 
  that 's how we get a kenyan and a senegalese person both being defined as black when there 's a ridiculous amount of difference between the two . 
  secondly , race is adaptable due to the above , and is often moulded to suit the purposes of a specific party . 
  for example , america defined a white person with a single black great grandmother as black , because of the one drop rule . 
  for a more modern example , look to muslims . 
  islam is a widespread religion that has adherents across indonesia ( asian ) , iraq ( arabs ) , and mali ( africans ) . 
  yet muslim is frequently invoked as a racial term rather than a religious one . 
  this is because of racialisation , or the act of applying characteristics of a race to a group that is not a race . 
  this is also what happened to the jews , and why anti-semitism is racism , and not just an anti-religious movement . 
  jews were racialised during wwii and cast as a threat to the white race . 
  finally , your examples of different ethnic groups who have been persecuted is wonderful , but also flawed . 
  the irish were n't persecuted because of their race , but because the british saw them as ` less than ' and ` degenerated ' . 
  the word degenerated is key because that 's exactly how victorian europe saw non-white peoples in the countries they colonised . 
  there were some indigenous peoples who they saw as so degenerated from the perfection of the white race that they could never be civilised , like the aboriginals in australia . 
  others , like the tahitians , were called the ` noble savages ' , and had a chance to be redeemed to whiteness . 
  the irish were a degenerated race , as were the others you listed . 
  in particular i 'd point out the middle eastern nations who were reviled for their behaviour because it did n't match up to the civilised standards of great britain . 
  so no , the groups you listed were n't white victims of racism , because they were never considered white by their persecutors . 
  likewise , an american with a black great grandmother could be a shining example of hitler 's aryan race but would still be black under the drop of blood law . 
   i 'm a loyal politician and i do n't do that . 
  lmao, 
  both responses so far have said do n't bother indicating in the second situation , but i believe it 's required to indicate when merging . 
  to be honest , most of us do n't while driving . 
  but you 're a learner , so for the next six months , get into the habit of doing it until you pass your restricted test . 
  once that 's done , take the relaxed approach . 
  scotsmen wore kilts , romans wore tunics . 
  tell me again how this is a consistent thing and not one based on women 's modesty . 
  gender neutral means the kid who is scared to tell someone that she is actually a he can just use the bathroom without feeling awkward . 
  [ 1.3 mil sounds good until you read the next bit . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_azaria_chamberlain#release_and_acquittal ), 
   two years after they were exonerated , the chamberlains were awarded a$ 1.3 million in compensation for wrongful imprisonment , a sum that covered less than one third of their legal expenses . 
  al-qaeda was a threat though so it 's hard to compare them with isis . 
  honestly , who gives a shit ? 
  the guy 's doing his restricted licence , just tell him to indicate and be done with it , because if he does n't he 'll likely be failed for it . 
  mandatory voting does n't make you a democracy , and is n't in effect in many democratic countries . 
  what does make a democracy however , is direct representation , which the electoral college removes . 
  that 's not how mandatory holidays work though . 
  essential services are given permission to operate on those days : emergency services , medical staff , petrol stations . 
  the shifts for those staff would be scheduled so that they would have time to vote . 
  i 'm in new zealand and we have our elections on a saturday . 
  we 're registered to vote as soon as we 're 18 . 
  we can vote from anywhere in the country if we 're on holiday or out of the electorate . 
  we do n't need photo id , and you can register to vote on the day . 
  everyone who is employing a voter on a saturday is legally required to give them time off to go and vote , which is easily done because voting stations are extremely common ( i live 200m from one and 300m from another ) , and the process is very quick ( i voted without my id , quick vote card , and in the wrong electorate and it still took me less than 5 minutes ) . 
  this is one of the stupidest comments i 've read on this sub . 
  first of all , what makes you think she 's lacking in anything ? 
  she 's only 22 and has already completed two degrees , run successful businesses , and has run her own political campaign , which was as successful as you can get without winning . 
  secondly , helen clark . 
  she was a three term pm ( exceedingly good at her job ) , and took on the un job ( which she also excelled at ) . 
  do we doubt her credentials ? 
  hopefully not . 
  but clark had no real world experience . 
  she was a politics major , then completed her masters . 
  she attempted to stand in ' 74 ( age 24 , 1 year older than chloe will be in september ) , and when she failed she went back to the university to be a lecturer until she was elected in 1981 . 
  helen clark went from being a student in a politics theatre , to being a lecturer in a politics theatre , to being an mp for mt albert which she then proceeded to hold and represent for 28 years . 
  by the way , phil goff had the same qualifications : pols ma , lectured in pols , joined parliament . 
  or how about todd barclay ? 
  he stood for election in 2014 , also 24 , although he [ looked like he 'd never seen the sharp end of a razor before . 
  ] ( https://static2.stuff.co.nz/1398640681/113/9985113.jpg ) todd finished university , worked for some mps , then worked for a ciggie company for under a year . 
  so chloe , in contrast to these two ( three if you count goff ) mps , has got a lot of experience doing things that regular new zealanders do : working , running a business , and studying . 
  she also has some experience politically , which none of them had . 
  by any measure , she 's more qualified to be a legislator than any of them . 
  what more could you want ? 
  when helen clark and phil goff stood , there was n't a list at all . 
  they were being given one of labour 's key strongholds . 
  todd barclay also stood in an electorate , taking over from bill english . 
  if you really want to do lists though , we can .
