  first person has not fixed camping at all in my experience . 
  problem is that all teams should have equal chance to win the qualifying points . 
  90ms is a huge difference , especially if you 're jumping from 100ms to 190ms . 
  100ms is playable , 200ms is not . 
  who said anything about swearing ? 
  i said you 're acting like an edgy teenager because your entire pubg presence is you abusing grimmz for no discernible reason . 
  how about you grow up ? 
   more like it takes more time , clearing houses and taking split seconds of holding f can get you killed . 
  you 're literally asking for something to be added to the game that benefits you , with no drawbacks . 
  too bad if you 're an actual native though ay, 
  what the fuck, 
  yeah , so i 'm sure if you played 10 hours of pubg and had someone ruining every game for you with a horn , you 'd maintain a sweet disposition too . 
  you ca n't even keep your temper in check when you 're watching someone act rationally . 
  how was it criminal ? 
  you realise they did n't put the entire period of their honking escapades in that video , right ? 
  they started off with a honk and grimmz and anthony said `` oh fuck , here we go again . '', 
  every video began like that , because it had been going on all ready . 
  this was n't a prank , it was targeted harassment at multiple streamers . 
  they 're doing it to promote their own youtube account , one of them already got shadowbanned , and their discord is filled with people figuring out how to taunt grimmz more . 
  at this point it 's more like brigading , and they should be banned from this sub . 
  but hurr durr , it 's grimmz , the bougie streamer we do n't like , so let 's side with the children who decided to taunt him . 
  um , yeah , you just explained it to me . 
  i did n't know what he had done that constituted criminality , that 's why i asked . 
  perhaps you 'd like to turn your temper to the rest of my comment where grimmz was being harassed ? 
  it 's probably painted stone , so you would n't want to sand it unless the dirt is buildup from 1904 . 
  if it 's just from recent fires , you 'd be able to wipe it down with a cloth and hot soapy water , or a scrubbing brush if it was quite set in . 
  source : white mantle on my fireplace . 
   it 's the internet , i do n't give a flying fuck . 
  of course you do n't . 
  you 're a mature adult . 
   go white knight some other idiotic cause you cunt face . 
  seriously , i 'll concede if you can just explain why you should be able to open doors at full speed without noise , or open them slowly without being vulnerable . 
  honestly , they 'll start a thread complaining about having to click `` na --  solo fpp '' after each game but i 'm supposed to believe they 'd be ok for someone driving past them every single game with a blaring horn ? 
  the problem is that if you play on a server at 40ms constantly , then you have to play on one at 150ms or 200ms , it 's going to be a huge adjustment . 
  a change like that has an effect on last hitting , pathing , timing of your abilities . 
  yes , it 'll all happen at the same intervals if you 're chaining them , but that extra 200ms means that your last hit can be denied , or it 'll be mistimed around a ranged creep 's shot , or that you 'll change direction while pathing after you meant to and wo n't dodge a skillshot . 
  you playing on the brazil servers is a choice you make , but a competitive environment should be equal which is why they use lans . 
  ping differences give a noticeable difference in gameplay experience . 
  like resorting to namecalling because you disagree with me , right ? 
  but somehow grimmz is a little bitch for not resisting the urge and actually doing something about actions he disagrees with . 
  hey it 's you !, 
  have you ever considered adding sheepstick to the suggested items for anti mage in your build ? 
  also , why do n't you include mkb on your weaver build ? 
  i always thought it was a key item for him post deso/linkens . 
  edit : this sounded very accusatory . 
  thank you so much for your guides , they 've helped me learn quite a few heroes i had never played before !, 
  edit 2 : damn , there 's a whole bunch of downvotes suddenly swept through here . 
  i 'm just asking questions about items i like to build , chill . 
  i actually play quite a few , including some with reputation for toxicity . 
  dota 2 , which is atrocious ingame , but the sub is usually good . 
  overwatch , which can be pretty bad ingame , but again , the sub is quite good . 
  csgo , which i avoid the sub for completely . 
  90 % of what i see on this sub is complaints about grimmz , complaints about other streamers having their clips posted here , and complaints about why the game is n't similar enough to rainbow six . 
  the last 10 % is actually good content , with a guy dying to the circle in 2nd place because he misread the map or a car doing three flips before landing on a squad exiting a fuckboy shack . 
   i have never seen an anti-mage ever buy sheepstick rofl :d, 
  it is fantastic , i swear by it . 
  it gives you a longer disable than abyssal , and it gives you mana regen . 
  it 's also applied at range , unlike abyssal which is just a bit of extra usefulness . 
  tbh , i have n't liked abyssal ever since they patched out the sacred relic and the +100 damage . 
  i never feel like i need the extra tankiness or regen from vanguard because talents and vlads/heart cover that . 
  seems ridiculous tbh , and have n't heard anything about it yet . 
  the electoral commission will be putting out warnings about this sort of thing throughout september though , and especially for social media because it 's such a big form of interaction now . 
  if you want to know sooner , you can probably ping them on [ facebook ] ( https://www.facebook.com/ivotenz/ ) . 
  also , the electoral commission has to decide to prosecute as far as i recall , so they probably will show discretion if opinions are n't being shared/retweeted on september 23rd . 
  yeah true man , being mocked for your identity is n't a disadvantage at all . 
  in fact , we should harass indians too !, 
  and maybe we could start mocking the chinese kids !, 
  yes ... but i 'm talking about it as core . 
  linken 's is pretty worthless now that am has the aghs upgrade though . 
  if you 're 5 slotted with battlefury , manta , treads , heart , butterfly , then the mana regen is n't that great when you 're split pushing or playing against heroes that can sap/burn/drain your mana . 
  in those instances , sheepstick fixes you up with the extra regen and will keep you out of shrines/fountain longer too . 
  man , fuck off back to r/incels, 
  amazing , as if different people have different views . 
  that 's true , i do favour linkens over aghs against bs/lc ( i also prefer not picking am against them , but things happen , right ? ), 
  that 's fine , but maybe be more clear about it next time ? 
  rather than a vague comment about situational . 
  most damage items are situational across almost every carry . 
  tell me about it , people really dislike people with different ideas on builds ay . 
  hey leonard , welcome to / r/askhistorians !, 
  your grandpa was n't alone in his views , although the reasons he gave might have differed slightly from those of the people i know about . 
  the civil rights movement was like pretty much any other movement in that it was powered by a wide range of people from different backgrounds , who held an equally wide range of opinions . 
  this meant that while some saw king as a progressive thinker who was aiming to change things , others were worried about upsetting the status quo and the pushback that might come from white communities . 
  this was n't a new fear for the black community . 
  there had been plenty of reprisals against black organisers in the past . 
  stores that would refuse to sell goods , and landlords that would refuse to rent homes were two . 
  more insidious were school boards that were dominated by white officials and would rearrange funding from black schools , leaving them unable to afford teachers , education materials , and other essentials . 
  i remember a story about black activists who were trying to get people in their communities registered to vote . 
  it was difficult , because of literacy tests , but they were making progress . 
  but at some point , they faced opposition from church leaders who were n't happy with their influence over the community being subverted by these educating activists ( who were mostly women ) . 
  some of these leaders had been threatened by white businessmen in the community too - they were told if they did n't put a stop to the registration drives , they would be refused business . 
  these were what i suppose you would call the upper class of the black communities . 
  a particular example that was given in the story was their clothing being of higher quality , often tailored , and brought from upmarket white shops . 
  the nicer clothes which were a sign of their position would become unavailable to them if they were locked out . 
  these are fairly passive forms of intimidation , but i think their existence shows a strain of `` keep your head down '' thinking that was definitely present . 
  upsetting the cart meant turbulent times for black communities , and if some were doing ok , they were n't liable to want to threaten that . 
  on the other hand , if they were struggling , the violent forms of intimidation that were far more common ( lynchings , beatings ) were an even more potent threat that could discourage efforts . 
  i think most people , including your grandpa , wanted change . 
  what they feared was what would replace the system they already had , and what punishment might be meted out by white authorities or even ordinary white people if they were seen to be advocating change . 
  your grandpa being the son of a slave might have mattered too : if he had memories of his father 's stories , or even his own experiences at the time , that very likely could have shaped his thoughts about being too noisy . 
  hope this helps a bit , it might be a bit scattered as i have n't slept in awhile .
